so grateful to my friend who gifted this to me
i never used bar soap on my fave before
this one is pretty bomb
even from complete strangers
this is obviously a luxury br
definitely some sticker shock
boy was i wrong
even my husband notices too!
a rep suggested i try this
i got this on a recommendation from my wedding stylist
remembered i had this triple recovery sample
boy i loved it
i am converted to tatcha from ren that i have since 2011
i literally checked my receipt to make sure i hadn't accidentally bought it
will be passing it along to my mom
as i have had acne since i was in 3rd grade
in the past i have used drunk elephant
then read the reviews
i must say it was like heaven in a bottle
you'll wake up amazed
the f%ck boys are running after me.
as opposed to the fresh br
i followed the advice of one of the reviewers here
this saved my skin
my sister gave this to me for my birthday
i received this item initially from my mom.
i just wish they didn't sell to china because china tests on animals
i used this for the first time ever n it made my skin feel br
im obsessed wit it now .
i felt like the diamond queen in this mask
my friend got this in her play box
i got it because i got a gift card.
because i had a gift card
im trying it for the first time
my boyfriend got it for me for christmas
i've gotten compliments from friends/family who didn't know i was doing masks
my man always jokingly calls me sailor moon as i walk around the house with this on my head
i've heard a lot about it from beauty influencers
i love the way it turns to silver
i did a demo of this in my video for the november play
even the kids noticed!
idk about fixing any lines
before a big job interview or a wedding
i love it for my forehead
i just bought my second container.
bought one for herself
it's fun walking around the house with a silver face haha
i am a huge fan of face masks
i even used it on my boyfriend
my favorite glamglow mask so far!
i used initially when it was a 100 pt perk
i received this as a birthday present from a friend
daughters enjoy laughing at me while my face turns silver =
i am not wearing any foundation
this is by far one of my favorite
my surgeon was amazing at the other things she did surgically
i mean like my personal space was totally invaded by this chick
salesgirl slapped this stuff on my face before i could say "whoa nellie"
dear first aid beauty,
recently got pregnant had to switch everything to just hydration purposes
falling in love with this br
my entire teen/adult life i have used cetaphil lotion as it is super gentle
i instantly became obsessed.
fab is a wonderful br
boy does my skin feel great
i recently started taking accutane
boy can i tell a difference when i run out
this seriously saved my life
the jury is still out on this one.
when it did ohh child
since i stoped using it
this doesn't work for her
thank you first aid beauty
my husband loves it too!
i give it 10/5 stars!
it is a god send
i live in a dry
this is by far my favorite partner my skin care routine
im still using morning
even though i am in my 30s
she recommended some other br
the first aid beauty rep was at my local sephora one day
i decided to go "old school"
i loved the bar
hence my deduction of one star
like i haven't seen since before having kids in my mid-twenties
first day i used it got a comment from a complete stranger who assumed i am 21 years old- that's 20 years younger than my actual age
what is my secret
even i just ate pizza last night
my 20 year old daughter came by
the instructor showed me the proper way to apply
my boyfriend everyday use for a month
i look like a zombie in the morning
i wish i had taken before and after photos.
i am a dental student
thank you for saving my smile!
i got this product in my sephora beauty box
when i first got this as a gift i used it
try it ladies you'll thank me later :)
here are my thoughts about its claims :yes
it has been a life saver
i work at a busy tax office
go make my coffee
plus my fiancé loves it as well!
i am a full time student
i don't look dead
great for that girl on the go!
i got the eye cream originally as a freebie in a mystery bag
am being told i look younger
i am a 30 year old mom
this eye cream was recommended to me by danny at the state street store in chicago
therefor when i received mine i was very cautious
i am happy to report they have de-puffed dramatically
gives a slept in appearance
this is a keeper for me.
since i don't always leave the house
my mom actually gave this to me because i never moisturized before makeup
i am so blown away i had to write a review
s down is my favorite
wow i am blown away.
i consulted with tatcha via an online chat session
especially for us older ladies
my best friend swears by it
after that i had to have it ♥
as another reviewer said
i've tried many different br
next i tried l'occitane precious with spf.
went to store for this product-
i got this for my man and he loves it!
51 years old woman with mature skin would like to look younger
since my dermatologist told me that
i spoke to an esthetician who said it was probably not the murad
i recently switched to this moisterizer
this is my favorite
i am now starting my best friend on the system
even when i sweat playing tennis
i still don't look 20yrs
i am so glad that the salesperson in the store spoke to this about this product
this is my second tube!
she recommended this one
i am a 60-something female that has been defiled by sun
shoutout to eugenia at the west town mall sephora for convincing me to take the plunge
i am always on the lookout for new
recently when my moisterizer finished i tried another br
i've used almost every br
i felt that i looked more awake
a dr told me about eye masks
i literally have tried every eye cream from drug store to extremely expensive department store br
:) i recommend every woman try it, it works....
aka i can't cry my hair while wearing them
i am an insomniac with very dark hereditary circles
it was recommended by a staffer
even my fiancee gave me a compliment when he was home that i looked really rested finally :
the neck product is sensational.
i am in my early thirties
have been a sun-lover my whole life
this was recommended to me in store
i found this gem for $15 clearance at marshalls.
am just starting to develop baby-crows feet
i didn't read the directions for application
if i was a rich girl i would get this for my aunt
watched the demo video they gave
because i just lost 5 lbs
my boyfriend even noticed a difference in my face
one night i had a lot to drink with friends
at 42 years old i expected to look like the crypt keeper the following morning
genetics from my dad
i am starting to see crows feet
i am not very "mature/old"
then a co-worker asked me if i had had botox
*immediately* was like babe touch my face
when i received an email for dr
received the greatest gift of all -- an uplifted
after first use i was impressed
i told her i have tried the br
then i told her my age
am a fan of that product
beauty insider gift so i turned in my points.
i love this br
i must stress to please read instructions.
but please read and follows instructions.
i live in the midwest
i tried it in the store
i am no doubt a skincare junkie
give it time ladies.
this is this first night cream ive ever used
this is my favorite
this one is my new favorite
i am 30 years old
what a happy accident it is/was
concerns i was told vissionaire was perfect for me
i also use the night cream and boy does it works.
i am 72 years old
was having dinner with my 46 year old daughter
she recommended i try this l
she told an she loved it
then i went to a sephora store where she recommended this product
i ran out of my dior cream
it hurts my wallet
i live in denver where it is very dry
so i gave it a shot haha.
mind you i'm 26 years old and i smile a lot.
i am grateful i accepted the 10-day challenge.
lo&behold...algenist power to the rescue!!!
my skin is drinking this product in like a thirsty maniac
i am almost done my second bottle
i showered around 3 pm
deff buying my mother who is 62 years old.
never rate enything a 5 star product till now.
like i was originally
i am purchasing my 2nd bottle today.
love the pump bottle a lot.
i think i'm finally being forgiven for my years in the sun
it was recommended by someone who has had acne their entire lives
check out at my youtube channel
lucky for me there was a kate somerville rep there who saw my skin
i've used the silver in the am
i wish i had pictures
everyone says i am glowing!
i still pair this with my drunk elephant tlc serum every night
even my sister said to me
i just purchased her other 2 masks
it left my skin baby-
my neighbor ask me what i was doing different because my skin looked radiant
downstairs to use as needed
like at least one other reviewer mentioned
it's revolutionized my skin
when the vib sale arrived
oh my god i just had to buy the full sized
after seeing a bb pro artist post about the new masks on instagram
used it how the bb pro showed it on insta
as soon as i was pregnant, my skin changed.
i never had the pregnant "glow" that everyone talks about
my sister in law noted that my face is as soft as her toddler's skin
i got this product as a gift.
picky sister to using this product
this is by far my favorite
my dad even noticed a differencein my skin!!
the beautician pointed me towards this
it has completely saved my life
for my 40 year old skin
now this is my new fave.
that pairing is a match made in heaven
worked miracles on my skin.
i just purchased my second tub
this product was recommended to me by someone in the store
my husband also loves this product.
this is my first purchase from kate somerville
i am a consultant for a sijcp
last december i splurged on a clarisonic
i talked to a lady that worked at sephora
she hooked me up with the kate somerville exfolikate cleanser
even my husband loves it!
i've since added other kate somerville products to my bathroom
i noticed one of the ladies working there
(combination skin) and she told me she uses this.
however kate somerville's creation is a life saver
i am obsessed with this.
i am writing this review now
s down my absolute favorite
i also ran this by my esthetician
i am the worst when it comes to sephora's sample policy
this one was the winner!
my daughter came home from college
i am exploring more from this br
i've always been a drug store face wash person
i excitedly bought the trial size
the skin rep there saw my skin
i am hoping this will give me the girl i have been searching for
my brother has oily skin
i got my first bottle in december
ive struggled with enlarged
ive jusy grown to have low expectations from face wash
when i eat junk food
since i got this for christmas
boy this product did not disappoint
ptr saves me again.
definitely taking this baby on my travels.
it was going to be for my boyfriend
after using it myself
i've only used about 1/10th of the bottle
i must say by the morning my skin is beautiful
s i was left emotional
finally i was referred to this skin product
i am officially hooked, ptr!
i am in my 40s and am a smoker.
with a new baby at home
bye bye renergie... you've been replaced!
i am in the baby boomer category
my co-worker commented on how "glowy" i looked
my fiancé uses it regularly and loves it as well.
i am becoming obsessed with josie maran products.
thanks for making this josie maran
thank you sephora for carrying this
i received this as a birthday gift in month of january
i love using it before sleeping
i am in my mid forties
i believe i was neglecting it
i got the body
she too was surprised
no more waking up looking like i used a cheese pizza for a pillow
had to write it a great review
i took them to minnesota for christmas
i am 21 years old with combo skin
now i found it
seriously, overnight his skin was like mine.
this has been a life saver
love all her products.
i love this product after a swim in the pool.
i recommended this to all my friends.
i got the body
ter too after loving this one
the more i try her products
my search is over!!
this is my second tub of it and i love it!
this is my 2nd jar.
holy smokes, it's amazing.
i am a mask obsessed individual lol
secondly, i'm a bit of a mask guru.
i've tried masks from just about ever br
'm no stranger to masks
this winter my skin has been unquenchable
definitely a keeper in my skin care routine
even my boyfriend couldn't stop commenting on how soft
i fell in love
it doesn't make me oiler
i got in sephora play box for january
this was my fave
this one is a winner!
this one is by far my favorite
as i am a fan of ole henriksen's face wash
it was went my 14 year old daughter complimented my skin that i knew it was a win
i am a forever customer
i can sit on the couch
got it back in june
this is one omg product u shouldnt be missing!
i got this as my 100 points product at the checkout
this mask is truly a blessing from baby jesus christ himself
my favorite mask so far!
lack of sleep from traveling
a heard a lot of people tried it
i got it as a 100 point gift
my boyfriend has oily skin
i just ordered a bottle of it
the sephora experts told me it was probably dead skin
my face was in heaven
i walked out of the bathroom
my boyfriend instantly asked me what i had just done
after the first use omg
yes i accidentally ate some
well worth it ladies
this is my favorite mask ever.
my boyfriend couldn't stop touching my face after i used it
it is my new fav
when i was browsing sephora i noticed this one
worked at a restaurant full-time---i would breakout a lot
i switched to this cleanser after sephora stopped selling the one i loved from murad
i am in my mid-forties
i am not switching
i recently left mine at a relative's house while visiting
i would like to thank the young lady at the sephora in boulder for listening to my skincare needs
this is my favorite
purchased for my mother
a sephora rep told me about murad
this mask has been my best friend ever since receiving it in my playbox recently
it was my favorite product in the july play box.
a friend of mine had it
i received this in my july play!
i got this in my july play!
i received this in my july playbox
i received this in my july play box
i got a mini in a boscia christmas bundle during the holidays
got this in my july sephora play box
i received this from my july play box
let my fam full of sisters know
it was my favorite product out of the july box
this box is by far my favorite
this by far is my favorite
i highly recommend trying this ladies
gents because this has saved my skin
this is my favorite
i am a person who uses a ton of face masks
my boyfriend bought this for me for v-day
this has been my routine sunday mask
ready to conquer the world
an employee recommended this one to me
was in awe of the cost
when i heard about the new dani treatment/primer to the br
i quote "you look radiant today
within a week i am a believer
i got hooked on dr
this may be on my birthday list.
used it out of curiosity
my sister went out
before my mom purchased this for me
she swears by it
i am now on my 4th bottle
boy was i wrong
at my age i am always skeptical about new products
it became my favorite product
my skin got blighter
since its not really br
if i could be an ambassador for this, i would!!
this truly saved my face
this has rescued my skin
after reading the rave reviews
soooo... i had to order online.
i am 39 with signs of aging
i almost never write reviews
like many of the other commenters
hearing about how "magical" this product was
i got this as a beauty reward
i used this product soon after a flight home from europe
i’ve never had such wonderful pancakes!
hero salve saved me!!
i got the hero salve
finally discovered this milk hero salve
this one is my favorite to date
listen i have spent thous
i am obsessed with this oil!!!
ever since i started wearing it
i got the milk makeup triple threat glow gift from a friend
i am ordering it no doubt
true miracle worker due to allergies
is that my mom used it out of curiosity
(received this in the april play!
if i had written this review yesterday
it probably would've been 1 star
i am a makeup hoarder.
have one in my purse
one in my bathroom
i am oily girl
so many woman my age are missing out on this great line of products
women my age will rewrite the new 50
traveling which it is
my skin happily drinks it in
i've heard a lot about milk makeup
my friend had this
another love from this br
although this new br
is geared towards the younger crowd
this older women found it to be quite lovely
i keep it in the refrigerator
i also kept this in my purse while i was traveling
best anti-sleepy-eyes product ive ever used.
i like keeping it in the freezer
i got this in my july play box
i keep it in my refrigerator
i stuck this in my fridge
i got this as a gift
especially when i am on a plane
amazing for traveling/airplanes.
received it in my july sephora play box
my brother has really sensitive
i leave it in the fridge
i keep this on my bedside table.
it's my new fav thing
i even convinced my mom to buy it
made my dad try it
i nearly died of happiness when it was given to me as a gift to celebrate my graduation
i leave it in the fridge
also tell my friends
i gave it to her yesterday
she said she applied it all over her face
she loves the application
i keep mine in my refrigerator
i label read religiously
first heard of this br
as a teenager making minimum wage
i am a product junkie.
if i had to pick one beauty product
and then i met this baby.
now i am in my 40s
got me through a rough chicago winter
i live in a desert climate
my mother calls it our "cheap irish skin.
ive tried supermarket brands for the longest.
and happened upon sephora in a mall.
my esthetician just quit her practice
this is a miracle worker
i am always an "acne skeptic"
tried to switch to an organic grocery store br
original skin mask i knew i was hooked
i am 50yrs old
so glad i caved in and bought this product.
if you are a skin care lover
def got this one right
origins is definitely my all time favorite br
i've tried it with different br
i swear on my life this has helped my oiliness
have suggested it to all my friends
hubby and i both love it.
this is the first cleanser i have bought outside of department store br
i fell in love
bought this because everyone on youtube rants
it's my go-to br
omg i have found the prefect cleanser for my face never gonna change it
feeling like a newborn baby bottom
even my ud mascara which is quit difficult to get off
yet again tarte wins!
i am a 16 year old model
tarte has his the jackpot with this
i read a review of this online
this one is by far my favorite
this is by far my favorite
i swear by this
i am in love witn this product it is a must in my cleansing ritual
i would recommend this to friends
i got the two products as a gift
ive been suffering from acne since a little kid
my friend's sister worked for bare minerals
gave this to me as a gift
i've recently recommended this product to my mother
i would recommend it to my friends
i am a huge fan!
probably my most favorite
i looked up reviews
i am on my 3rd jar
i literally have baby like skin
that so many br
this worked wonders on my cracked skin after a trip to canada
cali i decided to go with this).
it kind of reminded me of champagne
at first i wasn't a fan
this oil was given to my mum as a sample
to this day her skin loves this oil
i am already in my 3rd bottle
i am on my fifth bottle of this incredible oil.
i am 28-years-old
ma passed away recently
night has reformed me
trilogy rose hip oil
it feels like i have baby skin when i wake up
i am 39 years old
almost reminds me of the nars body oil
night mixed with a couple drops of the sunday riley ufo
this oil is sent from heaven.
to the point it feels like i'm an alligator
after using it for a month i was convinced that this does miracles unexplainable to man kind
this is just heaven in a bottle
i tried this oil
this gave my skin life
wish it came by the gallon.
i am addicted to this
why i looked younger
for the longest time i didn't use it because i am a product junkie
this has saved my skin.
i found this while browsing on sephora online
was persuaded by good reviews
i ordered a big bottle
patted the oil in i sat next to the hubby
gasped "oh my god your skin is so soft
mother comments on how much brighter
of course i'm not one to hold back beauty secrets
save it for special occasions likeep weddings etc
unfortunately for me i happened to spill my bottle in the gym shower
i saw this in the store
please give it a shot.
this is a miracle oil.
you'll be glad you ditched your old routine
mother in law to be
clarins is my mom secret to age defying looks.
the girl at my sephora talked me into it
have been obsessed ever since
i fell in love
i watched a desi perkins video
she was talking about this
this product doesn't irate my skin at all
i wasn't paid or sent this product fyi.
it literally feels like i drank a gallon of water
bought this because every youtuber rants
it has definitely been a best friend to my face!
i first heard of this product on youtube by the beautiful desi perkins
i did my research
this is my favorite.
i forgot to write a review
my friend who has super oily skin
living in northern canada my face gets rather dry in the winter
definitely a holy grail item for me.
it really is like i drank a gallon of water.
please ignore my old email nickname
i just ordered some more of this bad boy
im on my second one
my doctor recommended i use cetaphil which was really greasy
led my eyes enjoy the spa
this has been a life saver for me.
boy was i wrong!
send them packing with this little gadget
i tried this little sweetheart
want my friend 1 she's crazy about it al
i didn't read the directions at first
like another reviewer mentioned
i received this adorable little guy last week
after having my son last year
my only con is when travelling
i must've got a faulty bottle
which was recommended to me in store
i swear there was makeup in my pores from when i was a teenager that it removed
fresh is my favorite br
originally bought for my mom
tried it myself when i was visiting her
im already hooked on it
im hooked on this
will prob be a staple from now on
this oil was recommended to me by a salesperson in the beauty department
a rep at my local sephora turned me on to this product
s down my favorite beauty product ever
i am 13 weeks pregnant
tarte maracuja oil for my mother as well because i am just
i am a 100% fresh fan girl
tatcha was my favorite - until i tried this!
power cream to my friends
definitely will recommend my mom
my friends to give it a try
especially from someone who lives in sunny hawai'i
this isn't the fountain of youth
was slightly confused because the directions were not in english
i am giving this cream 4 stars because i would recommend to a friend
my comments are my own.
i would recommend this to friends.
i tried many many high br
i've tried other expensive br
this is my first time trying the r
i took a plunge financially
my skii consultant recommended me to the rna line
after trying many br
my opinion is my own
i am brutally honest.
for me, this one is a winner.
i've tried just about every br
this is a new favorite
i am 37 years old
as i am new to this particular br
i heard that this br
i am picky with the br
s i use on my face
i am cheating the usage out of these a little
to the point where i was asking myself
i got the suggestion from msroshposh sc:roshposh1684
no lie no joke my coworker even saw it
these things are a carpool moms lifesaver!
as she explained the product i skeptical
the lovely makeup artist introduced me to these
even the employee helping me was amazed
i wish i would have listened to advice i was given to start a solid face care routine in my teens-early twenties
gives a fresh appearancenot a miracle worker
i am 21 years old
im close to finishing the product
i am in my 40s
these babies are insane!!
that i was born with
omg i noticed results instantly
sleep is a luxury that as a student researcher i simply cannot afford
i set it on my vanity
it is one of my favorites.
nothing that has become my holy grail
i got this in my gratis
i wanted to update my skin care routine
eye duty was already my fave as the cream form
i got this as a gift
i recently purchased this mask and oh my!!!
the lady working recommended this for me when i asked for a good mask for tired
i am a customer for life.
it's surpassed my expectations
my daughter loved it so much she bought one as well
the fab promos i've tried
makes ur face feel brand new once ur done.
i am a self admitted mask a holic.
live a pretty hectic lifestyle
this is one of my favorite masks.
i stocked up on this
i shop way too much online lol
i've fallen in love with this br
i wish this was recommended to me first!
however this is heaven!
glam life guru tati for recommending this product
because in my humble opinion?
is also the same age as i am
this is by far one of my favorites
i only gave four stars as it is not a miracle worker
my boyfriend commented that immediately after applying
i received this product in a "sephora's favorites" gift set from a friend
my friend noticed the difference immediately
i am not a huge mask person
recently traveled to el paso
this is by far my favorite
this cream is the dream of dreams.
when i tried this on my h
even my husband loves this bar!
i completely used one bar
i love this soap bar.
the best bar ever
i am a soap lover.
this is my personal opinion
i became obsessed with this product after one use
ive been loving putting that on my eyelids
i wish i had received the bronze out of curiosity
my sister is pretty fair
ever since i accepted that i moved to the desert
this is my favorite out of the estee edit products i received
after watching a youtube video i figured it out.
my opinions are my own
still a beginner makeup person
i like to use this with my too faced born this way foundation
not my ride or die
i like to use this with my too faced born this way foundation
not my ride or die
boy was i wrong.
plus it gave me such a great dewy glow my parents asked if i was pregnant
my opinion is 100% mine
i found that it gave me a sun-kissed look
it keeps me from looking too mate
i do recommend this for young women
my friends were asking me about my skin recently.
yes, this is my secret!
he was singing about this stuff
can be slept in
it sits in my drawer more than i use it.
i received a sample from a friend paler than even me
lwow i look 10 years younger
that is to die for
i am a glow girl
but man what a glow!
it will be my go to gift for friends & family!
felt compelled to leave kudos
when i tried this on my h
bought this because i saw a video of it from grav3yard girl
from the first day i tried i loved!!
okay summer favorite it firms
for us mature ladies
it works,no regrets!!!
this stuff is heaven in a bottle!!
a friend of mine who works at sephora surprised me with a sample of this
i happened upon this little gold mine
boy was i wrong.
after talking to an employee who really recommended it
the lady recommended this
i walked into my local sephora seeking advice
this is my favorite!
i am an almost-30 yr old woman
praise the lord and praise fresh.
i live in a cold region
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i went snowboarding over break
i would recommend this cream to my friends.
this has been my life saver
i live in a dry state
i live in the midwest
i am a clinique lover!
thank you fresh for making my holy grail line!
until i found this miracle in a jar
you can imagine yourself in rose garden.
it's as if you went to your rose garden
i never leave reviews
the lady at sephora showed me many different options
my commute is kind of long
my mom uses it
my sister uses this
ever since i moved to the dry texas heat a year ago from the humid southern mississippi/lousiana area
lives up to its claims
i gave a sample to my bestie
take my dog out
my piggy bank, that is.
i am relatively young
coming off of a diy wedding
i am a eye cream junkie
unfortunately my previous favorite moisturizer by kate somerville has been discontinued by sephora
my all time favorite !!!
i am a true fan of the drunk elephant products in general
give drunk elephant a chance
thats the thing that initially drew me to the br
especially in these hot florida summers.
so did my husband.
it was the first product that i used from drunk elephant
i should start by saying that i am an avid hydration lover
i opted to layer this on the advice of a sephora cast member who layered it with the drunk elephant lala retro cream
rave reviews about drunk elephant's products
i absolutely love drunk elephant because they formulate their products at an appropriate ph
'm that person who never writes a review
after the birth of my son hormones hit me hard.
i adore drunk elephant products
this is great for oily skin girls/boys.
along with trying other drunk elephant products
f you use the babyfacial by drunk elephant use this product afterwards
thank you drunk elephant.
mainly this bad boy right here.
from one northerner to another
smooth since i was a baby
i am thinking it will be fabulous refrigerated
after trying drunk elephant i regret waiting so long
i slept in this
this is my winter skin winner
after my disappointment with drunk elephant's lala cream
i wish i would have discovered drunk elephant years ago
i got it after a sephora associate recommended it
told the associate what i am interested in
that's why i decided to purchase philosophy instead of the belief aqua bomb
i buy this for my daughter
the girls at sephora recommended this
i never used the "old" formula
it is one of my favorites
i loved the old formula
makes me feel like i just walked out of a spa
she has combo skin
this has been a life saver
living in florida i come across the constant fight against humidity
this is one of my favorites
this has been my all time favorite
i am also a mask junkie
i am a mask junkie
one of the online promos
i followed the instructions
seriously folks.. this was my holy grail!
it looks like i've slept!!!
my busy life has taken a toll on my eyes
after i am done
bessstttt money i ever spent
i am a new mom and you know sleep comes last!
even tho im sleeping inside lol
feel i've found my regiment for now
i've never been to a plastic surgeon for my face
just for what even my hubby noticed this little sample did for my eyes
the first time i used it my colleagues at work asked me if i had used a new concealer
when i was a young man
my daily life activities
i've had tons of people tell me my skin is glowing
i tried this first in the soko to tokyo set
have purchased one for my mom as well
i got this in a sephora favorites.
right after i came back from a trip to asia
this isn't a miracle worker
i think people get thrown off since this is a korean br
the associate pointed it out to me
i am in my 40s
a sephora employee actually used this on me
boy she was right
i just received this in my august play box.
i wish i could swim in it
especially considering that i just wasted the last 2 months trying good genes by sunday riley
i tried this because there was a write up about it in a skincare mag
i recently moved to a much cooler
someone at sephora recommended this to me
i said i wanted a bottle of facelift
steve said he hoped i'd say that
i am now in my 50's
i told all my friends about it
this is a god send
a must in my book
nothing crazy like i got my 15 year old baby face back
luckily i have my friends
i first bought this product in june
my husband said my skin is glowing.
my boyfriend loves it when he reaches over for a kiss
i first got this as a 100 pt reward
prayed to the beauty gods that the full size would be worth it
she raved about this serum
as a skincare junkie i am so excited to add this elixir to my am/pm routine
that alone is worth 5 stars in my book
first of all im in my late 30s with combination skin
the powerful anti oxidating properties have been revered dating back to time of man?
i read an article on how this serum is made
this is just a dream.
ive been mixing this with my foundation
i know it says on the sephora website
i read the other reviews
ladies buy this product while it las you won't regret
i've recently switched to all cruelty free beauty
this gets the gold trophy
people were complimenting my face all day!
3 drops and i am in love!
i ordered this online
i felt like royalty opening it
i would never have spent this much on a face cleanser except that a friend pawned it off on me
i started to use it after one youtube blogger recommended
it's also cruelty-free, win!
i first heard about this from kathleenlights
at first i loved the dark glass
heard about this from kathleenlights
which was super unusual for me in june
this item was recommended by a friend
to a friend with normal/combo skin
bought this because kathleenlights said to use with luna 2
bought this because kathleenlights on youtube recommended it
i've gone through so many br
a sales associate recommended this wash to me after i told her i wanted to restock on my glamglow face wash
thank god it hasn't broken
i signed in just
everyone asks me my secret since i've used this serum
i am a skin care addict.
as i am getting older
this has to be one of my favorites
this is holy grail for me
as a lifelong skeptic of expensive
i am a gal that likes to switch up my products
i am a sunday riley fan.
i cry inside when i buy this
sunday riley is becoming my favorite product line
this is a dream cream
reason i gave it 4 stars vs
watch my video below.
since i love sunday riley
my skin has been reborn!!!
ethnicity is black/white
i am a total beauty junkie
but i decided to splurge and treat myself.
at first, i wasn't a fan.
my client noticed my face
i told her this little jar from sephora
ive tried it at night too
i got this as a point perk at the checkout.
this is by far my favorite
that's coming from someone who has sworn by la mer for years
i really liked neutrogenas hydro boost
someone directed me to this br
exercising or anything outside
i am a product junkie
i am totally converted
i would recommend to a friend
i am 21 years old
i fell in love
i never did as a teenager
/or partying more than ever
win/win.bravo clinique!
i want the old packaging back
made me into a lifetime customer of the br
because i would love to give her a giant hug.
jart micro water over the son
i read it and figured it was marketing b.s.
ive read reviews for this product
took this stuff down south to mexico for a vacay
very lightweight, so prefect for day time!
this balances me out.
i first tried it in a deluxe sample i redeemed with my beauty insider points
a sephora rep recommended this to me
was recommended this by a sephora rep
had become bored with the results
one of the girls in the store tested this on my h
first dr.jart purchase and i'm hooked!
i've even gotten my boyfriend to start wearing it
i received this as a point perk- love dr jart
i got it in my play box in november
it was a huge insecurity of mine.
fresh is one of my favorite br
fresh is one of my favorite br
the only con is that i am being a little obsessed by it
before i re-read the directions
holy cow was it worth it
got a promotion at my job
i took the advise of a sephora advisor
ed to the following benefits that i see in my skin:1
thank goodness i overcame my skepticism
i am pregnant and have had issues with dry skin.
i prefer to use mine before bedtime
my fave part is when people comment about having a youthful skin after using this amazing oil
which is a tall order considering i'm a sleep deprived new mom
the brave soul in me took the plunge
especially living in humid florida
this has been my favorite
i am loving my new face oil
that's the actual word my co-worker used
a bit later my h
i wanted to get it immediately as i'm an instant gratification kind of girl
ed it all over my face
it now has a reserved spot on my vanity!!
with all my heart
has made me a believer in this br
i amended my last post
i live in the south so my face loves to dry up on me
i am a buzz agent
i got a free bottle from sk-ii to try in exchange for my honest review
i am recommending this to all my friends.
my toddler managed to open the bottle
my male applied better
i would like to thank bzz agent
my face drank it up like it was dying of thirst.
have never been a fan of oils
the first day my coworkers remarked on how great my skin looked
that was enough for sk-ii to win my loyalty for life
i always amazed with the beauty of asian women skin
i currently live in south florida
i received this proxy for free from sk-ll for an honest review
i've had this since it launched in asia
this one is my favorite.
this is my favorite br
s down my favorite
thanks to a recommendation from a sephora team member
my face is like baby
this has saved my skin.
this has been a life saver
this was after having the worst sleep with my baby
i love this sleeping pack!
once i found this
i first tried this during a beauty makeover
co-workers stating i look younger
say hello to this product!!!!
read the first review
purchased this on a whim because i love dr
while vacationing at the beach
this product was recommended to me as i was coming off an ill-planned sunburn
i soon discovered that it worked
the associate at sephora told me some people store it in their refrigerator
in 5 minutes it's like my eyes drank coffee
i got it with the mia2 as a gift
the lady at sephora helped me find this
i took a chance with this after her recommendation
i am a young user
this is a great eye product to keep in a handbag.
i tried this on in the store
i just had to make a business trip
since i am very vain, i was desperate!
would refer it to any girlfriends.
i am all about age prevention since i am in my 30s
tired looking skin for a 20 year old
i think i tried the bodyshop
since skin cancer runs rampant in my family
i just wish i knew about this at an earlier age
the previous reviewer mentions the br
gifted this to my mom
long story short: it worked.
i am a rather active person
herbivore has changed the game for me
my fiance thinks it makes his skin tight
this bar of soap is my savior.
my teenager has been using it
check out the info yourself
i am obsessed with this mask!
i discovered algenist by chance
like the previous reviewer mentioned
it has completley changed my life
so when they came out with the japanese favorites pack
my 14 year old ❤️s this.
many girls her age are wearing a full face of make up
sephora had accidentally glued to an origins sample card
holy cow this really
it works like a freakin' dream
unfortunately for my wallet
i live in minneapolis where the winters are very harsh
i live in the city
this is one of the best serum ive ever tried because when i was a teenager
people guess my age as 10 years younger than i am
i am an asian beauty fanatic
an avid researcher when it comes to anything that goes on or in my body
this was my first choice
any big name luxury br
i also love the korean actress who created this line because her skin is amazing
t saves a little time
reminds me of the belif aqua bomb, very light.
it's been a favorite of mine for a long time
am terrified that i am going to drop the bottle
by far my favorite discovery of 2016.
watch my full video review for more info
i saw the video from the glow recipe girls
i got this after watching some reviews on youtube
i only had to use 1 for my whole fave
it's an age defender
clearly a ha ji-won fan here
this one is definitely a keeper!
thanks to 3 generations of women with beautiful skin
i wore a hat in my youth
i am a beauty junkie
literally my favorite primer.
this comes from korean actress ha ji won
the girl at sephora recommended this
i am 64 years ol with great skin
while in the sephora store
if i am naughty
i am not a primer fan usually
i am a beauty junkie
i am a beauty junkie
please give this unassuming product a shot.
working with children just about perfectly
one of my new favorites.
thank you jelly pack!
my fave primer ever
i ended up buying two lol..in love!
still am obsessed with this
i did my research
ivam currently using too face born this way which is ny everyday foundation
i went to an outdoor sporting event
so glad i found it while on vacation!!!
i saw a youtube video review & i had to try it.
thank goodness the awesome sephora consultant recommended jelly pack
the salesman suggested this product to me
t speaks volumes that i returned to do one
so glad sephora is carrying j. one.
purchased this product as my new bestie on a flight
my mom recommended this product recently
after i moved to boston
hidden secret for sure!
the price point can put a dent in ye olde wallet
it truly is a miracle worker
as i left the bathroom
the purple one i got from another site
as an almost 30 yr old that still suffers from the occasional
i agree with the reviewer below me
what is this witchcraft??
i am currently a student in esthetician school
or an old shoe
in regards to the one reviewer who gave it 1 star just because of the price alone
even my hubby noticed how nice my skin looked
which i spent a small fortune on during my battle with acne
follow what's on the box
never heard of this br
when i first found out i was pregnant
i came back to estée lauder when i was given this product as part of a gift set for christmas
had to write this review
this mask was recommended to me by an associate at sephora
she used the oil
hope yo get it soon
it was literally baby soft
i am a mask junkie.
one of my favorite masks!
i ordered this mask on a whim
will keep a jar in my home bathroom as well as my suitcase
your girl gets sweaty
my friend let me borrow this product from her
asked a ma at the store about new anti shine items
bought after tati raved about it on the channel.
i actually mentioned them in my first makeup tutorial video on youtube
i mixed it with my too faced born this way foundation
i didn't turn into a lizard
i work 12s as a nurse
ever since i started using this friends
strangers have been commenting on how beautiful my skin looks
i am only 24 years old
oh my i was missing out i'm only in my mid twenties
im sold and the results speak for themselves.
asked one of the girls for their personal favorite
is it a miracle worker- no!
at night i use it with my kate somerville age arrest eye cream
my mom is is almost 60
this is my favorite that i have found
on my 3rd one.
i love this for young women
my niece in her 20s loves it!!
this one is a st
i really never thought of a serum until i was talking to the cast member at my sephora who recommended this product
i gave it to my fiance who has normal/dry skin
drunk elephant is cruelty free
i just bought my second jar
drunk elephant is the one
i am approaching my forties
it was like someone photoshopped my skin.
thank you drunk elephant.
splurge one time on the de littles
probably because of birth control
before talking to my wonderful senior skin advisor i always thought i was oily
i fell in love
i absolutely love drunk elephant products
this is the only br
i stumbled across the drunk elephant line
i asked for advice
this was recommended from one of the workers in mn mall of america
ever since i entered my 30s
i've watched a few you tube videos where the creator educates/explains her line
i tried this from drunk elephants value pack
my boyfriend has also noticed a change in my skin after switching to de
the other women in my family are now hooked on this
i love everything from drunk elephant
i did find the fab first aid br
thank you drunk elephant!!
the other drunk elephants did not work for me
i will never go without this drunk elephant cream again
i still have my sample once im finish ill try to buy it
it has been a lifesaver for my skin
i am a big fan of drunk elephant!
i added lala to my routine.
i tried it in the store on my h
i love the entire drunk elephant line so much.
got myself a large bottle of it.
the whole drunk elephant line is amazing
canadian winter skin had been loving this lovely product
i know it is drunk elephant
i really like calling it drunken elephant
it's taken me years of shopping in sephora
this is by far my favorite
use the belief aqua bomb in the morning
this is my first product from drunk elephant
i started treating my face with drunk elephant products
have been loving this cream
i've had the old packaging
this one has been a st
so after some careful research i decided to try drunk elephant
after a long day of crying
the price per unit is a boogey man
then having spent all day at the dentist with some complications
no disco ball here.
yes, as others have mentioned, the tube is teeny.
i went to sephora got a quick consultation from the sweetest lady there
i've never written a review on here before
when i saw tigerlilly800s review stating that it burned her face- i had to chime in
went on to buy bronze because i got a tan
this is one of my favorite products of theirs
my mom tried a little
i got her obsessed on it too
friendly young woman i've ever met in a sephora
please put it in a tube, glamglow!
my favourite use for it was actually suggested by samantha ravndahl on youtube
i gave my sister the tub and she loved it.
was disappointed it comes in a tub
kind of wish i had gotten the bronze color
my boyfriend always notices when i'm wearing this product
the woman behind the desk said that i had the most beautiful glow
i received this in nude glow in my sephora play box
i hated the price tag
i am sad it is in a jar
which is why i gave it 4 stars
flash forward to friday when i finally decided to use this bad boy
man was i amazed
i received this in my march play!
i received the nude color in my sephora play box
then i mixed a little with foundation and omg.
my boss comments on how healthy
had my hubby order for me for christmas!
i don't think my under-eyes have looked this good since i was a teenager
thank you for the recommendation!
this is the baby of that hot mamma
like another reviewer mentioned
this along with sunday riley juno is my favorite oil
i never ever leave reviews
gave her regimen a shot
i just had a baby
i wish i'd found this yrs ago.
my mom said i looked 10 years younger since using this oil
great for midwest winter.
i got my mom hooked
she looks years younger honestly.
a bunch of other big name br
this balances me out.
congratulations to rms for having integrity
my friend has used this for years
have been a huge fan of rms beauty for years
have fallen in love
as a 33 year old woman
holy cow i feel so clean after i use this
boy was i wrong
i live just outside of new york city
i am a clinique superfan
i got this in my july play box
thankfully i found this one
not the biggest fan of clinique
this is fast becoming goat for me!
please clinque go cruelty free
received it in my july box
i agree with the other ladies
i noticed bamboo was in it
my teenage daughter and i love this!!
talked to this lovely consultant named roe who recommended this to me
it came as a free gift due to the beauty insider points
i fell in love.
i spent some beauty insider points
got this in my play box and am obsessed.
i read some reviews on it
i got mine in my play box.
is a great multitasker in a pinch
it's one of my favorite products i've ever received
i work in television
being a mom on the go
one of my favorite items from my february play bag
i applied it at 7:30am
as an ap/honors student
as does my boyfriend
got it as a gift for christmas
received this in my december playbox
the best: my female boss r
my fiancé noticed it
got this in october play box
have fallen in love
i found this product after reading about k beauty on byrdie's blog
then visited a sephora store to experience it
the best part has been with my 13 year old son who started to use this product after using a name br
i've rear reviews that its obnoxious
ma use to make for me
i received this in my october playbox
my town only has a sephora inside jc penny's
got this in my october playbox
i got it in my october play box
received this in my play box and i'm loving it.
this is about the only thing i like in my october play box
am shocked by all the negative reviews
it is a miracle worker
i revived this product in my october play!
it totally didn't work for my friend who also has oily skin
thank you sunglasses hut
i shop online at sephora.com 99.9% of the time.
gave what was left to a very oily coworker
this takes the cake
i read reviews before h
this is my favorite
i highly recommend products to my friends or coworkers
i honestly prefer this over the sf.
i found it in this
this is for an oily girl
who loves her glow while keeping her makeup in place
i fell in love!
i read the reviews on this
i am 27 yrs old
as an oily girl
was on the hunt
i am already hooked
this ine is so far my favorite
i fell in love
not 5 star for me
i fell in love
i recently became in love with charcoal products
this is one of my favorite items.
it saved my skin
my adult son asked me what i was doing to my skin because i glowed
but boy was i wrong!!!
i stumbled upon this product watching the great k
omg was this amazing
it has become one of my favorites
t is quickly becoming a favorite for when i travel
five stars from this chick!
seriously i was running my h
that's a personal pet peeve
i got this as part of my february 2017 play!
i live in hawaii
i received this in my january play box
i got this in my jan playbox
i got this in my january play box
received in january play!
that's another review to be written
i received this in my january play!
my skin is supper soft afterwards.
i received this in my sephora play box for january
other than give my family tons to chuckle at
as a very fair white woman
as soon as i move my h
i would absolutely recommend this to a friend.
my husband ended using it to.
it is one of my favorites
overall, this is a favorite of mine.
i am loving this mask
my niece wanted to try a the mask too
it stole some baby hair from my hair like
my friend told me about the plantscription line after i voiced concerns about my face looking a little aged lately
the results my lord
this beauty came into my life
my friends complimented me within a couple of days of use
i am on my third tub of this stuff
have already bought some for a fellow makeup fiend
have never written a review
have already recommended it to my sisters.
maybe i got a defective pump
let me first say i saw this on a blog called soko glam
started purchasing on amazon
i am a teenager who has combination skin
i originally bought my first one through a korean beauty website
the drunk elephant serum looks very nice
oh boy not this brand.
i recently got into k beauty
along side the son
i read the reviews for this
was surprised to find actual leafs in it
this one is my fav
was apprehensive about trying this
who introduced me to this
grateful to the sephora clerk who showed me this cleanser
it has reformed my skin
my 50 year old skin is loving it
so an associate at my sephora told me to try this
when i recently bought this mask
it's seriously magic, i was stunned...
this product lived up to
another josie maran product to add to my "ride-or-die" favorites
this is another winner
i am 50 years old
i am a big fan of kate somerville.
please see my two photos i have attached of each product
my fiance uses this with me
omg did it work
now i am hooked!
i live in the desert
i got this as a birthday gift from sephora
have no beauty rituals i abide by i try to keep up with my ole henriksen eye cream every night
i kept reading the reviews
he says it's h
the consultant i spoke with in the store told me it was actually created by two wives
she got it for me as a birthday gift
this is like holy grail for me now
my opinions are my own.
am in my 40's- just for reference
i tried it with the booster
i am 38 and strangers think i am a teenager!
my opinions are my own.
even though i already have my fave moisturizer from another br
i started this in november
kate somerville- i'm looking at you
so when i saw this online
i got this oil after a cast member used this on me for a makeover
i look in every nook
omly picked this up from a friend who worked at sephora
even my boyfriend sneaks in some uses!
i got this as a 100 point perk in december
coming from a person who tries to only use korean br
this is my favorite
i find them priceless!
i am a man who is very oily.
bought this on a recommendation from a staff member
i would definitely recommend for youthful skin- i am in my twenties
this one has been my favorite
i noticed another reviewer said it didn't work with her foundation
i returned my foundation
used my old st
i've always been a fan of this family of products
thank goodness for the lady at sephora.
after my last baby
go in for a kiss from my bf
this is my favorite part of my routine!
i got a sample of this little treasure in my august playbox
i am in my mid thirties with beginning signs of aging
i got this in my august sephora play box.
even had strangers ask me for the name of my moisturizer :
the night cream are my favorites forever age: 21
tried this at the sephora store
with a name this long
being am 46 years young i am grateful for this product year round
i found this at my jcpenney sephora
although not a miracle worker
i panicked and was told to check online.
i work in a hospital
in my early twenties
had no problem shipping to ontario at that time
went for it reading the good reviews
it defiantly mattifies like it says
i defiantly recommend it!
i thank her for it
i happened to glance at this product in store
an employee told me she's been recommending this like crazy lately
found this by accident
bought my 2nd bottle today thanks for working!
this is my new favorite
i am stashing it in my 'going out' make up
a friend i haven't seen in awhile complimented me on my skin
even at my age
i fell in love
because i'm giving one as a gift
i tried this in store
i got the ufo oil using my points
my skin had been acting up since my trip to mexico
drunk elephant have both literally saved my skin
when ssssssamantha videoed your skincare routine i knew i had to try it
i recently had the worst breakout of my adult life
then i saw a review of sunday riley products on youtube
i came across this ufo oil from one of my fave youtubers
it was a beauty reward this month
the hole deceased in size
i saw this product floating around on social media
i felt ashamed for all of junior high
without a single drop of makeup on since i was a child
ufo in the morning
my skin is crystal clear as if i was in 9th grade again
thank you sunday riley
edly changed my skin
my bikini line has never looked better lol!
my mom didn't even know i had changed my skincare routine
this oil saved me.
this is the stuff i've been dreaming about to combat it
i am 25 years old
thank you, sunday riley!
i am not a huge sunday riley fan
i saw a review of the ufo oil by someone who was having similar problems
the marula oil by drunk elephant have been a game changer for my skin
i would definitely take the advice that sunday riley offers
a skin expert recommended this to me and wow.
make me feel like i'm living a life of super luxury?
i read some reviews for ufo
mentioned my issues to associate kim
decided to give this br
i made the mistake of using this after using the de tlc sukari babyfacial
this is a holy grail for me
there was a rep from sunday riley there
i told her my struggle: i've had blackheads on my chin since i was 12
i am in shock!
this oil is a god send!!!!!
when i shared my concerns with a sephora rep she gave me a sample of the ufo oil
ive been recommending it to anyone who has expressed acne concerns to me
my friend told me about this
sunday riley's product have changed my life!
and this ufo face oil has been my savior.
at first i couldn't st
i finally am confident to walk out of my house wearing makeup
i even had an underground zit that was there for months
but boy, is this product a miracle worker!
since i was a kid i have always had normal-oily skin
i tried this on a whim after hearing amazing things
after having a conversation with the sephora stylist yesterday
sunday riley is my new favorite!
i am genetically challenged with that.
i heard about it through a beauty video
if your a hippie organic kind of girl
by far my favorite product!!
i received this in my april play box
this one is my favorite
this one is my absolute favorite
this mask lives up to its name.
that is my only complaint
definitely recommended to my friends!
this is my all time favorite mask!!
he's two years old
when i say this was my life
it was my entire life
i shared this face mask with my boo
i am considering getting the large jar for the year as my favorite new mask
this is my favorite brand.
loved the mask itself
my boyfriend commented that my skin looked nice
my mom uses it too
boy is this stuff amazing
that sparked my curiosity
have loved the rose mask
my skin freaked out.
it got very dry when i was in nyc
just after 1 trial my friend
this became my 3rd favorite fresh mask after black tea
stay glowing, friends x
man was i surprised
man it is expensive :
the reason for 4 stars
s when the sales clerk
she introduced me to this br
this is a true testimonial from a skin care die hard
he loves to mooch off of me when it comes to moisturizers lol
people actually stop me in stores
i am a tata cult follower
even when i go without my new illuminating friend
i love the name
well i have been using this br
i got a gift card from my job
i got this product in a gift set
i got this as part of my christmas gift
i got it from my friend
it wasn't until i stumbled upon this miracle worker
i've had dark circles since i was in preschool
god answered my prayers with this face wash!
i am a devoted fan of the belif br
comes with the ultimate gift of peace of mind
i am a big fan of cleansing sticks
im not much of a face wash junkie
i only learned about the ph balancing perk from reading reviews
it has a decent ph
boy o boy i'm happy that it was
was skeptic about spending the $$
this mask is the bomb.
i find after i use this mask
grew to love it within a day
i do wish it were cheaper since i'm a graduate student
i got this in the january play box
i received this in my january play box
i leave it on for about 20-25 mins
that warming sensation made me feel like i was in the spa
loved the warming feeling.
it plumped my 36, going on 37-year old skin.
i am in love with masks.
from day one i was impressed
my sister tried it too.
after a few minutes her skin looked beautiful
i grabbed this during an online holiday sale because i'm pretty much already obsessed with this br
i fell in love
i made the vow to really
i've always been faithful to a routine
this mask is my skin savior.
def feels nice after
i've got so many friends buying this after using mine
me being the dumb person that i am
except for when i traveled to la
now that i've been back in hawaii
would have been a detractor
i am retired military
by far my favorite cleaner!
i went on your website
i am a fourteen year old girl who is in love with this
this product is a miracle worker!
it's not a miracle worker
i ran out of a different br
she suggested this instead
my husband loves this too.
a friend recommended this to me
love this spot treatment!!!
boy was i exhilarated when i found out it's the same treatment from the good old days
i plan to give this to my sisters for a christmas gift
i love the highlighted look
a friend gave me this cleanser
am a huge fan of fresh products
i am not saying that my skin became baby soft
it's lost that young
after the 1st use this has become my favorite
it was recommended to me in store
i gave my daughter the rest of the sample
her skin also loved it
this has been heaven sent
as ren has become a part of my daily routine
it was suggested by a sephora employee in my area
she knew her stuff
30ish year old male with simple goals lol.
this one is definitely a keeper!!
omg this is a miracle in a bottle
i am obsessed with this
i am a poster child for adult skin problems.
my husband loved this as well when he tried it!
this is a keeper for sure!
say goodbye to your old favorite cleanser.
i feel like it's falling asleep
prior to discovering this one tatcha was my hg
it has become my new favorite.
i am one of the biggest skincare nerds you'll meet lol
this has become my absolute favorite.
i tried it at the store
my skin was literally br
watch the application video tho!
i couldn't stop touching my face lol!
i got this from my in-law who works at sephora
was greeted by a woman demoing this mask
i couldn't stop touching my h
had her apply it to my face i am hooked
my teen daughter tried it
more glow-y than my 18 year old skin ever did
i caved in and splurged.
i am 51 years old
the wonderful ladies at sephora helped my son pick this one out for me
just when i thought dr
maybe a few in my refrigerator
i went into sephora to buy some makeup for my wedding in january
the lady did up my whole face with products i wanted to purchase
my boyfriend loves using this!
i love this mask and so does my boyfriend!
bought this because i saw a youtube review on a similar mask
huge fan of this product
i got this for my sister
have fallen in love
i am a mask junkie
this is the coolest
the residue thats theft on the skin is meant to stay on
everyone will be getting one for xmas!!
forgot i had it
i saw a video of this mask online.
t ambassadors at my favorite sephora store show me how to put it on
this is the craziest
i gave it to my parents
he's never taken care of his skin
with the results with my parents
i shared it with my two sisters
one of great ladies at the oshawa store did a treatment in store on the back of my h
this is my new favorite
now that i am 25
❤ this mask is a trip
i am a complete mask junkie
this one is by far my favorite
having seen the videos
i am obsessed with face masks
this was the coolest mask ever!!!
it saved my skin
this has to be one of my favorites
it doe just that
i am a self proclaimed spa junkie.
my mom offered this when i was at an emotional breaking point
this litterally saved me
most of all i'm not hiding from my boyfriend.
definitely recommend it for pre wedding or prom or any photo of
i am an at-home mask girl and hydrafacial girl.
or i can just force my bf to mask with me every time
my new favorite mask!
i wake up with lovely
by my face is loving in
i read the other reviews posted
i got this as a promo and fell in love with it.
i hit the jackpot with this cleanser
i am not a veggie person
calmest after using this
the girl told me i would fall in love
then the youth to the people
i am obsessed with this face wash.
i am trying this and another fave wash.
so my first time of even hearing of the br
knew i had to try it because the packaging says kale
also love that it's vegan and cruelty free!
i stumbled upon youth to the people's kale
it came in the cutest little bottle.
i always bought my face wash from the drug store
i am also a 26 year old nursing student.
even my husband is in love.
i wish this br
i got this for christmas and fell in love.
restaurants that used to never id me
would definitely recommend this to a friend.
in fact, i just bought it for my mom for xmas.
fyi: i am now 63 yrs old
still look 22 yrs younger from taking good care of my skin
which is why i gave 4 stars
i got this recently
this has leveled my ph
cruelty free which is a win win
i love the bottle and that it is vegan!
even my bf noticed how soft my face was
i love that its vegan
they have a lifelong customer in me on this one.
i got it at a local juice store
mine feels like heaven.
put this on my christmas list
got it as a gift from my mother
i recently discovered this br
i love the this br
pampered after using this
i think it was january
t works for me
after reading a few reviews i really paid close attention
it straight up smells like a funeral home
i got this in my january play box, and i love it.
i mean i wasn't devastated
she could've held my h
our group of friends melded into one
she kept a toothbrush at mine
sweaters she got me
even the freshest af1s that she copped for me for my birthday
none of my friends knew that i was crying everynight from 12 am
please note the morning cries were way shorter
definitely would recommend to a friend who's in relationship problems
animal cruelty free is huge for me
this serum has literally saved my life.
only drunk elephant serums gave me some improvements on my skin
in connection with the sunday riley squad goals set
my evening routine is just the sr one
"am i putting salad on my face?"
girl do i look fresh
doing yoga 6 times a week healthy
i am a natural redhead
since my tween years
my mom swears up
i think this is my new holy grail.
nose go "bye bye"
as i'm sitting in my doctors office
ordering i decided to read some reviews
in my bathroom lighting i was like oh my
i've always been insecure about it
i tried this on a whim and i'm in love!
was recommended this by a sephora employee who had over 10 years working with makeup for japanese
i got with in my sephora birthday gift order
just ordered my first tub!
i found that for me
which i loved for the longest time
when i got pregnant
my skin freaked out
i finally can go to the grocery store without feeling self conscious about my skin
this was suggested to me
after the girl put some on me i literally almost cried
my sister was in the store with me
i ran to my roommate's room
i wore it alone
bye bye foundation with no success
was embarrassed by it
my boyfriend hates when i wear foundation
looking like i was ill
worked for mac back in the day
she showed me this product
it has become my holy grail
i am an it girl
have lived with red cheeks since i was a teenager
as i am a walking ghost
i given this as gifts
i am the fairest of fair
has become a "can't live without" eternal favorite product
i tired this at a store on a whim
was amazed by the results
then i buff it out with the other side
ma give it a 5 star
lawd jesus they grew overnight!
im dead serious my skin care routine hasnt changed besides using this
i love this product i am on my 3rd bottle!!
i am a huge fan of dark liner
i am about have through my jar
i am a fan of the br
this product is a winner in my book.
impurties for me to not go to bed feeling guilty about my skin routine
or the club equivalent
i am a big fan of it cosmetics
on yoga days i wear it alone
try it, this one's a keeper :-)
my favorite primer yet.
bye bye foundation by it
first things first... i'm an officer in the army.
as someone who works at sephora
which is why i gave it 4 stars
my 25th birthday is around the corner
i work graveyard shift
am amazed by the results
seriously the name says it all.
i became like a new person!
or maybe the person i am originally..lol.
such a win in my book.
it really depuffed my bags
even my mom was impressed
my skin type is forty year old with three kids going through a divorce
a genetic trait that i wish my dad hadn't passed along to me
my husband used it and was also impressed.
ive found a new love
even my mom commented it on it!
grant me eternal youth
make me fluent in french?
i am in my mid-twenties
hadn't found one i loved until this eye cream
this is my personal testimony
i got a sample of this at sephora bc i was desperate to fix my newly discovered dry flaky skin
idk how i survived without this.
i am 27 with combo
i tried it when i did a makeover in the store
now i swear by it
i received a trial size and was nervous.
have already recommended this to my friends
also love the name
i fell in love
this product has my vote for life.
justified in my opinion
this is definitely my new holy grail!
my face drank this up
i just purchased two more for family members.
i am a product junkie
i am in my 30s
after the 1st time i used it i was impressed
this is by far my favorite
i ordered this and i love the immediate results.
like evidence of my age i guess
i may have found my fountain of youth!
(notice i said myyyy fountain of youth.
recently got hooked on it cosmetics
i used my favorite br
i am 24 years old.
forever staple in my routine.
after twenty years of being a master esthetician
had to buy another lol
this is a miracle in a jar
it is the ultimate multitasker
i am going through my horrified weeks of adult acne
i fell in love with dr
this cream has been a miracle worker for me.
i then read reviews
a sephora employee recommended this to me
i lived in korea from 2013-2016
i remember seeing dr
did my own research about him because i was curious after being attracted to his packaging
i am a cream junkie
omg this is miracle
this will be your best friend
i am 32 years old and have combination skin.
only purchased after i became pregnant
i live in new engl
this has been a life saver for me!
this was recommended to me at the store.
i quit the two cold turkey
as someone who reads reviews religiously
scoff at the person
test it out first lol
summer here in korea was so hot this year
the woman in sephora helped me pick this out after i had told her i wanted moisture
this cream saves my life.
when i was searching in store one of the staff told me the history behind tiger grass
i've recommended this to all my friends !
i love this cream to death.
not that im pregnant
a sephora employee raved about this cream to me when i asked about a good night cream
i chose this one
this product is a keeper!
i recently discover ceramine cream of this same br
i tried it as a st
a student aka no sleep
the pictures speak for themselves.
i went in the store
she recommended me this product
this reminds me of tiger balm
i gave up that br
when i saw that this launched in korea a bit ago
the tiger grass story is actually a well-known story in asia
my friend couldn't believe i wasn't wearing foundation in the selfie i sent her
i shop here a lot
this cream has saved my life.
this is my favorite product i've ever bought for my skin
an employee recommended this to me due to my sometime breakouts
even my friends noticed
i would definitely recommend to a friend
when i was pregnant
this was a life saver
even still, a holy grail for me!
it was recommended to me by a friend
she told me she uses it instead of foundation
the lady at the store i went to was so sweet
my best advice to people who want to try the cc treatment
in one of her youtube vlogs she talks about this product
my daughter told me my skin looks good since i've been wearing this
now i am obsessed wit it!
now i don't have to cake on foundation
which is great for me because i am a swimmer
i went with the reviews
i made my 18 year old try it too
never has been a sun worshiper so her skin is beautiful
she does have exzema on her face
i am a makeup artist
i followed a recommendation for it on a magazine's blog
i am a fan of dr
the lady at sephora told me that they key is in application
would spend the $$$ anyday!
i received this as a gift for my birthday
remembered i had this
i left mine on the shower ledge
i got this as a reward
i never leave reviews
am currently obsessed with it
am planning on buying this for my squad
i watched the video
i am hooked now
please read the directions i place pea size on my fore head
have never regretted my decision
as i side note
i feel like i am flying through the container
definitely the best one in the br
newborn babies are jealous of my skin.
leave a weird film on my skin
i love wearing lashes
i did another halloween makeup: torn skin showing alien scales
as other ladies mentioned
this also helped my moms skin look back to normal after having to do chemo
i got a few gift cards for christmas
hearing about it from gothamista on youtube as well
this skeptic is a believer now!
this mask is a lazy girls dream (me).
boscia is fast becoming one of my new faves!
used this baby once
s became 10 years younger
and while web surfing, found this one.
got it for my mom and she loved it.
my husband and i both use it.
i am a huge caudalie fan
i wore this to bed and loved the results.
i am 33 years old
i started to botox 3 years ago
it's been a year i didn't due to my pregnancy
my quest is over
– which my school girl french tells me means “redensifying cashmere cream” which i think better describes the soft to the touch feel that you get
like i was back to college!
i recently discovered this cream
i loved it so much i got one for my 61 year old mother who now swears by this
i am in my 40's
lol at the time
i am a former sephora employee
worked there 3 years then went to esthetics school
brought it with my on vacation to fl
the entire ethos of the br
it had been a life saver this winter.
the girl helping me has always recommended amazing products over the years
this year my old cream + oil combo just wasn't working
the consultant at sephora pointed me to this
have literally spent thous
it was life a blessing in disguise
everything this company st
after discovering this product i've also got a coworker
good girlfriend hooked on it
i went to the store after a girlfriend recommended the product-- was hesitant when other recommendations suggested that the product had a smell--
by the way this is my 4th jar =
i've hooked my friends of other skin types
i also love the br
my heart was leaping for joy
i gave a jar of this to me aunt a few weeks ago
i read balm to oil and was intrigued.
i received this product as a gift from my best friend
this product is a dream
a friend of mine told me about this product
i’m in my mid-twenties
a friend pointed me towards this company
i ordered after reading the reviews
perfect for dry underage area.
i also love the ethics of the company
go to lxmi's website and read their story.
i feel like a queen of the nile or like an egyptian goddess after putting this on
i tried this br
i like their helping women
i am a product junkie
i am an avid runner
bought the melt right before my kitesurfing trip to barbados
when on an airplane
it is one of my biggest insecurities
even my 16 year old daughter noticed
i stopped in my sephora store with several "complaints" about my skin
the sephora lady put this on me
my undereye skin looks like it did 10 yrs ago
this stuff is in my sephora cart as i write this
a sephora associate grabbed a sample of this with my birthday gift
i think i used this for 6ish weeks pre-wedding
by my wedding day my eyes looked amazing
i am in my early thirties
made a review video on my youtube channel
i am a loyal kate somerville consumer
i went into sephora vaughan
a trip to san diego where the air is dry my skin was so angry
it lived up to the hype
as i said, this set is a superstar!
the biggest lesson i had to learn
one of my friends turned me on to thio plex
dont get the best sleeps
i am 34 years old
boy did i make the best decision
i already love the br
etc all the ones everyone on youtube has
the salesman suggested this one
ive only been using this one
it was recommended to me in store.
definitely a keeper for me.
it was never published
'm coming off of a vacation to the blue lagoon in icel
the cream on my loves list for when i get another gift card/ present
mother who find the quality of the product very luxurious
i used it on her
my skin is a sensitive diva and it loves this!
you can find her as gothamista on youtube
where i am oiliest
gentle is the name of the game here
it lives up to its name
i just put it by my fireplace
for you young ladies out there
happy i found my fountain of youth lol it really put my baby wrinkles to a halt
which i have a huge pet peeve for
i used it a few times and i am hooked!
i used it after doing the kate somerville exfolikate intense
after speaking with a sales associate named
definitely recommended to my friends and family!
flaky because i hadn't taken care of it while i was sick
stick to this one for the whole family
my 6 month old son recently broke out in a rash on his body
i can used even with my babies
i am 41 yrs old and no one believes me!
this cream has saved me!!
i am 30 years old
i literally remained amazed
dr roebuck, you now have a long time devotee...
have had it with me living in australia
started using it when i lived in sydney
so the stuff is the bomb
my husband uses it too!
was using the drunk elephant juju bar before
not too sure about the bar counterpart
that i have in my drawer
the soap is a stand alone miracle worker!
ive used it twice so far
okay i just received this detox
this was my first time trying the br
so what's my verdict?
i will be gifting this item to all my gf's this year for christmas/birthdays
my mom is a huge fan of his skincare
i got this set for my vacation to hawaii.
my opinion is 100% mine
i know what i'm asking santa for this year...
i fell in love
my sister actually tried to take mine because i was telling her how good it works
worker at sephora recommended it
i'll deff be ordering more for myself
i wasn't sure about this duo at first.
the cleansing bar is probably my favorite part.
i loved this cleansing duo more than i expected.
received this product just in time when i quit using my medication
ive fallen in love with this way of cleansing
i recently moved to a new area
this was a gods sent product
erno lazlo sending me the amazing vox box as a complimentary gift
match to find your perfect duo
i loved the packaging to me that was bomb
my only complaint is after using the bar
i love this duo
i ended up loving it
this was my first time trying this br
i never heard of this br
i also love the bar
the soap bar i am blown away by
lived in a small town
when i was in high school
my mother drove to houston to purchase this skin care
there is a good reason why my mother drove 3 hours to buy this line
found out after i got this to test that my mother in law uses it all the time
i just ordered the sensitive edition for my boyfriend to try out
was immediately intrigued by the cleansing duo
i am a huge fan of cleansing oil
actually enjoyed the experience of the duo
i will be i lifetime addict!
balance its ph as claimed
which is great if you are married
my first experience with this br
this one has become a favorite
i loved the bar
i am now a fan of erno laslo thanks to influenster
i would definitely recommend it to friends/family
and met all my expectations definantly recommend.
i love it it's amazing i'm a student esthetician
my face felt br
this is by far my favorite.
i shyed away from it because i'm a busy mom
i am in love with the double cleanse theory
i love this face bar
it comes in a cute travel container.
i followed the instructions
i did the latter.
which is my favorite of the box
a lot of my friends also noticed this.
opinion is my own
living in the city
i received trial size of this duo in a 'bonus bag' at christmas from sephora
giving away for christmas presents
boy am i glad i did
at first i was skeptical- oil
i just came back from a trip in spain
i love this duo!
it is now in my shopping cart!
in exchange to my honest opinion*
i found that the oil
i can't remember the last time i used bar soap.
t looks great on your bathroom counter
given his high st
my opinions are my own
the bonus is a gorgeous travel box
i fell in love
this fits great in a luggage bag
i love his set!
great for my age
this duo is this best !
say goodbye to those blacks heads!!!
ive tried everything under the sun
i fell in love
sorry for the essay
browsed the internet for half an hour
i love the belif br
i pray they never discontinue it
the girl who works there recommended this one
i am a huge skin care junkie
i don't know what sorcery or witchcraft this was created with
ive been searching for the perfect eye cream where it depuffs
my husband and daughter both use it and love.
can't live without it in my household.
when i first heard about this product
especially with xmas gift cards
my friend recommend eve lom time retreat.
i am 56 years young
this is my first time wrote the review
the reviews were great so bye bye 36 dollars!
brought it on vacation
i've personally texted several of my friends with the same problem as me
i saw this product online
bought it when i was crying in pain
s from playing with my new kitten
mpressed: i tried honey savior on my elbows first
after my swim workouts
so hs lasts a long time
i already use sephora's own br
this has worked miracles
this stuff is an effing miracle worker.
as another reviewer stated
if i'm speaking my absolute truth
when i read some reviews on sephora
i received this as my 100 point perk
i got mine with 100 points rewards
i waitress & my hands get so dry in the winter.
i read some odd reviews of this
i am here to debunk them
i regretted it the moment i opened the super cute packaging
this latest honey savior salve is for me the biggest star of the line
i injured a part of the skin on my h
like a wedding or prom
also quite compulsive about washing my h
i always dismissed people saying this beforeh
after i apply my foundation
probably my current favourite br
i got it from the rewards bazaar
i got a small bottle of this with a gift set for my birthday
i passed by my husb
like one of the twilight vampires
i love using it with a very bronze summer look.
was thinking that i'd glow like a christmas tree
so surprised at the comments.
i got this item on a whim with my points from rewards bazaar
going out at night; prom.
i got this from my sephora rewards
after reading the reviews i was hoping
so i gave it to my daughter.
i tried this in-store
puffiness that i have considering i am a college student
i am also prone to millia
i am 45 years old.
this is one of my new favorites
i am a big fan of the lancome visionnaire line in general
all opinion is my own.
it was by far my favorite item in the box
report back on my thoughts of the product
bravo on this one
for my mom too
t was perfect for travel
i noticed i looked more awake
as a student in grad school
this is a great multitasker!
i received this eye cream for free for my honest opinion
it wasn't a miracle worker for my dark circles
i used over my drunk elephant products
my favorite new addition to the black tea family
i am already a fan of the black tea overnight mask
good bye laugh lines.
it worked a miracle on my "elevens"
i never leave reviews
i am 35 with fine lines
talk about a life saver that i came across this
ill leave you with this
this product was tested on my mom who is in her mid-70s
it's on my youtube channel, mytopthingsss.
after a year of using drunk elephant
recommend it to my friends
this is one of my favorites
who judges a book by its cover?
dg sent me a 30 day supply for me to use
i wear it under my born this way foundation
under my ud all nighter
box this month and boy do i love it!!
got this in my june play box- wow!
i live in the desert
i am quite the product junkie
my new everyday favorite!
i read a few comments stating that this was extremely glittery
omfg its been a dream
after a sephora artist recommended this i find myself reaching for it every day
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i am lazy about my skin care routine
man was i god when i found this at first i just saw that it was rose scented
boy i lucked out
in fact i've bought other br
y while traveling abroad
my skin has thanked me, though.
i even bought some for my sister to try!
after i used it it disappeared i love this product
bought this while traveling
spur of the moment sleepovers
as a senior college student i take sleep when
made my skin just like a baby
my dermatologist told me that we tried everything she had possible
when an advisor showed me this product in store
it made my face look amazing on photos.
this is one of my favorite skin care item.
this bad boy addressed all of those issues in minutes
meet me up for dinner asked me what i used
how this line was developed for pregnant women
i left it on for 15 mins it's
as a die-hard skincare junkie i rarely give any product five stars
this one earns it
by the way it was the drunk elephant night serum that i was allergic to
seriously rescued my skin from breakouts
i think i first heard about this from chloe morello on youtube
first impression or favorited by her.
sorry can't remember the name atm
im so happy i had a deluxe sample of this to rescue
bought the first one in my home town
i followed the instructions
i recently got home from a vacation to arizona where i had applied sunscreen to my chest
"...well holy smokes it was amazing!
definitely going into my medicine cabinet!
as a ny resident the winter can be brutal on my skin
i am a ren freak.
this has become my holy grail
i tried the night cream and i wasn't a big fan.
one of my favorite products for my face!
s like drunk elephant
this is the bomb.
saves time in the morning and saves money!
i tried ir for three days i could say i hsd to run
my daughter made an appointment to have our makeup done
the artist used this as my primer
one of the mua overheard me saying a hydrating
i literally have 0 words for this
hold the phone friends!!!
i am a huge fan of roloxin lift
my special occasion go to product!
i live on the east coast
she immediately suggested this
murad city defense is my favorite
i got the travel size for my vacation
i received this product in my april play box.
bag and i love it!
after trying many br
i honestly had the biggest doubts when a sephora rep recommended this to me
i received this in my april play!
this thing is heaven-sent
i received this in my april sephora play beauty box
just my friendly opinion.
it reminds me of the dr
one of the girls recommended this to me
it freaking changed my life
saw one of my beauty influencers talk about this on her youtube channel
i received this in my april play!
i fell in love
i go this in my april play box
i received this in my april playbox.
i received this in my april glam bag
wish it had an spf.
a must for people of all ages.
by sephora bag and i love it!!
all i have to do is buff this out
i've used it on friends from light to tan
i am a huge fan of dr
i can travel with it in my purse
a keeper in my makeup bag.
once she blended it wow
i want to test it out on my sister who is quite a bit oiler than i am
i deducted a star for that
especially when i'm about to take pictures with friends
except for this gem
i work as a preschool teacher
i am an oily girl
this is great to carry in my purse .
i saw this product online
i am absolutely astounded that after 6-8 hours of applying the blotting perfector
i saw this online
i just got this product in the mail
i am obsessed with this mask.
like another reviewer started
glad i tried it.. my new fav cleanser.
i even use it on my daughters excema.
it is my go to product as a mom!!!
i want instant gratification
i got this as a christmas gift
the girl tried this stuff on me
i just bought my 2nd bottle
i won this from the origins canada instagram page
my t zone was baby smooth
i've always loved the checks
art least i think
she brought me to this
i decided to try babyfacial after reading the rave reviews
i love my baby face.
thank you drunk elephant!
i am an avid skincare lover
expecting this mask to be an $80 taboo
granted me the best skin in a while
i love how it comes with a mini bottle of the drunk elephant oil too
one of my favorite beauty gurus bragged about this product
smh boooy was i wrong!!!
i remember went to the dior section at nordstrom to color match my skin
they thought i was wearing foundation
've been in love with the drunk elephant products
just listen to the instructions
when they bought other natural br
like the worst i'd had since i was a teen
am now a huge believer in drunk elephant
this is the discovery of the year for me!
i've never written a review on here
u get what the company claims
my skin has been throwing the worst tantrum
oh man did it burn
when i was checking out the girl told me i should try the drunk elephant face soap duo
this one is my favorite
the name on it "baby facial" because it really gives you baby skin
thank you drunk elephant for this amazing product
this mask just does my face justice
thank you drunk elephant for this mask!
my stylist asked if i changed my foundation
finished it off with the drunk elephant lala retro whipped cream
as an avid skincare fanatic since my early teens
it wasn't my favorite
at first, i was a skeptic of this.
after my 2nd use
it is my experience with this br
as with every other product offered by drunk elephant
all the credit goes to drunk elephant
i am now obsessed with drunk elephant.
this was the first product i tried from the drunk elephant line
when i was talking to the foundation girl she told me to try this product
she told me the product was "life changing".
i still wasn't wowed
this is my first time ever writing a review
can you hear the angels singing?!
that i am sephora employee
so this is basically my goodbye letter to all my money
i love pretty much all drunk elephant including this one
i got so excited when this new drunk elephant product came out
i am a drunk elephant junkie
i went on vacation
lives up to the hype
ever since i was 12
i love love drunk elephant
omg has it helped
my friend bought this first
it is one of my favorite br
admired it for a minute
i recently moved from the west coast to the midwest
i am a luxury skin care junkie
when i first heard about it
i didn't pay much attention due to my other experiences with her oils
never felt like a product deserved holy grail status
i am older now
especially @ my eyes
my skin was suffering from a pretty crazy breakout after having used a couple drunk elephant products
my skin is 45 years old and combo.
but this, is gods gift.
i love that josie added even more "parts" of the argan nut/tree
loved this after first application.
i am a huge fan of all her oils.
think i will stick with her body
spent my birthday on a 2 week caribbean vacation
this is one of my favorites from her-- incl
love the bottle thanks josie
i am loving this oil
i initially had a burning sensation
hence minus one star
like i've been on vacay
my ten year old daughter is starting to use it
this is the product that started my love affair with sunday riley
only complaint is i wish it had spf!
when i went to visit a sephora store
i live in the desert southwest
this is my first time writing a review
i experience all 4 seasons
i am floored with sunday riley products.
i am an extremely frugal person
after watching one of my favorite youtubers rave about it
well done sunday riley!
my husband always knows when i'm wearing it.
this is just a miracle in a bottle
the sunday riley line has only been beneficial
we recently moved from the very dry midwest back to the very humid southeast texas coast
i must say i have finally found my holy grail
despite being a rouge member
a sephora associate recommended this to me
my gentleman friend took me out for my birthday
this was a total god send.
i reaaallyy wanted to like tidal
so when i heard ceo was coming out i needed to get my h
omg i fell in love
good genes for my night routine
thank you sunday riley!!!
the drunk elephant vitamin c that everyone raves about completely broke me out
loved this from day one
sunday riley has yet to disappoint!
then decided to read reviews
sunday riley is quickly becoming the only br
was missing the skincare benefits that sunday riley has
i spend alot on luxury skin care
sunday riley has never disappointed
this is staying in my bathroom always
this is one of my favorites
thinking i was using her professional products
it didn't overdraw his face
i love this fave wash!
this one is a keeper.
soooo, she suggested this and i'm obsessed!
ard practice for me
a happy spending accident in my opinion!
i am so happy sephora carries skin laundry now!
leaves my face taught
this was recommended to me
a friend gave me her jar as it hadn't worked for her
despite her sisters swearing by it
i worked for an upscale dept store cosmetics line at a young age so my skin is better than it could be
i first became obsessed with la mer about a decade ago
ed to my skin's look today
its great to see sephora carrying this br
i splurged 3 months before my wedding
by far my favorite
i am a skin problem child
i used it years ago when living in santa cruz
i did inherit my father's
not wearing bb cream or any coverup cause my skin looked that bomb
i am 49 and this has saved my skin.
at 47 i've finally found my skin savior.
my good friend who is in her mid 30's
could pass for being in her early 20's has been using this since her 21st birthday
i get mistaken for my late twenties
finally my hubby felt bad that i was so upset about my skin that he got me the 1 oz
my 80 year old gr
mother has the skin of a 30 year old
tell her i made the switch
it was around this time i saw sephora was carrying la mer
i got it in the ceo set
i put this on my christmas list
i am obsessed with skin care.
i used this for years when i lived in dallas
i enjoyed the products in my 20s
i went to do my facial last sunday
i am 30 years old
i fell in love
i get carded again.
my mom loves it
my 40 year old daughter is mistaken for my mother
my skin looks like a magazine photo.
this little jar does resuscitate my skin.
i read a review of this in one of the beauty mags
i assumed it was usual beauty editor hyperbole
female 20 yrs old normal to dry skin
my only problem was the size of the tube, lol.
i just recently had my son
i love him to death
nothing harsh which is great because after his birth i have a nose like a hound now lol
like i mentioned before
the coverage is lovely
i tried this product at the recommendation of beautybybenji on youtube
that was the best voxbox ive received
i just finished a 9 month course of accutane back in december
i got my mom to try it out
s down a go to product every beauty addict needs to have in her arsenal
i originally thought this was a primer
thoughts are of my own
was confused at first
i am an oily beast
i am getting married this summer
however i wish it was cruelty free
all thoughts are my own
my best friend asked me what i was using
i told her about this product
this opinion is my own
shiseido has always been one of the top br
boy am i glad i tried this
i wore this as a bridesmaid this past weekend
for a long wedding day
say goodbye to blotting papers !!!
it smells like a caribbean vacation
this grew on me.
but overnight it is a miracle worker.
boy, i was wrong!
i wish i found this earlier.
i hit the lottery when i discovered biossance.
it for every age group too
ladies this is holy grail for every body
i love this br
just what men like.
i seen this product in a magazine
i also recently had a baby
my mother was very strict about what age i was to start wearing makeup when i was young
the missing star is for packaging
this is a god send
my eye bags were genetically given to me.
i even bought my mom one for mother's day!
by time i am prepped
with this eye cream i am a believer!
now i am no stranger to biossance products
ever since high school i have been the geek that stays up all night to study
my bad sleeping habits continued throughout most of my adult life
i am a huge fan of face oils
i tried this one based on the 5 star reviews
i am mixed race
apply my cake face
i spent all of july fighting it with no results
the girl behind the counter told me that i would "love it
i initially got a sample from my birthing center
i can't believe that sephora is now carrying this br
just don't leave this out bc every woman in my family tries to steal it from me
after discovering this gem
one of my favorite new finds.
my friends would comment on how my skin looked radiant
i keep it in my purse
i took this gold
it's been a miracle worker
from an ad on facebook a few months ago
this oil was my answered prayer.
i've featured this product on my facebook
i actually used this on my belly when i was pregnant
this was my life saver.
this has become my favorite
so this stuff is my one stop shop
i got this as a gift
before i discovered this, i was a cetaphil girl.
i used this oil a ton when i was pregnant
the nourisher since i saw an ad somewhere
my daughter first got me this about a year ago
my daughter always commented on this when she was young
i live in the midwest
i live in the south
it has been a life saver
one of my favorite products ever!!!
even in my late twenties
i wore it on vacation while in hawaii
every year i go skiing
this is the first year i didn't come home with ski goggle tan lines
i wear it religiously
the lovely girl helping me offered me a sample of this also
the girl at sephora saved my life.
which is a great feat for a mom with a toddler who has never been a fan of sleep
my opinion is my own
i am going to have to pony up for a jar
as a new mom i'm always tired
recommending to all my friends
i first purchased it at the international airport
i am a critical care nurse
inside the box al
i am 44 years old with a combination type skin
it's not a miracle worker
this opinion is my own
this opinion is my own
i am 29 years old
in general i love this br
crows feet so to speak
i am a sahm of a very active 2 year old.
foundation go on like a dream
it's a must have in my house.
i am 33 years old.
i've even gotten my husband to try it!
i must say for a prestige br
i am seriously in looovvvveee
all my thoughts are my own
it has replaced my old st
will be telling my girlfriends about it
thank you for beating out genetics, ole!
this product was the star of the show
i am praying this makes a difference
i originally bought it for a friend
i am 33 years old
after i visited my doctor
a nice sephora worker did a facial on me by using this product
i am always on the hunt for a new
this was recommended to me by an sephora employee after telling her about my acne problems
i've always produced a lot of oil in my face/hair area since i was a teen
i am happy i gave it a shot
not to mention, bye bye oil!
this is in strong competition with my reigning favorites
this one is by far my favorite
in loooooove with ole henriksen's balance collection
ole henriksen sent me this cleanser in exchange for my honest review
ole henriksen now my friends bought too
my skin literary started glowing
as a 30-year-old woman i can say i've never been more excited to wash my face in my life
by far this one is my favorite
in place outside in a humid ohio wedding
this is by far my favorite
i am 33 years old
t's unique for me to express br
great for the texas summers.
t works for me
this one is a keeper!
i got this as a reward
i got this as a reward.
i am the oiliest of oily girls
it's servant so to speak
(for the right person!)
this is my favorite product from this trio!
this is my favorite!
i especially love it after the gym.
i love this is was sent free to me
this is my favorite part of the trio.
it has really been an answer to my prayers.
in loooooove with ole henriksen's balance collection
ole henriksen sent me this hydrator in exchange for my honest review
i am a customer for life.
i also allowed my pre-teen daughter to use it
this one has to be my favorite
i read some reviews about millia
super good for my 20 year old eye area!
i am in law school
it was driving me crazy
since kathleenlights talked about it
i really wanted this to become my new holy grail eye cream
i found product when it was introduced to me during a beauty reservation
i choose this on a whim
i am in my 60s
bought this for my mother.
she loves it and wears it everyday.
i could write poems about this stuff.
this is a nightmare to use
i am a fan of the soft cream
i went on a limb
whenever i quit using this
i started using this when i lived in oklahoma
when i moved to upstate new york
now i live in okinawa
guess i have resigned myself to my fate as a loyal devotee
sing it's praises to anyone who will listen
i am only 28 years old
the ladies at the department store would snicker
whisper whenever i was in buying it
i live in the desert
drunk elephant just to name a few
now i am hooked
someone once told me
i am beyond ecstatic that sephora is now carrying la mer
so glad i splurged and got this face wash!
i slept with it on
i received this product in my july play box
i received this product in my july play box.
i got this in my july play box.
i am 67 years old
this was one of the stars
since im not that old
my mother instantly claimed it
worked good on her skin
my mother loves this too.
i love this br
n love my skin has never looked better my boyfriend notices
my face has never been more glowing you would think i was pregnant
at about 3/4 of the bottle
i never realized this was pact with it
bought this for my husband in his 30s.
something am going to keep reordering xoxo
since doing a round of accutane i am now dry
saw this on all the videos on facebook
it lives up to the hype
s down this one is my absolute favorite
t works for me
the first day i came to work my coworkers asked me why i was glowing
i just purchased my 2nd bottle today.
i like this on over the unicorn one.
it was a birthday gift from my friend
i got my sister and brother hooked on this.
when i felt this on my h
the doctor is in!
was a fan from the get
try this one ladies.
!my boyfriend is on the gold elixir train too!
plus i love the girl who makes it.
her videos on instagram are great
i just received my farsali gold elixir in the mail yesterday
this definitely lived up to my expectations
at first i was skeptical
he was ordering it for me as a suprise
this product is amazing to bad my son opened it
publicity it has on youtube
since i got it as a gift
i am a very experienced oiler!
at first i went in to purchase the unicorn essence
my 14 year old wanted the elixir just because she saw it on instagram
as a teenager, my skin is all over the place.
i assumed that "decent" was the miracle
when i told my parents this costed $54 dollars
this item is officially my dessert isl
i watched a few youtube videos
i tried it in the store
when i apply my foundation
i kept hearing about this.
it reminds me of something from my childhood.
this has shocked me
i just arrived to california for a summer internship from connecticut
after going to sephora to originally purchase the ouai wave spray my friend told me to try out the farsali unicorn essence
i do live this project.
the estee launder double wear together ugh amazing
i read the description
i tried going back to my laura mercier
i put the unicorn essence on after i apply my olehenriksen product
then use bye bye foundation
the girl told me to try this
god has it ever helped me
the unicorn essence is a go to for me for daily wear
a new favorite adding to my bag!
purchased after watching so many ig video tutorials
felt like silk after application
i am very much in love with it along with the rose gold elixir
i are like star crossed lovers who simply aren't destined to be together
didn't leave me with raccoon eyes once
us makeup lovers know the dilemma
i always am left with raccoon eyes
i am only second container of this.
this was recommended to me by an employee
well i fell for this guy and man am i in love.
this is by far my fav
this was so the winner
this is my favorite!!
this is heaven on my skin.
after having babies my skin has changed
used it on vacation
i read a blog post about oil cleaners
the sa in store recommended it to me
the one thing i think is a bummer is that though their farm is in upstate new york
i also am impressed with the little spatula that is included
one of the employees showed me this
i like this even more than the sunday riley
i fell in love.
have fallen in love
the sales associate went
this is my favorite farmacy product
i've heard a lot about this br
this is another winner.
i am obsessed with it
i happened to find this in my moms bathroom.
fyi i've applied this to my face when i'm in the shower
i asked the woman in sephora what she recommended for me
as a longtime fan of origins products
my mom bought this
was happy to finally find one from a br
have been loving it ever since
dior has me covered
i've never tried the old formula
like the old one
im giving 4 stars since i have only tried it once
another dior success that will be emptying my pocket book
happy dior girl over here!
i fell in love
also because i am nursing
so this was just calling my name
for the comment below me!
this is miracle in a bottle
i am 30 years old
i love it with the treatment bar !
the line itself was a favorite of marilyn monroe
originally bought him as part of a gift basket
from the east coast
even salvaged my skin after an ill-fated experiment with another br
mostly for my wallet
people started commenting on how radiant my skin looked
multiple people thought i went on vacation because my skin is glowing
you have saved me.
i am officially hooked.
my girlfriend loves using it too.
i decided to try this after using the drunk elephant baby facial
this is my new favorite face oil
as dj have been mostly a hit for me than a miss
it works well for my 72 year old age face.
i fell in love.
due to stress from planning my nuptials
my girlfriend got the hydrating mask
would be terrified for anyone who would accidentally see me while wearing it
aside from making you look like a serial killer
i saw this review on youtube
i picked this up at the mall of america sephora
movie night with my sister
i am a sheet mask addict
i loved the two steps
this mask is by far my favorite i have ever purchased
this mask is a dream
i am a mask junkie.
i also bought one for my boyfriend
the beauty adviser informed me that this replaced both
ones from face shop or nature republic
i really was awestruck.
i would totally recommend this to a friend.
got the cutest looking sample ever.
found a few i like
you just put another person through school through tatchas lovely maker
this has been a savior!
i tried many different br
i went to russia recently to visit my family
as an older woman i have dry skin
in my personal experience
i fell in love
as a sephora cast member i give this 5 stars
i moved back to texas from the sunny
after hearing the story behind tatcha
i've never written a review before
even have purchased another jar for my mother
which btw never happened
i apply hat amount twice a day
although the price tag is what frightened me
this product really lived up to its claims
this one is a keeper
previously i was using the belif aqua bomb
which i thought was my holy grail
i fell in love
boy did i find the best one
an article i read about it being amazing
i saw one of my fav youtube muas use this
s for a while because she also admitted she had great skin genetically
it's wreaked havoc on my self esteem
sister are dying to try it now
thanks genetics for giving me green
i wanted so badly to give this cream a 5 star rating
decided to share my experience from day 1-15 with my subscribers from yt in my fb group
by far my favorite mask i've ever used.
sunday riley has changed my life!
why has this been removed from the canadian site?
i am a huge drunk elephant fan
the drunk elephant tlc at nighttime
i am about 3/4 of the way done with my bottle
i used it on my teenage daughter
at least my daughter can use it
this has to be my favorite
sunday riley flipping rocked my world with this
wow sunday riley has outdone herself on this one!
i would've bought the drunk elephant one
yet another must have item from sunday riley.
i first got this in the sunday school set when i wanted to try good genes
i am 40 years old
definitely a holy grail now for me.
the midnight recovery oil is my holy grail
there was a sunday riley rep there.
this is your new bestie
as good as the sunday riley
i love that she has her headquarters in houston:
after coming back from miami
stroking my skin face as we speak haha!
sometime the masks can leave me underwhelmed
my boyfriend complimented my skin the first day i tried it
family cannot stop raving about how glowing my skin looks
my sister bought it and let me borrow some.
more alive when i wear it
wasn't surprised one bit to see this on sephora as a 5 star rated item
she said she uses it and loves it.
one of my favorite products ever.
when i saw it was ph balancing i wanted to try it
this by far is one of my top favs
my personal love for k-skincare i decided to give this a try
this is my new bestie
i beauty blogger raved about this mask
which i leave on about 10-15 mins
my friend suggested i try this eye serum based on my concerns of darkness
not like a christmas tree
it will be a super star performer
have shared with friends with positive results
i am almost through my first tube in the old syringe style packaging
so happy i splurged on this!
boy can i see a difference
love you drunk elephant!!!
thank you shift work
as another reviewer stated
i love the entire drunk elephant skin care line
love love all drunk elephants products!
thank you drunk elephant for another outst
drunk elephant is my new favorite skin care br
love the rest of the drunk elephant products i have
this has got to be my favorite.
boy are they worth the wait
i put it in my medicine cabinet
i got this at a bareminerals boutique
a friend of mine recently started using this
i first learned about this product from refinery29
this was recommended when i had a makeover in store
i finally decided to try the lala retro cream before the spring sale
i've tried using this solo
this feels like a cop out
thank you drunk elephant
i love to use this after the gym and work.
now i can just use juju in the am
i am a huge de fan.
i love drunk elephant.
juju bars for two years or so
i am a fan of the peke
i am an avid de fan
my sister even said my skin looked way better
i am a skin care junkie!
my mother tried to force it on me ages ago
they've always been an insecurity of mine
i wanted to cry after my first use.
will be recommending this to my friends/family.
this was my first multi-mask and i'm obsessed.
i got my dad to try it with me
fun to multimask with the gold
i picked up this mask after seeing a few youtube gurus using it
i also love that my boyfriend who has oily t-zone can use it
possibly will get as gifts for friends
i honestly thought on social media people were editing the mask color to look more vibrant
i got all three minis
this mask is the bomb
i just moved to nyc
my skin totallyyyyyy freaked out
i watched casey holmes "everything
you've found your winner
the tata harper clarifying mask has surpassed those for me
the baby facial from drunk elephant
i told the chick i was having some issues with acne
was pleasantly surprised by it
drink my am coffee
it is a terrifying price tag
i left on 20 mins
jersey city, njvery happy with this purchase ;)
one of my favorite masks i've ever used!
my son loved popping the balloon when i got it in the mail :
i originally saw it on tatis review on youtube
it is my holy grail honestly
my daughter bought the same one
i wish it came in a more decent container/holder tho
i instantly ordered it
after watching tati's review on youtube i decided to give this a try
poker they give you
i am also a fan of charcoal
i later it in my h
i've already stabbed a hole into mine :
green as well thanks to my sisters
i recently bought the blue version of the mask
i am a big fan of their sheet masks
i saw these online
of course chose the purple one
i used this mask with my daughter
when i woke up my skin was gorgeous!
holy cow i love it
i would use it in the middle of winters here in minnesota
my skin has not been in the best condition due to my busy lifestyle
i woke up with baby soft skin
i used this mask the whole time i was on my amazing greece vacation last month
i get tons of compliments
so my sister is an esthetician
the sunday riley line is so bomb by itself
an absolute winner for me thank you glow recipe!
the lady at the register wouldn't stop raving about this product
it has the cutest packaging
after reading about the br
this is the best sleeping mask ever
like a watermelon jolly rancher
definitely hg status in my book.
i forgot about it.
curiosity got the best of me
boy was it well worth the wait
i've read/heard people complaining that this pills up upon application -- i had that issue at first use
eagerly waited for this product!
i finally got my h
i tried this mask after hearing rave reviews.
bought this because i'm a slave to hype
and another told me i was glowing.
i never review productsbhr i've tried a ton on my skincare journey
you've got a fan for life.
have never written a review
so when i got the email notification that this was back in stock
i live in miami where the weather is very humid
so many friends of mine were raving about the product
i woke up to baby-soft
to the reviewer saying it pilled into their hair while asleep
radiant when i woke up
every single worker in sephora raved about it when they saw it in my h
when i woke up my skin looked br
it was a win in my book
i love watermelon on general haha
which shall not be named
chanel in my opinion
when i first got this i treated it the way i treated my old lancôme essence
it started with the book
am almost done my bottle
just had to leave one to rave about this product
they really killed it with this product
i originally bought this just because i haven't yet found a favorite cleanser
tried this cleaner on a whim
bought it on a whim bc i was obsessing over the watermelon glow mask
i am recovering from surgery
get into my pjs
i don't write reviews on the sephora website
this is by far my favorite
i think this cleanser’s closest competitor in terms of br
i went to a charity event through my work
including spouses of my coworkers
i've never been a philosophy br
after reading the reviews about this serum i decided to take a chance
as a 31 year old woman with pcos this is a rare
i am 23 years old
this is my 3rd bottle.
she was in her late 50s-60s with amazing skin
since each woman desires for a perfect look
ive heard of a celebrity talking about this certain product
then i've read the reviews
looked like a young little girl again
compared to other women my age
t since i was in my teens
my girlfriend is about ten years older than me with normal skin
firm " i gave it 4 stars for it's staying power
i am an educator
lots of compliments on my almost 60 year old face
o woman always searching for ways to preserve my youth
really, that is my only complaint.
i visited my local sephora last friday for my 31st birthday
my friend and i grabbed them excitedly.
this has to be my fav purchase
my friend also has problem skin
i am a skin junkie
i love the way it firms my neck
this 63 yr old face loves this product
daily use over 5+ years has made me a believer
it leaves me as soft as a newborn baby.
even my boyfriend comments on my skin
got this as a gift from my cousin
i love to use it following my weekly aha peel
i love that it provides ex
i got this sleeping mask as a trial size from a subscription box
also got my mom using this
thank you sephora for carrying this
anyone who is a fan of korean skincare knows this br
i am just echoing the sentiments of others
the container is large both my son
in the laniege lip sleeping mask i have officially found my winner
healthy lips will thank you later :
i ordered the sleeping mask
this is a must for make-up lovers!
giving my dog a goodnight kiss ect
ive tried them all
i went to doctors who couldn't help me
i recently heard about this mask from kathleenlights
i am a product junkie
i will never neglect my lips again
this baby boomer has been using neosporine-type ointment on her lips at night for decades
after reading the many reviews on here about he br
boy was i wrong
oh my goodness when i took the mask off my lips looked br
bought this after i saw kathleenlights praising it
i think i've found a winner
this will be a new fav for me.
i read the reviews
this has changed my lips life, and mine.
t doubles as an adorable
i mean holy smokes people
it is going to be my bff for the rest of my life.
this is now a permanent fixture on my bedside table
i didn't know i needed a sleeping mask until my friend asked me to try hers
ive struggled with dry
but after seeing 2-3 youtubers rave about it.
girl you need this
even my husband used it and said it worked
i am literally a "balmaholic"...or i was.
i initially bought this after watching kathleen lights mention it in her june favorites video on youtube
i loved their water sleeping mask
boy i was so so so wrong.
being a lip balm addict that i am
i am a self professed chapstick
then i discovered this product.
today i was roaming around a mall
i read about this on a reddit beauty forum
amazon has the little travel sized ones
got it from iherb site
i tried this lip mask per recommendation from a friend
i put mine in the refrigerator
i live sleeping masks.
you need a good plastic surgeon for that
i give it 5 stars
i noticed it was super lightweight
influenster to review for my honest opinion
influenster to review for my honest opinion
influenster to review for my honest opinion
when i heard about this water cream
this is one of my favorites
and will recommend to my friends.
my boyfriend even started using it because it felt
my husband has also started using it as well.
knew i had a gen on my h
why i deducted a star
gave it to my mom to try
i live up in the mountains
i recently started putting a dab on my beauty bender
as my penance for that
up until now i had been loyal to belif cosmetics
i am literally obsessed!
would possibly repurchase for my daughter as she likes the scent
i also tested it on my boyfriend who has more of a dryer skin type
the product falls into the kin
i am not much of a cream person
it is a miracle worker for my dry skin!
i picked up this product when i was in korea
being a "woman of a certain age"
everything i read about honey drop sent a message of simple
invest in your beautiful face ladies!
please please buy this!
night as a part of my korean skin care-inspired routine
its gets an a++ grade from me!
my new fav product!
in addition to having the cutest bottle
i completely agree with another reviewer
they got even worse after i had my daughter
i left it on for about 30 by accident
tells me that i'm glowing when i have my makeup on
this would make a nice gift for family or friends
i can't quit this mask.
i am a mask-a-holic and i use a mask every night.
just wanted to say to the girls who said the fragrance gave them an allergic reaction
as i am writing this
i am a senior tatcha girl
which is my favorite
im not sold on the brightening
it was in the comfort of my own home
even my boyfriend noticed a difference when he brushed his h
i love to treat myself to this beauty mask weekly
i am a makeup lover at heart-- i am a girl that wore foundation everyday
this wakes me up
i love light coverage products so this was calling my name
stop harassing a good product
then i one star reviews
then i see 5 star reviews
being that i am young
it was a 7-day free trail and i loved it.
noticed mentioned to me my fave looked different
even friends mentioned it.
i wanted to try this for my "old lady h
s" i have a ton of fine lines that make we look like a 90 year old woman
i wish i had more of a trial
stress you're killing it in the skin destroying game
i live in the desert
will be recommending it to my family
a 7 day trial of this is hard to really judge.
my opinion is my own
my roommate complimented me on how i seemed to be "glowing" lately
my opinion is my own
i am still in my 20s
i look forward to introducing my friends
most of my bumps were mia
have fallen in love
since getting pregnant i have been combo/dry
review with my honest opinion
i would recommend to friends and family.
so my grandmother has been using it.
she states she will buy it.
as for as brightening im not sure.
definitely my new fav
the gentleman who works for the line
aron told me about this product while i was shopping
i wisely took his advice and purchased.
this is a miracle in a jar
the name says it all!
at 36 yrs old i don't have a lot of acne
i went on vacation in boulder
i smiled and said, yep your right.
om outbreaks since i was in middle school
i also became vegan a few days after purchasing this
def my must have for travel!
sorry about the expletives
after a change in birth control
after reading the reviews
thank you so much to the lady at the store that recommended i try this product when i came in with a horrible hormonal break out
the girl talked so highly about this product i forgot about the other product i went there for
this stuff is a miracle worker!
ok so for my bday i had my makeup done
got my glam on
i got this as a leap of faith
i guess i'm just a girl who enjoys it getting dry
i wish i could bathe in it.
i recommend this product to my sister
highly recommend it to all of my friends
i am a true mask junkie.
has a permanent spot on my vanity
thank you volition for raising the bar
congratulations to volition for coming to sephora
omg, my favorite mask!
after i did this mask i literally looked like a mannequin
i knew i found the one that was special
i am obsessed with the results
neck feeling like i do when i am at a spa
i am beyond obsessed
living in the desert here in texas
i recommend this to all my friends and family!
i can now stock up on all my favs!
i am so happy that sephora carries volition now.
this is one of my favorite products of theirs
while being on vacation in mexico
you are in luck
living in central florida
a self proclaimed snob when it comes to the products i put on my face
this is by far my fav
i’m that kind of girl that can go through 20 packs of oil blotters in a week
you are in luck
night is my favorite
this pot will last me forever.
made here in the good old usa
this 69 y/o guy has been trying crimes
'll start out by staying im a full time momma of a one year old
reduced the look of my huge raccoon eyes hahaha
i am 26 years old
this is my favorite beauty product for my face!
congrats volition on this.
i am definitely a fan of it cosmetics
so excited kiehl's has finally joined the sephora family
i live in the desert
i am on my 4th tub of this
i just wish kiehl's were cruelty free.
later that week i went to see my esthetician
i feel like i just found my soulmate
holy cow my skin looks amazing
through tough chicago winters
until one of the girls i worked with recommended this
work as a flight attendant
i am 18 years old
i am soooo happy sephora is now a seller for the br
they are the dream team.
i am a mask junkie.
this is by far my favorite mask i own!
this one has been my favorite
cried my heart out
my father loves this.
even my doctor commented on how alert my eyes look
a friend recommended this cream
i already bought another one for my mom
i never even bought the bottle.
not caring as a child
thank you sephora for carrying this now!
ive had mine since march
this one is my favorite
this is my favorite mask
a friend of mine gave me the three little wonders sample pack
n my early 30s
the 7-day challenge from this br
a friend of mine who works there actually recommended it to me
a rep at sephora pointed me towards the 3-little wonders
made my decision to stick with ole
followed by "nurture me"
ive never written a review for anything before
ole scared me to death by changing the color of this bottle
then i remembered this treatment was missing from my regimen
whenever i wear it my fiancé can smell it as well
i am a review reading junkie
while buying my usual skin care faves
she recommended this product to me
i started using this because the br
gave this product a shot upon the recommendation of a sephora employee
boy, was i wrong.
i owe most of this to this holy grail night treatment
i spent two months away in spain
i left this bad boy back in the states
which i became extremely depressed about
the drink elephant is 12%
it doesn't transfer to my pillow case
i saw this product online
woke up with lovely skin
now that i am in my 30's
i hope it's assisting with those babies
i even recommend this to my mother in law
since i started using this religiously
the last security guard told me she knew i was over 21
had to card everyone in their mid-twenties
i said: i was born in the 70s
she didn't believe it until i passed her my license
thank you lord for this!
i stopped into sephora after googling products online
my doctor told me at a very young age there was nothing i could do
it's takes a couple of minutes to dry on ur face
only regularly since january
boy am i mad i waited so long!
this product is tots worth your buck!
got myself a new pajama shirt
it's eating holes in my wallet.
ole henricksons other products gave me a burning sensation
even my boyfriend comments on how good my skin looks
then someone from the sephora inside jcp in okc at quail springs mall
i am an ole henriksen addict
the man working suggested this br
the man behind this br
comforts my skin troubles
i am 53 yrs on this earth
i am a foundation junkie
my fave by far
it feels like heaven touched my face!
this is my baby!
its absolutely ride or die for me!!
this bad boy fixed everything
thx a lot james for helping me discover it
my mom started using this moisturizer about a year ago
it's become her holy grail product
this cream deserves to be spoken about
when i tried it in-store
this wonderful cream was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i wish the bottle had a pump
this one is the best for use with the clairsonic mia
i am 41 years old
so tit lasts a while
my skin freaked out
i prefer my drugstore favourite
i would recommend it to my friends
my friends love the combo
when my skin is oiler
my sister bought this when i took her shopping a while ago
convinced my brother to let me get him a bottle
recently i got this on a tv shopping channel as a duo for $30
i showed it to my sister
loved this for years
i got this cleanser as a mother's day gift for my mom
the bottle lasts me forever
i am a huge fan
i originally got this after seeing a few reviews on youtube
am about to get my 3rd
the saleswoman's sales-pitch was that it was one of j
i only wish it will come with a pumper
found out about this company from a celebrity magazine
yes i got stuck reading one at the dentist's office
anyone the mag was saying how this specific celebrity changed her skin by using ole henriksen prefects
i even have my mom
then a friend let me try some of her product
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
i just got my 2nd bottle
the "truth revealed" super creme is also a miracle worker
this is my 2nd bottle of this
so happy i received it as a free gift w/points many months back
my mother-in-law to switch
i've bought 4 jars of this baby already!
this one by far is my favorite
the sephora gal told me to use this
the only downside that i would note is that i'm a morning runner
already on my 3rd jar!
i hope to one day go to his spa
i docked a star for the packaging.
it is really the bomb diggity.
i got this in my september play box.
it defiantly works for me.
after having a horrible reaction to the chanel skin care line
my favourite application is on the back of my h
my friend asked me what i was using!
remembered the sample of this guy
this was my life saver to stop that
this is probably my 8th jar.
i love the ole henriksen trio boxed set with this sheer transformation
my daughter-in-law put me on to this over a year ago
i think jaclyn hill recommended this
its wallet friendly too.
everyone always talks about finding their "holy grail"
it made me look young when i was wearing it
i only wish it was in an eye dropper.
i'd heard about it online
my mom has normal skin and she loves it.
my sister has oily skin and she loves it.
it has become a staple of my morning
i came across this product when i was browsing around the skincare section at my local sephora
boy was it a game changer
when i took my daughter to get makeup done for prom
this is one of my favorite items in my daily skin care routine
i rarely leave my fave br
i am a skeptic when using products outside my favorite three br
i just look younger
then saw my sister was using it so had to buy the full size version once i knew i loved it
two words... life changing.
a coworker kept asking if i was using new makeup
i got this in my april play!
i swapped it out for this and omg.
i am too old to have breakouts
fab is my go to
having it recommended to me by an employee at sephora
as the title says
omg i got this recently as a point reward
snowmobiling in idaho mountains or riding horses outside in the miserable ohio winters
however i visited my sephora store
thank julius for being a life saver
now i'm getting compliments from my friends
it's been smooth sailing since
ole henriksen has won me over!
it also helps keep my skin mate
i am over the moon.
not forever since i work in a kitchen
my skin freaked out
this one is my favorite
the one day at the store i noticed a new girl working
assumed she was around my age
i told her what was up
if i had to go with another br
got compliments from girls
i won my 3 rd bottle.
this is not a miracle worker
a friend all use this cream
i own the entire sunday riley line
when i was introduced to this moisturizer i was in complete shock
these monastery peeps really have it down.
co workers on how young my skin looks
this is a keeper ladies!
i just turned 60, and had to come ack to it.
i love the fact that it is made in a monastery!
im on my second jar.
i got the soft cream first, it lasted me abou
i am 53 years old i am a product junkie for sure!
one job is unkind stressful to my skin late nights ect
cream ancienne is a true god send for me
they think i'm in my late 30s daughter is 37
i am in my late twenties
man did i screw up
i am obsessed with this cream!
i am officially an addict!
gift it to both my sisters for christmas
a nice young man showed me how to use it
at the suggestion of one of the sephora reps i tried this cream
i immediatly fell in love with it
i read all the reviews on this
the sales rep at sephora called this "gold in a jar"
i felt like i suddenly aged overnight
travel on a plane weekly
i moved from the east coast to the west
i decided to indulge in this product
it has been a miracle cream for me
my mom lives in the desert
i got the 250 dollar jar
then read about this cream
the girl didn't know much
the girl did say that it was better than la mer
i am using in on my neck
living in west texas where it is dry
after reading about the history
my brother-in-law commented on how much younger i looked
my mom gave me this for christmas last year
i def regret this!
other bad reviews i had to comment
i am licensed sommelier so i have a good nose!
this cream is a miracle worker!
my boyfriend saw how rejuvenated
my sephora store didn't carry it
i would give it a 5 star
dock the product a star
i am on my second jar
have been addicted every since
this has been a miracle worker for my face.
then in october i went on a business trip
the name is spot on
i finally found my salvation in this product
as a woman who deals with adult acne
found this puppy in my drawer
this is my favorite until i want a prescription when i'm older
this is one of my favorites
fyi in case anyone is deciding between the two
i've suffered from acne since i was in 5th grade
i am now 24 years old
which was the worst br
im in my early 30's now
i wish i would've taken a before
i started using philosophy
i am an absolute product junkie
i am still young
while my lines havent dissaper
it has made me devout
this is my 4th tube
this stuff changed my life
after doing my research
hope in a jar in college
after giving birth to my child 3 years ago
i never write off an entire br
i've recommended it to my sisters
right before my wedding my allergies were out of control
even when i was a kid
ive been using it in the am
i am relieved to have found this one
'm not taunted by how much is left
once it dies its unnoticable
guy at sephora queens center mall
i work in education
the girl at the store used their profile machine to match me to a product
i keep this in the refrigerator
was explaining to one of the ladies there that she likes light weight
i brought it along with me for my trip to vietnam
i am now officially obsessed with fresh
expressed to her my skin care woes
in february i went home
she suggested i see my doctor to ask about acutane
the water at my school sucks
i've even got my brother
who unfortunately has a pizza face
i am obsessed with this.
this is one of my favorite masks!!
recently my skin has been freaking out
oily-combination skin since i was a teen
the first time i used this i was horrified
all three of my daughters have seen positive results from this clay mask
i enjoyed the mask.
i got this mask as a gift from sephora.
i got this as a gift.
*note: i am a huge fan of glamglow's youthmud.
hello new fav product!
i am an absolutely mask junkie.
i live for a good mask.
sephora sent me this mask as a gift
i got this as a gift from sephora
i got this a gift from sephora as a gift.
sometimes sephora sends you gifts
will recommend to all my friends
i came home to this surprise free gift in the mail
should start of by saying i am a die hard glamglow supermud girl
i loved that it came with its own spatula.
made a post yesterday on gallery
my one question is
this has been my favorite since i got it
one of the girls at sephora recommended this to me
got this after speaking to a sephora employee.
my friend felt like she was getting a zit the night before her wedding
it 100% saved my skin
my new fave br
on a recent visit to my local store i was told this was now an online only product
learned so much about skincare from the br
s that educated us
my skin looks way younger than all of my friends.
the young girl working the counter who rang up my purchase made the remark
which loudly proclaims to me
had been hearing a lot about this br
are by younger women
love that this comes in a tube
i loved this even more when gwyneth paltrow recommended it in her goop newsletter recently
i recently purchased this while in paris from a pharmacy
this is one of my favorite mosturiser of all times
i am a true product junkie
after buying the beauty on board kit for a trip i was taking to visit a friend in california
my older sister had lectured me many a time on the importance of moisturizing
i feel like i am at a vineyard
i used philosophy hope in a jar
boy does it pay off
the lady helping me recommended this
a sephora employee recommended this line to me
she is older than i am
said is his name
i recommend it to all my girls.
this one is winner
at first when the sephora consultant recommended this to me
as the name says
if you are the kind o girl that weare tons of makeup
i've gone through a ridiculous amount of various br
officially in love with this brand!
made my fiancé gasp at how soft my skin was
as soon it was dry my skin was like my 5 year old girl
it's for 52 year old skin
that is when i checked faq here.
am now a loyal caudalie customer
this was suggested to me by one of the workers
i recently went to sephora for fun with my sister
on my 4 or 5th bottle.
recently checked my purchase history
i went on vacation
the saleswoman suggested this face wash
i got this as a trial size from my beauty insider points
i found the perfect one
had never really heard from or purchased anything from this br
found myself without any
use this with room temp.
this one is one of my favorites
i broke out like a pre-pubescent teenager
i'll never stray again, my tried and true friend.
i work in a hospital
i pair this with my clarisonic
i just purchased this for my daughter
when i got there the sales person asked me questions about my skin
i mnediately fell in love.
i originally tried this out as it came with the mia2 kit
my boyfriend also has sensitive skin
my sister had this boscia face cleanser lying around in the bathroom
this and josie maran's are my two favorites.
i live in the uk so pick this up when i come to the states
the lady at sephora recommended this one to me
oh boy am i a fan
don't regret shelling out the $28
my morning dynamic duo
while it's not a miracle worker
this one is by far my favorite
i just discovered this cleanser over the weekend when i chose it as a 100 pt gift
like the pen style
i love this spot treatment.
i just purchased my third tube.
seriously, this is a miracle worker
continue to get deeply ridden
after reading the reviews
i love this new discovery!
im on my 4th or 5th one!
the pen is annoying
i even caught my brother using it
i even have my sister hooked on this.
i would recommend this to friends
it was a good recommendation from the sephora rep
my 13 year old daughter is at the age where her skin is unpredictable day to day
have recommended it to all my friends
i am definitely a lifer now
i am a senior citizen who still has problems with very sensative skin
no cast member i spoke to knew why
this was recommend to me by the lady working at my local sephora
this is by far my favorite.
i keep it at my desk
i couldn't believe it i look 10yrs younger.
this is my miracle!
this is my 3rd bottle already.
cruelty free line i have found at sephora
this is by far my favorite
i think i originally saw this featured in a magazine as a good product for younger skin
i am a nurse that works night shift
i am almost done with that bottle
i am 32 yrs old
ive tried so many different eye creams along my journey
i am in my 30s
it's not a miracle worker
i am also a person that if i look at a product wrong i am at the dermatologist
i listened to the sephora rep go on
i loved it and ordered it right away!
my family are "dark circled" people.
yep it's a condition that as a toddler i asked my mom where do they come from
behold boscia worked for me
this saves my life
with a lot of girls/women r
i am obsessed with skin care
i just quit dairy
i just reviewed the pine.
this one is my favorite.
it never gets old!
on my 3rd one already!!
love korres and this is another winner!
i actually picked up a jar on a trip to greece
so happy the girl at sephora recommended this to me
i treated myself to a tub of this in 2014
instantly made me recall 2014
my sister convinced me to try this stuff because she said it helped to clear up her skin
back in february i tried a few other products thinking that i should step up my skin care game a bit since i am in my forties now
i almost never write reviews
this is my 3rd jar of “korres wild rose moisturizer”
it's one of my personal favorites!
this has been my favorite under $50
i loved the br
while the impression of rose is that it's for old ladies
people tell me i never age!
jaclyn hill made me buy this
i am an avid face washer
can't judge it from that st
i share it with 4 other ppl in my household
my sister has normal skin
i never understood why my sister said it made her face dry
my fiancé is also a fan of the product since it works for all skin types
jaclynn hill told me about it
definitely a holy grail item for me!
my adult acne were cleared by this god sent miracle on earth
i always been a drugstore fan
boy am i in love
my sister uses this
its one of the best products ive ever bought
i am someone with very stubborn
about a month ago i switched to the ren calming cleanser because i heard it was better then purity
i've had a fav cleanser for over 10 years
but i always went back to my personal fav.
received this in my april bag
it has blessed my skin
ok i lied i barely break out
i received this in my april sephora play beauty box
just my friendly opinion.
i've struggled with acne since i was a teenager
tried every drugstore product know to man
both my sisters love it
she recommended this to me
it doesn't irritate my occasional boo-boos
a friend's 16 year old daughter moved in with me
my teen daughter has sensitive skin
when the pharmacy discontinued making my facewash i paniced to say the least
i get compliments in my skin now from friends
i am 31 years old with fair skin
this stuff was recommended to me by the sephora lady
switched from another br
a couple of times my daugher has had a skin irritation
it has worked well for her
the bocia is sitting in my medicine cabinet
after visiting the store
talking to a sales rep she recommended this product
i ordered this on a whim
this is the 2nd bottle i have bought.
after reading some of the female reviews i decided to give it a go
this serum came highly recommended by the sephora associate who helped me in the store when i told her about my skin issues
this product is a keeper.
even though i am a girl
this has been a real god-send
exchanged the item for me
my husband really likes this serum.
i finally found one he likes
my hubby loves this product
he has many items from the anthony line
a family member commented that my face looked more shiny
those were good br
my sister recommended this to me
this is my favorite sephora product.
currently on my 2nd bottle.
people have stopped me in public to compliment my skin
bought my first bottle
please go back to the old
def does work- i also am cleaning my face more
introduced to me by dermadoctor rep
realized i wasn't wearing any:
while it is not a miracle worker
thought it was a miracle worker
if i'm riding a horse in hawaii
it won't last as long as it does in my backyard in california
overall summary: not a miracle worker
picture porefect worked exactly as described.
my mom stole my last bottle
then came the doctor
i freak out about
one of the sas recommended this to me after i told him that i had been using a primer that contains dimethicone
greetings from the dermadoctor herself.
it has restored his sensitive toddler skin
i ordered the calm
i asked the salesperson what she recommended
my skin is beautiful ever since i started using this miracle worker
after a couple of days my fiancé even noticed a difference
eat the wrong food
i love in chicago with harsh winters that take a toll on my face
i am a former beauty consultant
this cream is in my hall of fame
bought this for my daughter who's 16
a little horrified by the price
this saved my skin
open the top & the coolest dispenser is reveled.
she asked me if i was wearing makeup
i agonized over the price of this product
pleaded with me to use it again
i actually drove an hr to the closest sephora store to purchase this
it just kills me to buy it
i first bought calm cool
corrected when i was away to attend a wedding
i am a product junkie
during a visit from my mother we stopped by sephora
at first i was skeptical.
so my mom bought it as a gift for me!
was introduced to this by a beauty consultant in your store
i read the reviews
although the sales girl already had me
my 18 yr old dtr could tell too.
rather save it for the tacos
the girl showed me a couple of products
this is my second jar and i love it.
i like the sensation
my mom has also commented that she noticed they're lighter
the lady who helped me was very knowledgable about this product
especially if your born with it
that is why i gave it 4 stars.
well boy i was wrong.
i took the advice of another reviewed
after reading great reviews
from living in a smoggy city
no one is lying
i am in utter awe
a lovely associate refered me to this bar a few months ago though
i am a cancer survivor
this has saved my life
my skin was kindly described by a dermatologist as being an oil monster
natani from the tucson mall sephora
im on my second bar, and i will keep em comin
keep it in a travel soap keeper case
i remembered i still had this bar
my 40 year old skin is loving it
i am in love with this bar as a mask.
my boyfriend even loves it
angry breakouts then this guy will be your savior
whenever i remembered to use it
since my bar was still in my bathroom cabinet
is when i haven't used my bar
i read the reviews
i wish i had tried this earlier!
i've heard people also take a piece
(remember it is clay)
one of my all time favorites.
i am not as big a fan of the bar
a sephora cast member recommended this to me
my dermatologist recommended this to me after i finally decided to see a doc about how crazy my skin has been from stress since going back to school
i am 50 years young
boy, was i wrong!!
i tried everything the doctor prescribed.
my friend bought hers in the tube form
she used hers up in a month
my friend introduced me to this after i told her i had mild breakouts on my face
i read the reviews
there is only one con
bought one for my boyfriend
family are getting umbrian clay bars for christmas this year
when i looked in a spare cabinet
i found this bar
literally read the "how to use" section
i went to sephora they recommened this
i gathered up the courage to order this
i've read all the rave reviews
o got the as my birthday gift
10/10 would recommend to all of my friends
i originally bought this cleanser on a whim
got this as my bday gift
i fell in love
so have my friends
this is my everyday am
i got this cleanser as a birthday present.
this is the best cleanser ive ever bought
but i'm the gal who hates to cleanse at night.
mother would be spinning in her grave if she knew i spent 38 bucks on some face wash
i also bought it for my mom who has very sensitive skin
this is by far my favorite
my all time favorite
that shall not be named
got this last summer as a birthday freebie
never written a review before
i first got it as a gift
gave it a new life
i just recently got it as a gift
i am on my 3rd large bottle.
this is my 10th bottle.
this is my favorite.
reading the reviews on here
it's for both men
honestly.. it burns like a son of a b*%&#!!
this is my first ever anthony product
ive been using the white glamglow for a while now
i guess in the men's section.
great product for men and women.
my husband and i used this together.
i recommend it for a couples mask night for sure!
i originally bought this for my bf
am addicted to this mask
even on my female skin
i originally got this in a few samples for my dad at sephora along with an aftershave
his whole family is italian
my guy is wearing this mask
after using this my boyfriend swears his skins stays less oily for several days
this is the second bottle i have bought for my boyfriend
my boyfriend purchased this product
my boyfriend has really oily skin
it has been a life saver
good for all ages.
often offer it as gifts to friends my age
after being referred by a friend
she informed me that at 28 years of age
this is still one of my favorites
it is always in my cabinet
i go to the gym a lot
this is by far my favorite
my bf can tell when i've skipped it
after reading the reviews
after a couple says realized it was hormones
this is my lord
i saved it for travel.
my mother is extremely observant
skeptical when i first heard about this
i got this as part of a vib gift.
i fell in love
and i swear to the universe this is heaven made.
ur rushed out the house with no makeup on
my girlfriend said my skin looked like it was glowing when i started using this moisturizer
i remembered one day i accidentally used too much
man it does wonders
i never leave reviews
i heard about it from a friend
unfortunate for my wallet
found my cream for life finally!!!!!
when this first was introduced to me by a worker
it instantly called my name
one of my favorite products for life.
i got it as a birthday gift from sephora.
i am not familiar with this br
i got it from sephora as bday gift
i got this for my birthday as a beauty insider
i got this as a birthday gift
i recieved this as a sephora beauty insider birthday reward
i just had lunch with a friend i hadn't seen in 3 months
growing up in hawaii
i will be buying the full sized after my sephora bday gift is gone
i got this as my birthday reward
i got this as part of the birthday gift
after using my birthday gift i noticed a huge difference on the appearance of my skin
when i leave the house
i received this for my sephora birthday gift
i got this in the birthday gift
thanks to the staff at the mcallen
cheeks for my teenage years
i got this for my free birthday gift.
originally i had wanted the tarte gift
so for my birthday
let me live vicariously through you!
i received this as the bday girl along with the sorbet
this product i got as my sephora birthday gift
i gave it a whirl
got another one on ebay to make sure
paid $$ for the big girl bottle
i got them as my sephora birthday gift
received this in birthday gift set
this product is heaven sent!
i got this from sephora birthday kit.
believe me i've been used from belief to dior.
i got this serum as a birthday gift
i picked this out as my bday gift sample
ive wanting to try this br
glad i got it for free as a bday gift
i received this as a insider beauty birthday gift
questions about what br
i recieved this as a gift for my bday by sephora
got this as my birthday gift
i got this for the sephora birthday gift
i got this for my birthday.
plus, the dropper situation is adorable.
i got this along with the moisturizer for my birthday gift
when i received it in my birthday kit i was more than ecstatic
i chose this as my birthday gift from sephora
just die every time i walk out side haha
i gave it to my roommate and she loves it.
and cats which is sad since i have 8.)
i chose this as my birthday gift
ive have been using this
i am obsessed with it
had no idea about the br
i just finished my 1st bottle
i got this as a birthday gift
listen this is life
i fell in love
i just purchased my second jar as it is now a staple in my regimen
i went to sephora by my house i told the lady i wanted something to remove acne marks
she suggested this product
i used this for my week long trip to colorado
i am now a loyal fan for life!
i am a total fan now!
i stopped using the br
i never leave reviews.
my 50 year old boyfriend's co-worker was distant with him for months thinking he had robbed the cradle
she thought i was making fun of her 48 years because i couldn't be older than 30
it's not a miracle worker though
begged the lady in the skin care department for help
she told me to try this
this face wash was recommended by a friend.
a friend gave me a small travel size tube in my christmas goodie bag
thanked the sweet beauty advisor who helped me :
this one is a keeper
i read about this one
i got it in store
the lady told me to only use it 2 x a week
nearly everything sunday riley has on the market
this is your best friend
as one other reviewer mentioned
my sister secretly used it while i had it
this one is a fave
i would recommend it to a friend
this is my all time favorite.
i used this for the first time when staying with her friend
found it in her shower stash
i immediately bought a bottle for myself
even my sensitive boyfriend loves it.
i tried this because my favorite b
i got this as a beauty insider gift
i am a clarins junkie for sure
my mother has stopped asking me how exhausted i am
my sister-in-law
i did a consult with clarins at the mall
this is the 4th tube that i ordered.
i keep it in the fridge
i am a new mom
s before i buy another tube
think i am 20 years younger than i am
not a miracle worker, but a good start.
i came on to write this review
she's in her mid 50's
none of this 20-something i partied all night stuff
this one is one of my faves i rotate through.
m looking to knock those out asap
i on a whim bought this and wow!
omg the difference between the two is amazing
however today i was bored
i started using it in november 2013
i found that the lancome
one day at a dept store
found this gem from clarins
used chanel on left side
granted i am only 21 years old
my mom had this eye cream in the cabinet
it's very efficient on my mum
she asked this one as mother's day gift
ive got 5 children which include toddler twins
i get annoyed at wasted product
i stumbled upon this little gem completely by accident
she also made my day by telling me how beautiful my skin was
she was quite surprised when i told her my age
the lovely lady who was doing my facial actually put some of this cream on my husb
i even use it on my 3 year old son after he gets out of the bath
father and son agree, good product.
in my very humble opinion
the other is clinic
a friend recommended this clarins product
i actually bought this for my mother who is 71 years old
told me it was a miracle cream
now i know what to get her for her birthday
any other special occassion because she can't affort to purchase this herself
can keep her in it in gifts
this, according to my mom, is a miracle cream.
i never thought i'd see a lightening of my hereditary
it willl last forever because you only need a little dab of it to go temple to temple
my hubby loves it!
i am adding my voice to their chorus of praise for clarins eye concentrate
my sister uses it as a mask
this product is a miracle worker all in one.
mufe ultra hd was the hardest foundation for me to last the day with
every friend that i get to use this
this was my 1st product bought in france 30 years ago
i do not remember an old lady fragrance with clarins that several reviews talked about
i am 28 years old with combination/oily skin
i would recommend watching the lisa eldridge youtube video on the proper application of this product
it was one of my mother's go-to products.
i always figured clarins was borrowing all those beauty secrets of french women
i am in mid-forties
i tried the clarins fb last night
i keep one of these in my purse
or is it my imagination?
don't know how i survived previous winters with it
this is by far my favorite.
neck what my friends $$$$ treatments can't do
genes are good in my family
the first time i used it i didn't read the instruction
has earned a permanent place in my vanity
decided to trust the rave reviews
i am a true addict!
read about on beauty blogs
you look like kate middleton after a 10 hour nap
i am a 45 year old single working mom with very little time
i've neglected my skin for about a year
om people come up to me
bought it due to rave reviews
ever since reading about it in the beauty press
my only complaint is that the bottle is so small
today my boss who has amazing skin herself said i was glowing
i found this product written up in the september allure
my friend also told me that this is a great primer
my friend loves it
i love the tightening
i first encountered in my trip to disney in the sephora at disney springs had a sample of it for 2 to 3 days i noticed my skin turning beautiful
have tried many br
it worked wonders for my t-zone!
this cleanser has really lived up to my expectations
i am 22 years old
i walked into a sephora r
this is one of my favorite
this is my 5th bottle
family members who have oily/combination skin
the day i hit my 30th birthday i started having cystic acne
this isn't a miracle worker
i am 34 years old
i actually had a 21 year old kid ask me out
he was floored when i told him that i was 34
had 2 kids he thought i was 25
its my new fav
a friend recommended this product
i actually went to the sephora store
i am a teen so acne of course has its bad times
all, just go to his website and take the survey.
my teenage son uses it too and likes it too.
my son has had horrible skin.
he is no longer embarrased.
i recently purchased this cleanser after hearing great things about this line from friends
none have worked like dr
i made the mistake
my boyfriend uses this as well and loves it.
so finally invested in some professional facewash after my drugstore br
boy was i wrong
i went to sephora for a consultation
t rep was on site
i've become a big fan of the whole dr
a beauty advisor actually came up to me
my skin is addicted
my last jar was purchased in april
this is one of my faves
i splurged a little bit because i wanted to try these infamous dr
all, just go to his website and take the survey.
all, just go to his website and take the survey.
my daughter is using this on her upper arms for keratosis pilaris
i live in a really tropical area
'm saving in that department
am once again friends with my skin
dr. brandt has won me over!
s up to my expectations
i started off with clinique as a teen
in the 3 months since i switched to dr
this product works really well my 20 yr old daughter noticed results on me right away
my hubby noticed the smell right off as i use it in a
even occassionally in my twenties now
this is a miracle worker
i am a fan of this cream.
just back from fl trip my face
we're in hawaii on our honeymoon
my whole family recently enjoyed this product after a long day at the river
luckily i was recommended this product
it's been heaven sent
heres the thing yall.
today i went to the beach and got roasted.
for our northern friends
relatives that think spf 30 in enough for a day at the beach
a cast member put some of this
this is the recommendation i got from a sephora salesperson
the lady at the store in san juan was sooo nice
she talked me into purchasing this product.
i got pretty burnt recenty
my boyfriend also likes it.
i keep it in my refrigerator.
i put it in my fridge
i first for this product when i was in hawaii.
i am a 24 years old student
i got this for my boyfriend after he got a major case of sunburn from snorkeling
i recently bought a bottle
i keep mine in the fridge
i live in a windy west texas city
i would have been annoyed
i went to pr for my vacay
must have for vacay
i remembered reading about this product
using old family remedies
what a great story behind the br
i keep it in my fridge
i also recommend taking it along with you on your beach vacations
funny enough my boyfriend introduced me to this product a couple of years ago on our first vacation
besides getting horrified looks from strangers
the girl in my sephora immediately pointed me towards this product
this is definitely a keeper
prom is this saturday
went to cancun mexico 2 years ago
my body was ok
i wen to get my makeup done
this woman suggested i put this on
it just so happened that i put my acne face mask on from kate sommerville
one day while shopping at sephora i was talking about my outbreaks
the lady recommended this
figured i'd give this bad boy a try
a friend told me about this stuff.
this saved my skin
my 9 year old son got too much sun one day
i recently went to the beach in florida
thanks to this product i was able to get dressed
it was used on my trip to the dominican recently
this cream has been a life saver for me.
the sephora rep was absolutely right when she recommended to me for dry skin
one of the sephora makeup artist tried this on me
after literally wasting a few thous
something which i was beginning to believe was an urban legend
i picked a jar of this cream up at an outlet shop for the br
took it with me to denver recently
i tried many different br
i somehow thought it was a h
then i went online here
it made me smile w/ happiness.
by the way< i am 53
my mother always stressed taking care of my skin.
it has been averaging -20 f to -40 f since thanksgiving
i appositely loved it
waited until christmas for a gift card
i am the typical woman that breaks out due to stress from school
i am on my 3rd jar
i am in my 50's
ruff" big fan of it for years
recently i went to colorado
i am 61 years young.
try to remember to wear a hat
i heard about this moisturizer from a friend
i am trying others
i recently purchased my second jar
because i grew up in the 80s
a lady at sephora recommended this product
you name it i've tried it: dior
this girl loves it
i am in heaven when i put it on
who is not a big br
he is an outdoors person
bought this for my boyfriend because his h
a girl could definitely wear this.
for a guy who avoids man lotion at all costs
doesn't transfer to his clothing
all the girls asked me for my number
i rejected all of them
my boyfriend bought this hoping it would cure his dry skin
my boyfriend loves this lotion
or that's how long it stays for my boyfriend
i've tried it on my h
i am a 60 something man that has dry skin
bizarrely seems to like to get on his h
working in the garden
got this for my hubby
he loves this br
this is the second bottle he's purchased
i find myself using this after i shower!
i found this one
i threw away his drugstore br
i asked him what he liked about it compared to his drugstore br
pains after the gym
my boyfriend doesn't even need cologne after this
bought it for a friend i buy the jack black line for the hubby
it was "appropriated" by my 19 year old
i got this for my husband for christmas.
he loves to use it just after he showers.
he actually thanked me for buying this
i bless the day , a sales associate recommended .
the saleslady suggested this product
this night creme is a womans "face" best friend!
i tried it once, and then i got addicted to it.
wore it in cali
as one reviewer said
feel like a woman's 15 years younger
best brighting spf i've ever tried .
even using acutane in college
about 3 years ago i had a murad facial in london
it was the first time the beautician actually spotted that my skin was combination
the beautician told me that my skin was so fantastic that i did not need a facial
i forget i'm wearing it
my only complaint is the price, yikes!
as of a year ago i started getting adult acne-lovely
i just spent 3 weeks in florida golfing in the sun
it was by far my favorite of all the minis
dull so after reading reviews i tried murad
i fell in love
my 2 teenagers to go through a tube
my friends say i'm glowing
this was recommended to me by a beauty advisor
a funny thing is i loaned this cleanser to my mother when we were traveling together
she liked it so much that she took it home with her
dry i looked really old
my sephora assistant vicki @ jcp gave me a sample
i went to buy a bottle
i am on my 3rd tube
i initially bought it for myself
my husband likes it too!
now, if i could just lose 15 lbs.... : ) peace!
meet the martha the murad rep she changed my skin
my husband loves all of the anthony line.
but this is his favorite.
he is now a lifelong customer.
my boyfriend treated me to a shopping day at sephora
my 17 yr old son likes this
this has happened to me before at teh fair oaks store in fairfax
bought this for my bf
my wife kept bugging my to try something because i had lots of flakes on my face
i told her just to pick something
my son loves anthony for men.
purchased it as a gift for my boyfriend
my boyfriend loves this.
he is not a "product" man
i am well over 60
was previously a sun worshiper
i am 39 years old
never thought about even approaching this br
the sephora consultant persuaded me to try it on at the store
one of the sephora skin care ladies introduced me to this br
hence the minus one star
even my boyfriend could see a difference
she gave me insight about this product
i tried this on a whim when a company rep showed it to me
my mother always said prevention is better than intervention
the lady recommended this br
my gal said my skin looked great
the girl at the arrowhead
reallyl like this product seems to help the aging skin of a 46 year old female like myself
i can honestly say that as a full time working mom at almost 37 years old with 2 small children at home
this has been a winner for me
a sephora associate pointed me to this br
a co-worker said i look half asleep
in fact i have purchased this product as a gift for my mother
i work 3rd shift
this was recommeded to me by a sephora employee
a sephora girl suggested this product to me
spoke to one of the girls about which eye cream she recommended
one of the sephora staff members showed it to me on both my h
like making a mouth puppet with your h
this product was recommended to me from one of the sales girls at the store
after listening to my issues, she suggested this.
partly due to the fact that i am a stomach sleeper
the jar seems to house a lot of product
now i'm using it with my newborn
after recommendation of my beautician
she swears by it
this is my new favorite
this is my all time favorite
i read about the demadoctor
this is not a miracle worker
he confiscated my jar of the cream
this is what the sales girl recommended
it speaks volumes when both my mother
has aged around his eyes loved it
i would recommend this cream to friends
i've tried several other br
it is my all time favorite
'm using kate somerville's age arrest now
i am currently in my 40s
i just had a baby
my mom was using this product
this is the winner
i am on my 2nd bottle already!
i look 10 yrs younger
my mother bought this for me since i always complain about my dark circles under my eyes
no time for an appointment i stop a sephora
i went to my local sephora store
i appreciated the suggestion and good humor.
my boyfriend has combination skin
i live on the east coast
i occasionally use myself
i used it for the first time when my guy friend was in town visiting
loves the anthony products i buy him
my husband loves this face cream!
i even asked the clerk to let me try another tester
it's like a potluck raffle or something
i keep gong back bc despite this inconvenience
i am a woman using this product
a friend of mine gave me some anthony samples because she knows this home boy is poor
who secretly uses my eye cream
which will benifit him later in life
happened to use this cause a boyfriend had it
lives up to its description.
this product was a gift i got
my boyfriend loves this lotion!
after half-heartedly using it
when i first put this on, i had my reservations.
i stumbled upon this online
this product is heaven.
i put this on in the bath or while reading a book or writing a paper
tell my friends about it
this is my new favorite mask.
i am a facemask junkie
using baby clothes does the trick
discreet if i want to turn my plane ride into a spa
a lady working at sephora recommended that i give it a try
sometimes i wear it to do errands.
), and am already on my 4th jar.
this one is by far my favorite
i got my sister hooked to it
i got this as a christmas gift
this is my 3rd or 4th jar.
i used it on my husb
when i got home my local sephora had an ole henriksen event
it ate up my dead skin
i went to the sephora store with my mom
constant outbreaks since i was in 4th grade
this is the first ole henriksen product i've tried
this is my favorite mask for the winter.
while i had my toddler in his nightly bath i threw this mask on
as a mom of a two year old
i don't have time or money for a trip to the spa
i just purchased my 4th
i even walk my dog with it on.
i used it after leaving the dr
it is a favorite of mine
after one use i was addicted.
as ole henriksen mentioned in their product description
would recommend it to my best friend
leave it for about 30mins
this is one of my favorites
a friend has also used it twice
this was just my personal experience
find myself returning them
if i lived central tx
i just turned 70 yrs this fall
this product lives up to its name.
my daughter who is very picky about her products loves it too
this product lives up to its name.
my daughter who is very particular about her face products loves it too
if it lasts as long as the saleslady says
living in the desert
i will never change br
i am a ptr girl for life
believe me i have spent a fortune on them
i am an older client
i am 40 years old
the salesgirl gave me a sample of this -- i went back the next day
this is by far my favorite
my friend came to visit just after one week of using
never comments on my skin
i actually bought this creme for my girlfriend.
bought this for my mom
after reading the reviews
my skin suffers in our southwest climate
i really saw results with this br
thank god for samples!
my new favorite (and i've tried many!)
while i dont have crow-feet
my daughter is loving this product too.
my mom even noticed
someone in the store suggested this
people mistake me for a teenager.
note: i love makeup just like every girl out there
my fiance is on his third jar.
this is a dream product!
the heater in the house being on
even freinds have noticed it.
it is great for before a party.
then i tried this eye cream as a recommendation from a sephora associate
i am on my 2nd jar.
after talking to one of the techs
i would not say this is a miracle-maker
i am a 47yr old female
until i discovered this
the clerk at sephora recommended it to me
darn that mother nature!
i am 31 years old
had been using drug store br
i found this product by accident
i am 50 years old
does the trick for 46 year old me!
this is my favorite
i started using this on my 33rd birthday when a friend suggested i was starting to look like i was in my 30s
both my daughter and i can not live without it.
my 16 year old daughter raves about this.
it has become a staple to my morning
a sephora employee suggested me to try this product
it protects you from the son
i couldn't be happier with her purchase
i even asked my roommate how she thinks that it smells
bought my 2nd jar today.
went to nyc times square store for a makeover
bought this after reading reviews
after about 5 different br
thank you so much to my local sephora skin care beauty advisor she works at the one in culver city
ca shout out to her i wish i knew how to spell her name :
on my 3rd bottle!
it reminds me of a drug store br
i've read some other comments that it has a bad oder
i got this after seeing missglamorazzi use it in a couple of her videos
boy do i love it
my skin always seemed to be terrible from october to february
even my boyfriend says it left his skinso soft
boy did it work wonders
i am an older woman
when i was leaving a nurse
so, i realized i wasn't hallucinating.
i am on my third tube
my smoker lip lines
i am 62 yrs old
it is a definite keeper!
my mom had an extra tube so she let me have it.
since i was a little girl
which i am hoping the opal will help with that
a problem i had with the bb one
i am almost 41 years old
this is my second tube!
i am well into my sixties
i live close to the california coast
am kicking myself for ever leaving
my mom has hope in a tube
while visiting i tried some
i am 26 years old
my daughters also use it.
the miracle worker i always come back to this
any woman over the age of 60 must have this product
it's not a miracle worker
remember to pat it on.
use the miracle worker eye cream at night
i am in my 60s
this is my saving grace!
i just bought my second tube!
which i inherited from my mom
this product is a treasure
once again a winner from the dennis gross product line
this clinique soap has always been a favorite of mine
it def works the best for me
ive used this morning
one day in high school i raided my gma's cabinet
since moses walked the earth: it works like nothing else
in the summers i often switch the the #3 bar soap
my mom started buying clinique skin care
makeup for me when i was in high school
i still regularly get carded
i often have perfect strangers or people i've just met comment about my youthful skin
even though i've always lived in southern california
after trying many br
until then i am a clinique girl for skin care.
why i gave it 4 stars
my boyfriend started using this soap
i took a star off because the soap dish sucks
i forgot the name
man alive, this is nothing short of a winner.
i've had mine since december
i got this product for christmas
my sister used clinique
decided on a whim to try the bar soap
i am about to turn 52
i buy it for my husband, he loves it.
i used clinique when i was younger
coincidence?my bf says he likes it
i buy one for my friend
since i was in 7th grade
my husband now uses it as well.
an avid skin-picker
i got this for my boyfriend who has very large pores
i am a 55 year old man, still have oily skin.
mine is still oily at my age and it works well.
i buy this product for my husband.
got this as a gift for my boyfriend
great gift for all the men in your life!
has tried most of the br
i got this for my boyfriend
hubby complaining about dry skin
the scrub for a friend
i got this for my boyfriend because he has dry skin
because after my boyfriend washes his face
i am 65 years young
clinique always my favorites
my pic is here on the beauty board
are hereditary for me
i am a fan of clinique's daily 3 step face care.
youthful skin had gone bye-bye
i am a eye cream junkie
i am 45 years old
i am taken aback
people always remark about how young i look.
i pray they never discontinue this.
i am 55 yrs old.
i recently tried other br
my sisters use it
i buy this cream for my mom too
she never splurges on herself
happy hubby, happy wife!
buy it for your man!
i got this for my fiance as part of his birthday gift
the other men's clinique products for my teenage son
now he always put these tonner
he said he loves his b-day presents!
my husband loves the way this product works.
my brother likes this product
he has been recommending it to a lot of his friends
not only for men
i am 52, been told i look younger.
this isn't rocket science, girls.
even though i was born in india
lol i have 3 teen age girls
i would defiantly recommend.
i've long since divorced the br
buyer beware boyfriends are strangely addicted to this cleanser as well
i tell my buddies about it, too.
oh also the packaging is different than pictured.
love this cleanser so much i got my sister
my husband actually uses it too!
my friend had gotten a job at clinique
i am a synchronized swimmer
this is one of my all time fav cleaners!
i've tried many other br
i love clinique products they saved me from embarrassment
my mom has been using this face wash for years
i've tried lots of different br
go back to your trust old favorite product
now i have beautiful clear skin for my wedding this saturday
so a girl at sephora recommended this eye cream to me
i just bought myself one
as i am in my early twenties
it immediately became a cult-classic in my makeup bag
i tried this for the first time when i got it as an xmas present
i first bought this in high school as part of a bundle for my mom
this is my all time favorite.
my mom uses the rich version
i am not a skin care person
this is my favorite
just like most every woman
this was the answer
this gem was in it.
it's really brought my alligator eyes back to life
i ended up hating it
yay for the coverup for sleepless nights
thank god for this eye cream!
i forgot it existed until my circles were really bad while on holiday in nyc
but boy was i surprised!
is in my opinion the best because: 1
after picture on my facebook
my friend was arguing with me saying that it was a photoshopped image
i always put this eye cream which i always borrow to my mom
i am currently using my 4th bottle.
although he always wore a hat
for his 65 birthday i gave him this cleanser
my husband really likes it!
my boyfriend changed jobs earlier this year
my husband loves it.
bought this for my husband.
my husband loves this lotion.
go t this for my boyfriend in the hopes of increasing his sunscreen us e-
bc he never took care of his dry skin
this is the best i've used in my entire adult life
my boyfriend loves this stuff
bought this for my husband.
he rides his bike to work everyday
i've seen him have reactions to "all-natural" br
i brought home this lotion for my husband to try.
my boyfriend is one of those guys who doesn't take care of his skin
my husband likes this spf.
a must for any man.
this is his favorite.
bought this for my boyfriend last year
my 19 year old son has been using this lotion for 5 years
my husband loves this stuff!
my boyfriend absolutely hates putting stuff on his face
i originally bought this for my brother for christmas
ordered this for my husb
who wanted some spf in his daily mosturizer
bought for my boyfriend
my husband uses this daily.
my husband has used for years.
the other men's clinique products for my teenage son
my husband likes it because it is not greasy
i too used clinique as a teenager
my boy friend's skin is not that oil
hate shopping the malls
i got this for my boyfriend who had never used a moisturizer in his lifetime
bought this for my boyfriend- he was having a lot of issues with dry skin
my boyfriend has horribly dry
i got this for my boyfriend who has dry skin.
my husband loves this cream!
wanted my boyfriend to start using it as well
this is a repeat purchase for my dad.
my darling hubby luvs this lotion.
my husband is not a "product" man.
before we married he was using body lotion from the market on his face
my boyfriend is the manliest man you'll meet
my husband loves this product.
asked me to return it
my husband uses this and loves it.
which is why i only gave it a 4 star rating
i've tried everything from dr
my boyfriend also likes it
this stuff has saved my life!
i started using this moisturizer in my freshman year of high school
it makes it baby
the woman told me that i was overdrying my skin with acne products
live in new york so the winter is really rough for me
tried other more br
my mom both use it as well
received this as a gift from my mom a few years back
i am so glad i followed my impulse to add this to my cart
i would recommend belief's true aqua bomb for my oily/combo friends
as it has been my personal savior in my skin care routine
a friend recommended it to me.
until i found this gem
i received this mask in my play box and loved it!
fresh* products are my "pretty girl day" products
i treated my husband to fresh* products facial.
this is by far my favorite mask.
im not a big person on masks
i received it in my july sephora play box.
this is a life saver for someone who has dryer skin
i feel like i am at a spa.
i am completely obsessed with this rose mask!
i got this product in a gift set.
i fell in love
my fiance noticed the different in the stress lines
i am a face mask junkie/hoarder
i asked an employee if this mask was worth all the hype i've read on the internet
used it when i was in arizona recently
a little doe go a long way
i originally got this as a part of the sephora 2016 birthday gift
i received this as the bday gift in 2016 i believe
on a recent trip to mexico
i got this for my birthday last year
it's light so you don't have to walk around your house/apartment/dorm with an embarrassingly noticeable mask on
from the 2016 birthday gift set
i just had a baby
live in the midwest
this is one of the loveliest mask i've used in a long time
i received this as a birthday gift along with the cleanser
i've found my holy grail and i'm so happy.
when i got a tester size for this as a birthday gift from sephora
which was my birthday gift
i think i've found my skincare soulmate
this is my favorite mask ever!!
was given a sample by a friend who was definitely decluttering her beauty kit
hubby surprised me with a full size one on valentine's day
i got this face mask for the first time in the 2016 free birthday gift
this is my favorite face mask
i originally received the rose face mask as a birthday gift at sephora
my mom used to use lancome religiously
i often smell it hours later which is not my fav
my sister who has normal skin tried this
here i found it
as said in title
my mom and i have both been using it.
my mom has been a long time lover of lancome moisturizers
my daughter paid for a facial from a lancome visiting artis at our local department store
re-married 8 years ago
my husban keeps snitching my moisturizer
told i look like i am in my late 40's
i tried another br
this one is a keeper.
i am obsessed with it
so after unsucessfully trying another drugstore br
this is my favorite product!
i only have one complaint
hello jb welcome to my boyfriends life.
he wakes with baby soft skin that he loves to show off
bought this for my boyfriend
absolutely loves the jack black collection
as hes in his early 20s i want him to protect his skin from aging
now hes using this twice a day
purchased this for my 29 yr old, bf.
my husband buys these and then they collect dust.
however, he likes it when he remembers to use it.
i've shopped at sephora for years
i preach good skin care to friends and family!
my brother loves this brand.
my hubby absolutely loves this line.
this was a gift for my boyfriend for xmas.
the only con for me is that after i use this
i saw my favorite youtubers rave about this
i just bought my second jar!
even if your beat to thee gods!!
i watched a few videos on youtube with people using this product
i seen ingrid nelson's youtube video on it
of course beauty gurus raved about this product
i took it with me to vegas.
i love the cat eye look
i tried other br
i first found it on a mannymua channel in youtube
thought to check it out myself
i love the milk that it turns in to
this one is a keeper
switched from miracle worker
nothing wrong with miracle worker
'm in training for a marathon
i live a stressful lifestyle
i stopped hearing that comment
saw that it was april of 2010 that i ordered it
hubby caught me with neither and i wanted to die!
i am approaching 35 years old
am loving the murad esstential-c for daytime use
the spf is the blessing and the curse.
this is my new favorite.
i never write a review.
i read several reviews stating that it 'burned' etc
bought it bc i read rave reviews about it in more than one mag
i am 47 years old.
my fiance wears it too
have tried lots of br
this is my new favorite
something that never happened with the old bottle
caudalie is becoming one of my fave brands.
i already tried this product when i lived in geneva
this product lives up to it's name
i first purchased this cleanser when i was backpacking last year
thank goodness for the pharmacist who recommended me the travel size cleanser because i fell in love after the first use
i fell in love
pro tip if you're someone who travels a lot!
it is a delight to use (i use it in the shower).
at first i was apprehensive to use it
i decided to try this after reading reviews.
my husband and i use it daily !!
caudalie remains my favorite br
a beauty advisor recommended i try this
i took my boyfriend to sephora to get him on a skincare regimen after he complained of his face being dry
his 19 yr old daughter had also started using it
its a winner for the whole family.
my girlfriend tried the super mild
my mom always told me clinique made the best skin care products
i grew up in vegas so at that time my skin was super dry
then when i was 18 i moved to nyc
my boyfriend is also a secret lover of this face wash
my sister always had travel size ones on vacation that i would use when i forgot to bring my own facewash
abroad in europe right now for a semester
my mom has been using clinique for years
for my travels to barcelona last month
kept it in my cabinet
my cousin gave me the end of her bottle
i am always receiving compliments every time i go for a facial or from friends
family about how clear my complexion is
i just find myself missing this one
this product has actually saved my life!!
i got this product in a goody bag
i am a makeup artist
my makeup artist suggested this
i recently bought this for my mom.
until i got her this primer!
my favorite primer i've tried.
my t-zone area is horrific
she introduced me to dr br
and no doubt this was my mamas saving grace.
s i mentioned above
i went to my local sephora
they hooked me up with dr
on of my all time faves
i tried my luck with several
i am on my second tube
like more then a greasy pizza
the woman working convinced me to spend a little more
buying two of the travels was like my best kept sephora gem of a secret
said that she switched over to this br
confirmed that i was not crazy
in the long run prob worth it
grabbed a sample for my graduation
i am not a fan of foundation
this was recommended to me by a sephora salesperson
i seriously felt like "who is that girl?"
this is for oily girls
i just bought my 3rd bottle.
this is a miracle in my book.
now that i am in my 30s
i ordered this recently
ed on this one
i started using it when i was pregnant thanks to an esthetician's recommendation
this is one of my favorites
i actually picked this up at costco
i live with that
boy i was wrong
has saved my skin
she loved it more than her clinique
i make sure she's always stocked with this as she is hesitant to spend this much on herself
she shares my sensitive nose
after discovering this lovely product
this is my new favorite
my sister owns a spa
a friend gave me this to try 2 years ago
one of my favorite products.
all of my siblings are asking me what i've been using- even my husb
the employee sold me with her story of her use of the serum
i am replacing it with korres
i used it in my "get unready" with me video on my youtube channel
figured it was my imagination
my friends regularly comment on the brightness of my skin
this is my little secret
it was truly a miracle in a pump bottle.
korres forgive me for my infidelity!
i am i love with korres wild rose line
this from someone who can't st
i am in my early thirties with fair skin
i spoke to a sephor rep with nice skin around my age
tried it while visiting her in ny
i only "discovered" the br
since i went into menopause
i am more of a natural girl /gardener than an expert on beauty products
i am my mid thirties
my friend recommended this to me
one of my favorite products.
on the advice of a friend
bummed when if became unavailable in-store
several friends raved about it
i got this as the set for my mother in law for her birthday
work at sephora skin care consultant is my title
even though i've since moved back to ca
i lent some to my mom, and she loves it to!
just went on my yearly exam with my dermatologist
i live that this has spf 30 in it
it is my favorite
i've used a lot of different br
after ignoring my mother's advice for years
i tried another br
i found this at sephora since i am trying to save $
i've used this as a moisturizer since i was a teenager
like when i was a teenager :
my mother has always been picky about anything
my sis recommended it to me since i was having no luck
i love the confidence i've gained back since i had my son
that's a plus in my book
after reading the reviews
i am sort of a product junkie
it came with recommendations from a friend
my face is addicted
one star off for the ridic price
large pores from the time i was a teenager
i am 36 years old
i am 36 years old
the nicest face cream i've purchased
hello to my 3 essentials from lancome absolue
i am a product junkie
i cringed at the price
maybe the jar is old??
i am in my 20s
this is probably my 3rd or 4th jar.
says i smell like i'm wearing carolina herrera 212 for men
had a full hysterectomy at 33
mother nature catches up to you
way too procey but man, what a luxury.
makes my old 53yo skin very happy
my mom loved it
this pic was taken in 2016.
my mother introduced it to me as she uses the entire absolue line
i cringed at the price
my mom is the one who use this
that to her says more than a thous
i am on my 10th bottle of it.
i swear by it.
i got it for my dad
i am 48 years old
names to no name br
absolue is the best for my age group
made in a monastery by monks" has something to do with it
rews sings "these are a few of my favorite things
literally sang that out of pure happiness lol
thank you fresh for saving my skin!
i told myself this was practically free
i cannot sing its praises enough
bless those monks who make this!
my friend is probably a bigger cosmetic junkie than i am
my mom uses it too and loves it.
it worked like a dream
as that is my lifelong habit
neck since i can remember
i can ramble on
instead i will stick to the facts: i am 52 years old
this is working wonders for my 44 yo skin
the money wasted is another story
n my mid-30s so worried about aging
the beauty technician in sephora took me to this
first bought the powder from a recommendation from a friend
after my aunt told me about shisedo
i am a 54 yr old
this is a favorite of mine.
she swears it has minimized her fine lines
am trying to convince my twin sister she has to buy this cream
at the lovely age of 27
after a week of using shiseido products i am totally hooked
will never use another br
i splurged on this little bottle and i love it.
so as a black woman
being stationed in germany
a coworker complimented me on my skin
i am so glad that this eye cream was recommended to me by the ever so helpfulbeauty advisor
i tried a lot of br
i love waking up to glowing
i recently went to my gyn for an annual checkup
thank u sephora for carrying this product.
best thing next to surgery, i promise.
i live near boulder
my mum like it.
my mum likes it.
tons of problem you name it
i initially bought this product for my mother for anti-wrinkle
i am ordering another one
i recommended this product to all of my friends
i am a product junkie
i am not stuck on one br
seeked out this cream
the shiseido benefiance eye cream was the bomb
the dryness went bye bye
recommended to co workers and friends.
or its sister product
ever since i chose this
would recommend this to a friend
just one item in my shiseido regiment.
so did my sister
greets me in the morning
benefiance wrinkleresist24 is one of my new favorites
i switched to some other name br
i am no beauty
this is my opinion
my friend's mother used this line until she was eighty
boy was i impressed.
she tentatively recommended this cream because i was in my 20s
i've only just bought my 3rd bottle because this lasts
ive had mine for about 2 months
took it with me when i visited family for the holidays
i am 53 and it works wonders.
so have my friends
i tell every woman i know about it
i am still struggling to find the holy grail
several friends have commented on the dissapearence of my lines
i don't look near my age 40
after reading the reviews i decided to buy one for myself
and then i tried this gem of a product!
its not a miracle worker
my mom is 53 years old
ive had this sample for the longest
have hopped between br
now i found this
so deduct one star
one of my faves and must have staples!!!
i am 20 years old
hiding all of my 50 yr-old lines
i got this in a sephora favorites
i am religious about applying twice daily
i keep these by my bedside table
she was raving about them after she got home
now i always give them along with a baby gift at showers
i went to the shiseido booth
when she applied it
regretting that i didn't start this br
i decided to go with some drug store br
i keep these in my gym bag.
when i do it's for a party or celebration
i felt like i just had a bath
i never leave town without a pack.
i also love to use them on the airplane
i've heard people suggest baby wipes
i love to have these in my gym bag.
perfect for my gym bag
i toss these in my gym bag
i originally bought this for after the gym
i got addicted right away.
perfect for the gym bag.
100% cotton...best demake up ever.
on-the-go lifestyle
i tried another well-known br
these cleansing clothes were recommended to me when i moved to nyc last month
i keep them at my desk
refresh after taking the subway
i made my 14year old boy use it becuase he has dry skin
it is very short lived
wedding, black-tie events, etc).
plus my mom used this brand back in the day.
a friend bought this for me for christmas
i am positively blown away.
i am at 19 to 25 age range.
however i am irritated by the bottle
i am 49 years old
my daughter introduced me to this product
everyone in my family uses it too: my tween daughter
i decided to go for a new br
that my mother is very fond of
as i was in my teens
it has already become a top favorite of mine
my friend recommended it to me.
my family went shiseido crazy
i've tried lots of top br
i live in the desert southwest
my boyfriend's mom just so happened to get him one
pump for all over my fave
i only wish i would have known about this in my teen
i am a less oily happy camper
my sister introduced me to this and i love it!
this product is my savior!
where the star was lost is the alcohol content
i think this is the moisturizer equivalent of my soul mate
we've been married since it first came out-- maybe the 90s?
as that's the driest part
boy, am i glad i did!
a dear friend at my local sephora suggested this product
we went to the gift shop
i tried so many br
i am 57 and my skin drinks it up.
plus, i see my boyfriend using it on dry days.
this is a great product for men and women!
i received this product when i worked at a makeup store from my manager who said it was good for oily skin--
i recently fell in love with shiseido products
good for winters in canada, great for night time.
this is one of my favorite
my husband and i have both used this.
i saw a review by an mua on youtube who swears by it
perfect for skin around 30 yr old
i am still young
thank you to regina for requesting this it works wonders
i think i finally hit the jackpot!
this item was suggested to me
got this for my mom, she loves this cream!
i believe someone already mentioned it was "old lady-esque"
i would echo that comment
i got this in my mystery bag during my last transaction
this cream is a dream.
'm happy to be the guinea pig
i decided to try another "famous" br
i actually tried 3 other br
my 56 year old face looked like it aged 10 yrs
acually i went to buy this cream for my mom
shes loving this cream like never before
she feels a diffrence in her skin
i am a happy lady!
even my fiance noticed the difference
i would never rob this product of a star for that one small thing
i am getting older
however the manager in-store was not pleasant
act as if her sales associate was'nt competent to h
i found this product in the 70s when going to college in boston
i am from northern maine and i was a noxema.
my mother started using this product
simply because i don't want to get toasted in summer on a trip to the waterpark :-p so anyway
as i got older
the only thing i don't love is the old-lady packaging
i get more compliments from friends
what it does for my mother
s from forgetting to sunscreen them for a 15 minute bike ride
when i win the lottery i will fill a bathtub with it
if this cream were a student
this one is now on my favorites list
so my girlfriend suggested i try her cream
from my female friends
just bought another one for her
great christmas present for her!
my mom has been usin' it since i was a lil' kid
she must be doin' somethin' right cause she's in her 50's
looks like she's in her 30's
we "suposedly" age well
it's only been a couple wks
answer section when one woman was begging people not to use it
every morning my tired face is literally "beaming" in the bathroom mirror-lol
neck faithfully to get best results
she has loved her results as well
the later is so luxurious.
i received this as a sample from my aunt who swears by this line
i've seen this also work on asians
i am using this
i am left looking like a raccoon afterwards
sister actually got me into this product
my mom used it for about 2-3 weeks
my money was well spent
fyi i have recently
joined the 45-54 age group
my mom also loves it.
it's a match made in heaven
my heart belongs to this one
i took this with me on a girls trip to cancun
my hubby got to it first
let me explain: i am a half seneca nation decendant
is that after my 2nd year at university
i also grew up om the water
as a young child in 80s-early 90s
all of a sudden i was my mother (*gasp*, right?)
beauty counter sales people do not like being paid in waitress all $1 tip money
my sister "borrowed" the rest of tube
her philosophy was that i hade a new order coming
it was love at first white
i got this as a 100 pt perk and fell in love.
germ when i walk outside my home
this is my favorite.
i got my sister hooked too.
this is my favorite
as another reviewer said
my asian mom forced it on me
now that i am in my 30s
it had me so paranoid
i think my sun spots from my caribbean beach trip last november is fading
shiseido is by far my favorite br
i am in my 20s.
as i got older
the cream itself is a dream
this is definitely a keeper
my friend also use this line
a high end product guinea pig for a friend who writes about products for a local magazine
as for brightning the jury is still out
i am only 37 years old
i even had a male co-worker comment that my skin looked great
girls, sleeping over somewhere?
ever since i came to new york city
this remains my favorite
i didnt notice that til that customer pointed it out to me
in spite of being a former smoker
al about eyes rich gave my skin a healthy foundation to age well
i've tried many many br
which is my favorite
gifted by my aunt
thank you clinic for this amazing rich eye cream.
then decided to stray because i'm a product junkie
i work on the computer
thumbs up from this girl.
this is an excellent product that my girlfriend recommended i try for my puffy eyes
tender someone suggested this
im 25 yrs old and this is great on my skin.
at one pint i ran out
i am 20 years old
i've never found an eye cream that's wowed me.
when i spoke to the ren representative at the sephora store
i fell in love!
move on to a different br
a lady that works there recommended ren.
i knew i was addicted
the sales lady recommended this to me
a sales person at the store said her skin seemed alot like mine acne wise
will definitely buy this again though ♥
om breakout i have had a journey
this was a life saver for me!
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
almost reminds me of earl grey tea in the best way possible
i love this br
my sisters are hooked on it too after trying mine
using ren in college
i am addicted now.
im on my second bottle :)
i've never written a review before
a friend had raved about this product line in the past
i keep mine in the shower.
i thank the salesgirl at sephora for turning me onto ren
i read other reviews
i am currently on acutane
i swear i feel younger in the morning
philosophy-- for a moment i even tried johnson
am a firm believer in ren
i am now a lifelong user!
my 14 year old daughter has very sensitive skin
t gets 4 stars for now
have nothing to compare as a man i don't jump around br
lots of compliments from friends i haven't seen in years
the woman that helped me was wonderful.
work as an attorney
i look more awake when i use ren.
my boyfriend started working overnight
still searching for a miracle here.
the product was suggested by one of the store clerks
i love the store clerks in my store
still wanting to help my mother
i am a grad student
most of it i have my father to thank for.
they are hereditary in my family
i tried this product on a whim
my search is over
youth as directed by bliss
both husband & i love this night time face cream.
after i had my baby
i live in the northeast
i apply to my neck
i originaly got a trial size of this.
have deducted one star
this one is a keeper
i've never heard of this br
excited to continue on my ren trek toward healthy skin
i also am very red
i got my mom hooked on it
her skin is totally different than mine
then bought it as a special treat for my mother
i am getting close to 60 years old
we're at a beach resort
it's taken a lot of abuse during this trip to the beach
it was my first experience with ren
my mom said i look ten years younger!!
this could be a new love affair product.
i've recently fallen in love with ren
i am not a big mask person
this is my absolute favorite
a few months ago i got a ren face mask as a free gift at a sephora store
my sister loves it more than me
feel kate summerville is better- discovered kate after this purchase
i leave it on for about 10 mins
this is one of my favorites
bought this for my 14-year-old.
i am always worried she will break the bottle in the shower
i read the other reviews
i went to the store today
you have a winner product
i met an esthetician/part time sephora employee who recommended this
this is my 3rd bottle
my daughter being 12 also doesn't do well "step" products
as i was on my last tube
i went to sephora and was recommended this.
all of which you can get at walmart
it's now an avid part of my skin routine.
i tried everything: switching birth controls
like another reviewer said
the bottle being glass makes me scared when it's on my shower ledge
my coworker recommended this product to me after our shift at sephora
dermadoctor please go back to the old packaging.
i finally found dermadoctor's ain't misbehaving
the only thing that really worked was birth control
this was recommended to me by an employee in the mall of america store around november
this girl is a skincare beast
leave it for about 4-6 mins
i also copped myself the dermadoctor ain't misbehavin' skin clarifying
my girl got the juice baby
thank you tony for your recommendation
it has saved me on numerous occassions.
i decided a few years back to forgo hormonal birth control
i tried this product on a whim almost solely because the sales associate kept harassing me about it
this surely lived upto its name!
when i weaned myself off of hormonal birth control
a half after giving birth
i searched on the sephora website
stumbled upon dermadoctor because i thought the packaging was adorable
this saved my skin!
i've finally discovered something that works
the lady at sephora recommended this to me
i am 20 years old.
the fact that i workout
i got this for christmas
suddenly my skin was like i was a teenager again
i felt like a teenager again.
i visited sephora near by
to my dismay it was discontinued.
i am 38 years old
after explaining to the skincare employee at sephora i was having a break out on my chin which she suggested might be hormonal
i am wearing no makeup around my boyfriend
my friend told me about it
one of the ladies there sold me on this
never heard of the br
you'll fall in love not only with the br
i live in the desert
the skin consultant said that this br
t's a real insecurity for me
this is by far the best br
i visited my local sephora store
the gal who helped me suggested this
leann at the barton creek location told me about this product
boy did my skin not like being without it
i am now a loyal fan!
this is my 4th or 5th tube.
one of the cast mates recommended this
i've completely changed my diet
even when i fall off the diet wagon
nothing worked, until i met dermadoctor.
i trust her with products
she's very knowledgable about her products
worse than when i first tried the eradikate from kate somerville
i am a serious product junkie
i am 26 years old
my boyfriend loves it, too!
it was pricey for something i'd buy in a store rather than from a doctor or esthetician
secluded to left side only
nothing came close to this magic god sent potion
the girl recommend this at sephora is truly my savior
turn to a doctor until this
have never regretted my purchase
when i feel the knot or even the sensation of one
have been told by the salesman to only use at night
got this for my daughter who had back acne.
i tried everything from medication to murad
when i discovered this product
maybe a blessing in disguise
a helpful staffer asked about my needs
thank you sephora for training your staff!.
my skin apparently decided to go through puberty at the age of 24
i am on my 3rd bottle
i am on my 3rd bottle
this was suggested to me
which in my opinion
then i have to reapply
i am 30 years old
this product saved me.
the title is true.
read about this product in a magazine
my 14 year old son started using too with good results
i found it after a magazine article recommended it
i wish 16 year old me had ahold of this!!
a sephora rep taught me this regime years ago
i would defiantly recommend this product to friends
finally took it with me when i was traveling to canada
holy mother of skin-care products!
my boyfriend even uses it
n love i made my boyfriend touch my face after the shower lol
i am a firm believer!
i returned my old products
i couldn't believe it as a grown woman
i am a lifer with the purity all-in-one every single night to remove my makeup
so this has been the perfect answer to my prayers
i am in my mid twenties with combination-oily
i remembered the last time my skin looked good i was using this
put it in my cabinet
great for teens as my daughter uses it as well
this stuff changed my life.
my cousin actually asked me what foundation i was using to cover up all of my redness
my skin felt released
this is heaven sent
i call it my 'mini clarisonic in a bottle'
i wish i would've found this earlier.
my skin was in badness town
i am putting this product in my shopping cart right now
i am using both the am
i took out my birth-control
boy was i right
i wanted to wait before writing a review
i also started drinking only water
never cared for them
this is my favorite
on my 3rd bottle i think
because my mom was "h
ing down" some promo products she received
it's a great overnight fixer.
i live in toronto where the winters can be brutally cold
i used a lot of different br
was disappointed by all the hype or reacted to the other br
been using it since november
this product saved me
this is my stalwart staple that i remain addicted to
don't look 10 years younger
my mother commented that my skin looked sad
this was a serendipitous discovery!!
i've tried many different br
this one is my favorite
at the recommendation of a friend
even after 2 months of religous use
a saleslady at the clinique counter in lord
taylor pressured me into buying this
i gave it to my mom
my brother ended up using it
i am totally addicted.
this is my favorite
i cant call it my new fav security blanket
i would be devastated if it was ever discontinued
the super rescue lived up to its name
saved my skin this winter
the people in their 20s
was in general a bad actor
or i am in denial {:>
i took this to my dermatologist & she loved it.
i knew that there was not ptr in japan after i returned to japan
people are guesiing i am in my early 30's- nope i am 50
f you're sitting on the fence
i am 55 years old so i definitely need eye cream.
i am 55 years old
this was referred to me by a sephora employee
i just had to write a review
ever since it was recommended to me by a sephora employee
my friend who works at sephora
i never tout a product as a miracle worker
even wore it to the beach
my mother called it 'angelic' which i have never heard her say
am ordering another bottle
a woman who works at sephora suggested this
i've tried everything drugstore br
my skin freaked out
it's one of the only two face product br
this one product is my favorite
finally someone suggested i try this bc i was already using the clay bar
i consider this line a keeper!
as i am almost 40
some of the fabulous ladies at sephora in burlington
ma offered this as an option for my oily face
i think i found a winner
my skin has ben in great condition ever since purchasing the clarisonic
i've tried plenty from different br
the saleswoman told me to use as little as possible :
this is a miracle worker.
i sound this jem 2 years ago
on since high school
i am in my early twenties
treat yo'self to great skin, my friends.
a bottle last me ages which is great
my skin broke out awful in highschool
i am so upset at myself that it took me until the age of 23 to try clinique products
omly found it again in my cabinet
i loved washing my face
this has been my all star combination
i live by this
as a set last february
until a friend recommended this line to me
i started getting acne when i was in 4th-5th grade
my skin is not thanking me for it
than my neighbor told me about clinique products that have worked for her with her adult acne
i am a massive fan
i am 44 years old
she's actually washing her face!
i started doing a lot of cardio recently
since i was a teen with this product
started using pharmacy br
even my husband started using this face wash.
i must tell you that i am sold to clinique since my teen years having seriously sensitive skin
i've tried just about every br
you can find at a drugstore
it absolutely destroyed my skin
killed the cyst completely
i got the same prescription from my doctor.
i spent $20 for the appointment
very happy i splurged on this little miracle worker
like before a party or a wedding :
i am on my 5th tube.
which one of my friends told me is the secret key to clearing pimples
i couldn't figure out for the longest time why my pillowcases
this is my life saver!
i know because i ordered for her
i realized i hadn't tried the clinique line
his birthday is in 2 days
he will have his party
for us older women
im a high school student
i gave the sample tube to my teenage niece
i've even seen a differnce from the am to pm application
i read reviews on this before purchasing since i have dark circles
it has become my best friend.
it disappears from my medicine cabinet because my husb
so not a "miracle in a tube"
even got my husband using it.
when i went to college
i got a sample of this for my 16 yr old daughter.
she swears this works
works on female skin
in this past july
everyone from my boyfriend
murad has a life time customer out of me!
it's not a miracle worker
the lady at sephora recommend this to me
'm constantly dealing with old
i recently went to see an esthetician at a local
the sephora girl told me to try this
4 days into useing this
omg best decision ever
was embarrassed to wear dresses or show my legs for the longest time
all my coworkers were raving about how much my skin was glowing
i originally bought this for my bf.
boy was she right
i've recently confessed that i'm a pimple picker
i am a girl with really oily skin
i am addicted to this product.
similar to the actress megan good
today my coworkers asked me what i use on my skin
then i feel invincible
im planning too soon
i can be a picker
my husband purchased this and uses them everyday.
much to my mother's chagrin
even my father loves them!
my husband loves these pads.
has used the same drugstore br
of pads since he was a teenager
bought this as a present for my roommate.
my husband bought this for him and he loves it!!
my husband loves this product.
bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
sometimes when i run out of my product i find myself borrowing his
even with my college student budget
that is a killer deal!
who had been introduced to these by her brother
the girlfriend had been very pleased with how they worked for her
suggested them to our teen
it seems that this girlfriend was on the right track
i got these for my bf like a month ago.
my boyfriend had some oily skin
i told him to ues them every day
my husband loves these pads!
my gf use several antony logistics products
decided to pick this up when i was at sephora w/ my sister
must-have for any anthony for men addicts!
one in my desk drawer
one in my gym bag
i keep it in my gym bag
boy this is stuff is one of my holy grails
i've never written a review until now
i've used a few thing by this br
my boyfriend also noticed a difference.
the smell assaulted my eyes
i ordered this because i'm a huge fan of caudalie's s
this stuff is killer
when i use it religiously
it's good for me since i live in a relative dry region
this was my favorite
my stepsister just moved out of the house
get carded all the time when i go to our mall
after trying many br
this is by far my favorite
used it a week before my wedding
i am rarely monogamous with my beauty products
which is why i gave it 4 stars
since i am in my 20s
i recommended it to my mom
im in my early twenties and love this product.
my friend even told me when she saw me the next day after using it that my skin looked amazing
it's like treating your skin to a wine night out with the girls
caudalie is one of my favorite br
this product is a keeper
i trusted this br
an associate recommended this to me after a disaster w/ kate somerville's line
my skin looks like it did when i was a teenager
i shared my new secret with her
took me to the ptr section
people say i haven't aged a day
i live in the desert
give it some time ladies
this is my 3rd jar in as many years!
my friends have noticed the results
have asked me for my secret
her skin looks amazing i'm deffenetly buying it again for her
spfs are like a death sentence to me
i lived in az for 11 years
i've tried everything from the pharmacy br
i am on my 5th jar
it's a keeper just as the other ptr products i have grown to love
asking what my secret was
i am 53 years old and take good care of my skin.
"defy your age" beauty awards
ive been using this bar since freshmen year of high school
the fab body bar
this saved me from outbreaks
this bar last forever!
i love this soap, i just ordered my second bar.
in fact bought one for my wife as a gift
saw a one star review of it
this soap has been a god-send!
body breakouts run in my family
my siblings all suffer from it
thank god mine is not severe
my boyfriend tried the product too.
i then tried this soap bar
in my video i posted before
i love that it comes it the caddy to protect it.
teenage for "i like the soap!"
this is a miracle bar
i am not usually a bar soap fan
this stuff is the bomb
trying everything from drugstore br
s to proactiv to the bank-breakers
where has this soap been all my life?
bar lasted me like 2yrs as i keep it stored in its case
in my junior year of high school
going into my senior year of college
i would have to edit
i wouldn't post them on any of my social networking profiles or show them to my friends
every girl deserves to feel pretty in her own skin
i clicked on her link to the clinique website
i read about the product, first.
i walked into my local sephora store
this is my favorite bar soap!
says some over reviewer
my bf has even started using this soap as well
since it is a bar
my old regimen just stopped working
you'll thank me later
my sister actually bought this and gave it to me.
i made my boyfriend use this
mindy my product consultant was amazing
this is a keeper for me
when i was a wie-little teen i had some very bad acne
i am using this in conjunction with this br
the girl at sephora told me to try this
this is my saving grace
as a person who neglected good skin care when younger
i am 22 years old
i loved the way it frothed
my skin looks wonderful - even during af!
i am a fan for life!
i am kicking myself for straying from this product
i recently got off of my birth control pill
i've tried almost every drugstore br
a friend of mine has been using the product
found it to be an amazing cleanser so she told me about it
i recently changed my birth control
i discovered boscia when i was pregnant
bought this for my hubby as he has issues with blackheads
i am officially hooked!
it is my holy grail and i am sticking with it.
works well with my clarisonic mia at getting out makeup
i first got the product in a trial size with the sponge which i loved
first aid beauty are the last few br
i think i have finally found a keeper!
this stuff is god sent..
i looked for a treatment
which is why i gave is 4 stars
i apologize for the long review.
i just recently bought a bottle
ive been using this product since last monday.
the woman in the store recommended this after i explained what i wanted
i never leave reviews
after i stopped taking my birth control my face began to get so many pimples… i spoke to a woman at sephora
she recommended me this
this is my absolute favorite
have been a diehard user for a year
while on vacation i visited a sephora store to buy some blinc mascara
two days my teen son and teen daughter used this.
the girl who helped me suggested i use it as an all over treatment
the jury is still out
the skin care person on duty suggested this
this put "manners" on my skin
holy trail for me.
my face is always having a party haha
throughly removed my nars foundation
i read every review and ordered.
angry skin: this is for you
i would regret giving 5 stars
i am holding strong at those 5 stars.
i am a big fan of this cleanser now.
this one is in my top 2 favorites of all time
we're on a trip to the beach.
this was a gift for my mom who made the mistake of using cheap eye shadow
one of my favorite clinique items .
i went into my local store
plus, your wallet will love you.
first time that i tried this was with an old container of it that i found in my house
bought this cream as a last resort
found my new forever product.
thank god for my friend at clinique who turned me to this stuff
this one is the winner
i am on my third jar of this product
its already my favorite
a friend gave me her jar of this because she didn't care for it
a friend whom i hadn't seen in months ran into me the other day
my brother told me the other day
his words, not mine!
i am on my 2nd bottle of this product
it was recommended by my aunt who is a make-up artist
also bought for my mother
my mum has been using it all year long.
my mum is a dry-skin-type.
after her nonstop recommending
i remember by aunt using this line when i was younger
every time i tried a different br
grew up in a warm beach town
i used the benefiance line from age 30- 35
i give my daughters both shiseido products
this is the best i have seen my skin since i was a young kid
was amazed at the results
my boyfriend works nights
being in my 40's i baby my skin
this is one of my go tos.
thank you ren for bringing back my glow.
i don't have to get dressed
bright like i was 10 year younger
this mask has saved me a trip to the skin clinic
...on, say, an island.
while i'll always be a makeup girl
this was my first purchase from the ren br
first of all, i am a huge fan of ren.
this mask is my absolute favorite
it's not an instant miracle worker
loooooove and this will stay in my cupboard.
this time borrowing from my sister
this is my favorite mask
tried first time based to my friend recommendation
it reminds me of a pumpkin mask i used years ago.
the next day i was amazed how my skin was glowing
in 2 uses i am seeing
i told her the origins modern friction
she told me to try this ren renewal mask instead
s down my favorite
the first time i tried this i couldn't st
this is my all time favorite ren product.
often am mistaken for 40
i am crazy about masks and this mask is my no.
i put this baby on
am loving the results
had my makeup professionally done for my birthday
i guess i shouldn't judge a book by its cover.
she then became super excited
she showed me this product
my only complaint is that my skin is tacky for a while after application
then i remembered i just started using this product
girls on my skin lately
this product is literally a miracle in a bottle!
have never written a review before
i am a skin-care junkie.
the salesgirl @ my sephora store used it herself
discovered a whole new world
today when i woke up my boyfriend had said to me " you look like your glowing
this is the first review i ever wrote
i got this product at a sephora store after a employee told me about it
even my mother is hooked
but wow - this is a keeper.
t since i was in my teens
someone said my skin was like a porcelain doll!!!
one for my mom
one for my twin sister
i got my first bottle of this as a gift
had to buy three more bottle for my mom
bought this on recommendation of co worker so glad i did
i first heard about this product from one of my favorite youtube beauty gurus'
she raved about it so it seemed worth a shot.
this booster is now my best friend.
why philosophy has a winner on their h
i even bought it for my 79 year old mother where after just one time of putting it in her moisturizer says her skin felt instantly smoother
i am a plastic surgeon
at first i was upset b/c i had just spent $30 on something so small
i am on my second pot of this amazing eye cream.
people have stopped commenting on how "tired" i look
the lady there recommended this
another lady told me that i don't have dark circles
i started paying attention
this cream is a dream
itd be my eyecream for life
here is my photo and i am 56.
i am a fan for life.
the girl at sephora recommended this eye cream i was hesitant bc of the price
i found the product worked for me
i started using this after a recommendation from a friend
my husband and friends all noticed.
since my mother uses it as well
i am 24 years old
i live in the desert
on my 5th or 6th bottle now.
the dirge of my existance
pass on the info
3rd son was born 8 weeks ago
is that of my children
one word to describe this amazinggggg!!
this one instantly became a favorite of mine
a friend of mine asked to take home a sample
my mother in law is a sample queen
i am currently on my 2nd jar
this was recommended to me
i recently moved to western ny
thanks mom for getting me hooked.
i wish i could swim in this!
i swear by this.
jaclyn hill recently said she loved this
i recently decided to try out this product after seeing a blogger using it
my mom introduced me to moisture surge
since she's the queen of clinique
this always rescues my skin
it is helping me keep the secret that i am 60 years old
non-resident throughout the night
does wonders for this 59 yr old dry neck
a match made in heaven!
winter being -10 minnesota winters
every time my mom is around
this saved my skin
i am soon to be repurchising
i tried this in store
i lived in colorado for a year
live in a tropical country
i need this in my bag
have use clinique since i was a teenager
when ups arrived at my house my 8yr old daughter grabbed the box
omg my foundation was on point
i received this as a beauty insider reward
holy cow this stuff is amazing!
nobody mentioned it burns?
i didn't even notice until a friend mentioned the she disliked it for the smell
an employee at sephora showed me this product
s of dollars finding a convo that would stay all day
reminded me of something my gr
i am in my 40's
i feel like i've discovered a miracle
i loved it so much i splurged on the 2 oz jar!
i fell in love.
i got this with my bi points
i've not had great luck with this br
my kiddos keep me pretty exhausted most of the time
i am 30 years old
this is dead skin
i am 49 years old, and no one believes it.
have read many of his books
i am 56 years old
my hubby nuzzled my cheek the other day
i think they should have named this as face perfecting finisher
my mom is in love with the compliments about how young her skin looks
dr. perricone is a miracle worker.
i learned my lesson
i am 59 years old
being the picker that i am
all while you're sleeping
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
an italian woman walked by me
while picking up a necklace at a shop in walnut creek
"there's that beautiful woman
i am hooked on this cream.
my doctor tells me my skin is excellent.
was a little dissappointed that it's back in an "old-time" jar
it has lived up to it's claims
i will be devoted to this cream forever!
i always thought the perricone line was a scam
i always look forward to my trip to my local sephora store in austin texas
even my husband loves this product!
also, i love the smell - like a newborn baby!
he said he swore by it
i deducted a star because it has a glass bottle
dk why this doesn't have five stars all across the board
my mom and sisters all use it!
i am 58 years old.
i am never ashamed to walk out of my home without my makeup
i ended up using my friends cheaper product
i am truly blown away
product that i had leftover in my vanity
it is my new dream team
loved and reordered over and over.
"i'll just stop in one of the sephoras here in france
to my dismay i found that the french sephoras don't carry perricone products
i asked for advice
it was wonderful to return home
finally my mom suggested i try perricone products
t did the job of cleaning/ i am 26
my 20 year old sister felt the same way i did
am loving the results
i think that was overdrying his
it made me gag
have suffered from teenage
even my 14 year old daughter loves the moisturizer
i've indulged in his products for years
confirmed by 2 teenagers who are brutally honest
i am new to this line and already am addicted!
the sales assistant could not believe my age
i tried this cleanser at the suggestion of a sephora associate who told me it would help brighten my complexion
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
i pair this with my clarisonic
i always assumed it was a br
after reading the perricone promise i learned about the anti inflammatory lifestyle
becoming a fan on his facebook page
ive tried quite a few
a nice sephora lady gave me a generous sample of this eye treatment
would recommend this prooduct to a friend
i tried this in the store
when i tell them my daughter is 21 they are shocked
have to make provisions each time i visit the beautiful usa
this is my favorite perricone product.
the salewoman told me i would
i am 32 years old
boy was it worth the wait
i actually got carded last night for a glass of merlot at a restaurant
when she saw that i was born in 1971!!
she is 60+ years old
she wanted to know what i have been using…i’m 40 years old
i am 30 years old.
boy am i glad i did
recently went on vacation
i loved this product in the store.
the young lady was very sweet
i stopped using both my aria
since i live in a warmer climate
i am still not 100% comfortable with a glass container in my shower since my youngest child also uses this shower frequently
i've wasted more $$$ trying other br
i told anna @ sephora not to let me try any other br
always go back to dr
i went to sephora to meet their skin expert
by far my favorite product from dr. perricone!
now that i am in my 30's
my chicks are a little dry
dr. perricone products keep me looking young!!
my bf hates it
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
we're at a beach resort
think jack nicholson in the shining
it was driving me nuts
i am rating 4 stars out of hope for this product
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
i went to the perricone flagship store in nyc
every single friend i have has commented on how smooth my chest/face is
my mother to feel my face
this is from friends
face-lifting miracle worker
also check out his other diet advice for an amazing complexion
its not a miracle worker
my mother also said i looked a little more radiant
i am my worst critic
i swear i have been searching high
i am 53 years old
those nay-sayer youngsters will love it too
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
it's a great addition to my regiment
i call this "my holy water" !!!
just my 3rd bottle and still loving it.
have been using it faithfully morning
it was not a holy grail product for me
since ive been using this ive braked out a little
i am euphoric for this product.
my skin was garbage
i ordered one of the ole gift packages that had minis of their customer's favorites
a lady at sephora recommended it to me
i am in my thirties
then i found this baby!!!
my daughter loves this as well
my mom got this cleanser as a gift from my stepdad
this is my 3rd bottle and i'm in love.
now it's rare for me to have a breakout even when aunt flo visits
on my husbands side of the shower!!!!
my husband has oily skin.
he refuses to stop stealing my cleanser
so glad i took her advice!
this bottle lasts forever
i keep it in the fridge
i believe the lady in the store told me the br
is initially designed for pregnant ladies
that's my only complaint
philosophy miracle worker pads
this was my first purchase from ren
my husband even said something about it!
currently the ren keep young
so this was recommended to me by a consultant at sephora
family are commenting on how refreshed i look
i am not one to write comments on products
after moving to the midwest
ran to our favorite ladies at sephora for help
was recommended by a friend
this is one of the nicest
trips to the polluted city
the woman helping me suggested this product
i am nearing 30yrs old
she told me that philosophy has alcohol in it
i live in a hot
i am fanatical about using gentle
not a big fan of this dispenser
it is fine if i am just wearing it under bb cream
definitely will be trying more ren products on my next shopping adventure
writing this for my sister
a lot of people rave about the korres rose
i actually exchanged my dior hydraction cream for this one
its driving me crazy
nothing i tried worked
when i frist tried this br
meet me up for dinner asked me what i used
how this line was developed for pregnant women
this product is vegan
i went out of town
i am so obsessed with ren!
thank you for carrying it sephora
that's with a sneaky boyfriend stealing some now
i wish it came in a jumbo bottle
it has saved my skin
i found my boyfriend has also started using it for his sensitive skin
the moment i applied this moisturizer to my face i knew i found what i've been searching for
i recommend to all my friends.
my mom uses it too!
recently i started swimming again
the girl at the seattle center location was great
i recently attended a vip rouge party
the ren associate was there
my sephora store was so helpful
this was recommended to me by an sa at sephora as i was perusing the ren section
tried a few items from the ren line
this is a wonderful lightweight product that was recommended to me by a friend
so when the saleslady introduced this product to me
you pick up no name drug store singles for $9-$10ea
love this bad boy!
check me out on yelp or my blog
i almost never write reviews
i hanged out with friends till 4am
which is my mother tongue
i am addicted to this black face mask.
i read about this product in a magazine
say it performed a miracle
i took a couple of pictures
i tried a different br
definetly to use at night
fresh was my favorite
then in place of the lotus
i confess i balked at paying nearly $100 for a face cream
thankful the sephora employee pointed me to this br
i heard about this cream from a youtuber.
i am a middle aged woman
this cream is the bomb!
when they quit carrying it locally i asked my favorite sephora rep for a replacement recommendation
i am a little shocked at the price
as i have aged
sagging skin runs in my family
it happened that i had a sample of black tea age-delay cream
absolutely love black tea age delay cream!
my daughter is home for christmas break
i am giving it for christmas to others too.
living in alaska where it can be dry
has grown on me
bought this for my mom.
my mother commented that i had a beautiful face- hello
my idol even noticed!
it has been a joy to use.
my friend got me this for christmas
i got it in my 500 pt perk
when i become a kept woman i will buy this
today some woman at a retail store i was shopping at told me i had beautiful skin
i've never tried this br
this girl is out of my league.
-1 star because i'm not the 1%
was also shocked i wasn't wearing any makeup
i just got to vib status
this is my fav mask.
am also a full time student
this mask has been my lifesaver
my bf also agrees.
i received this in a christmas gift set
i am ok after this mask
that's my own personal opinion
this is my favorite.
i live in chicago where the summers are hot
i live a good mask
needless to say, not in my cart.
purchased the big boy
i spend $8 on my favorite farmacy masks
my face was a dry flakey desert until i got the rose mask deluxe sample for my sephora birthday gift
i went from drug store buyer to a religious sephora believer
god forbid i accidentally sleep in my makeup
unless it comes with the cabana boy to put it on
i find that relaxing
my one of favorite masks
i am a mask junkie
i got home at 4 a.m.
my mom steals it from me too.
the only thing that kills me is the price
first off let me say i'm a college student with lots of stress
i find it to be relaxing.
the lost dreams of pubescent romeos?
i got this as a gift and have used it 1-2x/week.
as i last remember
i am almost 60 years old with dry skin type
now i am obsessed
because i've got the secret weapon
i left mine in a hotel
i am in my earl 30s
recently my mom discovered this in the shower
a friend uses this with her clarisonic
she swears by it
my husband loves it too.
have been loving it ever since
now my son is using it too
i don't splurge on all department store br
the sales person recommended this for me since the store stopped carrying skynn icel
i tried every drug store br
im in my late 20s
thanks lancome you saved my life
s of dollars going to doctors
my aunt has this
my new found love!
a friend and i were trying out new looks.
i buy as gifts for my family
it seriously saved my skin
a friend recommended this to me due to my sensitive
some of the big br
my mom tried it
adamant about skin care
my only complaint is that my boyfriend steals it because he loves it too
bought it for my husband and he loves it.
my sister-in-law raved about this product to me
why i rated it 4 stars
my skin went absolutely bananas
it was seriously a miracle
can't remember the name
until i found this little gem
i started using this cleanser when i was in grade 6 after finding it in the back of my mom's bathroom cupboard
i am in my early twenties.
this is my 4th tube.
lancome is an amazing br
u will fell in love with it ❤️
i borrowed some of this cleanser from my mother when i ran out of my own
received it as a gift from my secret santa
my teenage daughter also tried it
after my best friend recommended the lancome cleansing water to me
i work nights as a nurse
all in the name of commerce
one of my favorite products.
this one is a keeper
i got a bottle for christmas
saw this on michelle phan's youtube video
my friend who had oily skin also uses this
i even use this to wipe my 4 year old sons face down at night
stumbled upon an earlier version of this by an elderly woman whose skin was flawless
my teenage daughter with acne uses it
daughter loves it too
this one has been a favorite
i got a small bottle of josie's oil in a kit from the holidays
from someone who has few to no holy grail items i can't live without
til death do us part
have been a lover of oils for a long long time
i kept reading that argan oil was a miracle worker
i live in the desert
my dermatologist thought i was in my 40s
f you're on the fence on buying this
stumbled upon this br
i would've given 5 stars
my personal favorite is to use it for my h
woke up to a "dang girl
this save his life
until i finaly found this product
my face was pretty much mate
boy did it change everything
i got a sample of this to try as a beauty insider award
ans fell in love with it
obsessed with this oil.
however my 5 year old son had a terrible eczema break out at the same time it arrived
not with this br
s since i was on vacation
this was recommended to me by a super helpful lady at sephora in chinook
my face suffers because of it
the fabulous recommendation from the sephora employee
heaven use it everyday!
then accidentally deleted it
nails as mentioned on the description
turns out i was neglecting my skin
i used it on a cut my 8-yr old son had on the side of his nose
i saw a different in couples of days
s look about 10 years younger
boy was i wrong!
buying some for my mom
i tried couple of products
this is my lifesaver!!!!!
bought a second bottle for my dad.
one i looked the part of having had chemo
i apply this am
i live for this.
i am two months post accutane
i got carded by a wedding waiter a week ago.
i live in the southwest corner of colorado which is very arid
the only reason i gave 4 stars
i live in the desert
when my best friend picked me up from the airport
as a 24 year old who always got confused for 32
youthful look i have been begging for
this product lives up to the hype
the lovely sephora employee natalie inniles il location gave me a deluxe size sample of this
this has been a god send
i am a ptr junkie :
000 was just what the doctor ordered
i am in my mid twenties
the girl recommended this product
ever since i found out about hydraluron through caroline hurons
the first time i use it when i was traveling to las vegas
glow that i hadn't seen since my early teens
i'll be recommending this to all my girlfriends!
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
i complained of super dry skin to an employee at sephora
i read about this in various articles
the sales lady recommended this
bought this after reading about it in prevention magazine
this quote by the legendary derek zool
i also live in a big city
people who loved the old formula don't like the new formula
sadly, i returned it.
muslin feels great, i am now a clinique fan!
i used it on a trip to asia
this one is great at "age defense"
i took it on a vegas trip with the girls
ever since i started using this in april my acne has cleared up
i work on a beach in florida.
i am hitting my 30's
after consulting the ladies at sephora i decided to give it a try
i always had this impression stuck in my head that clinique is for teenagers
a friend recommended the 3 step system to me
my german friend gave this to me as a gift
i love her for the great beauty advice
i've tried other good br
when i turned 30 i began to notice that i waa dealing with the super fun combo of acne
sunny climate i live in
i will stick with my st
i found the one for me
my skin looked 5 years younger
this is definitely a keeper!
i havnt broken out since i started using it
i am almost 50 and boy has my skin changed.
starting using this after the birth of my first baby because nursing him was sucking the life out of my skin
even my boyfriend instantly noticed a difference
my husband and i both use this all winter.
thank heavens for this cream
my clothes are from salvation army
forth between the two br
this is one of my favorites
i've recommended it to a couple of friends
used during my florida vacation
i recommend this to all of my friends.
it was my college staple
so when i was introduced to clinique.
thanks to pierre for his help he found everything
you're beaten by the sun
then the santa anas blow in
so far my favorite day creame from clinique.
i tried this because a friend told me about it.
the ma at sephora insisted it didn't have any fragrance at all
yes even at my "young" age
i first bought it last october.
boy was it a mistake
my daughter loves it too.
i now have it stocked in my bathroom.
every time i stray
my favorite by far!
this is by far my favorite
i am hooked on jurlique
will be a dedicated follower
after i got to know i'm pregnant
i ran out of my beloved bliss cleanser
i started using clinique when i was in 8th grade
it has truley cleared my skin up.
then again i am a teenager
slot of people complain about the smell wich is fine
my friend works in a spa
i fell in love
my boyfriend for dry skin
he is a huge fan.
i never leave reviews.
every beauty store/br
this is an obsession
even my boyfriend was amazed at how baby smooth my skin feels
i tried so many different br
i am 53 years old
a helpful sa at sephora showed me this
this was my savior!
mother's house or something
i found jurlique through a day spa director
it is the owner's own secret
did i mention the spa owner is 65
i vacationed in st.
including my usual favorite
i ordered it online
i raved about this eye cream when i first tried it
i gave up caring about dark circles long ago
leaves my eyes like a slept like a baby.
the creators of jurlique are my new heroes!
my mom even uses it
i've tried all higher end name br
got this for my brother who has oily skin
i wish i had discovered this gem sooner!
a must try for all my oily brothers
heaven sent down to earth.
i fell in love!
the reason for 4 stars
'm outside walking everyday
it keeps my face mate most of the day.
since recently moving to florida
a co-worker thought i had foundation on
my friend recommended it to me
since she use to work with the doctor that created the br
this is my favorite of the kit
this is my favorite
the girl in the store talked me into it
this product was suggested to me by a friend
first off, i'm an avid murad fan!!
through the outdoor mall
boy was i wrong.
my boyfriend uses this wash when he's at my house
wanted to try other br
originally tried this because my roommate used it
this is our 5th bottle of this
my husband and i both use it.
this is an old favorite.
now that im back
in my personal opinion
i never write a review
i even introduced this cleanser to one of my guy friends
after borrowing my mom's one wknd
thought it was just my genes or stress
smooth as both my mother
i first tried this after my french roommate told me how great it is
i can easily see clarins becoming my favorite br
one thing to note is that i ordered this online
i got this product when i visited the sephora while on vacation in san francisco on kind of a whim
i am 27 years old.
e over my face
discovered this product totally by accident as a gwp
until i got pregnant
i live in south florida
i got this as a gift from a friend of mine.
you should see the pics from saturday nite!
this one is a keeper
i am a lancome cream freak
as my derm has explained to me
i went home for a wedding
my sister was impressed by how good my skin looked
how young i looked for my age
i totally recommend this product to every woman.
lives up to its word
become apparent when i laugh
i've sadly inherited my mom's "alligator skin" under my eyes
i am 36 yrs old
i am a certified beauty junkie
i am a 42 year old guy who looks much younger.
it works on men, too!!!
acquaintances started givng me compliments on my skin
dark circles after you appy it
i am on my second jar.
feel like a 20 year old :0
now all i have to do is quit smoking.
i u drew the top
i am 43 years old
happened upon a perricone rep while i was there
it does work, ladies!
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
i am a firm believer in perricone products
the minute the salesperson put this on me
i just picked this up after being a devotee of perricone's advanced eye treatment
this may be menial
this is my second purchase of poetry.
since i was a teenage
i am aa with sensitive
the lady recommended this
have recommended it to my friends
i didn't have insurance
i am also using the eye rescue.
i just went to my 25th college reunion
it isn't a miracle worker
i wish the product was sold in canada as that is where i live
i learned from trial
i am 62 years old
i originally reached for philosophy
i recommend it to all my friends
gardening took it's toll on my skin
i read about this product in a magazine.
this was suggested by the salesperson at sephora
she told me it was strong
my boyfriend complimented me on my complexion
worked miracles on lines
i now get asked by strangers what i am using.
i am one of those people who has to see for herself
other than that mishap...it is great.
i think i am actually getting better results than with the drugstore br
never am i red
i recently purchased my 2nd bottle of this
i've reached a point where i'm loving my skin
this is the winner
i just recently got into using ks because of how so many beauty vloggers rave about the products
i just ordered my new tub of it
i ran to my neighborhood sephora
sensitive skin since i was a teen
my coworkers even noticed
age arrest was recommended to me by a kate somerville rep at sephora
i am one of the lucky ones
i am a big fan of kate somerville products
which i am prone to
my boyfriend loved it too!
i am a huge fan of kate somerville
boy am i glad i did
i'll stay with the goat milk..
i am now a fan of this
i learned of this from sephora staff during one of my visits
s i have tried i am hooked on this
has her own holy grail face wash
she gave it to me
recently i found some of this ks face wash in one of my travel containers
i am a huge fan of the kate somerville line
i first got it in a mia 2 set
none of my classmate had noticed my face
man was it pricy
i originally got this with my clarisonic mia2.
the original version of the exfolikate that was recommended to me by a friend
my teenage daughter love the detox cleanser.
i recommended this as a gift for my younger sister who is crazy busy stay at home mom
she says that it was gentle
another winner from the ks line!!!
my sister actually gave me this cleanser to try
i am not a kate somerville addict!
i live in the north east with super cold
this is my second tube
i met kate in person
i love her products!
this is one of my favorites
i am 15 years old
i get daily compliments
the lady at sephora recommended it
i tried this as a recommendation from one of the sales ladies as it helped her daughter with acne
i am in my mid-thirties
the woman helping me said she swore by it
my peers at work
my friends are looking at me
i went to my local sephora
found my fave to be having tiny breakouts
one of the women who had been there forever referred me
i love her and her whole line!!
it has saved my skin
literally strangers are complimenting me on my skin
had perfect skin as a teenager
i fell in love
this is becoming my new favorite!
when i introduced it to my husb
am finding post baby
this is the answer to your prayers
finally found my holy grail!
i've gotten compliments from family
when my clarisonic charger comes in the mail
am pregnant now which has made it worse
i recently dabbled with some other br
this works well for her
a salesperson suggested it for me
tried this in the kate somerville 3 pack at christmas time
i am using first aid facecleanser
i ordered this by mistake.
i finally came upon kate
especially when used with my clarisonic mia2
i finally decided to give kate somervilles kit with this in it a try
i am eeking my way towards 40
my best friend of 30 years has never complimented my skin until recently
this is saving my life.
im a very oily person
firstly i live in a very hot country
i am 28 years old
most recently the kate somerville eradikate
the lady at sephora recommended this to me
i set it in my bathroom cabinet
i am almost done with my jar
this has been my ultimate favorite!
i am a product junkie
i am currently on my 4th bottle
even my brother-in-law noticed my skin was more tight
my mom tried it
i am going to buy a different kate somerville moisturiser for my next one
she asked the dreaded question
she convinces me to let her apply kate somerville oil-free moisturizer
this is my first time trying a kate somerville product
not a big fan for leaving reviews
i decided to switch over to kate somerville.
my old night creme was
i swear by her products.
this is my first kate somerville product
i am new to kate somerville
my acne has returned much worse than when i was a teenager
it lived up to it
you name it since middle school
i heard about this from a youtuber
took medication in college
a friend recommended this product
yay for being in my late twenties
i changed my diet
started drinking more water
i've gone fully vegan and i would still breakout.
i took a leap of faith with it
i am so so so grateful to the wonderful saleswoman at my sephora who showed this to me as i has a mild breakout of a few pimples on my chin probably from stress of travel
s throughly after applying to my face
it ruined my social life
i thank divine intervention
it is not a miracle worker (i.e.
bought this product on sunday acne gone by wednesday
i learned my lesson
this was one of the first kate somerville products i tried
this product literally saves my life.
it is not a miracle over night worker.
when i was a teenager i used proactiv
i heard about this product from a blog.
doc told me it was likely hormonal
sense i became pregnant
because i am breakout prone
been on accutane twice... just horrible.
even in my 30s
after seeing the overwhelmingly positive reviews i decided to give the anti bac a whirl
this is one of my fav cream now.
i loved the affects
i think the price is highway robbery
i am 26 years old
my skin was a nightmare
i teach scuba diving
this product i tried after read about it on caroline hirons blog
i'd be happier with a regular jar
minus a star for price and blendibility.
went rummaging through my sample box for a lightweight
i consider myself now as a normal skin gal!
kate somerville is officially my girl.
this one is my current fave
i wish i would've taken a before picture.
i decided to go with this "goat milk" one.
was so heartbroken when i saw the price for the full size
i hope that i have found my daytime regimen.
tried it while i was traveling
gave it to my mom
grew to love it as part of my routine
i attended an event at sephora a couple weekends ago to get a free oxygen facial with a kate sommerville rep
i think the site ate it up
decided to try this out after reading rave reviews from beauty bloggers
someone might see goat milk
this cream totally saved me
was talking to the cast member in the skin care section
i talked to one of the skin specialists
i explained to her what i was currently using
she suggested i try this
i've tried everything from kiehl's to ole hendrickson
caroline hirons hit the nail on the head when she deemed this moisturizer a "hall of fame" product
and a lady at sephora recommend this to me .
i decided to try this cleanser after reading all the reviews here about kate somerville's line
you'll love kate is the bomb
she recommended the kate s
1st time buyer lifetime lover.
i discovered kate somerville products by accident
i tried the discovery set
people that guess my age
i am 33yrs old
i am 43 years old
a kate somerville advisor told me it would
after reading the reviews here
i got kate's glow kit after returning the caudalie premiere cru which made me breakout
i will thank her the next time i visit sephora in nashville
i credit her product
i used my first jar of this
this one is recommended by kate somerville rep
i felt that i needed to voice my opinion.
the saleswoman used this product on my eyes
as suggested by kate
when i tried this i was sad i hadn't discovered it sooner
i also work on an airplane
i fell in love
it reminded me of laura mercier's primer
i am trying the regular quench now because i ordered it by accident :
was inroduced to her products there
quench is a miracle worker.
it has been a life saver.
i fix my kids breakfast and pack lunches.
i spent the money
i happened to find this prodcut from washington express paper
my 50 yo face was crying for moisture.
it lives up to the hype
i finally bought quench and i love it!!!
as i messaged it in
i live in one of the driest places in north america
i got a gift card for xmas
they aren't overnight miracle workers
fave product this year :)
this stuff is the bomb!
dewey looking i felt 10 years younger
i too have had my curiousity peaked by all the press this line has recieved
so, i tried her products.
this one is by far my favorite.
this one is a keeper for a while
okay - this is another wonderful product from ap.
i am a combination style skin person
i am not a person of writing a review for a product
my skin has thanked me for it
and boy am i glad.
this product was recommended to me by someone at sephora because i came in to return my mia
i started drinking more water
i am ordering my second bottle now.
i am 30 yrs old
i tried an orgins wash which was ehhhhh.
i recommend this product to my friends
from a few close friends
i went on a trip
am not sure my wallet can h
you can imagine liz or marilyn using this
my teenager has sensitive skin
i am a face-wash junkie.
one star out cuz of its price!
my daughter and i swear by this.
i got this while in times square in nyc.
my skin has been loving it since i got it
until the skincare guy at the sephora i went to in the beverly center told me about it
so the kind lady introduced me to the line.
have been since august of 2014
my skin has thanked me.
in high school i had amazing skin
sephora staff told me this was a "game changer
've strayed to try other br
was suggested by a salesperson
i read the review online
as quite a few luxury br
i took a sample with me on a beach vacation
the lovely associate recommended this for me instead
i love the starter kit too
the girl who was assisting me highly recomended it
i've tried many but this is my fave.
nude products have been returned
several from the dept stores
go in to the store
i will use this till i die.
i asked one of the female employees there about facial care
she pointed me to the amore pacific line
was angry that i fell in love
it reminds me of being by the beach.
i started using the moisture bound when i first was introduced to amore pacific by a sephora employee
i started using it last week because my skin was really agitated from an unhealthy lifestyle
i can't spend $100 on a jar of this
i am 30 years old with combination to dry skin
i've gone through many br
she also admitted that it works magically
i will recommend it to my friends
i fell in love
get on that bandwagon now!
i am on my second jar.
with other items i purchsed from this br
my hat is off to this cream
boyfriend loves it so much
it's changed my life !
i fell in love
i fell in love !!!
i knew i had found the one
this is how: i wore it alone
salvation for my 45 year old combo skin.
i am a product junkie
if you're not a broke college student like me
inquiring with people who's skin i noticed was particularly great
on my 3rd bottle!
it's become the holy grail in my morning skin care routine
holy smokes i see a difference
living in the cali sun might be fun
i spent a lot of years as a lifeguard
a friend recommended this and she adored it.
it lives up to its name.
about 3 years ago i had a murad facial in london
it was the first time the beautician actually spotted that my skin was combination
the beautician told me that my skin was so fantastic that i did not need a facial
on the suggestion of the representative i tried the month trial of this product
i went to my local sephora store
she showed me this product
while on vacation my husb
lesson learned and it works!!!
everyone has heard of the wonders of vitamin c so this is a staple in my routine
im going to be 60 this year.
this has served me fine
reminds me of when i was a teen
which was the philosophy sample in the promo -- so the cashier suggested the murad option
my boyfriend was commenting on my looks more than usual-
my sister commented on how great my skin looked after 2 weeks of use
i started using it about 5 mos ago
the only complaint i have
golden ticket when it comes to youthfull supermodel skin
the individual whos needs to brighten
economy has really tanked here in mi
a co-worker commented on how my face was glowing
then she asked me if i was pregnant.
she said she asked me because my face really glowed
the bf said it was a lot more than usual.
basically your face for my teen daughter
i found a sample of this hanging around my house
worth it with my br
used it twice daily while i was living in germany
my skin looked years younger
i recently got this product in my birchbox.
this mask is a miracle worker.
was shocked by how well it works
now i am in my mid fifties
i first got this item in a 500 pt.
i read reviews for this
the first time i did this,holy cow!
ive tried everything over the years
ive been searching for a product to clear out all my pores
i read the reviews
leave on for 20 mins.
i tried this at the recommendation of one of the store employees
my hubby loves it and uses it more than me.
ma over a lot of the summer
when he came home he said "mom
this is my favorite mask.
i am a 58 yr young female w sensitive skin.
a worker at sephora introduced me to this wonderful serum
great for men and women.
he swears by this stuff
now it is a keeper
i got this serum for my bf who works late every night
now i am fell in love
i am a 29 year old female who uses this everyday before i put my moisturiser
ladies you should grab this bottle
because he is a jack black devotee
jack black is amazing
my gorgeous man is blessed w/ great skin
this is by far his favorite
i still have that "older woman" tired
this is my favorite perricone product!
i've had this awesome stuff in my drawer for sometime
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
i look 10 years younger than my age.
this stuff has saved my sanity.
i regularly get told i look 10 years younger than i am
i am now hooked on perricone products!
i originally tried this product only because it ws a gift
to each his own i guess.
i will state my age
i also was a smoker for a decade
i think the technician went a little overboard
blogs that criticize his products
my husband said he doesn't either.
i think this one is a keeper
i am 68 years old
before it was invented
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
look in my fifties
i owe much of my youthfulness to following the advice in dr
while i was in the sephora shop
i wasn't just whistling dixie whan i gave this product 5 stars
this is the best youth serium
with the use of this product they are gone throughout the dave
this is my absolute favorite
this is my desert-island product.
my skin was looking awful after a 3 week trip to europe
im writing this review at 7am after i just woke up
i started using this product when my mom decided it wasn't for her
this is my favorite
this by far gets my vote
joined my three sisters on a family reunion vacation
i shared that i had begun using perricone at christmas when my husb
my boyfriend however has been commenting more frequently on my beautiful face
some late night party pics to prove it
i just ordered the sister product
my skin looked older due to sun worship
perricone md has brought it back to life.
i've tried many different br
looks alot younger than my years
the old one didn't.
this is by far my favorite mask ever.
this mast is amazing.
this mask is my favorite
i am in my 50's
sorry for my grammar
english is not my first language
would recommend it to a friend
this mask was the miracle worker
this is my favorite mask.
i saw this product online
i read all of the comments
family keep trying it after hearing your success story
i got this recently
i recommend it for people with skin like mine
i needed a mask for school
i followed the instructions
it didn't get rod of them
i am only giving it a 4 star review because i've found another br
just got this for my daughter who just had her white/blackheads on her forehead removed at a salon
the girl at sephora swore by this stuff
best $20 i've ever spent on a mask
i am a skin care product junkie
this is by far my favorite
have been blessed with good genes
or very fresh from the farm japanese green tea these weeks too
not expecting to be "wowed" i applied it to my already youthful looking 54 year old face
tried it myself on my decolate area
my skin has just met the love of its life
is planning the wedding after only one date
i discovered that if i followed it up with dr
my mom gave me her bottle
am giving it 4 stars
my foundation was wearing better
one of the amazing artists at the store showed me this product
my skin was damaged from experimenting with other br
this is one of my favorites.
my skin is addicted to this.
i take only 1 star away because it is so expen$ive
i live in the east
i dont have a money tree in my backyard
i am a skin are expert.
it busts my budget
the sephora clerk told me it was the bentley of anti-aging products
evened out my skin tome
i am in my mid twenties
i love the story behind this product's company
my dh commented on how my skin looked like it was healing
being a "last drop" kind of gal
because in my world
maybe i am dreaming
the salesgirl who introduced caudalie premier cru the cream to me told me that her mother absolutely loves it
this cream is the answer to my skin care dreams
sephora manager recommended me this
i am 27 years old
woke up 10 years younger
sure beats the pizza face i used to have, lol.
boy oh boy was i sad when it was gone
i can feel myself age 20 years every time i step outside
i tried this br
when i am asked my age the common response is disbelief
none of the prescriptions i got helped
i will take pictures & keep a journal.
my fiend's mom at 86 loves it for smoothing
boy was he right
my daughter says it's terrible
just in case asked my 14 year old daughter
give me her opinion
still get mistaken for a college student
this is why i gave 4 stars
i am 44 years old
i always comeback to his one
after these reviews i was expecting rotting sashimi
i became a believer after 1 application
i read a similiar review
believe me my boyfriend has checked for me
everyone comments only skin
was asking for something that would rehab her dull lines skin
i applied this on her
i am 37 about to be 38
photo plasma for the day time
i've read the negative reviews here
went with her recommendation
it was recommended to me by a friend that had lost 60 pounds
my hubby uses it, too!
this is one of my favorites
my mom uses it for all around anti aging
my sister for elasticity
as my sister just lost 60 pounds
swears by this br
boy, does it ever!!
i am not exaggerating.
i am so enamored with this product which i now lovingly refer to as my "lifesaver in a jar"
i just tried a sample that's been lurking in my cosmetics drawer for months
was in the sun a lot as a kid growing up in texas
this will be her second jar
it works even at the beach!
always had it since i was a child
can't remember the name
bought this product on the sales girl
i wish i just of went out asap and bought more!
was very oily when i switched br
this regiment has been nothing
it is not a miracle worker
i tried this product because i am 21 years old
so when i wash my face at night i still look good for my bf :
i began my skincare regimine during my teens with clinque
i am on my second jar of this product
had two small girls
my boyfriend who also loves this stuff
after having my last child
i shared my issue
man i wish i didn't!
my mother using lancôme products
my eyes felt instantly awakened.
started to have buyers remorse after reading these reviews
skincare since i was a teenager
bags i had from college
i recently tried this eye cream at the urging of my mother
who is a long time devotee of lancome
i am almost done with my jar
i am on my third jar.
i am in my twenties
this is my favorite to date.
i tried a $38 boscia one 1st
off as i wanted to try other br
this is my favorite
went back to the caudalie vino line
so of course, i shared the beauty secret!
i would recommended this to every woman i know!
the lady at the store really talked this eye cream up
i am also the mother of a five month old
due to being the mom of a toddler
so the verdict isn't out.
was raving about it
i've tried many eye dreams
this one is my favorite
i am on my second jar of this product
this product worked great on my crows feet!
even the men in my life noticed!
this is by far my favorite
i am so glad sephora has started carrying the lancome br
my mother commented about it
in reality i had a cold and slept about 3!
it works beautifully on my friend
boy does this stuff work
my mom and i love it!
this has truly been a miracle worker for me
it reminded me of doctor's office soap.
god bless the sephora employee that recommended this br
5 stars for this baby.
it saved my skin.
i live in the city
i am obsessed with it
i seem to have hit the jackpot with fab
however it is amazeballs for my friend
this was what saved me
came across this br
if you're a teen or young adult looking to dive into a more focused skin routine
i received this product in my july sephora play box
one of the sephora employees had recommended it to me after having told her my skin concerns
ever since i made this purchase i'm a happy girl
shop i'm one happy mom.
i keep it in gym bag
so go head girl just buy it.
great price for my recent grad budget
a a worker in the store showed me this
got this as a gift for my mom
who was having bad empty nester syndrome
a sephora rep recommended i do that
only browsed the first page
live on the lake
my resolution i made to myself was to take better care of my skin
i've never used this br
the sales girls convinced me to try it
many compliments on how "diff i look" from co-workers
my fiancé even started using it after seeing the difference in my face
i put my in the fridge
i finally found a product that i cared to review
am in a masters program
i went from looking like herman munster in the morning to carmen electra
when i found this online i immediately ordered it
it is heaven-sent
so i read about it on a magazine.
since i wear contacts
coworkers mention that i look tired
the 8ox size lasted me almost 6 months.
as a skin care junkie
i've had experience across many br
adding this one stop shop body
my teenaged niece also wears it at night as a moisturizer
i started using it on my bikini line after shaving
i keep a tub in my desk as work as h
my friend actually recommends this product to me
which i live in
i just bought my 6th bottle
"ginger skin" is what my mom calls it
this has helped my h
i work in a hospital
live in the northwest
it works for everyone in my family
daughter to my 80 y/o father
my skin hated the formula
the girl at sephora suggested this
still went to buy myself another two 2 oz
my sister in law said that worked wonders for her
my dad actually sent me the first aid beauty ultra repair moisture
when mother nature calls
this wasn't the case
(sorry for any typos!
even my boyfriend makes me apply it to his face each night
it was a life savor for me
this product is a staple in my family.
my nephew who is a swimmer says this is the only cream that gives him relief from all of the chlorine in the pool
who is going through chemo
swears by this to give her relief
even got my dad into using it
all of my old holy grail products just stopped working for me
my first experience with this cream was when i was in a law enforcement academy
want to shout to the rooftops to anyone who experiences sd
i gave a couple of the ampoules to my son
it has seriously saved me
it was seriously a miracle
i wish i had taken before
after photos when i started using this
my new magic trick
bought this on advice of sephora associate for my oily
then i found fab
i actually cried the first time i used it
om people at work
he requested the bottle
i once treated myself to a bottle of dior's dreamskin
again a winner from fab!
thanks sephora for the recommendation my rep is awesome
my dad had this too
ran into her at the grocery store
i thank the sephora makeup artist for introducing me to this line
i flew to visit my family on the west coast where there was super low humidity
fab is my go to in my skin care routine.
i even emailed first aid beauty to thank them for it
the make-up artist who worked with us saw that my mom has rosacea
i almost never write reviews
recommendation from consultant at the store in st
i always end up looking like a china doll
my formerly oil-gusing skin had suddently
when i was packing for a summer long europe trip
except when i'm preggers because i heard your not supposed to use retinol when your knocked up
after a lifetime of being blessed with a babyface
a gal at sephora recommended this product to me
where this stuff is my champion is for the top of my h
lived in florida for for most of my young adult years
s looked like i was 60 years old
saw this on a home shopping channel
i look 10 years younger
this product is really a miracle worker.
even in your 20s
i am going to have to say this one is a keeper!
dry/combination skin that has been driving me nuts after the birth of my first child
after the birth of my son
i swear to you that even my boyfriend noticed improvement in my skin
the cast member at sephora pointed me to this in a skin care sampler
i am 74 years young.
im running out of it
i think this is my fountain of youth !
so happy this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
it is not a miracle worker
however as i have aged
you wont regret this miracle in a blue bottle!
googling i decided to give a retino a try
i forgot to add this has become my sole
so man-y compliments on my skin
next day i started googling the product
i then wait about 20 mins
this combination has my forehead feeling taught
i am 46 yrs old
i look a good 10 yrs younger
i never write a review
i took pictures of progress
he was apprehensive that otc
purchased one for my mom
i am now on my third bottle within 2 yrs
i recommended my mom buy it right away
went online to order another bottle
my sister also loves this cleansing oil
i learned about this from natalie dee
who used to have a blog called stuff i put on myself- bring it back girl
this was recommended by sephora salesman.
my mom introduced it to me when i was in high school
i wish it came in a more travel friendly container
my sister with oily skin loves it
like a old time friend,it never let u down.
bought this based on a blog post recommendation.
my friend who recommended the sunscreen to me told me that i had to use this along with it to take it off
by far shiseido is my favorite br
a bunch of suspicious looking chemicals
i agree with the comments about the odd
i went on vacation
i got the fun in the sun kit as a birthday present
so now that i had my "ah ha" moment
t as a trial in my ipsy bag a couple of bags ago
after trying the trial i just had to buy the product myself
this is my first experience with dr
this is my hero product!!!
as i had predicted boom i am in love
until i read the description
the day i hit my 30th birthday i started having cystic acne
as a person who fights oil constantly
boy, a i glad i did!
this is probably my 4th bottle
all, just go to his website and take the survey.
this is definitely a keeper
describing her skin to be the same as mine
so did my coworkers
this is the first product i have tried in the dr
i received ina trail size
even on the 2nd bottle
i heard from a staff at sephora about this product
my intuition was later confirmed when a friend complimented me
she had been telling me that she wanted something with apple stem cells
she looks gorgeos her face is very lumicent
i am concerned about aging
this is one of my favorites
as i age i cant help
it truly is a miracle worker!
i love miracle worker!
the results for me were pretty quick with miracle worker
a few weeks ago a sa at a chanel counter was trying out a new blush on me
when i told her i was 54 years old she pulled back from me
but after using miracle worker, i'm now hooked!
miracle worker at night
ve been using everyday since
prefer miracle worker over hope in a jar.
miracle worker works much better
i just use my miracle worker products
i live in a rural mountainous area
in her early 60s
my mom fell in love
i am only 18 yrs.
it truly is a miracle worker
always put it on when i go to beauty stores
ever since i read that
i found miracle worker
i am about to finish my first jar of philosophy miracle worker
after using miracle worker
a waiter in a restaurant i stopped in before my flight stopped me on my way out to tell me i had a beautiful complexion
miracle worker has done wonders for my skin!!
after using this i decided to try the whole miracle worker kit
this is the first winter my skin has not flaked once thanks to philosophy miracle worker
i am 66 years old and people do not belief it.
i tried philosophy hope in a jar a while ago
miracle worker by philosophy is one of the best
living in the northeast
my fiance about how i have a glow about me
instead i thought i'd try the miracle worker
bye makeup bye grime bye day
with one pump ladies and gentlemen!
after finding out the boscia is the north american line of the same br
after reading the reviews
being a person that has suffered with oily
actually read the instructions on the bottle
be sure to read first the instructions
this stuff is a miracle worker!
i am not one to write a review
i read reviews that claimed it was gentle
as a young teen-ager
i am currently on my 3rd bottle
my 13 year old loves makeup
bought the little guy to test
i got a mini of this in one with my clarisonic mia
curious about the br
a friend recommended this to me
i love that it addresses my not yet aging 36 year old skin
i def recommend this to my fellow 1980s babies!
a sephora employee recommended this to me because he said it worked for him
i switched to another br
now that i'm in my thirties
attatched below: angry lil ones of day 6
if i had known about this when i was a teenager
this has been a life-saver.
my skin looks so beautiful i wish i took before/after pictures
i felt how i was before birth control
thank god i found this!
the bottle has lasted me forever
i started with the starter kit
it was recommended to me by a sephora worker to help my skin clear up
pregnant with my second child
the lady at sephora thought my skin was great to begin with
i also had my fiancé use it since he works out in the sun
ever since becoming a vegetarian my skin has decided to do backflips
i spoke to the sa at sephora
my boss said "you still look sick
i found this from one of my favorite beauty bloggers recommendation
i stopped eating/drinking dairy
i consulted with a sephora associate at my local store
i wish i discovered this sooner
i wanted to take a minute to sing this cleanser praise
it is now the end of september
i went on vacation
i am a loyal murad user.
i've pretty much had acne since elementary school
once at night with my clarisonic mia
ive recommend this to all of my friends
i am a nay sayer
i spoke to two different sephora consultants
i don't mind my crow's feet
this one is a keeper
firmx is my personal can't live without favorite serum
i am 43 yrs old
my apologies for my previous review
i write my reviews on my laptop
i am purchasing my 3rd bottle of this stuff.
i got this for my mom for christmas.
she's in her late 60's
she is normally a close follower of clarins
she said it was the best product she's tried by far
yet this serum has not make me break out even my fiance
who has seen pictures of me when i was in my twenties
being in my mid-thirties
i tried this product along with unwrinkle at the suggestion of a sephora associate
the other day my friend who is a few years younger than me remarked how good the skin on my throat looked
it was my 50th birthday
take a polaroid, pictures don't lie.
maybe my eyesight is going
had my reservations when i began using this product
every girl deserrves to be beautiful.
i live in the pacific northwest
this one is a keeper.
holy grail right here!!!
being that i'm a highschool student
when i came back from vacation with my boyfriend
it was recommended to me at the store
ntroduced me to he fab product line
i am a huge skin care advocate.
my boyfriend has very
the first time i put this on my boyfriend he said
my 28 year old son says this is the best after shave product he has ever found
i actually bought it for my sisters law for christmas this year when she used mine
my 15 year old daughter has eczema
the combination of the two is like a gift from heaven
since i've had good luck with fab products i tried this
e around my eye area
this is so far the best after i tried severl diffrent br
i got this as a present for my sister who often suffers from large
she raves about it.
my mom got this for me
one of my favorite skin care.
i keep this amazing product in my fridge
i store mine in the fridge
always a drugstore shopper it was my time to get real
both my co-worker
another at my desk
when i was on vacation
visiting my mother recently
she lent me her clinique all about eyes
have since i was a young teen
this is my second tube
this is my absolute favorite product to use when i'm traveling
i've purchased a tube for my mother
she mentioned while she was putting it on that she was surprised i didn't have one
the first time i experienced this product was while leaving vegas
i lost one of my dearest furbabies
i keep mine in my fridge
my husband mentioned it, and he notices nothing.
it was a winner for me.
even if i purse my lips
a woman said "you look 12
mine never seems to end
people comment on it
i wish i could post a pic here!!!
i reluctantly returned it.
i discovered this on a trip to japan.
i am a believer in shiseido
she never says that!
i finally tried it and omg!!
my boyfriend is 8 years younger than me
his friends have told him that they wondered how he got a younger woman to go out with him
even their wives thought i was younger than him!!
the only complaint is that it has kind of an old lady fragrance
bought it for my mom and she absolutely loves it!
my skin started to prematurely age
a sephora consultant recommended this to me.
the price kills me
if it anti-ages
i found this is a really dramatical worker
i am 58 and this product is a god-send!
yesterday i had a woman tell me that my complexion looked flawless
the following morning my sister in law came over
my boyfriend said that i looked younger
when i am out of college
the girl at my local sephora named gave me a sample
i am using up my third tub of this stuff.
i've never written a review before
together with the pro-youth spf-15 version for day
i decided to ask the skin care guru in my sephora
i read the pamphlet inside the box
pm i am so happy
i live in dfw, very dry area.
i recommend it to anyone who suffers from that same condition
i felt it was hopeless
my friend told me she used hydra life pro-youth comfort crème
am i dying for it?
recommended by my friend
after i told her my issues
love this serial badly
been a fan of dior for a long time.
the gal at sephora recommended it
i could kiss her
boy am i glad i tried it out
i am definitely a drug store girl
i plan on buying the hydra life pro-youth comfort creme since it replaced the old
i find myself digging out the dregs with a q tip!
since i'm in my 30s
like a typical teenager through my early 20’s
another beauty insider mentioned this in her review
am a part time grad student so have lots of baggage
my makeup never cakes anymore
something every girl needs
noticed the difference in my appearence when i walked in the door
i am purchasing another jar today for my travel bag
i blame my work schedule
no eye cream really can re enact the youthful glow of a prancing-around teen-age lass
i actually am using my second bottle of it
this is my 2nd jar
at the sephora store in augusta mall
i am now in my thirties
i tried a few other br
a bobby brown tip that i read in a magazine
it was just the usual youth eye cream sans pro-youth
i am on my 3rd jar and continue to love it.
my favorite and i've tried many!
still use my peter thomas roth at night because it works really well for me
i am 35 years old
i also just had a baby
for my lack of sleep
this was one of my favorite purchases at sephora in november
she asked me what i was using because she was
i too got this along with the dream skin as a try me set as a vip makeup ho
i went on a vacation that involved a long plane ride--usually a cause for acne in my case--
i regretted it -- my skin
after i found dior
my best friend gave me my first bottle for as a birthday present
bought the large bottle and no regrets.
a co-worker said i was just glowing
getting accutane when i was stopped by someone in dior who gave me a sample of this serum
i mean i've tried other br
now i am addicted
the lady at the counter listened to my "omg this stuff is good" story
supporting a family on my own
i live away from home at college
she swears by this
which has been a dream of mine
the dior rep was there
she was actually demo-ing airflash foundation on me
how it won the nobel prize
boy was i wrong.
felt like i was cheating by trying this
i am a huge fan of dior
my 11 year old daughter said i looked like "an illuminating beauty"
i regret not knowing this serum earlier.
i am a self-proclaimed skincare snob.
i just bought the bottle and love it.
i am admittedly a dior fan
even nicknamed it "facelift in a bottle."
this really is a gift from the heavens.
best of all, for my 30-yr.
dior spends a lot of money on their research
when my man noticed
i swear the bottle felt
i am a beauty junkie
it's been added to my am
i heard about this product thru a friend of mine who works for dior
i am a dior fan!
my friend who works at sephora
i just decided to go for it after reading unanimously positive reviews on makeupalley
my friend natalia received this a few years ago from sephora for valentines day
so, she gave it to me.
my 61 yr old facial skin is beautiful
everything i have used from this br
on the advice of a friend
my niece says that i have no pores
as i got older
my mom is a long time user of this br
she let me used hers when i ran out of my cleanser of the time
i heartily recommend it
this isn't plastic surgery
maintaining a guilt-free conscience
i am using this
this will be your new best friend
i used religiously day
though i've never myself posted a product review
i am a virtual encyclopedia of br
recently a friend gave me perricone cold plasma because she couldn't brook its smell
has told me that i was "absolutely glowing
please state your age at the start of your reviews
i recently re-read the description
i've just found my new favorite anti aging face
the sephora associate assured me that this was her favorite
i am def seeing results after a week.
although i def noticed it when.
i am only 25 years old
this is by far my favorite
this is my new favorite
i asked the girl at sephora
she recommended this one
i am going to purchase my second flask right now
one of the ladies at my local sephora suggested this cream
please check out my video below
see this 48 year "young" woman's eyes yourself
he's 12 years older than me
i keep it in my fridge
are on facebook you should like perricone md fan page
have tried everything known to man
i am a huge product junkie
i’ve had people comment on my skin
smells like something died in your h
im only 20 years old
i personally disagree with the "oiliness" complaint
my family have noticed this
it was the happiest mistake i've made all year.
this one was the winner
my fiancee even noticed my skin looking less red
as a former lifeguard in the '70s
out of all the moisture si have tried from sephora this one gets the medal
just tried this br
its become a fave and go to product for me
i spoke to one of the sales reps
boy, am i glad i did.
i waited a while to write my review of this.
i am a face product junkie.
i think if i still lived in colorado
especially for busy working moms like myself.
this was recommended to me
i work outside all day in boston
i wish i had found this earlier
i just bought my first official bottle
the lady at sephora suggested me this product
the closet sephora discontinued this product
the wonderful girls at sephora recommend this face cream as my replacement
less friendly on the wallet
this one is officially the winner
my teenage daughter has very sensitive skin
now that i am older
this by far is my favorite
the boscia rep was there
the rep knew i was on a budget
this product is a miracle worker!
boscia is a great all-around br
i always blamed it on the hormones from my birth control
i spoke to a retail associate
i returned the kit the next day because i was allergic to the products
she recommend these two ren products for me.
told me she was going to treat me like a sensitive client
bu decided to give it a shot
my daughter has very fair skin
she has tried everything
this was recommended to me by one of the ladies
she recommended this to me
using a dime-nickle died amount will last you a couple of months love
was introduced to it in a sephora store by a rep
a worker there recommended me this product
it has just been holy grail
this one is a favorite
i moved to the caribbean for school
ren hasnt failed me yet!
i tried this after my fave was discontinued
i just feel that for my 40+ year old skin
look no further ladies
5 years ago by caroline hirons
i used this at my friend's house
then the aha concentrate about 1
i can go out to the grocery store
i heard about this product
read every single bad review of this product just out of curiosity
i am writing to defend this product
i heard caroline hirons recommend this over
which i have from stupid birth control pills
since i was in my teens
which i've never had in my life
wish i invented this!
my mother who is in her 50s also loves this product
being the product junkie that i am
my skin has been a wreck
me and my fiancé both use it and love it!
my pimps have completely disappeared
i am a fan for life!
this man showed me these products
it was recommended to me when i went into sephora in june
this is my absolute favorite!
i love his night cream !
i dont mind reapplying at night
so the ren representative recommended this to me for my extra dry
i am in my 30s
after being my first trimester
was met by an amazing person who worked there
they introduced me to this cream
this is a miracle worker.
nothing gave me the results that ren gave me
did in my facebook beauty group
the formula is the same- i contacted ren about this directly
im almost done with my bottle
alert: it has recently been renamed
this product saved my skin
i recommend this to anyone who has been searching for a skin savior
it's better than my personal skin doctor
i've never heard about ren before
i am hooked on this product!
having read about the creater's wife suffering from pregnancy-related skin issues which ultimately led to the creation of ren
cuz i just had a zit there like 2 days ago
i can't remember the last time i've had an outbreak
i give it 4.5 stars.
got this as a gift
my daughter use this mask frequently
lol my teenager also is sneaking and using.
read the instuctions first and be patient.
it does still grad
this is def one of my favorites
i am in my mid thirties
one of my favorite masks.
my sister also gave me hers as she wasn't a fan of it
i love this br
found ole h about 4 years back
i am a big fan of the ole henriksen line
i ordered this to st
i am 45 years old
as soon as i applied it i had to exhale a huge: ahhhh
id say stay away from ur eye area
i noticed that the women in my age group
like this while the younger women don't
this is my favorite
killing the prescription regimen was my only hope
in his words, "it's guy approved."
my 11"s on my forehead
i am a "mature" women over sixty
i've watched ole henriksen talk about his products
i recommend it for mature ladies!
im a makeup artist and this is a must for my kit.
j bought them i decided to shop around for a new product
i've recently purchased my 3rd jar
i am complimented on my skin all the time
as a former philosophy girl
a co-worker told me i had beautful skin
i am 41 years old
to my surprise, it works as promised.
i know this product from a beauty blogger/professional make-up artist who speak highly about this product
because i'm turing 30 next year
i am an early forties aged gal who is trying to get a grip on the lines
i think i am my own worst critic
i would recommend this to my friends.
as another reviewer stated
so i splurged and bought a bottle for myself.
my daughter remains wrinkle free :
it's a miracle worker for older skin.
i should have listened!!).
about a week ago i was with my mother
people started complimenting me
marionette have basically disappeared
let me preface this by saying that i am a freelance consultant for clinique
i am in my 20's
am giving it a whirl as well
which is the best thing a woman in her mid-thirties can hear
i discovered this on a cruise
it works wonders on my age spots
was a tanning junkie until i ran into one of my friends
i hardly recognized her!
she looked much older than her age.
after reading the reviews
boy was i pleasantly surprised.
i gave it to her early b/c i was super excited about it
then had a friend try this
i am in my late twenties
people stated that i haven't aged in 25 years
i look mature for my age
overall, i recommend it for ladies over 35.
this one takes the trophy
i am obsessed with
living on the coast in south texas
i gifted this for my mom on mother day
perfect for those "pick me up” "partied too hard “ "didn’t get enuf sleep” “ pre wedding jitters” days
my hunt is over
i described it as "elephant skin".
it feels firm int he tub
i buff it out with a sephora pro #57
my skin has gone absolutely crazy on me since the birth of my daughter
have already recommended to friends.
have fallen in love
i also recommended this to my friend with oily skin
she loves it since its so light weight
i am a college student
it's a life saver after long haul flights
i am a former smoker
the wonderful marionette lines
working as a dog walker in the midwest
even my favorite old
i live in the north east
i recently bought one of the beauty sets
was nervous when i saw she was using something from the br
after she explained the product
in every medicine cabinet to keep my face nice
omg i am obsessed!!!!!!
i am a 23 years old women from korea who has a really sensitive skin
it rid me of my dead skin
i am sad that the price has gone up recently
had my 20% off coupon
i got this murad cream as a free gift at sephora
my favorite sephora rep recommended this product for me
ok with this being said my fiancé decided to use it on his new tattoo
i am hooked on the product
this is my fave
i've tinkered with other br
i am a 40+ woman with dry skin
i went on accutane when i was 13
as i got older
my acne wasn't as bad as when i was a teenager
i am a product junkie
i live in wa state and have hard water.
let me just say at 45 yrs old
i give this 10 stars
i am now a murad fan for life
gave it to my 66 year old mother
she has been using philosophy hope in a jar
second with my trusty clarisonic
but dior has outdone itself with this.
started my sister using it as well.
am living in a very cold
i just bought my third bottle of this wonderful
cancel your favorite cream.
for me it worked as advertised
i am on my second pot
vital statistics: 58 years old/young.
put it in a tube please
i am almost 60 years old
decided that i wanted sometime that moisturized
it was recommended to me at the bobbi brown counter at a department store
gave one as a gift to my mom and she loved it.
i noticed it in the store
i am a great lover of bobbi brown
this was recommended to me by one of the ladies who works at sephora
i let her know i had been having scaly
weight for around my "no longer 29yr old" eyes
my children even say i'm looking younger
i chatted with the bobbi online rep to find out what face cream was equivalent
am now a happy happy woman
i horde it so i am never out.
it was my holy grail for a very long time.
i got a terrible food related allergic reaction
i used this eye cream for two days and oh my god.
i looked all over youtube
this is definitely a keeper.
this is a new holy grail for me.
was recommended to me at an bobbi brown event
i even recommended it to my mom
she's in her early 70's
went without it for soo long until i recieved a gift card
ever since i started using this soap i can't live without it
i am an avid bobbi brown fan
i really scored a homerun with this cleanser
i hit the jackpot
i am a creature of habit
my mom both use this
bought this one for my 19 year old daughter
oz claimed it worked wonders
i am 64 years old
a big thank you to my mother who passed on her good genes to me
i decided to try her products
so my boyfriend took this, and he loves it!
being the perfectionist that she is
my sister-in-law told me about this bobbi brown lotion
my mother just had to have surgery recently on the skin cancer on her nose
he's on his 3rd jar
i might buy every one my sephora has a build a shrine to it in my bathroom
on to buy my 3rd bottle
i decided to write a review
boy does it last
as a girl with shine on ny t zone all the time i still love this primer
bought the jar with no regrets
this is a miracle in a jar.
cared for the next morning
it's like a guilty pleasure
it is just heaven for my skin
the boyfriend said he liked it
first heard of this from jeffree star who is one of my favorite muas
my new found love!
my best friend bought me the full size for my birthday
this is my new fav!!!!
jeffree star told me to get it
snow lover who lives in new engl
a bobby brown rep told me its specifically made for combination skin
it was a match made in heaven.
on a quest to find my old cheap foundation
can look like an angel again
bought this a few months ago after watching some youtube beauty guru rave about it being awesome
i got this for my mom as a gift
s down my favorite
my hubby even used it after he underwent treatment for skin cancer
i recently had a treat yo self day on sephora
zumba at my local gym with my makeup still intact
i am now a fan for life.
feeling remind me of the origins night a mins cream
i tried this after jamie genevieve
i first tried this product at a bobbi brown event in my local salon
i first heard about this from watching jeffree star's videos
he swears by this stuff
this product is like a peace of heaven for me.
i find myself needing it in my regiment
truly a holy grail for my fellow oil rig gals out there
i went hiking with this as my primer
got a jar for my daughter who has combo skin
this oil has worked miracles on my skin.
my boyfriend tells me he loves the way my face smells
cutest little bottle ever
if it sits upright in ur bathroom it looks great
has been a life saver for my skin
then i tried this bb one
i wish it had a dropper
i feel i look at my age again or younger
then i tried this oil after reading reviews
bb hit it this time.
i live in the desert
this has been a lifesaver for my skin
gave the sample to my mother who is 72 years old
omg it works wonders
i shall forever be faithful to this.
no matter the other br
in my 49th year
s down the favorite
definetly helps crows feet
and ive tried them all.
i recently bought the origins eye cream to wear in the day
amen no longer the case
i made the leap
i read the reviews
s including kate somerville since i use most of her line
i am 30 years old
like a previous review i read
i’m so glad that sephora has started carrying bobbi brown br
calling my mom now to recommend she use it as well
bought this product out of curiosity
love the youthful appearance that i have after application
old daughter is now giving it a try....
my mom is 52 amd has some gine lines.
once i did i am on board forever
i've used it on my mom
after pics are intense
i look 20 years younger
me being a huge ptr fan
i just tell them retirement is wonderful
asked for the closest thing to botox
when a woman reaches a certain age
i tried it on my marionette lines
after pics to share with you all
for the last 3yrs i've been contemplating botox in that area
later that evening i ran into my much older brother
this is a miracle worker!
i instantly got online
i saved this under my favorites for future reference
i watched a tv show
my boyfriend told me he was leaving me for someone younger
i gasped with shock
someone asked me if i had botoxed
my face looked 10 years younger.
my friends thougt that i had a facelift or something like it
i laughed hysterically at the before
you have to read the instructions
especially for those holiday pictures
i am a fan of ptr
(read the directions and follow them.)
have spent my entire life baking in the sun
fountain of youth for the day
i gave a four stars bc it doesn't last
it's worth trial and error!!!
i immedately bought a tube.
once again i am wowed by this product
my 60 year old mother who looks 50 now looks 40!
after reading the directions
from this 47 year young gal!
she's been hooked ever since
it worked so well friends thought i had an facelift
as i've tried another popular br
this is definitely a keeper.
this was suggested by a sephora employee.
firming for my middle aged
i am even comfortable without wearing foundation
my coworker didn't know my age
you should've seen her face when i told her i was 37
she thought i was 22
i ordered a new bottle
a sephora's beauty staff working at 34th street location in ny
one of my favorite products for life.
i got it as a birthday gift from sephora.
got it as a gift
tried it just for curiosity
i got this as part of my little birthday gift from sephora
after a week my fave felt like beef jerky
when i got home i found this moisturizer waiting for me
i just got some compliments on my skin from friends this week
i got this as a trial size in my birthday reward
i am obsessed with skin products
didn't have high hopes trying this cream that i got as my birthday gift
i received this as 1 of 2 parts of my bday gift from sephora
ive used a clarins one for a while
i got this as part of the birthday present set
here you pay cad 45
i started with premieres vendages
i've gotten this part of my birthday gift set
this is one of my favorite
this is definitely going into my "fave" basket
i can't leave the house without wearing it.
i got this as a birthday gift this month.
my cousin got this as a birthday gift from sephora
i picked this as my gift from sephora this year
i got this for the birthday gift and i loved it!
i got this in the sephora birthday gift
i chose this as my birthday gift
ive have been using this
got this in the sephora birthday set
i keep it in the refrigerator
i received this in my november play!
i am all about aging gracefully
this has won awards so figured id try it
i am an african american woman
found this dream product
mpressed i had to leave a review
i've tried every product known to man
i've recommended this to my daughters
she gave me hers when she bought the product
last night someone told me i looked much younger
it has my vote!!!
i tried this on a lark
it has helped with former scars i have had since childhood
this one was by far my favorite
i were lucky to have met a representative of dermadr the day we shopped in the perimeter sephora
it was pleasant to have met someone so knowledgeable of the skin
she helped my teenage daughters with their acne concerns too
recommend to anyone who spends a lot of time in the sun
i am now on my 4th bottle of this product.
while having lunch with a friend
my friend confirmed it
the only thing is i wore this
i am coming up on my 34th birthday
intrigued i brought it home
is fading my 'mask' from birth control pills
a sephora rep told me this can stay in the fridge
it saves my life after a long night
feels great after applying to your underage
i am now on my 3rd one of these.
i am absolutely not a morning person
i keep this product in my refrigerator
i ended up loving it
i am 40 years old
i took it to nuevo vallarta with me
my cousin's bags under her eyes were insane for crying for hours so she used it
a freind instantly noticed an improvement in my under eye area
i live a busy lifestyle
my girlfriend was having a huge crying jag after fighting with her boyfriend
while she was redoing her makeup i gave her this product to use
by the time she walked out of my house you couldn't even tell she was crying
i suspect nothing but surgery does.
i would recommend this product to friends.
the girl asst the store suggested it since i have some under eye puffiness
used by my brother too!
i just slept hard type bags
boy do i feel like a dummy
since drug store br
cause i've spent on dior
one associate suggested dr
my mom who is nearing 50 also uses it
when i was on vacation that's when i really discovered the magic
this is my gift to all my pals over 40!
i am now addicted to this product
this was introduced to me by an associate she was so nice
this stuff worker like magic!
tube version for traveling
i am almost 30 now
a friend of mine works at sephora
i took a star off because ugh
i even got my mom one and she likes it too.
i fell in love
then i go online
get astounded by the price
i tried many br
my boyfriend both tried it on before going to bed
same thing goes for my boyfriend
when i was getting a mini-makeover the gal applied it to my face
even my daughter likes to use it.
perfect for my age
have fallen in love
i read the reviews
for my oily skin girls give it a shot
i originally bought this for my mom
this is seriously my favorite!
i used it on my body
my mother gave me a sample tube of this
at first i thought it was a h
i am often mistaken to be 21 years old.
i live in hawaii
a big hat is a must
the shiseido rep gave me this for an early wedding gift
my son bought this for me for mothers day.
i am 60 years old
boy, it does work.
i started to notice that as i age
i am trying to find my favorite eye cream.
this was one of the candidate.
crows feet free peeper
my other eye got jealous
i am forever hooked.
a good friend of mine finally talked me into buying this product
i only tried it because of my past experiences with the br
will make a new woman of you
won't go back to another br
i tried the old formula before
my gf has been an avid user of shisedo products
instructed by the lady at the counter
this baby can last
my boyfriend has chronic dark circles
i got my boyfriend using this product as well
i only wish it was cruelty-free
the price kills me
it runs in my family.
it's the only one i'll recommend to my friends.
i applied it at bedtime
i've tried everything from high end to drugstore br
happiness in that way
having been "blessed" with dry
took a leap of faith on my westchester sephora consultant vilma's
i got this as a promotion
she sold me the new shisheido eye cream which is amazing at mositurizing
i am noticing my dark
now i am battling with myself
actually this is the review on behalf of my mom.
she said this is the best eye cream she has ever tried
for my entire life
i fell in love
everything i wrote about it in my first post is true
i can't wait for my wedding photos now!
i waited in horror for the burning sensation
i read the reviews
although at the tender age of 27 my skin took a
just an fyi to the person who wrote that below
so glad to have found this hidden gem :
it is my favorite laura product!
my daughter started using it
laura mercier skin care has done it again!
even when i go on a motorcyle ride with the hubby
as i am a teenager
i am mesmerized by this shiseido line.
i got a couple of products as a gift
i love this br
only have been using it for a week thou.
people can't believe i'm 38 years old.
i missed that in the description
after trying all different br
i really bought it for the sun protection
definitely worth trying ladies!
the shiseido rep was in the store
shared with me the high points of the br
sephora rep suggested this line.
my mom actually just h
i brought this product for my mom for christmas
since her late twenties
she's in her mid-fifties now
this keeps her looking young
my mom is not one to shop for beauty products
my search is now over
this is my favorite
i got a jar of it in one of my beauty boxes
that is my only regret as i quickly became addicted
its my little secret!
my favorite one ever
it was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i heard from this you tuber
i am writing it on behalf of my mom
since i am the one that buys her beauty products lol
this was recommended to me by one of the sephora girls
for like a week i have been looking at my mom
i've never written a review before
being a full time student with a job
amorepacific is one of my go to br
i continued to use this product -since i naturally suffer from dark circles which is hereditary from my dad-
that wasn't my intent
because of my busy life style
i considered being a lawyer
a ballet dancer or a detective
awkward jar has fine tuned my h
delivered i would imagine
i keep mine in the refrigerator
wow my prayers were answered.
i live out in the prairies
i am 31 years old
everyone tells me that i look like a college student
i tried this in the store
gave it to my mother to try since she love eye treatment products
works wonders for her
she also loves the eye serum
i am hooked 3 yrs later.
is my ultimate favorite
it has been a joy to use
i would highly recommend this creme to my family members
this product is a miracle worker
i am 26 years old, my skin type is sensitive.
i am a believer in amores products.
get a couple x-mas gifts just to get another before there gone
friends were commenting on the look of my skin
blush girl than a foundation girl
it may not have been in the mens section
i explained my condition
experiences with a woman named vanessa who recommended this product
i decided to trust her
i am constantly asking my wife to touch my forehead because i am amazed with the results
i scored 4/5 because honestly
anyone complaining about the scent is a moron.
gnorant they should be euthanized immediately
just was curious about the ap line
while we were chatting
thanks to the on-the-spot testimonial i was sold
i am 48 years old
that is all it took to become addicted!
my aesthetician was wowed by my skin
had $$ on a gift card at sephora
i discuss this product in depth in my below video- i use this specifically when i go to florida to visit family
i got this for my boyfriend who has very large pores
i gifted one to my mother.
biggest mistake until a friend told me about this site
i am obsessed with face products
the woman who does my facials actually reccomended this to me
when i would talk on my phone
i can't quit touching it
since i came america
i am not an american
the museum i taught at closed it's doors.
has been noted by my family
i am now ordering this
i've recommended it to my friends
this is my second tube.
it never happened to me when i was a kid
my sister gave this to me to try
the jury is still out
purchasing my 2nd jar now.
i am a skin care junkie
by far my favorite
son agreed that i'm "stinky" after using it
a few days ago a friend of mine wanted to know if i was using something on my face
will girls 5day i what i sey to you is
i am a self proclaimed "product
so when i saw that dr
i live in the dessert
gave up a few cups of starbucks a month
raised in southern california
my sister accused me of having botox
if it makes any difference i am a smoker
i am on my second jar of this product
with my 51st birthday approaching
this in conjunction with fresh's creme ancienne has people guessing my age between 38-42
i am on jar # 2
i am 50+ years old.
thought it was my imagination
that's normal for my age
i also was a sun worshipper
it hasn't been an overnight miracle worker like i found with cold plasma
another star from dr
my face seemed taught
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
luckily, i had a birthday a day later.
i never plan on having plastic surgery
dr perricone really outdid himself on this beauty
please watch my video below
while in sephora i spoke with a representative from algenist who explained all the natural
my sister used it
i got this recommended by a sephora girl
bought it for my mother
mum has dry sensitive skin and she loves it.
i am loving it after one week
yes i am a skin care junkie
i am a redhead with fair skin that is sun damaged
my friends have all asked if i've been to a plastic surgeon
my boyfriend has started to use too!
a co-worker just went by
makes me feel less aged
i am 43 years old
however, my mom loves this serum.
she is in her mid-fifties
she is on her second bottle of this serum
had a 22 yr old tell me my skin looked like porcelain
never really heard of the br
this has to be a favorite
i am a skeptic when it comes to skin product claims
i asked others to pick my youngest looking h
i am a product junkie.
that i look 10 years younger
i'll spend the $95 without hesitation
i am on my 2nd bottle of this product.
my husband even noticed in just one day.
love the story behind this br
no one ever believes me which is saying something because i am a single mother of a 2 year old
every girl loves a compliment
boy have i been getting them since i started using this product
i read the reviews on sephora
i am 61 years of age with decent skin
algenist is the answer fo 50+ year olds whoe skin will transform: firmer
i am 1/2 way thru the bottle
i live in the northeast
i"m done searching !!
now all of my girlfriends are buying it too
often mistaken for mid 30's bc i have taken care of my skin since i was very young
this product is at the top of my christmas list!
if i want to age gracefully
i as able yo see the difference after the third application
i am new to writing reviews
i got the eye balm first at the suggestion of a sephora consultant in the store
i now keep one on my desk
she sold me on it and i tried it.
will recommend to all ladies
when i was in the store
s each nite too so my age doesn't show there
being 67 years old i am still young enough to have a hint of vanity
old looking places look younger
when i called to inquire they said they were sorry
i live in the desert
this one is a keeper
i tried this br
i look younger then my 53 years!
i am raising my rating to 5 stars
i am a beauty junkie
next time i'll buy the big daddy jar.
i agree with the other reviewer who said her makeup looks great
i look at it as an investment in myself
being told you look like a renaissance painting never gets old
its worth every penning.
algenist is my new favorite
i got it in my sun safety kit
i am chasing the invasive fountain of youth
this cream was my favorite.
who spends $90 on a face cream!?
definitely recommended by this combination skin girl
happy to report that for me
i am on my third jar
i am 30 years old
have bought it for my sister
i went for it when i was feeling particularly wealthy
photo is my daughter
me on her wedding day
i am 70 years old
lost it's restoriitive properties the sales gal at sephora suggested this line
have weaned myself from it
look older than i am
the lady at sephora made me a sample of this to take home
the jury is still out on this one for me.
i liked what i read in the description on your web site
my boyfriend asked me if i was getting a lot more sleep at night because i looked so alert
am using it on my neck
my fav play box product so far!
so she loaned me some of hers
wish it was cruelty free.
this product is a legend that many people swear by
i am only in my teens
box and i am forever changed!!!
i hit the jackpot
signed a mom of 4 in her mid 30's who hardly sleeps
i am now in my thirties
i wanted to changeup my eye regimen
as i told the sales girl
an issue with bags inherited to me by my mother lol along with bad sleeping patterns
this has been my favorite eye cream to date
ive been using it since
eye skin condition became as old as the thirty years old skin condition even though i am still 23
have been using for almost 5yrs clinic eye cream rich
when i got this algenist one on a sephora favs i gave it a try
i am fairly young
when i woke up i was amazed
my mom share it
i've tried every eye cream known to man
boy was i wrong!
product junkie in general
it was about cdn$50
algenist has made me a happy girl
this is youth in a tube.
even my husband commented how young i looked.
i will be buying this for my mom who has under eye bags
my skin has aged very well, at 62.
my mom bought this because she suffers from some pretty intense under eye bags
it's something she really hates about herself
my moms bags were completely gone within 3.
this is seriously like a miracle in a tube.
when i was younger
loved the initial results
my mother has had both chemotherapy
it has aged her 10 years
my sister introduced this to me.
'm buying my own supply now as my sister won't let me go back home with hers
this is by far my favorite
didn't care for this until it came in my "hall of fame kit" as a travel size
a friend of mine recommended this product to me.
she purchased a tube for me because she was
i took a before pic due to my skepticism
just bought my 2nd bottle
this one is a st
your eyes will look like when you were a teenager
i am 44 years old
i heard about this product after reading that megan good used this under her eyes to give her a "wide awake eye"
about the size of a bee bee or a little less
i liked the firmx face treatment when i was in my 50s
it looks like i've had surgery.
she said it was " the bomb" lol
she wanted something to help her look really nice when she was going to a special event so she had me pick this up for her
my mom has always taken really good care of her skin
bought this for my 80 year old mother for her crows feet
she loved the results.
the girl at the sephora store talked to me about it
i read all the reviews
i told my sister about it and she loves it too.
when i asked the saleswoman at the sephora store for the best firming treatment
i got a tube for my mother in law as well
i showed my friends and they were amazed!!
after reading the reviews
ladies, don't sleep on this one, it's a winner!!!
the great gals at the sephora in jcpenneys
a very nice male sales consultant told me about this product
i keep tubes in my house
s down my favorite
so bad that my mother said as a baby she noticed then how large my pores were lol
the lady who suggested it to me told me its almost like "dap"
the first being a drug-store br
when i ordered this
living in georgia we have a lot of heat
five stars and i recommend this to everyone!
oh boy, was i pleasantly surprised.
this is my second tube
:( this product is a miracle worker.
the smashbox photo finish primer- which i love
this is a keeper to my daily regimen.
was told that it was discontinued
i love this product-- i've been using it since it was in the old pink packaging
forget about my foundation
got the white one btw
i recently had a baby
about 7 months postpartum my skin flipped out
i turned to this woth my clarisonic
one of the women helped me pick a regimen.
i am a religious user of josie maran's illuminated
read the instructions throughly
josie maran is no stranger to me
now i'm praying she doesn't stop selling this wash hah
this stuff is the bomb
it's also cruelty free and vegan.
just baby clear skin
abused my skin through the 80s
i am impressed and sold.
i am in my third trimester of pregnancy
this have been a life saver for me
be sure to read the instructions.
i am 25 yrs old
i look 10 years younger!!!!
i also love how it looks just sitting in my old fashioned bathroom
i wanted to try out benefit's skin care line since they became my favorite cosmetics br
this is why i removed 1 star.
i got this set for my birthday
as i enter my 30s
i read other reviews
i recommended it to my mom, and she loves it too.
i gave this to m friend
she says she loves it on her skin
one reviewer said it reminds her of what a mermaid might have on her vanity
my only complaint is
about a week into using this product i had a allergic skin reaction to something i ate
my sister loved this product.
i tried it at the sephora store in knoxville on a whim
big fan of this cream.
tried this in the store
ladies- i always wore make up before i found this gem
the combo rocked my world
use as a trinket-holder when i'm done
its my favorite yet.
i am not a fan of their regular cream in the bottle
my husband even likes the toner.
perfect for my desert s
a personal story that happened today
did you get a facelift?
as soon as i discovered it
match made in heaven
t's fine in my books
i live in the high desert
definitely go in-store
this is the cutest thing in the world!
the box was adorable
i am a happy camper
i got this out of desperation when i went to vegas
i literally want to marry it and have its babies.
i fell in love
not my holy grail for the day
i did let a friend borrow it when she needed to hydrate her face
definitely lives up to its claims.
i got a sample size of this is my countdown to love advent calendar
i still hadn't found one
i decided to try this gem
this is one of my favorites in my eye journey so far
just recently a new mother
i only have one complaint.
this is my favorite
first off i have rubbish skin to be honest.
i keep trying other br
i curse myself for being cheap
which some of my friends are
after a week of using this my sister asked me what makeup i was wearing when i was wearing none
i told her i had been using this eye cream
as another reviewer mentioned
23 yr old college student who averages 6 hrs of sleep every 2 days
for the roughest semester of my college years
i saw a change asap
i keep it in the refrigerator
i noticed my skin looked a lot better after using it fr a couple months
i keep it in the fridge
i am the queen of dry skin.
i am on my 3rd one already
boy this cream is magic
i am currently 6 months pregnant
the girl who helped me gave me a sample of this
i read reviews about how people complained about the fragrance
i just accepted it as a fact of life for me
my skin is a nightmare
one girl who has yet to steer me wrong directed me towards this calendula balm
this is one of my faves
this is one of my favorites
told her i was unimpressed with my current serum
she guided me towards this
my wedding is in 6 months
the products i am faithful to
along with my clarisonic mia 2 have done wonders for my skin
murad is one of my go to br
i am "maturing" at age 42
have had two kids
a friend recommended that maybe i try this one
even my husband noticed.
i live in a desert climate
i look like i haven't slept in a year?'
pouches from my mother
i just had a baby
n my mid-twenties
i inherited chronic dark shadows from my wonderful dad
this was recommended to me by a sephora rep when i asked about undereye dark circle treatments
will stay at 4 stars bc i have seen a difference
i think i am on my third bottle
i think i am o my third bottle
i know i'll have a keeper
as an older woman
i am an eye cream connoisseur
i am 63 years old and an aesthetician.
i will use her products forever
a sephora employee recommended this one to me
i wish this came in a jar
by the time i get dressed
i love this br
i am 68 years old and love this eye cream.
imagine my horror when i recently went to sephora to restock
i learned my lesson
suggested to me by a sephra employee
s out as being an absolute favorite of mine
lancome happened to have a gift special around mother's day
picked up a gift for my mom
as for all of the claims the br
this one lives up to the st
told them my problem
i visited my local store
used by everyone in the family from teenagers to 40'ish mom
girl what's the point of that?
it's money well-spent, trust me.
my lady buys it for me.
i actually purchased this for my boyfriend who has a beard
i am on my 3rd jar of this product
i am a believer in ren
this has become a staple in my bathroom cabinet
took it on a trip to visit my family in new engl
also a winner i think
not filled with junk
my bf stated my face was very shiny
i asked a sephora advisor about it
just purchased this product for my sister right before christmas
she's in her early 20's
i contacted ren about the air in the tube
they emailed me back
a worker at sephora recommended this to me after i mentioned that my usual exfoliator wasn't cutting it
ur skin will thank you:-
this is my favorite in the genre
i went into my neighborhood sephora
give this product a try ladies!
i gave this to my friend who was suffering from really bad acne
my search ends here
at the suggestion of a sephora consultant
this is my favorite
after the aha treatment or my clarisonic
my trust in the br
this is by far my favorite
even my husband noticed a difference.
i am becoming a fan of ren products.
bought this for my daughter
i gave this to her for christmas
i tried this after reading many positive reviews
this is a great product from a woman who has tried them all
great cream for girls in their 20s & 30s.
thanks for another great one, ren.
i wasn't wowed immediately
oh man am i indebted to ren for life
i am a product junkie
i am not a review writer, but i love ren.
people asked if i was wearing foundation bec it evens my skin tone
i walked into the sephora in santa monica
i saw an interview with ole in some magazine where they talked about the revamp of this line
imagine my dismay when i arrived at my local sephora
she did not direct me to the website
the lady at sephora store recommended this to me
i just bought another bottle to give to my mum
for the longest time i was perplexed by products
i am a dedicated ole henriksen fan though.
i already wrote a review
i am a loyal user of ole henriksen's face products
so this oh total truth has met my st
i am a college student
the sales woman said this would help
the ole line was recommended to me at the store
that is my only complaint.
i've used all of the department store br
this is a new product to me that the girl in the store suggested
officially into its thirties
if it works through jan-march
i am in my 40's
someone recommended this to me recently
went back to my perricone md!
you're in the palace being pampered
leaving your skin in a fabulous ph balance
the skin care rep recommended this to me
taking off my makeup seperately i finally asked a skin care girl about an all-in-one
i love it and wish i had discovered it years ago.
i received this as a birthday gift in january
i wish the bottle wasn't glass though.
1st of all i'm a huge perricone girl
i gave to my mother in her sixties to try
a sephora rep put some on my h
was devastated when it was discontinued
was excited to see his new hypo line
i finally sought out a skinscare specialist at my local store
this product had just arrived to her store
she bravely recommended it
bought it for my friend
this is a god send!
i still have bags
feel no guilt for spending $65
i feel like i hit the jackpot
this cream is an absolute rock star!
as i march through my 30s
i've never stuck with one particular br
i am 53 years old
he swears by it
have been a clinique all about eyes girl forever
i took that advice to heart
a friend recommended this to me
i first bought this at sephora while vacationing in scottsdale
being raised in the florida sun
the sales lady suggested this product
look very young for my age
my high school reunion was coming up
i swear by it.
am often mistaken for mid-forties
i am 25 years old
this one is a winner
rave about when i go into a sephora
a rep at sephora introduced me to the perricone line
daughter have remarked at how good my eyes look
i keep it at my desk
i am an early senior citizen
when i asked the lady to help me she directed me to a skin care associate to help me moisturize my skin
i wanted to cry, this is a miracle worker.
realized i was wasting money
even my boyfriend said it looked like it was glowing
i am 44 years old
my husband has noticed the difference.
this is an incredible product that my boyfriend
that was until now thanks to dr
one pot has lasted me approx 4
perricone rep that was in the store
until the lady put this on me
unruly behavior this winter
i remembered then that i used to use an old formula by dr
i decided to switch because my previous br
people even asked me if i had been tanning!
this is my life saver
after very imformative discussion with sephora sa
i tried this new perricone
the lady in sephora told me she swore by this
it worked for her
co-workers who all loved it as well
i kid you not people thought i had a office treatment
from other comments i read
i know i searched for years
i am a women of color
the cashier asked if i had had braces removed
i said no--i hadn't worn any in the past 15 yrs
tool time line pics
that's when i'll be ordering myself another bottle
holy cow have i noticed a difference
i could kiss the creator of this product all day
im white as a piece of paper
have been recommending it to my friends
i gave only 4 stars
my soon to be 55 year old h
stupidly excessively using tanning beds when i was in my teens
my skin has not looked this good since i was a young teenager
then having two kids
this is a god send
i followed the instructions
i used this after i got home at 1 am from a show choir competition
this is my absolute favorite
i used with my clarisonic
after using this magic goody my skin feels like newborn baby :-
then i read the instructions
being a face wash junkie
now that i"m getting older
my 15 year old daughter
i would highly recomend this for women of my age
even younger ones like my daughter
being a bit of a beauty junkie
this is my all time favorite
maybe this is for older women's skin
i would compare to a burnt piece of toast
i immediately had to show my friend
i would day this is my favorite
not greasy, just comforted.
i didn't follow the directions
i read the reviews
i am definitely considering asking for this as a gift for christmas
i revived a sample and loved it then.
this is a staple in my shower.
really who acres when you have cleanser that dies such a great job
so glad i splurged
went to sephora, the lady suggested this one.
it has grown on me
probably one of my favorites
i feel like a traitor
it has been a miracle worker for my combination skin
the sephora lady recommended it
i looked 5-10 years younger
since im a student on a budget i cant purchase their whole line
i am recommending this to all my friends
this was recommended to me
i am happy to report that i am a converted girl now
i finally got it for christmas
at 40 yrs old i've noticed more fine lines
i am always very skeptical about claims on bottles
on a whim i checked out the beautypedia database
all of my girlfriends want this for the summer now
this is a definite keeper!
this has to be my absolute favorite
i share this with my fiancé because he found that it works wonders on his skin as well
i recently forgot to bring this on vacation
this came recommended from a sephora employee.
so, i share my beauty products with him.
that is the only reason i gave this 5 star product a 4 star rating
this is my third product in this br
since then i am a loyal fan
my sister-in-law convienced me to try
now all of my girlfriends want my secret
received this as a beauty insider mini
in this case mine
i cannot imagine leaving this br
bring me back to my youth when i was studying fine arts
this is my favorite for repairing
i am a dedicated fan of algenist
my skin protested such
the only reason im leaving at 4 stars
i will admit i gasped at the price
with that in mind i embarked on a skin treatment journey
i decided to be brave
i could not st
this one is my absolute favorite
about fainted at first
i am hooked on algenist.
was amazed at the results
even at my age
yet because of my age
my face just says "ahhhh"
that little jar made me an algenist fan for life.
thankfully my birthday is coming up
used it today for my birthday gift
no matter what her age
this miracle worker is lightweight
im only 26 yrs old
boy was i shocked
was wowed by the appearance of my completion
was shocked to see that it was $90
i am only 23 years old
have fallen in love
i even put it on my 2 year old appendectomy scar last night
love this sleeping mask.
i recommended it to all my friends as well.
share the goodies with friends!
recently i went shopping a sephora
this product saved my life!
amazing one of my favorites!
it has saved my skin
i am not one to review
no complains at all!
first time writing review
would recommend this to all my friends.
me being the product junkie i am gave it a shot
i usually use just an oil free moisturizer that my mothers friend from australia sent us
in the mourning when i went to go wash my face my skin was absolutely beautiful
my boyfriend isn't crazy about it
i live in a town
), and i fell in love.
living in the mountains
this product is a keeper!
it gave my friend a headache when she used it
story of my life: i have oily skin
i am now ordering my third jar
at one point in my life
my skin was my worst enemy
loved this night cream!
mmidiately made my mind to buy this wen i saw it
this is by far my favorite
purchased this myself as well
this is a miracle worker.
after my friend told me about the clinique turn around overnight serum
which is another blessing
its gotten worse since ive been at college
i didn't expect a miracle worker
this is a miracle worker
this product worked miracles literally overnight.
i buy a jar religiously 2-3 times a year.
even my clueless boyfriend
my mom always used it
now i'm addicted to this product!
i owned a jar of this about a year back
i am on my third jar
you can tell by my medicine cabinet which is full of empty cans of this
the salesperson upsold me
fortunately a friend brought me a pot from europe
i am in my 30's
im on my second bottle
even purchased one for my mom with dry skin who is in her late 50s
i went on vacation recently
i only give 4 stars
there are other br
bought this after i had a makeover
used this for my oldest step daughter
as a member of the "lazy make up removal club" i am a big fan
my husband thinks so too.
i've tried drug store br
came across this ny accident and i love it.
picked this up last weekend at disney since i forgot my makeup remover
my friend recommended me this last year
after i got one home, i immediately loved it!!
have recommended to my friends
i saw a beauty blogger talk about this
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
a friend recommended this for me and i love it.
was hit by a drunk driver while riding his bike
he was in a coma
after using this once, i"m hooked.
i introduced my mom to this while on a family trip
she purchased some for herself the week we came home because she loved it
i am a busy stay at home mom
this was my rescue product for sure.
my opinion is my own
i wish this was in a tube
recommend this for any mommy who lacks sleeps
this is 100% my own opinion
i became obsessed immediately
it has the prettiest
i believe it also helped with my dark circles which i had since i was up basically all night long with a sick child lol
am obsessed with it
this one is my favorite
i tried it and my mom did as well.
making me look younger and younger
as a mom i'm always tired
am very sleep deprived
my opinion is my own
others were made up evil gnomes
people have literally told me i look more alert.
my opinion is my own
especially since i'm a sleep deprived mom.
my teen has started trying this around her eyes too
on top of that i am a full time online student.
until i tried this little miracle worker
practice that i now regret
you can check my instagram for pics @beautykarma21
this eye cream works wonders on my tired mommy eyes
check out my instagram for reviews on products @1for_maral
i keep mine in the fridge
my best bud just bought this
i make my girlfriend
i am a 47 year old woman with oily/combination skin
i've had acne on my face since i was a teenager
i am also an athlete so at the end of the day my skin is very greasy
my sister gave this to me since she wasn't really using it
my mom uses it
my boyfriend is obsessed with using this wash in the shower
i don't have a beard
go to the origins store
i've used this as my st
the lady told me about this
it is my fav face wash for sure!
i used this entire regimen on my 13 year old nephew
someone wrote a post titled "burns so good".
it was time to ween myself off of it
i just bought my 2nd bottle today!
since moving to charlotte from miami 9 months ago my skin has been acting
thank the lord she did
this happened to me my freshman year
i am so thankful to lara at sephora inside jcpenney at woodfield mall
as i'm someone who has a compulsion to pick/pop
my boyfriend says it hurts
didn't work for my friend
my pre-teen daughter was having some issues with blemishes
after reading other reviews i decided to get this for her to try
t works well on middle aged skin as well
my friends wedding is in a couple weeks
i've tried it all: drugstore br
my 16 year old daughter loves it, too.
my wife over a year
i am 27 years old now!
my husband loved it and used it up lol.
i take care of my body by eating right
i loved the oil free version of this
request it for birthdays
i am 60 years old
i am on my first jar
i can almost hear my skin drinking this product.
and this one is by far my favorite.
it says to use am
this is by far the best br
a friend bought me a travel size
i am a product junkie and have tried the best.
a friend gave this to me on my 27th birthday-
that's how much i loved the skin guardian one
my boyfriend asked me why my face is so soft!
i love origins as a company
this is definitely a keeper
i spoke to one of the consultants who recommended i give it a full week
on its own with my dr
im new to the origins train
i cannot say enough good things about white tea skin guardian
i recommended it to 2 of my girlfriends who are almost 50
the guardian spreads well
and the skin guardian is great as a primer.
if you enjoy winter sports ie skiing
its one of my fav night cream
my boyfriend has even noticed how amazing my skin looks in the morning when i wake up
ever happened to me before
i've switched to drunk elephant lala retro whip
i got this in an origins gift set
when i woke up- wow
i fell in love
i've recommended it to all my friends
first i am a proverbial skincare science junkie who spends thous
i am 34 years old
it was literally a miracle!!
this product was 200% for me a + the bomb
this is my super hero
first off i never write reviews.
i feel tricked out of 50 bucks
it say "night"-a-mins
after 5 or so days, my skin is loving it!
and my skin drinks it up and loves it.
i took a leap of faith
this has quickly become my holy grail night cream after hearing kathleenlights rave about it
e across my face
this stuff will last you ages
this is my absolute favorite
you have my heart
for someone who never had skin problems until my twenties
my mother with combination skin switched to it
anytime i stray from it my skin suffers
my only concern is keeping my roommates away from this cleanser
i am on the fence with this product.
a sephora beauty consultant recommended this to me when i was on accutane when my face was extremely dry
now ive been off it since december
this is definitely my new favorite cleanser from one of my long time favorite br
which i accidentally purchased thinking it was this one
lives up to its claims
even when i was a kid i used to take my moms origins products
great for the entire family
my sister turned me onto this product.
i happened upon this brand by accident.
the saleswoman recommended this
although i admit to trying other br
i clogged my boyfriends sink for a week
my friend used some
no such worries with this beauty treasure.
have used this since my teens
the first time i used it a friend of mine saw me
i received this as part of a trip with the rose clay
i pray this product is never discontinued
this is probably my favorite mask!
my boyfriend has been loving the out of trouble 10 minute mask by origins
my sister also loves!
am a long time glamglow supermud junkie
a friend recommended this to me, and i love it!!
this is my second tube and i am a fan.
i am 45 years old and this does absolute wonders.
then mother nature comes to remind me i'm human
to my amazement it worked
of course its not a miracle worker
which is about my only complaint
i took off a star because i cannot st
ive spent a fortune on expensive
i just bought my first house
discovered this while in san francisco on a trip
i can't live without it in my bathroom cabinet
n my mid-thirties
i am a mother of 3 kids under 5
i knew i needed to try eye doctor
i feel wakened immediately.
my makeup went on like a dream!
i am in my early twenties
the was recommended to me
after i moved to the states i
good starter eye cream for young girls around 20s
and this is the winner.
i've used this since october- yes
my eyes are 56 yrs old
wished i got one with brightening
a friend of mine who worked at origins for 3 years told me about this
this product made me a fan of origins
big origins fan this is my first ever origins purchase
im 30 i just started using this line
has worked wonders for my irritated
as someone on a budget
it has saved my skin
now my teenage daughter does too
my boyfriend and i both use it.
this has been the best br
thank you to my local augusta ga sephora for giving me a sample to try
i work in a kitchen
i fell in love
i read the reviews online and decided to try it.
so i ended up getting it for my boyfriend.
defenately a winner in my book.
i wish i hadn't waited 2 weeks to purchase.
this fave wash is the best, ever!
this was recommended to me by a friend
boy was i wrong!
i knew there was a sephora nearby
i am in my 30's
i found it irritating at first
i am entering my 2nd trimester of pregnancy
when a friend told me about the zero oil line i was hooked
origins is becoming one of my faves.
i am a huge fan of origins masks.
a friend bought me this to try
i run for it when i've been a naughty skin parent
it is by far my favorite
that's a lot coming from a canadian girl battling the winter terrors
i found origins drink up 10 minute mask
i am glowing after using this.
asked for a mask for a first timer lol
the lady was helpful
which i heard is amazeballs
after reading reviews i decided to give this a chance
living in the crazy weather of the northeast
especially since i just relocated to dallas
my staple for long plane-rides
must say this has converted me to an origin's girl for sure
after 10 mins of wearing it
this cream is a winner
i am a 35 year old springboard diver that is outside
i tried this product on a whim after receiving an email about different masks at sephora
as the name says
i am a product junkie
my skin is so tortured
my mum has really dry skin
my mom got me this lotion because she'd heard good things about the br
i live in desert climate
i tried a lot of br
i think i've found the winner
one of the workers at the sephora i shop at regularly recommended this
this along with sunday riley's good genes is my official face routine
i read all the reviews
i believed it made myself more oily
i wish it was a tube with a pump!
always have it in my gym bag
while visiting family in mi
if you live in the north
living in the south though
together they are my holy grail
will be sharing with other members of my family
that is my only complaint.
i received this item as a gift from a friend of mind
this is one of my favorite masks!
i decided to give this mask a go because my sister loved the origins active charcoal mask
the beauty consultant gave me a sample
a sephora employee recommended this to me swearing this wouldn't be too harsh
then in the fridge
i never leave reviews
being a 20 year old who drinks
while i liked their br
the employee suggested this mask
this is my favorite mask from origins.
one of my fav masks before a night out!
leave it for 40 mins
this mask is probably my favorite mask i've ever tried
this is a lifer saver!!
i recommended to several friends
i got the .34 ounce for 4 dollars and love it!
this mask saved my life and i got so obsessed!!!
i am quite the face mask connoisseur
definitely a staple in my household.
i tried a bunch of origin's masks
this one was my favourite
i recently entered my thirties
originally bought the pod as a stocking stuffer for my mom
after talking to a salesperson at the origins store
i recommend using this night before wedding
they just f'ing disappeared
remembered i had this mask
my skin has been freaking out
despite the fact that i am now middle aged
i wasn't over the moon with the results
one of my favorite masks of origins !
as a girl in my early 20's i'm starting to experience very different skin from that in my teen years
no thanks to all nighters
my face is a total pizza
i never leave reviews
i am 30 years old
absolutely love it in the summer time in las vegas when it's 100 degrees out
since i've been using this bad boy
my coworker even told me that i look pale
asked if i was sick
i recently purchased the girl on the fly pack for a trip to europe i was taking
i knew i needed to beef up my skincare after the long flights
multiple friends have been complimenting my skin since i've been using
nothing compares best line ive ever used
a sephora beauty consultant recommended it to me during a makeover
i just bought my second jar
this is my favorite
this is truly the first time i have indulged myself in an eye cream
mother always scolded me that good skincare was a must
it's honestly a miracle worker
this is my first time writing a review
was very skeptical until i saw an old picture of myself
all if which he claimed were scams
i am literally shocked at the difference in my eyes
i never recommend products to friends or family
i think i found a keeper!
i am in my late thirties
this product has made me an origins fan
this eye cream definitely has become my new fave.
eye cream known to man
unless i wanted to look like norma desmond in sunset boulevard-watch the movie
jack black is my new love.
my skin is thanking me
follow the directions to the letter
a few $$ to give mother nature the finger
1st i never have written one of these reviews
is definitely a secret gold mine for women too
omg these have changed my life!
i totally would recommend this to a friend.
still i've tried different br
every time i stray from the br
i pray clinique never stops making it.
this stuff has been like bootcamp for my face
i am 31 with no fine lines
one for my mom
said to a customer whom the clerk was trying to convince
my mom had the older version of turnaround
i am 50 years old
i've never personally written a review before
one of the main reasons i decided to try this product is because of the clinic br
s down my favorite product
this stuff has been like bootcamp for my face
my first east coast winter after living in california was awful on my skin
which is why i docked one star.
my skin drinks this up and loves it.
recommending to my fellow peers
i am someone who has suffered with extremely dry
this saved my skin
in the winter i turn into a reptile
i live in the desert
t if was offensive
then i found this little miracle worker
i actually just bought my 4th one!
it saved me this winter.
i put this on after drunk elephant marula oil.
bought this on accident
i found the best one!
this one is my favorite
i grew up watching my mom use clinique
it is a miracle worker
i swear by this now
i live in southern california where the sun is always shining
i used it before my flight and liked it.
my foundation was starting to cake
it's just been sitting in my bathroom
have since i was in my teens
i live in the desert
was given this by a sephora clerk
was in the store
nothing is going to work a miracle on aged skin
i did my research
i took her word for it
i am in my 30s
she led me to the dermdoctor section
they didnt carry that br
sephora is lucky to have her best knowledge in store
i prefer to age gracefully
my vanity will take a back seat to my inner beauty in due time
that's a miracle at my age.
working on my 2nd one
could get away from the grocery store br
she recommended i try the wrinkle revenge series
i am 40 years old
a sephora associate recommended this after seeing me walk around the soap
her face was natural
i am a diehard dior fan
many nights are sleep deprived due to an ill family member
it just so happened that the day i tried this product was a santa ana dry wind day
even my daughter in law commented how nice
this is my 2nd order.
you look alert and younger.
as i have aged
after all the hype from a store visit
after reading some reviews i went to sephora
this is my 3 or 4th order.
i read the reviews
have always been a fan of perricone md
i am cautiously optimistic.
i am almost 59 years old
this sales lady insisted i try this on
all the eye "magazine award winners"
i am in my 60's
loved this product i am by admission a product junkie
this is my 2nd bottle
my goddaughter even told me what a difference it makes with the crepyness on my lid
second best thing to la mer--- great for me during the summer
i am 32 years old
the ladies at the store were great
ths is my second bottle now
viola-i look awake
tried a bunch of different br
i am already a big fan of perricone md
my teenage daughter even noticed
my mother both love it
even though i am a skin care junkie
plus she told me she received compliments on how good she looked
i will go out an bye this product a++++ in my book
i saw a couple of c
i recently purchased this from a tv shopping channel
my coworkers have even noticed
i knew dr. perricone would rock it!!
the girls at sephora told me abouth this new product
my eye's look more youthful and awakened.
the sales girl at sephora swore up
you must remove dead
am kind of addicted to it
it saved m life!
have recommend it to my friends
brilliant my face looked at my recent visit
i feel confident walking out of the house w/o any make up
this combo is perfect for this florida girl!
my skin was begging for this boscia stuff
i first tried it on vacation with my aunt
the sales guy recommended it to me
i got this cleanser by accident in the mini/travel size section
best shopping accident ever!
works a dream on the skin
i've never tried any of this br
that was my mistake.
i blame myself for that
it's the first product i've bought from this br
everyone in my local sephora rants
it was recommended to me by a friend
my friend told me it's the best my skin's ever looked
this one is by far my favorite
at first i was dedicated to fancy
my husband even uses it!
now fights with his 23 year old sister over whose cleanser it is
my husband uses it too and loves it!
my daughter is a preteen
all time my favorite.
my ex-boyfriedn also tried this
that i won't name
from the same br
someone who reviewed this product gave it only one star
a friend commented that i must have lost weight
i got this as 100 point gift
i am seriously blown away
really aged the look of my skin
loved the way my skin looked so ordered a jar.
yes, this one is a keeper.
the more products i have tried from this br
received this as a beauty insider goodie.
i used the promo code on my order
my dermatologist told me at the start of this year to
as i had when i was younger
i went in skeptical
bought this for my mother
made her look younger.
my older sister (33) loves it too.
personal favorite for my 48 year skin.
algenist is now my go to br
i waited till my skin was healed
this really lives up to its name.
who is in his mid 40s
i am 31 years old with relatively good skin
i look years younger
i am 44 years old, but my skin looks amazing!
when i press on my cheek
i am completely hooked!
forehead since i became 20
it is the closest to a miracle cream that i have found
mother had to get surgery just so she could see
i am actually going to recommend it to my mom for her eyes
the woman at sephora talked me into buying this eye gel
i am 25, my grandma is 83.
after reading the reviews i saw that one reviewer said this product got rid of her milia
sunday riley was more expensive
she uses it herself
she told me it works great with the opal
and was she ever right!
even my husband noticed.
i actually looked like i lost a boxing match.
one at my bedside
this is definitely on of my favs.
recommended by the cosmetologist who did a makeover for me back in may
she used it on me
sooo i was searching for a product
i do look young for my age
i wasn't looking young that day
even my husband uses it!
if i was the person reading this instead of writing it
after a couple of days of pity party because the consultant said i shouldn't use eyeliner
my recommendation is go into your sephora store
if i was a member of the 1%
my skin has lived a lot lore than it should have at my age
the one girl working there recommended this
i am in your age group
she told me to drop the clinique
the lady suggested me to this one
ride or die face product
i used this bad boy
i swear it's a miracle worker!
thanks to the lady working at sephora on wallstreet?
i just wish it was cruelty free
not this one - this guy's a keeper!
as it was recommended to me by a sephora employee when i was visiting my sister
this mosturizer has been a blessing
my face is thanking me for it
this met all of my dem
my prayers have been answered
my mom introduced me to skincare
the lady who helped me out was so helpful
she gave me so much advice
this was a recommendation from her
i began using this in my wedding beauty preparation
i am a mature woman
hit the jackpot with this one- love it!
doesn't make my foundation seperate.
read bout it in a blog not realizing it was for oily/combo skin ordered it
a girl at sephora recommended this product for my skin
this creme was suggested by a sephora associate when i told her my issue
the moment i tried this i was addicted!
ever since i started using korres br
the sales person at the store told me it's not for me because i have acne
if you're a woman of a certain age
if anyone makes a drugstore dupe of this
i will be in heaven
i recently stopped taking bc
i found this during my last pregnancy
this has become my guilty pleasure.
so now the old formula
this is one of my favorite
smooth in my teens
this one is by far my favorite
this is a must for skin care lovers!!
one of the best night creams i used in my life from 15 to 35 years old
even my mother who has
known me my whole life
i flew from the us to israel
another trip to london this year
my little sister and i love this product.
this has been my holy grail
even turned my mother on to it
i just had a baby
i am miss my old radiant skin i had while i was preggo
thank you korres for saving my skin!!
got it in sephora beauty sleep favorites.
this is my absolute favorite
summer in southwest georgia is brutal ---hot
which was a wonderful discovery
have recommended it to all my friends
recommend this to all my friends.
a new favorite for my skin routine
i’ve been interested in sleeping masks
the sales girl told me how great it was
upon seeing me recently
mother would use when i was younger
i got this because the ba said this made her pores smaller
i got one for my mom too
then i head to bed
i am a huge fan of this balm
this was recommended to be by a friend
dry skin say goodbye!
feels like a spa visit every night
i tried this as a friend of mine recommended this as it is like a 2 in one cleanser
i give this 10 stars!!
boy was that a mistake!!
still searching for my hg
because in my opinion
this was recommended to me
full disclosure a ren rep was in the store
now i am hooked for life
i only got a sample as i was visiting in laws
this stuff is the bomb!
then i read the reviews.
this is a miracle in a jar
talk about spa treatment at home
i've used two bottles of it, loved it.
it has really helped my skin al
i am new to this br
this is my new favorite
this has been the st
i am a flight attendant
i recently attended a sephora event
i am 57 years old
i've recently fallen in love with this product!
this stuff is gold in a bottle!
people are telling me i am glowing
i ordered two of the tiny cans.
mine lasted for almost 5 months (that's 13$/mo).
this is my second bottle of his product- i love it
my mom actually purchased this product
s in the store
i asked the sephora assistant what it did
i am 56 yeas old.
just had my first kate somerville facial
maybe i just got a lucky bottle
plan to send one of them to my best friend
i admit i am too young to vouch for the plumping effect
as a skin care junkie
after using it for a few weeks my cousin said to me "what's all this beautiful skin about?"
people write i used this around my mouth
i am a big fan of the br
2 coworkers comment on how "fresh" i looked
i think this is a keeper lol.
i wish i could bathe in it.
this product saved my skin
i read the review people wrote on here
allie at the beverly center sephora recommended this product to me
this winter has been murder on my skin
i am 63 years old
bye bye dry face.
had been using ole henriksen products for years when i decided to try philosophy's miracle worker after receiving a deluxe sample
after two weeks of using it i had strangers telling me that they thought my daughter
this is my first experience with this br
i recently switched to a few ole henriksen products
i am 47 years old
pron i am 47 years old
i recently switched from proactive to kate somerville wash
this is my 4th bottle
that is my only complaint
i held my breath
was recommended this ans i am in love
i briefly switched to ole henriksen's nuture me
it honestly sat in my cabinet a month
you look like when we first married."
i am on a mission to find replacement products for all of my philosophy faves
it is small enough to tote with you in your purse or workbag or schoolbag
i live in the desert
like a high school art room
like a dream sicle sort of
this saves my life
as another reviewer said
i do wish i could have smelled the other notes it mentions in the description
thats with taking meds for them every hour
i immediately bought another to keep in my bookbag
my most recent purchase is going to a friend
whose job is heartbreaking
a good friend of mine introduced this to me one night when i was having a pretty bad attack
i got myself a bottle of my own
this is one of my fav products!
especially when living in a crazy city that doesn't sleep
my coworker had purchased this
im going to pair this with my bubble bath next time
saw this featured on dr
my husband says it lasts for a while.
yoga teacher put it on my forehead one night
i like to keep this little bottle at my desk
my mother gave me this
massage therapist turned me on to this.
it's a mini-getaway for a few minutes.
i 'thought' it was working
that has never happened in the history of my life
my boyfriend has evened noticed a new glow
i consider this line a keeper!
this was recommended to me by a skin care pro at a sephora store
i hate carrying a jar around in my purse.
i originally got a teensy jar
this product has been a miracle worker
probably due to it being made in japan
however it is only about $70 at most in japan
at first trying it i was a little skeptic
i've had my tube since december
i finally hit the jackpot with this baby
omg i still have dreams about his moisturizer
got this for my husband.
bought 2--one for me & one for my boyfriend.
applied to boyfriend the first chance i got
this has been a life saver
holy god this is magiclike i was super skeptical about this
which is why i gave it 4 stars
it is my new 2015 beauty regiment
i saw a review on yahoo for this
i keep in fridge
who is more macho man than beauty man
my bf uses it almost every morning
as a person who often pulls all nighters
i am 41 years old
i keep it on my bedside table
the sephora employee who was helping me said she kept hers in the refrigerator
so does my boyfriend
i initially bought this for my fiance
i put it in the fridge
stole it off my vanity
if i had one complaint.
bought on the passionate recommendation of an associate at my local sephora store
its genetic- everyone in my family has them.
the day after i've cried
this one is a go from my mother!
i am a product junkie
my skin always looks taught
she was 78 years old
people always thought she was her 40s or 50s
tried to find the jar i remembered her using
i started to use juno
i tried many others and this was my favorite.
the fragnance is old school
after reading the reviews
i feel like i've been to the spa every time
i keep it in my purse
i am a beauty product junkie
i am a holistic nurse
i now want to visit budapest
can visit the headquarters
do have a family to feed
as a woman with combination/oily skin i am always on the hunt
since i got this in the intro kit
before this one i was using anne semonin
the night cream is one of my favorites
this is a night treatment i look forward to treating myself
if you love sunday riley's luna night sleeping oil
i fell in love!
i got the trial size of this and am loving it!
this is my 1st review
instead let the queen of hungry reign
now i am pregnant it has changed
clinique is my favorite- i've used it for 15 years
as a girl with problem skin
esp my neck/chest
this angel of a product however
even my mother loves it
when i first purchased juno oil i was very underwhelmed
this oil is a miracle.
like burnt store br
frozen pizza or pizza rolls
wonder how i ever ate such food
this stuff changed my life.
i tried this oil
after a terrible experience with the luna oil
now i'm on my 2nd bottle
my skin has come to life
sunday riley is fave <3
a girl at sephora recommended this to me
it has saved my skin!
i started using this oil about 9 months ago after my son was born
gave the rest of the bottle to my mom
i found this one
don't get me started on that glow girl
much happier than my wallet
this has become a holy grail in my family!
this stuff is a miracle worker!!!
i decided on sunday riley
i went on vacation to mexico
after years of designer drugs and cigarettes.
this seriously saves my skin
i am addicted to the other sunday riley face oil
this is one of my absolute favorites
wanted to try another sunday riley product
i rarely writ reviews but i just have to.
i've got a closet full of department store
i am obsessed with this juno oil
since then i had a facial done from a very well trained facialist who explained that firstly
i watched the interview with sunday riley on the pixiwoo youtube channel
enjoyed hearing how much science is behind her oils
saved a got the luna oil after hearing all the good reviews
while watching youtube i saw an interview with sunday riley
i am now addicted to luna
bloggers had phenomenal reviews
luna is my favorite for night time.
boy, was i wrong?
i've used many different br
i wake up with baby soft
was intrigued by juno rave reviews
i even set up a camera to make an unboxing video just for my initial reaction to the smell
i grew up helping out my gr
father in his shop
i give it 4 stars for 2 reasons
this oil from sunday riley has transformed my skin in 3 weeks
this product lived up to all my expectations.
sunday riley: please fix the packaging on this item
i love sunday riley
i emailed sunday riley's customer service
was shocked when i received an email back from sunday herself
when my skin is behaving
thank you stephanie nicole for the recommendation
i ran out just in time for my wedding.
my sweet sister offered to help me with wedding clean up or honeymoon prep
could take it to hawaii on my honeymoon
this is my second bottle and i'm in love!
sunday riley is spot on amazing!
a career in ballroom dancing i did not expect to love sunday
it totally transformed my husb
meaning i read the box
thank god it grew back
my skin sings with happiness every night
my best friend actually let me give this a spin for two weeks because she's revamping her skincare
gave me a facial in the store
my sister also used this product
i used the tlc drunk elephant
sunday riley addressed these problem areas
this was my first sunday riley purchase.
fell in love with good genes
i am ordering my second big bottle.
i am 28 years old
only the ceo in the morning
my boyfriend made a comment about the smell when i got in bed one night
it's my single favorite thing i've ever purchased at sephora
great job sunday riley!
and boy did it perform!
buuutt i am using gg in unison with a few other star players
i mixed it with ceo my first few times.
i complimented a woman on her skin
she said she used sunday riley products
let me start by saying i am a sephora cast member
have convinced my mother
sister to start using it too
i've texted numerous people to make them try it.
i am an african-american woman in my 30's who has a condition
recommend it to all my friends
i always thought as a 27 year old my skin was firm
my skin looked like it did when i was a teenager
i tried this when i had a horrible flu
ya'll, i am a 24 year old asian american gal.
i am a pageant queen for my community
this isn't a miracle worker
oh man, i wish i hadn't fallen in love with this.
i saw people talk about this product on youtube
it's a gift from the makeup heaven
i initially purchased this in the november vib sale after hearing rave reviews about it
i emailed sunday riley customer support directly asking if this was a purging stage or if my skin had to get used to it
heard no reply for weeks
it was a miracle in a bottle.
boy was i wrong.
never go another day without this miracle worker
i work in a show
i started out buying the sunday school kit at the recommendation from an associate
it literally is like a miracle in a bottle.
i stumbled across a review blog about this cleanser
i got this in my sephora playboy
i've never used this br
a third time is a charm
including my daughter after the very first time i used it
i scout honor mean when i say i am getting oily maybe 45 mins after i apply my makeup
i am completely in thrall of this product.
which in my opinion it is!
it is a match made in heaven
my large pores have always been my pet peeve
i've spoken to a few people who use this
i am living for it
another high end br
my daughter told me about this product.
finally when i got that sephora giftcard for christmas
i seriously thank sunday riley
love this stuff - my new fav!
since i found probably the last two tubs of my discontinued fave repairwear day
i made the mistake of purchasing this @ m**y's
thank you to carmen at the bayshore store for spending the time to listen to my concerns
boy was i wrong
i am writing this review without one.
i'd like to thank lilmary for her review.
at the time i am writing this
so far this is a st
i read about this in a magazine to use it on the chest
finally i have found the perfect product for my 50 year old skin
a sephora employee told me to press it into my skin
after reading reviews from gals who have used this product i took a chance
in 3 weeks my laugh
i am in my mid thirties
this algenist was recommended to me by a skin care rep at sephora
i changed my regimen to lancome visionnaire
dior hydralife back in march
i went in on friday to get some advice from a rep
this product is a miracle worker.
i am 30 years old and have fair skin.
the photo i uploaded has not been retouched
was taken with my iphone 5
i read the instructions after i began using
always in search of the fountain of youth
when i am on camera
in hd where every little thing shows
i ordered it online
as the previous poster remarked this is totally a 'hg' product
was shocked- i looked at least 5 years younger
i still hadnt found the product
cons to the ones i tried
this is now my 3rd bottle
although never formally diagnosed
it is now almost june
it's also worked out for my mother as well
i am blemish free 99% of the year
kills it within 1-2 days
i barely write reviews
this is a must…especially for teenagers!
when i first read it
i tried philosophy because a friend swears by it
was no miracle worker on its own
i am on my 3rd bottle
this one is my all time favorite
we are currently stationed in south korea
which i love the sulphur spot treatment
wanted me to take accutane
found in marshalls for $16
my 16 year old daughter loves this moisturizer.
this was recommended as a night moisturizer by the girl who works at sephora
clinique still is #1 in my books
at the suggestion of a friend
it saved my skin!
always in my purse
has a matiffing effect witch i love ❤️❤️❤️
years ago my 1st review i read about this product was in bride's magazine that every bride should carry this in their bags
bought for brides to use on the day before their wedding
i grew to love it
tried a lot of different br
after he enjoyed the sample i got in december
i didn't notice any sparkles like one writer mentioned
i couldn't get into eugene to pick it up myself
i recently moved to hamburg
i love the light sent
i buy this as gifts for family who are al
i am now open to using more of the sephora br
this one is a winner for me!
i got my bf to use it
was thrilled to find a sephora store in ottawa
my sister has the same problem
it worked wonder for her too
my boyfriend said the same thing too.
i got this after i was on a budget after christmas
a sephora employee told me to try it
also fyi i use it as a morning
this product saved my skin!
then co worker told me about this.
this stuff is the bomb
recommend to my mom as well :
i live in the south
it has been a god-sent
i just purchased my second jar.
ordered this after buying the sephora collection body
even while i was on vacation in the mountains!
boy was i wrong
this one has been my absolute favorite
this is my favorite cooling eyemasks
i always keep a stash at home.
i wish i had one every single day.
i first bought this when i haven't had much sleep due to lovely midterms courtesy of the university i attend
i slept with it on
put some music on
i actually found that relaxing
love the previous reviewer's idea of wearing it all night
grab one of these babies
this isn't a miracle worker
given that i work graves i woke up to find it
i put this baby on
maybe do a before/after pic
my daughter tried them after i told her
'm constantly traveling in-between lax
bought this awesome eye mask
my son is 11 weeks old
i used it before my wedding day
my mom is obsessed with these
i the same one again before a wedding
it worked for a 2nd time
get this for when you'r'e doing hardcore partying/ not sleeping
that was recommended to me
get my daughter ready for school at same time
when studying for exams
i looked like a new woman after 20 mins with this
i actually bought this mask for my mom
the day that she used it she said she felt relax
i've used this mask before photoshoots or big nights
the next day my coworker said i did not look like i had been partying all night
now i am a believer
my allergies were through the roof friday
a drink or two at a business dinner
i needed a nap anyways
i started seeing a holistic doctor
she asked me to eat clean
i did this (and lost 13lbs!)
buying everything from drugstore br
even my boyfriend uses some of it
wish i had this in high school!!
it started in my thirties
it has totally saved
this is one of my holy grailas of now
this stuff changed my life
i left the bottle in my sister's car
i am so glad that an associate recommended this to me after i told her of my troubles with hormonal acne around my jaw line
i am on my 2nd bottle
not even to the beach
my skin became my worst enemy
this product actually lived up to my expectations
my son is soft
super happy i gave this a trying before considering a visit to a dermatologist as a desperate move
the final cure was to quit all tiger lol.
i've started using the clarisonic mia which has worked wonders
now im back home
when i stopped taking birth control pills
i did not have it as a teenager which was a blessing
i just discovered this product
i loved it so much i told my sister she had to purchase it
saw this on the sephora website
i bough this 2 time.
haven't ever written reviews before
i never had acne or any skin problems until about 3 months ago when i moved out of my house in chino hills
here a was a 26 yr old woman with horrible cystic acne
ptr literally changed my life.
i am a fan of the face wash
great product in my books.... :)
then a store associate recommended this
i always have a spare bottle on h
this is my go-to miracle worker.
a friend turned me on to ptr
i kinda felt like cher in clueless: "searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a pauly shore movie"
always have a spare on h
i found this gem when i went for a facial at my favorite spa in nyc called just calm down
i am still very oily eventhough i am an adult.
messed with my contacts previously
i live in wyoming
i tried another br
i switched to philosphy on a clear day
i herd the product was good
my wallet is afraid i'm hooked to ptr products
i forgot it on a trip
i told her that i wanted a non-greasy
i'll admit, i gave her a pretty tall order.
one of my faves works wonders on my pores love it
i found the perfect one for me
i never dreamed of that.
s on as a fully fledged oil assassin
love it and i carey it in my bag.
after a friend told me to buy this one
super thank you to justinmeeus@sephora for his recommendation
my esthetician was amazed
wanted to get the product for herself as well
this product is heaven sent
my fiancé even asked what i'm doing to my skin cause i'm glowing
this is now my favorite
i happened to be in the store when the perricone rep
put this product before u go in omg
so then you press ur fingers all over ur face until gone
i am a true beauty junkie
dr perricone has done it again.
as a woman in my fifties
one happy camper here
my boyfriend has made mention that my skin looks better
at work my coworkers say my skin looks healthier
i am a skincare fanatic
i liked using this mask before a event wedding
not just drinking water
sorry for novel i could go on and on !
this is now a holy grail for me
this mask is a keeper
one of my fav caudalie products!
take a detour to hydration town
my skin adores this product from caudalie.
when i was in college
it saved my skin
i originally tried this out after getting a caudalie gift for my birthday in february
it was life-changing for me.
this by far is my favorite
after a recommendation from a friend a while back
i am a skin care snob
when i am the driest
my hubby likes it too!
i love this caudalie serum- my skin routine was missing something
i wish it came in the st
it was absolutely divine
this is my 1st time trying this brand.
i am a huge fan of the caudalie line
i got a sample of this from a lovely worker in my local sephora
this product is a miracle worker!
i got this in a gift set that al
this has saved my skin
i am on my second bottle of this little miracle worker
i spoke to the beauty consultant about my concerns
a sephora assistant recommended this product to me
it has saved my skin.
a friend recommended this to me
then my s kin is parched again
i would sum it up as expensive baby powder like another reviewer said
best body oil and my absolute favorite!
i tell them that this along with a monthly facial is my secret
this is my 4th bottle of this oil.
this was a random choice and i love it.
is like a vacation for your senses
i'd never heard of this oil
this is my absolute favorite oil.
it saved my skin
one of my favorite caudalie product.
omg it makes my life
my boyfriend also uses it for his hair and face.
have been addicted ever since
before bedtime makes me feel like a thous
my daughter also uses in her hair.
my hubby thinks i smell like a gr
ma when i first put it on
when i stoped using it i noticed the dark circles
i almost never write reviews
this oil is heaven !!
the way i always dreamed about smelling after a day at a beachside spa
although i'm an oil junkie
my favorite oil so far.
s i pat on my face
this is one of my favs
i got this based off of tati on youtube.
i been suing it on my face morning
have been hooking all of my co-workers with the smaller sampler one
this mask definitely lives up to its name!
i love this pay meal mask.
my boyfriend has sensitive skin
just watch tv for a while
always have it in my drawer
if you're a oatmeal lover like me
is very dry due tot he medication
i used it during my trip to mexico.
showed a picture to my skincare guru in the back who always helps me
this has been my lifesaver.
i got it in the holiday kit
i looked like a new person
i tried a new foundation
she mentioned she was breaking out
it is one of my favorite treats
since i have purchased a second tube for myself
runner for a law firm
on a whim i ordered this product.
then i realized i haven't used this oatmeal mask in awhile
i tried this mask after reading reviews
i travel last month to vietnam
my skin has a more even apperance
a store associate at sephora turned me on to this product
it became to much to h
my sister was recommended this by the sephora lady
so when a lady in my local sephora said she had a primer i had to try i was very skeptical
although my wallet won't be happy
thank the pretty blond girl who heard my plea because she knew immediately that it was not my make up that was making me look oily
the lady immediately helped with the rescue cream
trust me boy it was my lifesaver
t really does a good job acting as a boarder between your foundation
a rep at my local sephora recommended this to try
this really is a "rescue cream"
this product saved my skin
the wonderful woman at sephora recommended this to me
i walked to the t
a few years ago i got a 1st degree sunburn on my face
i've tried first aid beauty
there i met a very helpful sales lady who gave a couple different recommendations
this stuff is heaven sent
when vinosource richie was discontinued
i like the fact that the product was made from grapes since i grew up on a grape farm
she recommended this one
although nothing replaces good sleeping habits
i gave this to my sister
i saw her again
finally wanted to write a review
i am giving 4 stars
went to the sephora in vancouver
i wanted a fix to my dark circles that runs in my family
i got this as a gift
is it a miracle worker?
an unfortunate gift from my mother
the salesgirl showed her several that are highly recommended
my sister-in-law is very happy with this product.
told me to trust her
even a close friend said they i wa looking much brighter eyed
one of my fav products!
i am getting a bit "on in yrs"
is it weird that i am a woman
old native american male with olive complexion
i hesitated to pruchase the item
i just ordered his 2nd bottle
at my wits end
i am obsessed with this oil!!
i got this in a sephoras favorites
this oil has worked miracles on my face
this has been my holy grail!
i recently bought another bottle
even my boyfriend can see a difference in my skin
i even gave some to my sister who has oily skin
i moved into an apartment last year
i got this after reading an article on different oils
i am a huge fan of fresh.
one downside is my partner isn't jazzed about kissing my face after i've put this on
a sephora employee recommended this line to me
i only read about 10 reviews
now i am hooked
i am now a firm believer
decided to check this out after i saw stephanie nicole loving it
remember your skin back in first grade
i am currently pregnant
after asking a couple of the associates their opinion
shared my sample with a friend
this is a holy grail for me!
i also had a bad skin reaction to another br
after all of my searching
a friend recommended this for brightening
i've tried many different br
after reading the reviews about this
she decided to buy one for her too
read any dermatologist advise column
the validation was when my boss mentioned that i looked very rested
even my mother-in-law asked me what i was using for my skin
i am not at all loyal to one br
am discovering that dr
i switched everything over to this br
i love this product - on my 3rd bottle.
so far my experiences with the dr
if it saves me a trip to the dermatologist
ive tried several items from this line
i read the reviews
the rep told me that even though this was a mask
i never ever have written a review
buy now and thank me later.
i saw a youtube video and gave it a try.
the lady i spoke to helped me pick this out
not even the prescription medication my doctor gave me was helping
i almost started crying tears of joy
i work in a hot kitchen everyday.
after reading the reviews
was getting married in a week
after a month of religious use i have closer to no breakouts anymore even my fiance
it's not a miracle worker
i found this on here
this alongside of my clarisonic mia has changed my skin
for anyone who's over the age of 20
i watched the movie on this product
worked miracles for me.
i love the container that this comes in
i recently moved climates
it isn't a miracle worker
i chose this bc i was told it could be used as a mask
it seriously saved my skin
he is also a real practicing dr
i trust his office with my face
i am a product junkie.
i am a mature lady who suffered acne all my life.
i recently went to vegas
so when i got home i applied dr
i am in my 30's
i am no exception.
on a recommendation from a friend i tried this
i got its mini version
i am dead serious about that statement.
i tried this out in chicago winter
even when i traveled to different climates
:( oh well a girl can dream
i did the math
i started obsessing over skincare after having my daughter
when i found out the price i said good lord
i went to esthetician school when i was younger
i'd always go back to this amazing cream when browsing the site
which to me was a miracle
this product is a keeper!
had even made an appointment with my dermatologist when a lady at the sephora counter gave me a sample of this cream
bought me a jar himself
all my friends/family
and the sample jars lasted me forever!
i just can't justify it at 23 years old.
i used it religiously
though i slept too little
drank too much on that trip
at first i had sticker shock
even my 4 yr old son comments on how good mommy's face smells
of cream because i believed
after trying many different 'department store' br
this is one of my favorite
ok, i am old, in my 60s with beautiful dry skin.
my husband loves to feel my face!
even the cashier at my local store i go to on a weekly basis noticed my skin
i jokingly told my daughter it was probably $100 an ounce
i know where my yearly christmas sephora gift card is being spent on this year
i am a big fan of dior skin care
my one complaint is the price--holy schneikies
thank goodness for the vib holiday coupon!
for starters i am a skin care junkie.
honestly, the minute i stray i regret.
i never paid much attention to dior because i wasn't a fan in the fashion arena
i pickup the wrong product.
the girl told me that i would be addicted
it is dior after all
i look like i'm in my mid twenties
i am quite skeptical when it comes to "miracle worker" type products
the lady at sephora told me that this would work wonders on my skin
again, i was skeptical.
my wife told me my skin looked brighter
an absolute miracle worker
bought a bottle for my mother also
she says she noticed someone her wrinkle disappear
for this as a birthday gift :
my dad has always had skin problems.
what's in this bottle is magic
i am a product junkie
never happened in my lifetime
this one has to be my favorite
the title captures my thoughts.
i hit the jackpot!
which another reviewer mentioned
she said it was their topselling product after dr
my 61-year old mom also uses it
the lady there told me i had beautiful skin
it is my favorite!
my sister had this in her bathroom
this is one i am sticking with
as a black american woman in my early 30's
i am hooked on this.
i tried this on a whim
even the girls in sephora hadn't heard too much about it
my first miracle product ever.
this is my favorite by far
i am on my second tube
it wakes me up
i took 1 star away from my rating
15 min later my friend could see
i read a quick beauty review in a magazine
think my friends are each getting one for birthdays or christmas
i am 63 yrs old
genetic for me unfortunately
after reading the reviews i decided to try it
'm a bit of a pro in this arena
i read the claims it has
my face feels like a babys butt!
this product was a god-sent
the jury is still out on this.
wei led me to this one and i love it.
i received a gift card for my birthday earlier this year for sephora
thought i would try a drug store br
a sephora employee recommended it to me
this is by far my favorite
face when an associate introduced me to this
a sephora employee recommended this to me
this is the holy grail for me
i also got a surprise compliment from the girl who threads my eyebrows
my mother is my toughest critic
an older girl helps me every time
which is a huge pet peeve of mine
a clerk recommended this for me
i am a huge fan of the cc cream too.
i heard this product from one of my friend
my only complaint is i wish this had spf in it
i tried the peter roth thomas line as it was suggested to me by the associate in sephora
at 50 i was really showing the results of my florida sunexposure
at first i thought "hm
omg my skin has never been
even the facialist was amazed
my boyfriend has been using it as well
even my boyfriend is asking for me to pick up more
on my birthday i went to sephora
this was suggested at sephora
evening- i feel as if my skin is glowing- ive told all my gf's bout it ti
i told that to the lady at sephora
thank you to the person whose review mentioned how to open this
ive been using it day
the old products stopped working
i are not friends
it is not a miracle worker
i learned this from my derm
i am loving this new product from dr perricone.
i saw the white mask of the same br
after reading the info pictograph on what each mask does
this is my favorite and most loyal face mask.
then i read the directions
as the title says
i went on a dream trip
knew i would be eating
the pictures prove it... i never looked hungover!
that alone is ..shocking!
ard weekly must for me
youthmud is by far my fave
everyone i've introduced it to is hooked.
i am in my early forties
decided to try out a sample of this mask after having it recommended to me by a friend of mine
one of my favorite masks!
i got the youth treatment by accident
holy cow this is amazing!
must read: i have always been the girl to read the bad reviews first
i received it as a gift from a friend last year.
i finally bought the full jar when i received my vib rouge coupon for the holiday
only con is the tree branch stuff in it
mother always said 'you have to suffer to be beautiful
i got this as part of the november play box .
when i told her i used this mask she said "well that's why
it's not a miracle worker
a friend brought one of their masks
i am a huge fan of the glamglow line.
bought this as a birthday present for myself
my boyfriend has even noticed the results
leave it baby soft
this stuff is the bomb!!!
all of those were drugstore-ish
at first i was very unimpressed by this
then i watched the videos on how to use this
dream come true in the a.m.
just bought my 2nd bottle.
just ordered this for my mom as a christmas gift
it is one of her favorite all time products
i've try all different br
my sister loves it, she uses it for a long time.
i recommended it to all my friends
my search is over
lives up to its claims
this opinion is my own
i can't quit looking at my skin
my co-workers have commented on my complexion
my opinions are 100% my own
i finally upgraded myself from shiseido products
finally the cellumination ex cream
my daughter insists that i don't need makeup with it
it's not a miracle worker
like many of my sephora tribe
we all know la mer sits happily at the top of every it list available
the turning point for me was actually my husband!
on his way home from a business trip to hong kong
he bought me a small jar of yojia cream
it was a happy jump to finally try the sk-ii cellumination
i can't quit looking at my skin
(yep i went there.)
put aside my ysl touche eclat foundation
to wrap up this missive
you have a lifelong customer on you h
as i mentioned before
this product is my inspiration.
thank you winter weather
i got tons of compliments on my skin
then this cellum cream ex
more than 10 yrs younger
went driving in my car
then i remembered it was sk ii.
w/in time of me using it
i got this cream @ an international duty free shop
i imagine this jar will last me a year.
(btw, i got this for free at an skii promotion)
the bottle puzzles me though
(though that makes my wallet sad.)
it had originally been recommended to me by a professional makeup artist as it was super-lightweight
she swore by it
this is my first time using this br
i always notice them in pictures
sk-ii had won me over
it was a leap of faith with a 100
i tried one product
when i found sk-ii i was starting to show some signs of my age
my thought when buying all of my sk-ii products was this
this is by far my favorite
i am true skin care product junkie.
since i was a pre teen
when my fiancé complimented me on how good my skin looked
i knew this product was a winner
this is definitely a keeper!
my daughter sensitive skin
my opinion is my own
i even received a compliment from a stranger.
first i love the story behind this company
more curious about this br
when i first saw the box i loved the sleek
like i was going to find a crown pearl
many of the other br
i am absolutely obsessed with this facial oil!
while at the store
thought i had found the best when i tried the nude clarifying cleansing oil
boy was i wrong
i got this cleansing oil as a gift from my mom.
what more can a woman in her early 40's ask for?
i shared a small amount with my mom to try
she fell in love
i told her what i was using
she is in her early 20s
this cream reminds me of the old school elizabeth arden night creams my mom used
which is not my favorite
can be left out on your vanity desk as decor
i am still in my mid twenties
opinion are my mine
is this product a miracle worker?
someone who considers herself a skin care junkie
this is my first experience with this br
i saw my mom for the first time in a month
i recently moved to desert dry arizona
i approached with the same skepticism i developed after thous
my first experience with this br
read reviews that sk is similar
this is one of my absolute favorites
i used so many different br
i also gave a jar to my mom for christmas
my mom loves this product!
i am just finishing my first jar
i am an eye cream junkie-on any occasion i have at least 3 in my dresser-this
she asked me to get it again for her eyes!
another sephora junkie in the making.
buying this for my mom for over 5 years
i am 32 years old
sorry- i typed my 1st review in a dark room
when it was br
i am a natural skeptic when it comes to beauty product claims
i am in my mid forties
this is one of my fav products for my face.
grew up in sunny california
worked outside most of my life
dark circles since i was a kid
my mom both use it- for my mom it's veryyyyyyy firming
girl.....its worth the hype.
burning sensation reported by many
following the birth of my daughter my pores have become bigger
though he experienced a fire-like burning sensation he reported that he "loves this stuff"
not from this br
my birthday is on sunday
after reading the reviews
consider me a new diehard fan!
girl i am shook
from my personal experience
it was a total accident.
i started to experience acne for the first time since i was a teen
i read up on this product
i canceled my subscription
no more blackheads u kno i ain't about that life girl
holy this is the best mask i have ever bought.
' s down my favorite
is my new favorite mask
thank you glamglow for transforming my skin routine
i convinced my boyfriend to give it a try
she suggested this mask
then i stumble upon a "holy grail" item like this
now its my favorite mask ever
i've seen such great results that my fiancé has started to use this product himself when i'm not home haha
this mask is the bomb
you're on the fence
so this is totally my holy grail item
i got to use this at a friend's house
this is seriously my holy grail.
t is not included in my star review
after hearing casey holmes talk about using this as a spot treatment
i jumped on the sephora app
i will say that the youth mud is actually my favorite mask from this br
i am a loyal customer.
i just put it on in a whim and holy cow.
omg this is the best product i ever bough so far.
this product has met all my expectations
i used this stuff for 2-3 wks on my chest/neck after seeing a friend get amazing results
my skin looks much younger than some 25-30 year olds
even my boyfriend tries to steal it from me
the sephora representative at the store was misinformed
loved the origins night a mins cream
i am in my early forties
she asked me my skin concerns
she put the information in the computer
bought this afer reading reviews and its great.1.
i love this origins line in general.
it is a miracle worker.
this stuff is the answer to my day cream prayers!
until i found this gem!
i did buy mine at an origins store because the sephora was crowded
in the mall i go to there is an origins a couple hundred feet away upstairs
i'll admit: i'm an origins girl at heart.
i found this one
my husband loves this product to keep oil at bay.
one of my friends who is a beauty/makeup expert recommended that i try this as a barrier
let me start this review off by saying that i am a woman
already on my 2nd bottle!
praise the stars for him!
i know i am a female.
for the working man to the party girl
this being for men only
i guess i have found out the mans best kept secret
indulge in a mans world
this product is truly a miracle worker
i decided to get this sample as a 100 point beauty insider perk
i know this is a product for men
mostly misses as a br
she said it was amazing it worked for her hair
my sister introduced me to this product
my sister in law gave me this as a birthday gift
i love wearing it by itself
boy, am i glad i did!
boy was i wrong!
love applying this before i apply my foundation.
i first bought this based on the great reviews back in january
i am 26 years old
i work in the post office
i work in a restaurant/bar
my sister gave me her small sized bottle of this
as if i'm done up for a wedding that i'm a bridesmaid in
even though the bottle was half used by my sister
i love using this oil after i done a mini facial at home
i am obsessed with this oil
it is just a miracle worker
my body sends me a signal with one r
my hubby even started to use it too.
i started using this oil after my sister-in-law an esthetician had bought some for herself
needless to say id rather not spend $50 on facebook
pass it on to a good friend for her to try
oils are my new best friend
it like a drink from the fountain of youth.
my mom and grandma use it as well.
i order this product for my mother
which she happily credits to her clinique regimen
she showed me several
i tried other br
an employee recommended it to me
this product saved my skin.
havnt tried the rose one may be next time as rose is my fave smell
otherwise id never have discovered it
never been hooked for life
and boy was that a mistake.
my sister uses this as well
complete strangers have told me i look like i'm 22
i am big fresh fan
i switched over from my philosophy miracle worker to fresh lotus youth preserve
2nd year using it
fun fact: my fiancé has even noticed a difference
he always tries to pet my face
it was my first time using this br
i give this 5 stars!
i am in my late twenties
a must have in my skin care regiment.
boy was i amazed by the results
hence i took one star
especially on 70 year old skin
i am a big fan of the resurgance skin care regime by murad
eugenia at the west town mall sephora
my mother who is 63 uses the same serum
because of my irrepressible joy in life
or my irrepressible politeness
i tried it out on my newfound baby crow's feet
would have a heart attack
i read about this in a number of beauty blogs
so i am a complete product junkie!
i learned a lesson so follow the directions
bought this after seeing a magazine ad
they aged me terribly
easily my favorite out of all of the miracle worker products
i feel the miracle worker eye repair cream has taken a few years off my appearance
like i'd actually slept enough
which i hadn't thanks to kids
ed to the rested look
i am still in shock.
i recently started residency
people constantly think that i'm in my mid twenties
i love that it is in a pump bottle
have been addicted ever since
i am in my late twenties
i will begin by stating that i am a sun worshiper
am guilty of years of tanning booth use
i just finished using my first bottle of miracle worker
s since i remember
inherited from my mom
im only 16 years old
miracle worker is even better
the sephora girl told me they have changed their ingredients
it was recommended by one of the cast members for me
i rushed to sephora to buy it
i would recommend for everyone ages 30+
i love "miracle worker"!
i feel 10 years younger because i look 10 years younger
i read some reviews
talked to the girls at sephora
i am still shocked!
asked the lady about a product
from the body shop
she just told me to wait
i found this product after my appointment with her
when i was in high school
i started using this in late december
i am a college student
i've found this to be true with other kate somerville product i've tried
i tried so many other br
i wish i could be the poster child for this lol.
when i was younger
after noticing no improvements the salesgirl at sephora recommended this
boy am i glad she did!
talked to one of the associates there
she swore by this product.
give that lady a hug
that is why i titled my review "interesting."
i've had friends complimenting me on the improvement of my skin
a very knowledgeable lady at the sephora store pointed me in this direction
keep in mind i am currently located in qatar
hottest place on the planet
i wish i took a photo of my face before i started using this
already i have family members coming up to me
my freshman year of college i was put on accutane
so this is where kate comes in.
after pictures for encouragement along the way
luckily i already had instilled the habit
she raved about how well it worked for her
he thought i looked younger
after about a month my skin was baby soft
i tried this after speaking to a sephora rep.
now that i am 32 with two kids
i look younger than my age
just wish the bottle/tube was bigger.
i wish i took a before
during my teenage years i had picture perfect skin
so am not a newbie
i know there is not a miracle cream for the fountain of youth
i am 26 years old
my 50 year old mother had better skin than me
this purchase was very wallet friendly
will remember its youth
i started using kate sommerville last spring
the reason i got this is my cousin
kate somerville happen to be friends
he had a pile of her products that she gave his wife-
when i wrote my last review
that's beside the point
i recommend this for any girl in her 30's who wants to fight the aging process
i followed another reviewer's instructions
was upset i spent so much money
i followed the instructions
after reading other posters who swore that moisturizing just before made a huge difference
i got this a smaple recently
only reason i docked it a star is the $
this is the bomb.
i fell in love.
this is my favorite
my mother has pretty large pores herself
i am in heaven with my skin
this was recommended to me by a friend.
this one was recommended to me through the sephora skin id
i even had friends
may not be good in the hath winter
i feel that at my age
one of the awesome sephora girls introduced me to it
then a sephora rep suggested this
this one is by far my favorite
even more so than when i was a teenager
never leave the apartment without it
i am ordering it now
45 yr old here and my eyes are puffy.
i got this because i started wearing a bb cream
though i am on a controlled student budget
or old school mary kay stuff because my skin has been used to it since high school
my hubby after a week
has worked miracles on my skin
i've finally found my hg!
i asked for recommendation in the store
the sales person showed me this item
people are commenting on my skin
another staple in my beauty routine
i've had enlarged pores since elementary school
was skeptical of this product when the nice man at sephora recommended it to me
i am the person that tries everything
i am almost 46 years old
my sister saw me
eye bags since my twenties
i know i will never get my 18 year old youthful skin back
my doctor informed me that they are genetic
see ya later dark circles!
i would recommend this to friends.
this product was recommended to me by a sephora makeup artist for my dark circles
i would recomend this to a friend.
side sleeper my whole life
it hasn't been the miracle worker i'd hoped for
bags since i was a little girl… am swedish
it is absolutely the best thing this baggy-eyed girl has ever used
i pat it on every a.m.
even old-school "kitchen sink" remedies-this is the winner
with the all nighters
terrible food i consumed it was taking a toll on my skin
have only made 2 of my friends buy it
probably just about every br
last thing it is vegan and cruelty free.
i described my problems to the associate
i am on my 3rd bottle.
had read about on another site
sent it to my boyfriend while he was at work to show him how insane it was
a rep from the line was in store
the sales lady said that when she wants to treat herself she buys this
don't remember the name
the rest of my skincare line is all drunk elephant
none met my expectations
i originally bought this as part of a tarte bag
this cream has lived up to the hype!
ive been applying it morning
i've learned my lesson--if it isn't broken
as i approached my 30s
this was recommended to me by my sister in law
decided to use it on a whim
flaky around my kids
s i have tried
i decided to get this after jamie genevieve from youtube said it was amazing
i recently bought my second jar
i am surprisingly on my second jar.
a friend recommended this product
i recommended it to my mother actually
got her some for mother's day
she is in her 60s
when i would use other br
i saw this mentioned briefly on instagram by a blogger i liked
im onto my second bottle
would recommend it a friend.
'm re-writing this
i sought out help from a doctor
it was a life saver!
pow the zit was gone the next morning
my mom is the one who introduced me to it
i've turned a few girlfriends on to it as well.
as a person who can't st
this product has saved my life.
wonderful for a woman in her early 30's.
i found i have not had a lot of luck with this br
rushing to the store to buy this miracle worker.
by my tv chair
sometimes on the kids.
absolutely saved my skin
one of my coworkers told me she uses it for her tattoos to heal it since shes allergic to a
my hairdresser said my ends look better!!!
i swore this product off even though josie maran's products are 3 of my holy grails
i can't get enough of her br
i ordered a kit with a bunch of her products in mini
i keep it in my purse
i like this in my handbag for a quick all around.
i recently bought this after watching jaclyn hill's skincare routine because she said she has super sensitive skin
first- i am a guy
a girl could use this everywhere
this one from josie maran
in my desk, purse, kitchen, bedside.
it's heaven sent for my dry skin.
i live in ma and the winter of 2015 was intense.
this saved my skin
its lasted me all of june
having read the reviews
i just purchased my second jar
the drunk elephant line is what i was using
im into my second bottle
i am in love with this revamped
dry climate of the city where i live
busy with your school/work
when visiting the dior counter
the consultant was my age
her skin was amazing
i am 62 years old.
being the mom of a special needs child i don't have much time for me
i am a big fan of clinique
actually happened to find this cream in my moms drawer
am not a faithful br
i am in my mid-thirties
f you are around my age
this is my second fav eye treatment.
my dermatologist wanted to know which of her office peels i was using
i hated to break it to her
i actually bought this for my mom.
alas, clinique to the rescue!
my eyes show when i've dined out
sorry for the ramble, giving background info.
then friday the receptionist at my therapist's office asked my age
i told her i am 36 and she was shocked.
she said she thought i was in my 20s based on my skin
this product is queen
this has been my saving grace
i wake up glory
finally found this sample in my moms cabinet
sorry for the rant
i am turning into a big fan of clinique!
this one is my favorite
me and this mask... we're friends.
i am a big fan of this mask.
it sat in my drawer forever
after reading reviews i got this.
a lady at sephora recommended this product to me
i've had my tube since december
i asked for it for xmas
got it in my christmas stocking
i learned more here, from the q&a section!
dinner for 25 of our nearest
it lives up to the "surge"
my hubby also enjoys it!
after reading the reviews
i joined this site to read reviews
on top of our super dry apartment
it was like my skin was drinking it all in!
look like a disney princess without a single flaw
everything i heard was correct
i've never been a huge clinique fan
my husband is also a fan.
my husband noticed it!
while having it on i felt as if i am having spa facial
this is one of my favorite masks.
i am a self professed mask lover
im only 23 years old
i even got my mom loving the product
i've got my mom hooked too
this is the first time i've written a review here
i think is a keeper
friends say my face looks like porcelain.
i am a mask freak!
i decided to treat myself to the 8 pack
i leave it on for about 30 mins
please please please follow instructions
i decided to purchase this item after attending a skincare class at my local sephora
i've had my set since october
i think i've found my new favourite mask
after being very ill for almost a year my skin was a wreck
boy did it ever
i plan to tell my mom
sister to use the mask as well
personally i use one cup twice.
i recently helped my 12 year old daughter apply the mask to some of her problem areas
her results were out of this world
to share some "grown-up" treatments with my daughter
one cup lasted me 3 applications.
i am a bit of a mask addict
i suggest all my friends to buy it
i tried this one recently which was gentle
i am always on the hunt for masks
i fell in love.
although i've tried other br
i wish i would've discovered it sooner
would give a five star if product were vegan
i really loved the old boscia overnight moisture
am nearing my forties
i wish i had this for my entire body
i gave it to a friend
i am a huge algenist fan
definitely recommended it to all my friends!
i am a diehard hope in a jar user
this is another winner
givenchy's vaxin for youth is a mainstay for me
i am a fan of the boscia line.
another win for the br
i live in fear it will be discontinued lol
i wear it on the boat
i am a student who's on the go in the city.
i am done searching
just discovered this one with spf 30
this one was suggested to me at the sephora store
rec'd the recommendation for this product from belle
i am a huge fan of face oils
after reading the claims i ordered
i know this comes in a tiny bottle
loved it so much i reordered again in july
and this by far is my favorite to date.
definitely holy grail status for me
one of the nars people recommended this to me
then i came to syracuse where it snows a lot
i am a huge nars fan to begin with
lives up to all the claims
lesson learned, not straying from nars!
my boyfriend says my face looks like an oil slick
i just quit smoking
will be a fan for life
so try introducing anything new to it without sacrificing a baby camel in its honor
i just purchased my second jar
i got this after a consultation with a nars artist
this baby works wonders!
narsskin has been a life saver for my skin.
this is my favorite mask of all time.
i am instantly relieved
after a 3hr flight walked into a dept store just to browse
is baby bum soft
leave it for 2-3 mins
this lives up to its description and then some.
i just got it this one time as a "pampering product" since i've just had a baby
busy body person that i am
i came across pics of my skin when it was glowing
i am please to report that my skin is back on track
i am def keeping this forever!
i can honestly say since ive started using this my face hasnt aged
i got this in august and i love it.
started faithfully using this stuff in november
a lady introduced me this one
the weirdest combo ever
which works for him
this is my favorite oil!
it reminds me of my mother's rose garden early in spring
was eying sunday riley
live in south florida
this was recommended to me by one of the employee's
too faced born this way
i am left with flawless results
a family member brought this for me because i have combination skin
boy was i ever wrong!
can't remember the name
then i went into sephora in december
i strolled around the store shopping
simply amazing... mic drop :)
coming from a josie maran argan oil fanatic
i returned my luna gift set
boy was i wrong
every skis issue ever i have had.
this oil is a miracle worker!
i am a former skin
i keep a bottel of tsubaki oil on my desk
my friend used it
this product was recommended to me by a fellow beauty junkie
the plantscription line is my favorite.
i give this 10 stars!
now am with this one by origins
as i got into my forties
this was the answer!
i only gave it 4 stars as my only complaint is
you'll wish for death!
've used chanel all my adult life
swore i would never change
i also live in nyc and the winter is brutal.
they haven't felt that way since i lived in florida
i am in love with this baby
after i try this baby i seriously love this baby more
my girlfriend had me try some of this from a sample she had
this really felt like it repaired my alligator h
i am thinking about purchasing the face mask
this is my absolute favorite
15 mins is a safe number for me
i love that it is a pump bottle.
i believe this was the culprit
coworkers began complimenting my skin
as the title says.
living in wi i can say my skin definitely suffers during the winter months
i read the reviews
this one is definitely a keeper
when i read the reviewer before me stating she puts this on first
i cannot wear it around my boyfriend because he complains about the "tea" smell all night
it has pampered me well
my 9-year old son is using it
even my husband said the same thing.
this is a great finisher
because the old bottle had different language
i got introduced to this oil by purchasing a holiday duo with my fave truth serum
i recently purchased this with the ole henriksen "nurture me" face cream for my dry
if anyone knows sonya dakkar she is a facialist to many hollywood actresses
my foundation/bb cream sets like a dream
and i even got one as a gift for my mom as well.
i decided to try this recently
i recommend it to all my family
one of my absolute favorites.
my sisters got me a ole henriksen skincare set for christmas
especially living in chicago
i live in a town with terribly hard water
i became very fascinated with the idea of using oil on my skin
i am in my 50's
live in colorado where it is so dry
bright duo which hello is an amazing deal
the duo is $24 for
ever in my wildest dreams thought i would use
love an oil on my face
i am a believer now
i once heard oil cuts oil
i am 51 years old
i uploaded a picture that was taken at my daughters wedding on 3 weeks ago
i am the woman on the right.
my mom had ordered this online
i decided to try it with her
was using philosophy miracle worker
i asked a dear friend of mine
who is a makeup artist
this was "devastating" to me
had this verified by my dear friend
i live with that
i am 57 years old
a sales person in another store tried it on me one day
my mom taught us to take care of our skin around 18 on
e it to me heritage
i take frequent photos of myself in different styles
in my last pic
i am now a converted fan of this product
i received this as a birthday gift from some friends
i tried a sample in a magazine and loved this.
i happened to be looking at a new magazine that i received
i recently received the new version of this product from sephora as a gift because i had a bad experience with the old version
used it when i was at the hospital the day after i had my baby girl
did our baby photos
especially for literally just having a baby
i just added this to my cart
this one is my favorite yet
approached by a representative of dr
i swear by this one
*31 year old woman- medium to light skin tone
i am no longer embarassed to be seen without makeup
the sales girl at sephora recommended this serum to me
i press it on to my skin
my aunt gave me this because she got the full size
so my lady who does my facials said to get this!
family were harassing me asking me what i was using on my face
when i saw the show where dr
against my better judgment
spent my teen years basking in the florida sun
my skin had been looking old
i am a loyal perricone devotee
i am a man who really wants to stay younger looking
no more mens lines for me
5 stars in my opinion!
my daughter really likes it
this one is to die for
i used it while i was at a music festival
i am becoming a huge fan!
i became obsessed immediately
my opinion in 100% my own
my opinion is my own
the night owl in me couldn't help
just wakes me up
am very sleep deprived
this instantly makes me look alive and alert.
i've tried almost every br
this is by far my fav
this one is my absolute favorite
i am on my 2nd bottle.
my younger sister was dissatisfied with her foundation
pooh-poohed me when i told her to just get this
she bought some other foundation
she admitted to me that she loves this
this is my favorite
i used this primer 2 weeks ago to go out to a gig in hollywood
by far this is my favorite
this is now a holy grail item for me.
by the end of my family christmas party
to me, it was a random choice too.
finished it in the middle of june
my favorite had been smashbox
i am hoping to continue singing their praises as time goes by
a young girl working at my local sephora mentioned i should try algenist primer
since i am 42 yrs old
i am 24-years old
i just put it on in a whim and holy cow.
a friend of mine who is a lancome rep suggested the renergie line when my botox starts to wear off
i am in the 18-24 category
i am in the military
until a friend gave me a sample of this baby
including the marionette lines that i hate
if algenist ever discontinues this i will be inconsolable
after 4m my friends started noticing.
i got this as a reward
even my boyfriend mentions on how soft
i got this product as a sample one day when redeemed my beauty insider points
i fell in love
algenist is not the br
after my child was born i have blackheads
i am also using the alienist eye
i suspect using both in t
i am a male late 20s
this one i a keeper!
i am a product junkie
i am approaching my 30's
i am in my 50's
this one is my favorite
now my mom is starting to use it too
for those in my age group
i am almost in my mid forties
this one is a keeper
yes you used 19 bottles of this
scraping together the cash---i'm a "starving artist"
intense appreciation for the geniuses at algenist
i gave the rest of my old algenist serum bottle to a friend
written because i am amazed by this serum
1st time in my life
i live in sunny southern arizona where the weather is very dry
like most women my age who have been
actually ages my eyes
for my 45th birthday
i tried the 10 day trial pack, and i am sold.
boy was i wrong
even made a comment that my skin was glowing like when i was pregnant with our sons
this is one of my favorites
this one was recommended to me
i wake up with baby skin
but his one is a holy grail for me.
which is in the name haha
one curious thing is that this product's claim to fame is the greek yoghurt
this is probably my #1 favorite product i have in my home
i am a huge fan of the original formulation before korres was bought
it was the worst when johnson
the girl at sephora recommended it 100%
i slept in it and my skin thanked me for it.
this sleeping mask is a miracle worker
korres has quickly become one of my favorite br
surprise surprise my skin went nuts
boy did i find one
i keep it in the refrigerator
it took me a few nights to really become a fan
stay beautiful, ladies (and gentleman)!
that's my only complaint
after moving to minneapolis my skin became very dry
since i wanted to get to bed
just purchased yesterday..heard great things.
i woke up with the prettiest skin ever
it reminds me of a nursing home
until i read the "glowing" reviews here
this clarin's oil was recommended by a friend.
this product was used on my skin when i had a facial at pro sports club in bellvue
i asked what she was using and she told me.
i originally received this oil as a sample when i went into a clarins store in paris last april
i discovered lotus oil 3 years ago
my esthetician gave me my sample on the way out of an appointment as something fun to try
the sephora attendant grabbed me by the h
and i ended up loving it!
he immediatly had me try the clarins lotus face oil
this year in a trip to russia i decided to try this oil
as i got older
thank you, sephora, for carrying it!
this one gets 50 gold stars!!
after a full day of teaching 8th graders
when i was a teenager my skin was quite oily.
about two months ago i was cornered by a clarins rep in a sephora in west palm beach
he took one look at my sin
when i was approached by a team member about if i had any questions
she suggested this product
my husband commented yesterday on my skin.
after 10 years, he's never commented on my skin.
this review is based on my 65 year old mother's experience
this is my go-to birthday
mother's day gift for my mom because she absolutely loves this cream
she gets compliments all the time about her skin
when i moved to chicago
the sephora staff introduced me to shiseido.
my favorite for day
t works for me instead of foundation
it works amazing which is why i am on my 3rd jar
a previous reviewer hated the smell at bedtime.
i am 41 years old
my boyfriend along with my sister
this is one of dr perricone product that works for me
i am a converted believer.
i live in the desert
i am 44 years old
even at my age
i am 50 years old
that's no small feat at my age
i am fair and live in a dry climate.
thumbs up in my book.
i recently had the wonderful opportunity to talk with a sales rep from perricone md in my local sephora store
have recommended to many friends!
my boy friend said my face is shining after used it
if i lived in warmer climates
this is my favorite
live a stressful polluted nyc life this has made a huge difference
lost it now, thank god...) and holy ishhh.
just got the bottle for christmas
i got my mom to try it
now a holy grail for her too.
my aunt really love this product
my skin feels amazing after just a coupe of days of usage
i am 33 yrs old
i took accutane during my freshman year of high school
hopefully i get a gift card for christmas
in fact i was out for a drink
when the 20-something male waiter came back he was stunned that i was born in 1976
even brought the female bartender into it who was just as surprised
thanks guys for laughing at the year of my birth
my skin feels like a newborn baby
i started using this right before a class reunion
my skin hasn't looked this good since my teenage years
my friends have told me i look younger
mother giving my mom
i the lancome boxes every christmas
was wowed into buying it
this stuff is heaven sent.
told that i look 10 years younger
my daughter talked me into trying genefique
i live pacific northwest area
i sometimes wish i had never received a free sample of this indulgent serum before my wedding
radiance！ love this！ will buy again！i am 24 years old
coworkers were complimenting me on my glowing skin
my student's mom highly recommend this product to me
my student's mom is true believer for this product
i am working my way into the 3rd 1
pictures i took with some girlfriends revealed my eyes st
once again i'm in love with another tata harper product
i know that tata harper created a new bottle for this oil on her website
living in canada i was struggling what to use
my mother uses it both day
i wish it had a dropper instead
i am a newly obsessed fan of tata harper.
didn't look or feel dead post-flight
she even asked for the brand name!
i am a mask addict, and this is one of my faves!
a tata harper representative told me to get this
of course she would suggest her own br
lovely after the first use
i read the reviews before i tried the product
i am 47 years old
it got so bad i seriously googled the words "skin transplant"
i wish i wasnt a broke girl or i would get the full size
when i turned 25 a year ago i started a loooooong journey of quality skincare
i've always been a fan of makeup
am now worried about crow's feet
i just had to repurchase some of my sunday riley products
i've tried every product ok her line
i am a mask junkie and this is one of my faves.
i remember reading online about someone saying it helped with their acne
my skin was gross
i just purchased my second jar for myself
i woke up with prettier
talk about baby smooth.
a you tuber mentioned sleeping with it on overnight
even my sister in law tried it out
purchasing the jar for myself soon
after checking out tata harper's website
this is the winner
oh my mother goodness!!!
i am out of town now
muttering about it being my preciousssss once i am home
i decided to buy this one after i watched an ecobeauty youtuber
she raved about it
my bf commented that my face immediately brightened
i got this recommendation from a sephora employee
noticed a difference in my face immediatly
this product made my face feel like i treated myself at the spa
like the title of my review says
i'd recommend this to all my friends
however that was in january 2016
the choice is yours
ever since i started using the sunday riley ufo oil
had to stop using all of my prescriptions with my pregnancy
i chose this br
i am telling you i use most of her line.
my 15 year old daughter who struggles with dry skin said this is the best she's ever used
she is in her 50's
my dogs hate it
my mother also likes the way her skin looks after using this
a salesperson recommended this to me
i first thought this br
you use the littlest product
here's my list of pros and cons
tata harper is becoming a close second
this product has saved my life
this refreshes my fave
i saw it as a recommendation from a youtuber
ca where i received a 15 minute consultation with her
i heard this wasn't the case with tata
after i read about how they scratch your skin in medical school
it has been showcased in a few of her videos
my friend said my skin looked great
story behind the br
i just have to say that tata harper has the worse packaging ever
a make up artist on instagram recommended it
what a lovely surprise to be greeted with such outst
i would recommend this to women
he has to get his own bottle because this is mine mine mine
i am so happy i finally purchased this cleanser during the friends
i didnt see it on sephora's page
another winner from tata harper...
my skin has been a disaster.
i did buy the glass bottle
she even asked for the br
just as every other product tata has
the beatifying oil at night
at my 33 years old i have a beautiful skin again
however everything of hers that i've tried
i just ordered more
my mom uses it every day
i read about this one
as a college student i often am up late studying or up early to go to class
also suffering from a traumatic breakup that has left me crying every night for weeks
i keep this in the fridge
which all the women in my family have
got my mom one for mother's day
the artist at the mac store could not even make them dissappear
purchased it as a gift for my mom
mission accomplished, my friends.
i also keep mine in the refrigerator
not normally a review writer
love it for 54 yr old skin of mine❤️
plus the girl at sephora really helped me out cause i was clueless ha
the sephora at rockaway mall, nj ;).
this is one of my favorites
i tried this at the suggestion of a rep of the store
i started using this in july
i gave some alguronic algenist product to my mother-in-law one christmas
this is my absolute favorite
my mother has dry skin
i need to send her a bottle of this.
compliments from my friends about my skin
this bad boy goes to work
i've had my bottle forever
i agree with the above reviewer that said she never met an algenist product she didn't like
i am an oil snob
even my mother complimented my face
my husband and i have different skin type.
what a beautiful waking surprise
i've gone through several br
you got a customer for life!
the sales lady from sephora recommend this to me
best $99 i have ever spent.
i am a beauty junkie
this is by far my favorite
i feel like it lives up to its claims.
the only reason i gave 4 stars
i tried this algenist oil
asked my confused and sleepy boyfriend.
my friend said that i was "glowing"
if she didn't know better she'd say i was pregnant
this has been nothing short of a miracle worker for me
i picked up the 100-point sample of this thinking my aunt might like to try it
that while i was on holiday in miami
passed this along to my 50 year old mother who have very dry skin
i got the generous
as a young woman i had oily skin
i reluctantly purchased this after having it recommended by a sephora employee
this is my favorite product
ive inly been using it for 4 nights
my teenage daughter commented on how great my skin looked after less than a week using this product
she's never remarked on my appearance before lol
this is my favorite oil!
i tried the nude oil
decided on this because at my age
going to get some for my mom
this is one of my all time favorites.
i stared at her with a ??
my boyfriend even notices
after reading so many positve reviews on algenist
bought the anti-age oil
i heard about breakouts
i spoke with one of the experts
a facial oil that was a different story
using it is my favorite part of my skin care routine
my new fave product.
i truly believe this bottle helped me staying younger as age 43
this is the bomb
my mom swears by this and i'm hooked as well!
grew up in the sun of socal
a friend gave me an estee gift with purchase she wasn't going to use
happy girl here and worth the money ✌️
even though i'm in the youngest age demographic for use
as well as my mom all use this religiously
a must for every woman to have!
a coworker of mine recommended this product to be
boy am i glad i listened
i took another persons review
i musing it for 3 yrs now.
that's because i found my holy grail so early into my journey
has amazing skin for a 50+ year old
my mom has very dry
after i started using this br
all the women in my family use it now!
this is for every person man or women
i noticed when i used this on the plane
i live in a major city
routinely have strangers stop
my pregnant friend started getting contractions while at the mall to buy more of this stuff
didn't leave for the hospital until after she bought more haha
already see sings of it
i am just finishing with my trial bottle
a friend of mine recommended this night repair serum
i am a makeup artist skin enthusiast
my barista asked me how i was
i can't wait to have the radiant skin i did when i was a teenager
i've read couple comments say
read my story pleasei'm from méxico
sorry for my english
my friend recommended this
bye bye fine lines
its name says "perfectionist" and it truly is!
friends call me a vampire
she is already on her third bottle
it is rare for her to rave about a product
swears by estée lauder so the first time i ever thought about anti-aging products
'm a stickler when it comes to writing reviews
i noticed changes almost immediatly.
i love what's inside that bottle
a friend suggested that i try this.
i guess i am an older woman now so here i am
when i recently saw a friend from college she said i hadn't aged a day since college
i moved to atlanta from the caribbean 7 years ago
i am a 35 year old mother of three
people still say i look 24yr
i stumbled upon this product online
my mum has been using this for about a year
i am almost done my first container
purchased in early december
the women in my family have always been estee lauder fans
i should have listened
this one is my all-time favorite
i will give 4.5 stars!
i am an el girl for life now
this was my first estée lauder that i perchase.
this is actually my 3rd jar
at my last visit to the dermatologist
stuck with my trusted br
swears by the br
i even recommended it to my mom :)
my mother in law gave me an estée lauder kit a while ago complete with the mascara
i am not getting old, just my skin.
until i got old
my sister had this
i always bought anothe br
i will recommend this creme to all my friends
i am 27 years old with laugh lines
i am an estée lauder believer.
i hated touching it.
it was then my friend told me use an oil!
she is a flight attendant
it is irreplaceable in my life
my first purchase was from a different br
my mother uses it
even my boyfriend has seen a difference
was born with them
decided it was the first step before a plastic surgeon visit
my eyes were 100 times a worst i nearly died
as i have aged i have started getting bags
not a fan of the bottle
i am 39 years old
i read the other reviews
i got it for my mom.. and my mom loves it!
this item is one of my favorites
the online consultant at estee recommenced this for my combo skin
got this in a gift box
i've had gorgeous skin since i started using this
lucky teen never had a pimple until i was 25
it has aged it quite a bit
when i began using this i hated it.
am on the depo shot
it works wondered with the clarisonic
i am a huge estee lauder fan
i also loved that this soap lasts a long time.
i think i've found my new addiction
i've got this for my mom.
i am in my teens
never found that "holy grail" product that worked wonders on my skin until i found this
one of the women helped me pick a regimen.
which was a huge fear of mine
feels like a baby bum
this lives up to the hype.
my fiancé is the one that introduced me to argan oil
omg i was in love :
i got blonde highlights in my hair
i even got my husband using it.
it has worked miracles!
i forgot i had it until recently when i had a bad reaction to some skincare products
after reading reviews i went for it
my foundation applied like a dream
now in my 30ies it has changed for normal
recommending to my dry-skinned friends
i even have gotten my boyfriend to use it on his beard
i tried the oil from the same br
out of the back of my medicine cabinet
it was like a miracle
yo girl isn't made of money
did accutane last year
josie maran products are my favorite.
my sister had me try this
omg it is the bomb
this is seriously my holy grail.
last year at urgent care the md walk in
told me i didn't look my age
i used a hotel bar soap
i recommended this to my entire family
i recently was bad
this was recommended to me by a sephora advisor.
this product was recommended by the lady at sephora
i am originally from a tropical country which is very humid
i discovered ren about a year ago
this bioretinoid left me speechless :-
i am 28 years old
i've gifted this to my sister and mother.
i am 30 years old
i recently discovered ren
this is the first time ive ever tried miscellar cleansing water
anytime i try another br
when i went to the sephora in santa barabra which was a horrible experience
the lady who was the "expert" on caudalie products said " thiiis isss whaaat we hhhhhhhhave
this is one of my favorite caudalie items by far
when i first heard of micellar water
removed foundation like a champ
i will be checking other br
a sephora employee recommended i give this one a shot
i discovered bioderma during my trip to paris
this is the only br
decided to give the caudalie br
it was recommended to me
i am a huge fan!
when i slept in it
this mask saved my life
i remembered this little gem
i received a sample of this at the union square fresh store in san francisco
thanks the lord i did
just went on a 4-day bachelorette party trip from west coast to southeast
when i first heard the price of this mask i thought: seriously????
this mask is a mere miracle worker!
i scoffed when i was informed about the price of this mask
a friend who had touched my face to say hello in ps
i mixed my own honey mask for a while at home
until i found this gem
i've only previously dabbled in drug store
im crossing my fingers that it doesn't stop working
being a pretty low-maintenance girl
im using it for years!its the best
i got this for my boyfriend who had extremely dry skin
i fell in love
very budget friend to boot.
firstly i taught that my skin burning
i taught i am going to sue someone firstly
im already on my 2nd container of this.
i got my mom hooked on this also for her dry skin
i've never heard any mua on youtube talk about this product
it is my favorite
when i got it as a gift in a little tube from clinique
despite it's horrific appearance
i don't what kind of witchcraft is in this product
my roommate used this
definitely a must have starting november!
after i ordered this i began reading the reviews
since i was in my early twenties
i am now in my forties
this one is the king
it is my favorite.
i am in my late twenties
dark circles im guessing
i already bought my 2nd tube
when i accidentally forget
except when i was 21
i am a huge fan of the shiseido line of skincare
this is an anazing eye creame for younger ages
as a mom of two i needed it
works for me in summers
someone in a orevious post mentioned "glitter"
.at least not since childhood.
i am on my 2nd bottle
the store i went to didn't supply it
the lady who helped me showed me shiseido
gf let me know that "shiseido was just on another level
i am obsessed with this line.
i am also a mom to a toddler
is a hard claim to conquer
the worker suggested this product
every application feels like i just had a spa day
originally bought it for my boyfriend
i told him what it was and we giggled.
i find that this br
i prefer to go with other br
my sister introduced me to it
i tried to switch to different br
i am 42 years old
more dry as i've aged
this is by far my favorite!
that woman is a life-savior
it seriously has saved my skin.
i feel i've served my time
by golly, i've earned it!
i exchanged my ole henriksen sheer transformation for this-
incredibly dry despite me adoring a sample of it i received months earlier
this one is now my fav
i got my best friend to get it also .
this is my new skin care obsession
as my boyfriend has used it
i will sing the praises of this line high
it's changed my life
.at least not since childhood.
even aquaphor as suggested by friends
am giving it 5 stars
loved the light weight of that
i wish this one had an spf.
my mom bought this product
i absolutely stole it from her
after watching jaclyn hill's best of skincare 2013 video
i got this in stores
took it on my trip abroad
my boyfriend even noticed
honest review: this product lives up to its name!
a sephora employer recommended this to me
i am in my earlier 30s
when i first saw this i was a skeptic
this product is great for my teenage son.
in the beginning of november
worse then she did in hs
as stated in my title
i wish i had found this when i was a teenager haha
please buy it omg.
which is odd because i am a vib rouge member
when i put on my glasses
i went in to my malls location
not sure the br
i took the advice of others
i wish i would've found this product back in my teens
i wish i had taken a before and after photo.
i recently went on the pill
it has made my life a nightmare
my only complaint is that
right up until my mid twenties when i had my son
another smash hit from dr. gross!
it has alcohol in it, for crying out loud!)
yea it burns on the face
some advertised on tv
i've had acne since i was a teenager
esp after a work out
i share this product with my sister
it is my first time to write review.
i love using this product after i've used my rescue mask
it's a miracle worker for my h
eve lom says its a mask
i am loving this mask!
this mask is my lifesaver.
i sleep with mine on good luck!!
i ordered it online
i looked so awake
since i’ve made the switch from my dr
i am signing my life away to eve lom
facial massage is one of the best methods to a beautiful complexion as demonstrated by her 70-something mom who has sworn by it for many years
my sister loves this product
totally ride or die.
have met eve herself
i read somewhere that it works great with clarisonic brushes
my face feels like a baby booty after using this
i make my boyfriend touch my face each night after i wash
and clinique, and eve lom's is still my favorite.
looks great on display in the bathroom
think i’m over the honeymoon phase
never goin to use anything but eve lom cleanser!
i found myself has less acnes
i got it as a gift from my sister
i never heard of this br
its a must in my bathroom.
my friend told me to try it
i get compliments daily.
lives up to the hype
through casual online browsing i became obsessed with the idea of eve lom cleanser
finally i caved in vegas
i wish the product stated this in the info
after reading some of the reviews i had to give my opinion on this cleanser
unlike the commenter below
i blindly tried a sample of this for two nights with the included muslim cloth
i felt the pros outweighed the one con
this takes the cake
it came with a muslim cloth
this is my 3rd eve lom product i own
it is my favorite
love this rescue mask.
it answered my prayers
i will probably give it to my sister to use
i did after reading glowing reviews
i saw this one in the section of minis near checkout
i impulsively bought it anyway
only reason i gave it 4 stars is
i went back to space nk
literally for the first time in my adult life
i wish i had done before and after photos.
i saw my aunt for the first time in two years
i am getting older
than my younger sister :
i tried this on the recommendation of a salesperson when browsing at bloomingdales
getting compliments on my skin from total strangers
i returned mine in the store and reordered it.
not the same br
i asked for this product as a gift
when i decided to give the br
i've become a bit of an addict when it comes to verso
buying this for my mom
i am a male in my mid 20s
getting compliments on my skin from total strangers
had never heard of the br
full disclosure, i am a sephora employee.
the next day i received a similar comment by a colleague
it was totally fake.
i will never stray.
my bank account hates me for loving this.
decided to give it to my mom to try
it's helping with the overall appearence.
well, this is a little miracle worker!
my search is over!!
which reminds me of the forest
love this product/productsat 58 years old/young
doesn't bug my contacts, either.
this product is a home run for me since it's protecting my eyes from the bright las vegas sun
it's not a miracle worker
now i wear it every day home in seattle
i am an eye cream junkie and have tried many.
i wish i had taken a before
was considering seeing a plastic surgeon
the design is adorable.
my daughter gave me this lancôme one for my birthday
it's amazing i am on my third bottle
since i know it works i bit the bullet
i recently saw a client who had a sun spot on her face
recommend it to her also
no word on if it worked for her
the sun spot is in my wedding pictures :o
i am a longtime fan of lancome.
well this little lady is now officially hooked on dreamtone
thanks to this miracle in a bottle
i am feeling more confident about leaving the house barefaced
an article about it in the huff post
this stuff is the the bomb.
this product has been my savior.
as a survivor of acne since 13 yo
i am a tired mom
i am a freelance artist for lancome
this product is a keeper
i am 66 years old.
this is my mom review about this cream.
about 6 months ago my mother accidentally ordered 2 tubes by mistake
until june of this year my skin was crazy oily.
oh the joys of aging.
one passer by at my local smokey bones restaurant
i am only in my 20's
as i stated before
my girlfriend noticed right away the dewiness!
this tube will last forever!
i explained how my pregnancy had my face in a mess
it was my first time using the br
i love the murad br
i received a compliment that i looked younger
i am in my late twenties
boy was i wrong!
i am a 41 year old african american woman with sign of hormonal aging
my best friend sent this in a care package
i recently moved from southern ca to the east coast
i started using the line to prep for my wedding
once i got my h
just bought my 2nd bottle
well i started using this regiment
have gave samples to all my over-40 friends who are now devoted users also
one of my favorite murad products.
im obsessed with it
after spending 15 months in iraq my skin needed some help
my husband noticed how great my skin looked too!
i am a self-admitted skin care fanatic
for the past 12 years i was using mario badescu
i store mine in the fridge
baby soft in 20 years
if i was famous i would absolutely be a spokesperson for ptr
give them out as christmas gifts ?
i put it in the fridge.
i keep it in the fridge
i am a 50yo man
my sister showed me this need trick
i asked th employee for the best thing for it
i wouldn't call myself a mask-aholic
got this in the mask a holic kit.
my roommates have commented that my skin "glows" after using this product
i am a mask fiend
i keep it in the fridge
i am on my first container of this
i never heard of this product until the macy's retail lady told me she used it everynight
i ever used it on my boyfriend
it was a gift from a friend
when i removed it, i was smitten.
i got this as a birthday gift as the nars lip pencil wasn't available
store mine in the fridge
this is one of my favorites!
i might ask for it as a xmas gift
i wake up to beautiful
i received the trial size for my bday
i've tried a lot of different br
i love to venture out
dennis gross was in sephora that day
i am in love with dr
read about this cleanser in a blog post somewhere
stumbled across olivia palermo's top picks
i tried this product on a whim since i already use the dr
it has helped clear up the pimples on my 11 year old daughter too
however i wasn't wowed by it
boy do i love it
this my beautiful friends is worth every penny
decided to purchase the full version after i finished my tarte maracuja oil
my only complaint is the dropper!!
bought this product after meeting with a kate somerville rep at a vib rouge event
my mom who is not even a beauty person or uses such products told me
i never used kate somerville before
kate sommerville brings it home again.
i've already got my sister hooked as well
have already recommended to my sisters
i shop there frequently
it leaked all over my bathroom drawer
i traveled with it
find myself craving it during the day
i live in a country that has tropical weather
i am officially obsessed!
i am hooked on kate's products!
as my title says
using kate's age arrest face cream am/pm
i brought this with me to a recent trip to thail
was a bit skeptical about this one since kate somerville is a "clinical" br
i find myself recommending this to friends
my skin thanked me for this purchase.
this cream saved my life
i went camping and got sunburned pretty bad.
i finally bought the dr
i literally google sephora right there from my hotel
when i started to look thru my vast collection of skincare products to treat my newborn sons cradle cap
a beauty blogger was raving about this
this is my new fave!
i am still sick
when i tried by myself
love love love i've tried drugstore
i would recommend to a friend.
it has been my miracle product
it took years of products- both beauty br
this has saved me
i am so devoted to this product.
i recently moved from the northeast to wisconsin
this cream has me right with the lord.
i wake up with baby soft
i am officially a convert
a beauty blogger suggested this during the vib sale
i wore this under my makeup for my wedding photos
i am a fan for life
another reviewer suggested trying it first
this cream was a blessing.
ill be a fan forever.
when i went to my eyebrow lady she said "wow your face is so soft
i fell in love
i first tried it on my h
i tried to use it in the a.m.
this was recommended to me by a friend
when i was younger
ceramidin cream is the winner
my bf may sneak some from time to time
it has me singing cheesy love songs
climate, and my skin freaked out.
i happened upon dr
i wear it year round and have loved the results.
omly got a sample of this because a sephora employee was swearing/ranting about it
immediately i was obsessed.
without it, i can't go inn on in winter.
dr jart where have u been all my life???
it has been a god send for me
she told me to just use this
when i went to the local department store that has a small sephora shop they were all sold out
when i ordered this
i am not exaggerating!
it saved my skin!
this is my new obsession
a woman called maria helped me
i wrote a review for the ceramidin cream
the coordinating cream because i've loved my dr
i've found the fountain of youth!
to steal a phrase i read here in another review
this stuff is a miracle worker.
i'll admit i'm a makeup skin care junkie
my neice is a nurse
she showed me her h
i recommended this to her
i spent over a year in korea
the ny winter has not been kind to my skin this year
this is one of my favorites
i am 72 years old
now i am seeing small
i will die with this on my face.
this is a keeper and a true skin saver
this product is taking me to vib rouge as i will be buying it for my mom
strange at my age to me
s are owned by the same company as the drugstore br
i used my first jar
this is the nicest anti-aging cream i have ever tried
got a sample of this cream after reading about it on a beauty blog
i am in my 30s
it has also helped my daughter who is a type 1 diabetic
this one is a keeper looks like i found the one
age arrest is a keeper.
other than age arrest
i found age arrest to be too heavy for my skin after about a week so discovering that it works around my eyes has been wonderful
i fool designers all the time now!
bought this face wash for my boyfriend
i am a permanent convert!
one of my major problems living in calgary
as much as i am not married to the br
my friend worked for shiseido
i got this for christmas
after reading this cleanser's good reviews
.at least not since childhood.
i am constantly told i look 10-12 years younger than i am
the clerk urged me to buy this
this face wish has been a miracle worker
always been a fan of the whitelucent line
i recently hit my mid-twenties
i never had breakouts throughout my teenage years or college
om- i used to use shiseido products in my early teen years
if you're in your mid-twenties
i've used the ibuki beauty sleeping mask before
it has saved my skin
her skin is flawless for a 65 year old
it i was feeling adventurous
my daughter recommended this
a friend recommended shiseido to me when i was having some major skin issues
and boy, i'm glad i did!
i decided to try it after reading the praise reviews
which happened to be belif aqua bomb
i am a product junkie
this is my second jar and i love it!!
bought a bunch of products in a frantic
just a little info on my skin
.at least not since childhood.
i am currently pregnant
and i'm not talking about a pregnant glow.
top it off with this puppy
my new best friend.
i felt like this line was meant for more mature skin- boy was i wrong
i just purchased my second jar.
i just had a baby and my skin has gone crazy!
i love this br
this just boosted the love affair
i couldn't resist purchasing it after hearing rave reviews from the sales girl
this product is a god send!
i saw some reviewers thought it was perfume
fir the last 3 years
went to sephora for my daughter cleansing product
however, i am hooked.
i am 55 yr old who is not a wrinkler
went in to my favorite sephora to replenish my dr
thank you to the salesperson in rice village.
boy did i notice an amazing difference
for me, it's a keeper.
i could not st
brant will have something for that:
i am 45 years old with a toddler
i live in the desert
this eye gem has been in my beauty arsenal for 2 years
as it is a" 2nd
i started using this after reading all the reviews
i am in love with dr
after trying this one after an associate recommendation
this is by far my favorite
my eyes have seen the glory of dr
my new favorite of the month.
the one from shiseido are my favorites.
my heart is broken.
i am in my late forties
i am getting compliments non-stop
i am a big fan of dr
under bliss youth as we know it night cream
i am 51 years young
now my mom is hooked
she is also loving it
i am now on bottle #2
looks like i found myself a new day cream!
the skin care specialist at sephora told me
om people at work have commented on my skin "glowing"
it was recommended to me at the store when my face became super dry with my first pregnancy
to repeat what another reviewer said
please fix this origins!
i saw an article in in style magazine about this product
i am an oil girl for life
my skin freaked out
i am actually writing this for my boyfriend
i made my boyfriend uses it too
have never had skin "problems" until after i gave birth to my second child
i looked at pictures
especially because i am still nursing
important for my 45 year-old eyes
even my boss noticed & said i looked refreshed!
i've had bags since i was 28
i brought it to use while on vacation in southern california
this is my favorite new favorite eye cream
before that i was using a cream from my plastic surgeon
now this stuff is the bomb!
i am a skin care junkie
what my mom calls them
then was shocked to discover it was a cleanser
i got this when i was shopping this week because the sephora person suggested it
recently my tzone has been oily
on my 4th or 5th bottle
i got my mom and aunt hooked on this.
it stopped working as i aged
my skin is a happy camper
i think an earlier reviewer nailed the description of the scent of this product
it's like the hello kitty store
i actually purchased this by accident
became bored with it
it reminds me of the sanrio store i used to go to as a kid
i am a product junkie
ive been using this ever since
im already running out :(
i keep it in my purse and near my bed.
i am in my late forties
this has got to be my favorite mask ever!
it also lasts a long time it was given to me as a birthday gift last march
boy was i wrong
the only con about it
will transfer to a pillow case
i hit my thirties
she said she loved it
the girl at sephora gave me a sample to take home when i was suffering super dry skin
one of my favorite boscia products
i love this sleeping mask
my sisley is still my holy grail
by far my favorite beauty product ever.
now it's a holy grail at my house
i got this with my recent mia 2 clairsonic purchase
caring for it daily
i love this sleeping mask.
i am not usually a huge fan of masks.
a sephora employee recommended this to me
the product made my 28 yearold skin look as if i were 10
this is the most lovely cream that has ever graced my 31 year old face
estée lauder always strikes me as a br
mainly because it was my mother's
also because the "anti-aging" scared me
she told me it was amazing
it hasn't wowed me in the anti aging department
i hope the lottery hits soon.
this one really appeals to me
my current fave day cream is $185
or even a 30 year olds
it was recommended by an employee who is close to my age
it was recommended to me by one of sephora's staff members for my dry under eyes
all of her daughters inherited them to at least some degree
my son accidentally threw the sample away while cleaning the bathroom
i got juvederm filers under my eyes a while ago
my mom mentioned that i had dark circles one day
lives up to the claim.
the women there told me she would recommend this for the br
she raved about origins
i am a nursing student who does not get enough sleep
the service i got in the store
if you're sleeping well
i feel like i won the lottery with this product
i know it's already working after less than a week because i had my passport photo done
it was a relief because i'm stuck with that photo for five years hahaha
i enthusiastically slathered it on when i first tried it
have to admit that i am in my 60th year
even my boyfriend noticed i was glowing
this product saved my skin!
the clerk didn't believe i was over the age of 21
my mother has never had a skin routine
shes a smoker and was a 35 year factory worker.
needless to say its made her feel better about herself as well
as a woman in my 50's
not a big fan of dr
to tell u the truth my 5 year old daughter was the one who made me realize how well this cream was working haha
i am almost done with my first jar
however i doubt colleagues
i smoked in my teens
i am soon to be 51
now my search is over
my foundation usually cakes up around my t-zone
i recently received this genius cream
i am obsessed now
wasn't sure i'd found a keeper
now i am hooked
got this in my beauty insider bag for 500 pts
this is probably my 6th jar.
started december last year
people think i'm an 18/19 yr old high school student
have been a loyal fan of algenist serums
great gift for your mom too!
i grabbed this from my mother
this cream rescued me
i used them while on a trip to san francisco
the low humidity of california giving my face the look of a weather-beaten cowgirl --
tennis haha) days i've been using it.
decided to try the genius version the last time i was in the store
i am in my thirties
i just look younger
i beauty gift set and this product was in it.
even my friend noticed
she got the same product for herself
if you've just started feeling the effects of being a woman "of a certain age
this is the winner
he's heard me talk about makeup before
i decided to try this based on the enthusiasm of the girl helping me at sephora
boy was i wrong
the consultant in the store asked me what my skin care goal was
she showed me this product.
then i used the "10day challenge" promo code for this
i literally have never written a review before
just got the big girl size
i read the glowing reviews
boy am i thankful that i did
this genius is...genius.
my friend also used this and he has oily skin.
definitely one of my favorite masks
i finally allowed myself to try this one on suggestion of the cashier
i moved to a new city
second time bought for my son.
it seems work well for a teenager
i love using this product after a hike
my boyfriend has oily skin
i tried this after loving the first aid beauty face cleaner
my daughter uses this mask 2-3 times a week.
the fact that the mask had won an award
this one is my favorite
this one reminds me of those freeman masks i used to use
simply: this is my new favorite mask.
got some for my best friend as a bday present
she was glowing: she'd used the mask that morning
the results spoke for themselves
i just wrote a review for this mask's cleanser counterpart
the check-out woman happened to be pregnant like myself
she recommended this product to me
this is my new favorite mask.
which was my least favorite part
this has been my favorite mask of the kit!
used it for about 2 weeks with my mia brush
the tube lass for a long time especially for the price that it is
talked to one of the ladies
she personally recommended this to me because it's part of her routine
though i recently had an outbreak
this has been a savior
my clarisonic forever until my skin recently had a crisis
when i worked in a factory at one time
i fell in love
browsed quickly through it
i'd also be highly inclined to recommend to family + friends=1 star
i am 20 years old
humid new york city is in the summer
i live in the south
so an employee at sephora suggested this one
took this on an my overseas vacation.
i got this item in my july play box
got this in my july play!
i even bought the bar soap from this br
this was my favorite product of the july play box
got this in gratis and i fell in love.
read about this product through a blog.
this is one of my top favorites of his
i've had perfect skin as a teenager.
it is my secret weapon
my one complaint is that i can't sleep with this ''sleeping'' mask
recommended to all my of friends
i can confidently tell you that this camu camu sleeping mask is the bestest mask i've ever tried
i love he dispenser.
i am on the fence about a lot of the roth line
my kitty likes to cuddle :/
then i had my mom, who is in her 70s, try it out.
mom is a pretty frugal person
i recently bought the sleeping mask
that i looked like a doll
i am 63 years old
or after a couple of nights for those deeper buggers that popup when "aunt flo" comes to town
oh boy did they wreak havoc on my skin
i didn't actually use this sleeping mask
my friend gave good reviews
i first visited the local sephora store for something else
my face was happy, and filed no complain.
i am soon to be 47yo
thank you sephora staff for the recommendation.
clinique was making me breakout
i am a devotee of this line
this is my favorite mask- ever!
my husband said something to me about the look.
i work as an er physician
i am in my mid-forties
in almost every br
i've purchased black tea eye twice now bc i haven't found anything better
my mum receives compliments, she's 62 this year.
my mom bought this product
look no more ladies.
my mom is at her 60s
she looks like she is in her early 50s
will see results in 5-10 years when my eyes havent aged
are at an older age
gave to my mother to try
she had been using clinique
i leave it in the fridge
i just recommended this product to my best friend
it worked almost immediately i loved this for dark circles
also when getting into bed my boyfriend commented on good it smells
no stranger to good skin care
my search is over.
but this black tea is my savior.
like i just came back from vaca!
she said she is going to buy this cream for herself
stated it was the #1 selling eye cream @ sephora
very dark since childhood
this product is a winner with me.
this by far is the best eye cream ive ever used
gift yourself this product
bless you, josie maran, bless you.
then afterwards i am left with incredible "baby
i live in new engl
this has saved my skin.
i wish i took a before and after photo.
i am forever hooked on this!
recently grew familiar with josie maran products when a friend issued me one of the hydrating
that's when i went online to sephora
even after a transcontinental flight
i am 30 years old
i kid you ladies not
i swear by it.
my face looks 10 yrs younger.
i love round bottles
*sighs* someone might've thought it was trash
i am 56 years old
the cast member recommended i try this again
i saw this in the store
i went on a cruise recently
i cleaned the house
took the kids to soccer
33 with 3 kids who are 7
i will buy again 4 ever n ever dry skin best friend
i just couldn't st
this has been a life saver for my makeup
even my twin sister was amazed
even though i live in florida
remember to drink tons of water
no regrets with this purchase:)
she hogged it all!!
i knocked off a star bc as the purchaser
i didn't connect the mask to this
their mother says that
this product saved my skin
a sephora cast member recommend this to me
she used it on her face after she got sun burn on her honeymoon
i feel like a look like a woman in her 50's who has been smoking for 25 years
i love waking to a soft
my sister bought me the "sampler" size for christmas
in the coldest weather
(think a vacation in a container).
i do recommend using an old makeup foundation brunch to apply
i brought this recently
grab this bad boy!
my mistake turned out to be a blessing in disguise because i loved this hydrating mask
i also used the clearing mask on my bf as a spot treatment
i but this for my mom, and she loves it!
i am 25 and have exzema skin.
i live in the high mountain desert of northern utah
this is my fave
it transformed my post-baby
next time i need to submit before and after pics.
this is my favorite primer.
i tried another primer
i used the promo code on 2 of my orders
my dermatologist told me at the start of this year to
as i had when i was younger
while my dr told me this is a normal side effect
mispelled the product name...i meant caudalie.
women my age suffering through this awful plight will underst
having literally spent thous
i am a dire-hard fan
i get comments on it
they were surprised at my age.
i just wanted to make justice to this amaizing cream
then as a full sized as a gift from my boyfriend
when your child compliments you after one use
have been told i look @ least 20yrs younger
i give it 4 stars
it's been a staple in my medicine cabinet
travel bag for years
most definitely one of my holy grails
this is the ticket
an essential for anyone that lives in a sunny city like la
it was not stocked in the store i visited
i am taking off 1 star because it is not a cruelty-free br
i combed nyc to try to snag one with no luck at all
even if i'm wearing it in a hot yoga class
as soon as the wedding was over
i quit using it regularly
my job requires i work outdoors in phoenix
par this with a hat
then i tried a few different br
it also has been great for the gym bag!
leave one in the duffel
i am a big fan of the ren line of products
this is my favorite
only need a couple of pumps and bye bye makeup!
man does it work
i am on my 4th bottle.
boy do i love it
i tried this after hearing sally hughes rave about it
this is my absolute favorite.
i saw this product mentioned in a magazine
i've tried the balm version of this and loved it.
i forgot that my contact lenses were in one time
this product was recommended to me by cynthia at sephora
is my only complaint
at first i was skeptical about it
which is the smashbox photo finish
this is a miracle for oily girls.
discontinued product that i loved from becca
s on this before the official launch at nars boutiques
i am a fan for life!
boom it all disappeared
i recently started using this little beauty
ran to my computer to purchase
i am smitten with lancome's 1-minute blur
i will admit i impulsively bought this after loving the sample of this i pulled out of a magazine
for me this is the best h
my artist had my prime my face with this primer
as a 56 year old with fair
this is one of my favorites
just bought one for a friend, it's that good!
after the first minute i totally became a believer
i am a long time fan of lancôme
if i wasn't such a fan of the la base
ren was an exception
no i don't have a new man
i found the one
i live in a desert
kicked my old daytime moisturizer to da curb!
i am obsessed with this!!!!
i am 25 years old
in my not expert opinion
thank you one love people bob marley
wasn't pushy at all with her products
after watching youtube videos raving about this product
this mask was recommended by a perricone md account manager i met in my usual sephora
i am now a perricone md devotee
i am getting compliments on my skin left
so, i give it a gold star for that!!
i am in my 50s
this is my favorite.
if you're an in-store shopper
in spite of being a beauty product junkie
the sales lady showed me perricone md which i'm completely new to
boy, was i surprised when i tried this stuff.
my brother loves this for cooling down his acne skin
it is my favorite mask though.
my new favorite go-to mask.
the sephora lady put this mask on me
in answer to the reviewer who thought the reviews must be fake b/c they were written by ppl who only reviewed perricone
i checked the first 20 reviews
after 4 months of searching i found this gem
indulging myself in a great mask
i am a mask fanatic
my fav sephora consultant recommended this
my wanna give shout out to joanna @ wash sq location
this product is a keeper
my skin is in heaven!
then i read the reviews
like the worst skin you could imagine for a 19 years girl
my skin has been baby
my friend who has acne-free
i needed a 'green' mask for my blog post going up st
i scrutinize every little thing to death
i am rarely wowed but boy is this mask amazing.
shouldve just bit the bullet
dr.perricone has done it again!
even my fiancé could tell that my skin was brighter
just like the reviews before mine
this is seriously a miracle worker
dr.perricone did it again.
my new favorite 10 minute mask .
i am a brown girl
s worked for me
i also wore it on vacation on the beach
i found it in my cabinet
it's very dry where i lived
this one is prefect!
husband loves it too :).
i am on my second jar
super happy i found replacement.
i found that every br
i got this for my guy last year.
hasn't joined that fan club either
i am a big fan of dr
i tried this out after finding that my local store stopped carrying my beloved ren radiance serum
old habits die hard
now i'm on my 2nd bottle
i see it in all my asian family members too
earth-shattering product i would say
i am over 40 have deep hereditary eye cercles since birth
my little sister actually recommended this cream to me
skin tone similar to the woman in the demo video
it met my expectations.
that's my only complaint though.
i only bought this because i read on some unsubstantiated article on pinterest that selena gomez swears by it
i got this after seeing chriselle lim talk about it in one of her vlogs
feels better about herself
it's not a miracle worker
toss on some massacre
this product is a miracle worker!
an assistant in store recommended this
chilling with my hubby
you go, first aid beauty!
man this stuff works
i even bought my husband his own tube - shhhhhh!
now that i'm a new mom with little sleep
one of my favorite youtube beauty guru's used this to cover her under eyes
i also love this for when i'm too busy being a tomboy to care about makeup
i wanted something to prep my eye area prior to foundation
s that haven't worked for me
just a little background info
this product saved my skin.
this one is my absolute favorite
in addition to my daily aha
i admit, i have not been a "mask" person.
so with the recommendation from the lovely staff at the sephora near me
plus being a firefighter is not the cleanest job
i fell in love
my skin started to betray me
this is my new favorite!!
the woman sold me on this instead
a sephora rep gave me this
one of my best kept secrets.
because it's been a miracle-worker
it was one that paula begouin recommended on her website
that's when my life changed
the rest of my life
i am on my 2nd bottle of this
first of all, who spends $55 on a bar of soap?
s or with my clarisonic
ren did it again.
my only complaint is that i wish this came with multiple cloths
who knew i'd find gold
this was for my mom with combination skin
very similar to infamous liz earle which is not available here
thank you ren for deciding to give this to sephora
however this mask i became a huge fan of.
a friend of mine recommended this
when a friend of mine bought it
this is one of my very favorite masks
this is one of my favorites
this is one of my favorites
i live in south florida
i splurged on the maskoholic set
i put it in my fridge.
this one is my new favorite.
it works better for me than the cucumber mask which used to be my old favorite
one of my pet peeves
asked a sephora employee what they recommended
i am telling you after 2 applications i was hooked
a miracle occurred on my skin
i keep it in the fridge
s-down my favorite
i am def a fan!
i am a mask junkie
when i use this my skin looks taught
my birthday was this month
regularly get mistaken for someone in her early 30s
ladies as a television personality
consultant with over 20 yrs experience
washed it off a miracle occured
keep in mind i'm 40yrs old!
after reading reviews here i found that it makes a lovely overnight mask
this is my favorite product
im open to trying new products
i put it in the fridge
my fiancé even noticed and liked it.
i am super happy i exchanged it for this mask
i now associate it to a good night's sleep :
i love keeping it in the refrigerator
i never remember to use masks.
loved it since day one
this was my first ptr item
it's my favorite part of my day
even left on my dresser
a rep that works for peter sold me this mask in colorado last month
have tried just about every br
this one is my favorite by far.
as i am a mask junkie
this one is a winner.
this is by far my favorite
this line is a keeper for me.
have had acne since i was a teenager
got this as a christmas present for my boyfriend since he liked the smaller size i got with the rose trio set
30-something year old skin
the bottle lasts me forever
as a person who knows the benefits of roses for the face
never stay with one br
this mask lived up to my expectations
i got this mask on the advice of the sephora rep for my combination skin
i am a huge fan of kate somerville
was so excited to try this mask because i am already using the age arrest eye
i went to the sephora store
i looked at a lot of reviews on youtube
it definitely lives up to its name.
i just fell beautiful
have searched all the br
then i heard from a co-worker friend about this product
love this as a base to my foundation.
she absolutely loves hers!
she was wearing it, and her skin looked amazing.
i've never been a foundation girl
one of the worker in sephora told me that it gave a very very sheer of coverage
bought this in a gift set around christmas along with the "no blush" blush
my coworkers said they didn't notice
i've shared it my friends
moved on to other things because i'm a product junkie
the girl at sephora said it will match to your skin tone
to write a very strongly worded letter
it sits in my cabinet
i went on a trip
there are some nights when i am a bad girl
it was made for men
my daughter asked me what i was doing different
btw i woke up with a beautiful glow
i am an oil devotee.
after 3 days i felt like i was glowing
that i have had for years bc of sun damage
the salesgirl at eaton centre was spot on with her recommendations
i am in my 30's
i've just ordered my 2nd bottle
that was never a problem of mine
go get my coffee
this has been my miracle product
i used this once in a gift set
omg that lady knew what she was talking about
i will suggest it to my younger friends
as a pregnant mama with dry dry sensitive skin
i also got my sister and mom hooked on this!
i came on here and read some of the reviews.
i am at my second pot
the employee at sephora pointed me to this product
now in my forties
what a lifesaver this was for her!!!
i introduced this to a 22 year girl
loving it ever since.
the girl who suggested this to me in-store said it was great under concealer
disappearance of my fine lines
while this isn't a miracle worker
like other reviewers before me
once used everyday vs whenever i remembered
now that i am 33
i read about this product recently on refinery 29
this is definitely a keeper!
annnnd it would be cool to sashay into my thirties without them
i got it as a gift
searched for something for my boyfriend who has the worst blackheads on his nose i have ever seen
i took my fiancé into sephora with me one day
after he had entertained himself to his full extent pretending to care about the men's fragrances
i would definitely recommend to a friend
i tried these because i got bored in the checkout line
my boyfriend has a good amount of black head
a stud in my nose
was so shocked to log on
i am a big fan of most dr
i just used mine today
this 100% is the best thing ever made by dr.jart.
always tell my hubs to buy me as part of my christmas gift
i scoffed at the people who said it burned.
then i went on vacation to phoenix.
my husband was a bit worried!
pm cream is brilliant
my husband even noticed a difference.
i am talking tiny.
the salesperson told me a year… i am a few months in
however i am giving it 4 stars because it blinds me dily for 15 minutes
i read the instructions online beforeh
used on my husbands face.
i put this bad boy on
love this stuff, bought like 3 jars already.
one star off for the price, but it's a keeper.
one of my favorite glamglow masks!
even my husband was shocked!
i made my boyfriend try it
this is one of my favorite glamglow masks!
my sister bought me the small one for christmas
i am currently 9 weeks pregnant
while all my life
this is a god send.
a friend recommended that i try this one
even my boyfriend loves it lol
i definitely felt a burning sensation upon application
after i read the instructions
it was like heaven
i am a beautiful (ha!)
best subscription i have ever tried btw
i am truly stunned at the results
i saw this mask in one of the glam twins yt videos
im a huge supporter of their products
this is one of my favorite masks of all time
this is my favorite glamglow mask now.
video on youtube channel
i look younger than my age
i looked 10 years older
this is by far the best vic.
i started using it religiously.
i am a product lover
i want to age gracefully
my friends told me they notice my face is brighter
i also smoked all through high school
i am a true product junkie
i couldn't stop them from contracting
when i searched for it on the sephora website
which tells me that this was renamed
yell "good lawd" when i saw that in the video clip
ive tried this and one ive gotten as a sample.
now i have my own and i am unstoppable!
a sephora salesperson thought it would suit me
received it in my ole henricksen travel bag of goodies
holy cow i only used it once
im 26 and look my age or younger.
found it very close to old el time zone eyes
i even used it on my old man
i am mid 50's age
my 20 year-old daughter had a sleepless night
highly recommend it to any ladies at the 40+ age mark that i am in
i am a full-time college student
this stuff is the bomb.com!
everything described in the description worked for me
my eyes look great [i am often mistaken for a 40-year-old
even recommended to my mom
aunt -- who love it just as much as i do
so happy i spent my allowance on this!
decided to try this due to a newspaper article.
i am now fully converted
i really enjoy the drunk elephant baby facial
i followed the instructions
promised that it was one of her "holy grailes"
one of my favorite masks.
my all time favorite mask
when i read the reviews i had my doubts
this is a miracle worker
this is by far my favorite
my mom gave this to me after she purchased the mini mask set
recommend putting the 'gift pack' on your b'day list for a generous friend / partner as it's about $225
takes away the death skin
magine my surprise when
this stuff is godly!!!!.
why is this in a jar?
this mask was a gift to myself
i am a definite newbie
batman!this skeptic is a believer.
this mask is heaven
this is by far my favorite!
knew pumpkin was a good thing
i received this was a gift for christmas last year
i am on a pretty strict diet right now
initially tried this out because i love pumpkin
this was my first favorite out of the mask-holic kit
i am a self diagnosed mask-a-holic
s down one of my faves
since people constantly rave about it
would last you ages
this one was definitely the st
after reading good reviews about the pumpkin mask
bought the mask a holic kit with this in it.
this is my new favorite
word of caution: the first time i used it
i am a mask junkie.
still found myself searching
which works great fyi
and my skin, oh...my...god...!
i am a huge, huge, gigantic, fan of ptr masks.
i wish this had been the first ptr mask i'd bought
this is by far my favorite
one of the ladies at sephora said the ptr pumpkin mask would help
this is my all time favorite mask
my mom and i love this!
this one is my absolute favorite
this is a staple in my bathroom
flakey after a trip to the snow
one of my very favorite mask!
scream about it online acting like its acid
i went to my local sephora
like another reviewer mentioned
even my boyfriend could tell the difference
the sales girl said she loved it
man i was expecting to like it
of one the artist saw me looking at murad
let me preface this review by stating that i am only twenty-two years old
my dentist is a beautiful woman.
eager to share my secret
i told her about l'occitane
i also told her how she can purchase this product on sephora with my other beauty secret
the reason why i searched this item
i read other reviews saying it was oily
my mom offered to let me use her divine cream once
even my 16 year old daughter has noticed
boy was i wrong
i am beauty junkie
this is my favorite
because he has a milk case of ezema
i am addicted for life!
after just 12-15 days of using this product i think i might be a life long devotee
that i thought it was going to be the same old story
my husband noticed my skin improvement in a week.
read the reviews on here
i just can't bring myself to spend $60 on an oz of any beauty product
the deluxe sample has lasted me forever
you want your face to continue to look like a glowy angel princess?
had the sales lady talk me into it
i tend to break out due to mother nature
i am 35 years old
pm as directed it is gone
loved it from day one
a girl can dream can't she
this is my new favorite
i try ed loads of strum but this is the best
i got this as a bday gift
it's definitely one of my favorite in recent history
i love this product, on my 2nd bottle.
even my family saw that my skin was better.
they used this on my old
s" people have been mentioning
i am in love wit
then i went to sephora store
a knowledgeable lady recommended me this product
this is my favorite of all time
was intrigued by this
this is definitely a keeper
i am in my mid-forties
everything from this br
i spotted this item in the store
so this is one of my faves!
which is not a fave of mine
an sa asked my friend
it must really work as someone called me a young lady the other day
dear korres i am a fan for life
it is thanks to korres that i discovered sephora.
everything from this br
but boy oh boy does this brighten.
love that the br
except of course i hadn't
n love i had to purchase
ren is probably the best line sephora has introduced me to
note the word "routine"
we're both in our forties
was shocked by the results
stop reading my review
i went and bought a bottle.
i too was skeptical when i read the "1 minute facial" name
read about this in a magazine.
felt compelled to write a review
this product was recommended to me by a woman from my book club
i'd noticed how beautiful her skin was looking recently
she told me i had to try this new 'flash rinse' gel she'd gotten at sephora washington square
one of the more "mature" employees told her it was amazing
i told her i did, in just a minute :).
even my husband noticed!
i am in the throes of perimenopause
my boyfriend immediately noticed that my skin was looking clean
i never write a review
for my birthday i asked for a gift certificate to put towards 1 full size jar
i guess sephora knows my fav br
ever sicne the br
has been my unique fav morning
i am 47 years old
i just ordered a new jar
now i am hooked
now i am hooked.
like the sephora employee suggested
as a mousterizer it is a keeper
a friend had given me genifique by lancôme to try
i am not a chemist
i got this product as a 100 point gift
it did wonders ladies.
for starters, i love shiseido.
it was offered as a 100 pt reward
i read about it in a magazine
this product saved my skin
i almost never write reviews
i've always had dull looking skin according to my parents
i am in my 20's
i am on my 5th bottle.
the sales lady on the floor recommended shiseido ultimune
im confidently to say that this red baby trained my skin to a better then ever condition
in my misspent youth
i just recently tried
my husband and daughter now use it.
i buy this for my teenager
this saved my skin
"listen to the others who sing its praises.
this comes to the rescue
slept with a towel on my pillow
i used it as a sleeping mask
it is a miracle worker when my skin is feeling abused
i am a loyal user of origins
someone mentioned this was a good mask
discovered this product by accident
am totally hooked on mega-mushroom line
i swear it was my savior
bought this after watching one of sephora's tutorials on their youtube channel
maybe add it to your christmas list?
when i told my co-worker i only use make-up wipes
having my skin freak out
i am 45 years old
my mother swears by this.
i've tried plenty from drug store to other br
i always leave mine on for 20 mins as a mask
my daughter told me of this cleanser
in the other seasons i am drier
this has also become a favorite of my husb
i picked this product as part of my sephora favorites bag
have recommended the product to friends
i am a fan of algenist's products since they had the 10 day genius sampler
the tube seems to last forever
im new to the line but this is a keeper for me
my boyfriend always wants to touch my face after my nightly cleanse
i didn't read the instructions
perfect for my 50 year old skin.
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
one of my fav beauty bloggers said she loved it
gather up your coins
i am 35 years old
this stuff is the bomb
yes im guilty oh so guilty.
i've fallen in love with algenist
even the ones where i packed the original product bottle in my suitcase
i've used dior star recently
i tried around four other br
i tried many eye cream, included la met.
i browsed through some pictures from 2 years ago when my skin looked flawless
looked at recent orders dated around when that picture was taken
my fiancé even commented at dinner the other night
while it isn't a miracle worker
i look 10 years younger thanks to ole henriksen.
i am getting older
though i am still on the medication
i used this after having my face made up as an alien for halloween
i leave it at my boyfriend's house
this is by far my favorite
i am mid-thirties
maybe two peas worth
not the name verbatim
made my boyfriend touch my face
my face looked almost br
as a teen/young adult
my teenage daughter loves it too
i used it faithfully
i am a huge fan of oil cleansing
one for my mom
because nothing has compared to this since i bout it in september
then i came here to read reviews
as with all ole henkicksen items
people were complaining about eiyhrr a filmy feeling
i am a huge fan of face oils
a bag of chips for me
my 17 yr old daughter even snagged it from me!!!
i am huge fan of the br
deff my fav of the few different br
i fell in love!!!
ive tried it out about 3/4 times
this has become one of my favorite discoveries.
i pray this item is not discontinued ever
the type of gal who really reads reviews
i probably should've gotten advice from a salesperson
i consider that a blessing
a consultant sold me on this telling me what i really needed was a daily eye cream
the sales girl that helped me recommended this
i am only 22 years old
a friend of mine recommended this
she urged me to write this review
in her words she says she used to use botox
asked for it for her birthday
my skin felt former
my mom is in her late 60s
she always inspired me at an early age to take care of my skin
origins is tried and true.
decided to buy it for my relatives on thanks giving day
this is my 1st time ever using anything from this br
it is what my 50 year old skin has been yearning for
even though my fiancé kept saying i look the same
that is my only complaint
i am definitely enjoying mine while it lasts
this was my answer to it
it's a keeper for me.
that i share that info
two of my coworkers recommended this for me
all i have to say ladies
perricone has never been a br
my skin is in heaven!!
i am in heaven with this product!
even signed up to attend a perricone event
it was like a miracle
my whole family uses it
i went to california and it was so hot.
i found a tube of this that my mother had given me for my birthday
let just say due to breastfeeding my face is like soooooo dry i put this on for 10 min before bed
i saw kathleen lights talk abt it on her yr page
stuff i put the nude pro genius oil
i wanted to try this because i'm a college student who pulls all nighters
it is a gift from the heavens.
so -1 star from me
love love origins overnight mask
i love that this mask doesn't transfer on my pillow
this stuff is my new holy grail!!!
i did purchase this after i saw several youtubers rave about it
snowing where i am
if i forget it at home when i travel i am beside myself
i made my friends try it
this has been a blessing
i live in minnesota so things are rough.
i wasn't wowed by it as a mask
i snatched this up out of curiosity when i was in peebles over christmas
gave me a pregnancy glow
this mask was my savior!
i remembered this product
one of my favorite masks.
this is by far the best br
i got a small trial size of this and im in love!
this is my new favorite
i did internet searches
however i am young
my 11-yr old daughter
i were shopping in sephora when she came over to me with a h
this is my first bottle.
i've since moved to another br
please, please please don't discontinue!
it was like heaven
i felt it working on contact.
he told me how recently anthony for men has lost the "men" portion
i live in new engl
had to write a review as i was
my daughter and i both use it.
love this product folk!
works best with sephora br
i am woman of color
the lady at sephora recommended this product
i discovered this product on sephora's website
it wasn't in store
put this in store please!
this product is a miracle worker!!!!!
don't tell estee, but i'm cheating on her.
this is my new favorite
i read about this is in a magazine
i've told all my friends to go to sephora to buy this
included them in mine
with my foreo luna mini--great results every time
defiantly would recooked this product
i chose overnight mask.
my friend got it as a birthday gift to me.
it drank it in
i am obsessed with this mask!
instantly became obsessed with it
kicking myself for splurging because now
omg i fell in love
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i owe her my life
i felt the difference like a thunderbolt
i say this as a person on a budget
i teceivedd the full size as a git for the holiday
not in my opinion.
it lives up to the description.
even at my age
leave the house to run err
although i am stressed
i returned this at the store
one of my favorite bloggers suggested the br
thank you sephora for carrying it!
i first got this as part of a box of goodies from oprah
it was my favorite product in the box
said i was "glowing"
i gave this to my girlfriend who is also suffering from acne
i love using this product on its own when i am on the plane
my friend recommended me this product as it is working good for her
this product is rally amazing.
i am a big girl
when i skype with my mother
by the way i am a male ;)
on my 2nd bottle
even my teen daughter noticed my face looked younger
i recently change my diet
i saw a blogger talking about this beauty shot
one for my mom during friends
family also went home with ren beauty shot eye
my mom loves it
this is the ticket
i actually look my age again.
this will now be a staple in my beauty drawer.
contacted the company they went above
i highly recommend it for my 'aging' sisters.
totally recommend for young and old.
one of my favorite products.
who is an occasional smoker
i saw this product promoted on sephora's youtube channel
this got recommended to me in store
a must have for every girl over 40!!
this was on selena gomez's makeup artist instagram
boy was i impressed.
i tried this on the recommendation of a friend.
i finished my bottle
on my 3rd bottle
i am such a fan of ren.
l have had several people ask me if l went on vacation
looked like my father
thought l was 20 years younger
jury is still out there.
i turned 31 in november
which i was about to cave on
the sephora consultant i spoke too told me that a serum was definitely the way to go
this product lives up to its name.
the ren keep young
thank you to the young man at the grocery store who carded me last week
i am recommending this to all my friends.
it calls to mind a spa for me.
i suggested it to my friends that have a combination skin
my daughter that was pregnant
who swims on a daily basis
i live in one of the driest cities on earth
i discovered dr jart months ago
i got this in my sephora favorites set
treatment i wasn't quite convinced thought until my son developed a rash on his elbows
has saved my skin
i discovered this product after winters spent in boston
my skin is named dewey
i shop at sephora weekly.
this beast has not responded to st
have already rec'd this to two of my clients
a sales associate at my sephora rummaged in a drawer
if u are a fan
i received this as part of the brightening system for christmas
by the grace of god i got back on my feet
after her clarisonic brush demo
for an oily girl like me
props to the sephora employee who recommended this to me
this has saved my skin
i received this in a birch box a loooong time ago
i recently re-discovered it
best friend for my complex skin.
it's practically a soul mate lol.
i just paid $32 for a bottle of water”…
especially for the lazy girl syndrome i've had lately
this item hooked me onto dr
this is my absolute favorite face oil i own
this is my favorite
tried it on halloween
hear more in the video
so the sales girl switched it to one that didnt leak
overall 5 stars from me
i got this as a gift from my daughter.
im in my mid 20's :
i swear to god supermodel cheekbones in the am everytime
i started with the ole henriksen mask
you have a forever loyal customer.
this stuff is made for queens.
recommend to all of my friends
although i am only 14
so that all the skin dies
i am on my first jar and bottle.
don’t have to sleep next to my boyfriend worrying i have a mask on that makes me look more like sherk than his sexy gf
asked what the sa at sephora recommended
ive been using it every night.
i just celebrated my 39 birthday
i wake up ad my face feels
looks refreshed even when i haven't slept well
after reading the reviews i decided to try this
i love bedtime because this lovely mask is my final bedtime product
applying it is like heaven
recommended for ladies between 50 and older .
i love the fresh black tea age delay products
for others as gifts
have to study for finals lol
a friend of mine suggested this black tea mask
i ended up loving them
i am 56 years old
this is one of my faves
a fresh representative at sephora told me about the product
co-workers even comment
side note: i was recently in the store
speaking with a fresh br
consulting a professional can help u save time
sister on to this product
i am new fresh product lover
i awoke to find my skin baby soft
told me it was like a baby's bum
it would restrict my sleeping
they are my newfound addiction
like others who've written reviews
i stopped at the sephora on lexington ave on the way to the airport to buy a jar
was happiest with results after use with dr jart micro water
as a makeup artist working in tv
my eyes are as smooth as some of my coworkers who are 10-15 yrs my junior
i am now hooked
my daughter gave me this as part of a points gift
i recently tried the sister product the 3d mask
for me it's a miracle worker
granted i am under 30
i am glad i jumped in and bought it.
my 51 year old mother each bought a bottle
now even my mother with heavier
i am 46 years old
works on men as well.
i tried this after hearing great reviews from friends
after reading the reviews
thanks and god bless his family.
recommend it to anyone who shops at sephora
the representative in the store took me to this gem of a product
she said she was currently using
as a 46 year old with decent skin
i am about to purchase my 3rd bottle.
i've tried every hope in a jar bs moisturiser
as a male who has gotten botox i'm in love with this product
n love with this product that i'm on my third bottle
i've used this product faithfully am
mine is working fine
a few years ago my fiance bought me the glam glow christmas set which included the thirstycleanse cleanser
i recently changed my diet
i actually got this in my gratis bin
which is basically like saying i only tortured the bunny cause china told me to
i am a super oily person
i am 60 years young
it was starting to destroy my self esteem
so i went back to my old faithful cleanser.
one of the trips was an outdoor music festival where i camped for 4 days
i read a review about this
after years of suffering trying to find a cleanser i finally found my holy grail
high school to be honest
as a young high school teacher
that i gave an elevator pitch about it to my friends
look like a unicorn or a rhino
i made the leap
i've also changed my habits: exercising
started another new med
my skin went berserk.
i changed my diet
since ive been using it
a department store that sells designer br
remembered i would use this
i got recommended this product one day at sephora when i was telling the girl how oily my skin is
i even almost booked an appointment with a dermatologist because at almost 20 years old
i decided to try this cleanser since i had received a sephora gift card for christmas
i got this for my 13 year old cousin who was starting to get really bad acne
i am constantly dirty
a friend of mine recommended it to me so my mom bought it for me for christmas
this is now my ride or die cleanser.
i read a blog post about this
i work at sephora and i'm a skin care junkie!!!
because i am an aesthetician i have tried so many cleansers in my career
i am 31 years old but people think i'm 25.
i am almost out of my sunday riley luna sleeping night oil
i am 36 years old
i will repurchase; my new favorite <3
this is one of my top faves
actually i find my fiance
my skin has been a wreck lately
i suspect it`s possible due to citral
i used this recently on my 2 daughters
after dance dress-rehearsals
this is the first time i've found one that may actually replace my old favorite from nude
've been switching makeup remover since i was a teenager
my only complaint is my pump.
i've contacted sephora to figure it out.
" miracle worker for me
i recommend checking out caroline hirons blog
thx for carrying this line sephora!
bought this in the little ornament
it's the best my skin has looked since i was a child
i decided to venture off
s down my favorite one
i received a small jar of renewed hope in a jar for christmas
i used hope in a jar
tried belief aqua bomb
buy another one since i lost the recite
i first bought the littlest one to try out
i fell in love
my friend let me try some of hers
shortly after ordered the 2oz jar
trying to find my holy grail
she asked for it specifically.
i went in public with no foundation or bb cream- naked
as i used to be on the oiler side
for us ladies in our 30s
found this by accident
n love with this product that i've saved up
wasn't wowed by it
i am 40 years old
she love the way that it treat her skin
so many of my friends have become hooked after using it at my house
curiosity got the best of me
my friend that works at the local sephora recommended this to me
this is my moms favorite!
i got this as a gift for christmas
when i used it, i was shocked!
definitely one of my new faves
the ladies at sephora directed me to a couple products
i tried nearly every br
i am in my mid-twenties
i just turned 50 in august
i've taken good care of my skin since i was in my mid twenties
you provide a day of school to a young girl in a developing country
i toss the mini version of this
one from the drugstore
until i'm going through a depressive episode
buy it and thank me later.
it is the bomb
i am 28 years old
you can call them or chat online through their website
it saves my life
found this one to be my favorite
just take the 4 stars u gave as a full 5 star
i am not a review writer
i am a penny puncher
i am a changed woman
i am obsessed with this oil.
i heard people were raving about it
i received this from my sister who
i discovered this product from a youtube video
the sephora employee recommended this to me
i got this in the beginning of november
my 10 year old gr
had bought her in
i remembered this oil which i had a sample of.
daughter didn't show any hurt at all while i used it on her face
daughter convinced me that it needs to be in our house
i recently bought the tatcha bestsellers set
it was one of my favorites
i know people who swear by coconut oil
girls i am telling youuu
fight oil with oil ladies
i ordered this originally for my mom because she is has very dry skin
since i have ordered one for myself
i found this one best
i am a true fan of the drunk elephant products in general
give drunk elephant a chance
this one is my favorite.
at the suggestion of the sephora associate
boy oh boy this one is special
this is by the greatest oil ive tried
including what my doctor prescribed
i went to my sephora location near me
my boyfriend loves the results this oil has left on my skin
first of all i'm an obsessive sephora shopper.
thinks i'm in my early twenties
like i said i'm always shopping at sephora
mpressed she went to buy a bottle too
once again drunk elephant did not dissapoint me
i heard it helps with healing
this one has my heart
however i was using the whole drunk elephant line
the drunk elephant line has completely transformed my skin
i am a 31 year old female
but i listened and tried it.
the other products in the drunk elephant line are amazing too
i am 37 years old my skin is combo
hence my one star deduction
i am 19 years old with dry to combination skin
has also changed my moms making it more youthful
i found the best use is right before bed with my dr
though in my forties
remembered i had a tiny sample of this de one
which my sister is
de has changed my life!
i just add one drop to lala in the am
since i've started using the drunk elephant line
s down my favorite
drunk elephant hit it out of the park with this!
it saved my skin
by morning my skin feels br
i've recently discovered this br
in the summer i started using the de travel face bar duo featuring the baby juju
switched completely to drink elephant
this is my favorite oil ever
i ordered one bottle online
the outskirts of my face are sooo dry
my sister who has eczema also uses the drunk elephant line
i am a huge fan of the de line.
i am a 22 year old
i didn't have this on me while i was traveling
my skin looks incredible after 1 week on the drunk elephant line
i am floored at the results
this is my ride or die
in general i'm a big fan of the line.
this is my ride or die.
this is my favorite part
i am a true fan of the drunk elephant products in general
give drunk elephant a chance
be warned it burns for about 5 secs
a friend said it broke her out
thank god i ignored the price tag
if you're hanging on to that other br
after hearing so many raving reviews for this br
that drunk elephant is a clean br
my skin was a disaster before drunk elephant!
now i swear i look 5 years younger.
after my sample finished i contemplated
my skin is thanking me
still less expensive than a session with my therapist
also people mistake me for an undergrad or high schooler
i've used all sorts of aha/bha/glycolics over the last 25 years
i only had a lil tiny breakout
purchased the drunk elephant night serum the results were almost instantaneous
i am 18 years old with dry-combo skin
m never without it
this is my absolute favorite
thank you drunk elephant!
when you have other br
i picked up the tlc framboos
this has replaced my paula's choice bha
i've added this to my evening routine after a friend of mine got a sample
returning my latest sunday riley splurge
never written a review ever
i felt like my skin looked so good yesterday that i left the house w/o foundation on
my boyfriend even commented on the condition of my skin
after sunday riley's good genes gave me my worst breakout since high school
the marula oil have me hooked on drunk elephant
thank you drunk elephant for making dreams happen
i am completely addicted to the drunk elephant line
still am a huge fan of sunday riley's good genes
de has won my heart and my money...
i baby my skin in every way possible
i love the drunk elephant line.
the whole drunk elephant line
this is made by a br
i assumed it was all hype
i am a beauty product junkie
walk around the house
i am a make-up/ skin care devotee.
drunk elephant has found the secret to helping a pale
thank you drunk elephant.
i am 30 years old
walk about with a miracle back in november
trial and error, am i right?!
thanks drunk elephant for giving me my skin back!
never as bad as the sunday riley one
this is sent from the gods
this one is my favorite
juju bars were some top favorites
this bar will last you ages
i also love the juju bar
boy was i amazed finding it was soo gentle
i am constantly traveling
spending time in the bush
live in the midwest
i got the pekee bar in the baby bar travel set
since i am so addicted to other de products recently
i really have to thank the sephora cashier at willowbrook mall in houston
drunk elephant has converted me back the bar!
having left the bar in my sower in a container
it is a bar i also feel safe having my young daughter use on her pre-teen skin
i definitely wanted to used this cleanser for a weeks before i wrote a review
the soap gets stuck inside lol
this lived up to the hype
i am officially smitten
i saw this company
so my mom got me this bar for my birthday on a shopping trip to chicago
my mother has even commented on it.
i know its a bar
like another disparaged reviewer
love my new pekee bar.
its my first drunk elephant purchase
i am not a fan of soap bars
i love drunk elephant
i made that mistake
my family used it all over their bodies
i learned about drunk elephant from an employee of mine who interned for tiffany last summer
especially since i had spent my undergrad years insufficiently protecting my skin from florida sun
i will definitely be adding more drunk elephant to my skincare routine
the juju bar as the morning bar
i dearly love de's juju bar
reading the excellent reviews of drunk elephant pekee bar i gave it a try
i also love elephants so it was a win win :)
i feel like god herself blessed my face after i use this
love the juju bar
i ordered this product because i have been using the drunk elephant sunscreen
would treat skin from probably 5 yrs old to 50+
thank you sephora for carrying this line
had never even heard of the br
have not used bar type soap on my face since i was 10 yrs
i definitely want to try the other bar soap in this br
gunny name but great products!
just introduced it to my tween daughter to get her started on a good skin care routine
juju bar in the morning
i love this bar of soap.
but this is the boss :)
i decided to look at de's twitter
my boyfriend is now secretly using the bar
well done drunk elephant!
her personal testimony of the product
i originally used juju in the morning
my skin freaked out
i decided to give the trial size a try after a worker was raving about the juju bar
i tried it after a friend recommended it to me.
i wish the box were plastic instead of cardboard
i heard great things about the juju bar
i swear by this.
this is my favorite
my acne was bad in hawaii, as i was on vacation.
that were terrible for the skin's ph
this is my first product from drunk elephant
this will forever be in my skin car stash.
after 1 minute is completly dry
friend recommended this to me
opted to give this try bc of the positive reviews i read online
at first i thought i only wanted the juju for my acne
i never thought i'd purchase bar soap
on one of those dangerous trips to sephora a sa talked me into the juju bar
i am a big fan of juju bar
adored every other drunk elephant product
never questioning de again.
s like you name it
i am using juju bar in the morning
after being in a house fire
more like miracle elephant.
i recently bought this in conjunction with the peekee bar
i thin drunk elephant just found its number 1 fan
i am about as far from a bar soap girl as you can get
drunk elephant has completely changed the skin care game for me
drunk elephant, i love you.
everything i've tried from this br
i learned about drunk elephant from an employee of mine who interned for tiffany last summer
especially since i had spent my undergrad years insufficiently protecting my skin from florida sun
i will definitely be adding more drunk elephant to my skincare routine
i love having this bar around.
drunk elephant is my little luxury
proceeds to go helping elephants
it's been a great introduction to drunk elephant
for now i am just using the juju bar
love this lil bar!!
it comes in the cutest box
it's been my favorite beauty product i've bought this year
i contacted the company
i am no less than extremely impressed by drunk elephant products
i just receive my juju bar
i wanted to tried this juju bar
one of my coworkers even stopped me in the hallway
being a student this was a big splurge
thank you drunk elephant!
this would work for a 15 yr old as well
got this as part of the christmas package.
spent over $700 on a well known br
i always trust her recommendations
was skeptical to say the least when my sephora girl recommended
for texas summers this alone works great
certainly not on my student budget
did you hear about the new england winter 2015?
one of the ladies of sephora turned me on to this amazing oil
i swear i look at least 5 yrs.
m having second thoughts about doing it
ve spent at least $10
i think caudalie has another winner!
my daughter has combo
my mother in law got it for me to give it a try
one in my medicine cabinet
i am extremely dry one of the girls at sephora helped me out
my friend hates it
i've used many different br
watch her videos if you want educated
i remembered i had this sample
this is my new favorite
this is the first time i've cheated after year of acne as a teen
reminds me of being in a spa
than after discovering how amazing the foreo luna 2 is i switched
my friends have all tried it
bought one for my friend as part of her birthday gift
now i'm buying myself one for my birthday
this is my absolute favorite
or other scary skin plz don'ts
it has become a staple to my morning
after having a terrible experience with another br
this stuff is bomb for my skin
this is by far my favorite
stole this from my sister
in all my barefaced glory
as a super dry girl
this stuff is the bomb.com!
i watch youtube makeup videos
all of my girls use this product
leap of faith, this is the one.
this one is a winner.
as a young woman who doesn't always get enough sleep
my husband and i both use this.
it has worked great to de-puff her bags.
i can't speak to the product's other claims of brightening
i love this product my sister in law recommended it to me when she got a sample of it
and holy cow cow...it does.
i only found this stuff by accident
for a woman in her forties
it isn't a miracle worker
this is a miracle worker.
hoping it would be a good replacement for the sisters ford depuffing action eye gel i used to love
i keep mine on my windowsill
plus, the little iron tip is the cutest!
feel like i'm the poster child for puffiness since i was a baby i've had it
lol.at the people expecting coverage from this.
i am a fan for life
i am always hesitant to branch out
boy was i wrong!
i am 34 years old with combination skin
a beauty advisor put some on one h
i keep this right by my bedside that way i remember to use it
my nana got it in a kit
my only complaint is the dropper
i just used my own two h
i fell in love
i received this from my mom
who loves clinique skin care
this is her current favorite
its just a con for me
i apply this once in the am under my hydra life dior moisturiser
i am a dior addict
i discovered this by accident a few years ago when i received it as a christmas gift
i am 28 years old
jc penny-staff was very helpful
im almost done with my first bottle
i got this as a gift
i am 26 years old
that's a winner for me!
my skin has freaked out
my easy to please teenage skin has turned into a mystery
im in my early twenties with friends telling me "its never too early to start using anti aging creams
went off a recommendation of one of my favorite bloggers who loved this product
boy was she right
i'd been reading glowing reviews
not bad for 51 year old skin!
i am 24 years old
also thank you origins for thinking about the concerned 20 year olds
she had been telling me for months my skin was congested
i am 29 years old
i looked like i went to the spa
i originally purchased this as part of the mask-o-holic set of 5
i'd go for the mask set first tho ladies
i am a slave to this product now.
after my mom asked if i had got botox
this one is my new favorite
me and my mom did this mask yesterday.
my wedding is coming up soon
bought the set for my mom for christmas
i wasn't even shopping for this--i was getting a caudalie item
especially when mother nature throws a surprise at me
am a make up artist so to say i've tried more product
i got this mask in the mask a holic 5 mask set
while you are reading this i was sitting in the tub
7 ounce bottle on a dating website for $16
i went to my local sephora
i am 55 years old
om people are now complimenting my skin
i am obsessed with this mask!
little kids run in terror
leave it in for 30 mins
first purchased this for my daughter for christmas since we had just visited irel
she is a makeup officienado and loved it.
this is definitely a keeper!
my skin was saved
only downfall is i did use this on my boyfriend
liked it so much- ordered a jar.
this is now one of my favorites from any br
i recently bought the mask-a-holic kit
am known to be wearing nothing in the house
i am on my second jar of this stuff
new favorite mask ever!!
one of my favorite mask
as others i started using el in my twenties
i doubt that that el has to have ppl write fake reviews the product speaks for itself
i've had my cousin who has extreme sensitive skin to try it
i am 31 and was exhausted trying new products.
i went to new york and broke out tremendously.
night along with my clarisonic mia
until a recent trip to new york.
i got this as a gift
i gave 4 stars as it cleans ok
i am amazed when old school products beat out new ones
if this product were a man
i would definitely be asking him to marry me
when i was a teen i was introduced to this line.
i absolutely love this bar soap.
it was a miracle for my teenage skin at the time
my mom had to school me on it
she told me it made an appearance in annie hall because diane keaton used it
spent on other br
yes i totally bought the foundation from the adele video
boy did i get it
what i love al
my boyfriend also uses this
get in your car
i gave it a whirl
this is my 3rd bottle
i recommended this to a friend
i've even had longtime friends
relatives tell me they've noticed a difference
swam outdoors almost all my life
i am a licensed cosmetology instructor
this was recommended by someone at sephora
after trying numerous br
i keep reading in all the magazines
my fiancé use this
first tried this cleanser as a birthday gift from sephora
this one is by far my favorite
stop using the store br
i got my bff hooked on this too
my 15 year old daughter started using this face wash
i discovered this in the bi birthday gift set awhile back
ive used over 20 face washes in my life time
like many other br
there are other br
i received this cleanser as part of my birthday gift from sephora
i received this a my birthday gift.
this was part of the birth day gift i received from sephora
got this as a free birthday gift
after a month he was a believer
this is my favorite by far.
so this is a great cleanser to use if you drew a cat on your face with a sharpie on halloween
i loved the face wash!
forgot the exact name
ive used this 3 times so far
you'll be in heaven
i mentioned in another review
when i told my sephora consultant
i returned to the store
makeup free pics, here i come :-)
now that i'm in college
i decided to splurge myself
i run the dining room of a fabulous restaurant
i get this for my boyfriend
my boyfriend is such a guy
it is by no means a miracle worker
i don't look like a crazy depressed zombie girl
to other big name br
now that i am in my 50s
i am 59 years old
i don't mind looking my age
if you're a woman of a certain age
the clerk told me she had tried it
i also put it on a 40 year old uncle
as i am getting older
dark circles run in my family
when i went to the store the sales lady told me to take vitamin k along with this product
dad calls me his little raccoon
i finally see good results with power k eye rescue
my husbands nickname for me is raccoon.
my circles are almost completly gone.
a sephora consultant suggested i try this.
so can my family members
im crossing my fingers
i work nights as a nurse
pow she was right on
none worked until i found power k eye rescue
i also gave it to my mother who has dark circles
this eye rescue totally lives up to it's name.
at first i wasn't a fan, but then it grew on me.
it has become my newest obsession
ive heard from a lot of people glam glow products burn
the bottle is a whole different story.
love this cleanser and my husband loves it to
i tried the white
this is by far my favorite
i am a huge fan of their masks
i fell in love!
my hubby of 32 years remarked as i stepped out of the shower "did you do something different to your face?
when i heard my decidedly caveman'ish hubby telling me i looked 'lit from within'
it gives me baby face.
this one is by far my favorite
i tried this after loving their weekly mask
this one is my new favorite!
i am trying the silver bottle now
this is my new favorite
i did my homework over glamglow
only downfall is the fact that the br
i feel like i just walked out of a spa
i started this br
i will be using this till i die
i used it right befor bed
i got a 1oz bottle of this in a glamglow gift said i had purchased
watch for her rave review
this is my absolute favorite
i got a travel size in my stocking for christmas
it was my birthday
one of my favorite products!
like my own spa experience at home :
am panicking because now my roommate is hooked on it
my roommate is approaching 50
25 yo busy mom of two
i docked it one star
and then i found this miracle in a jar.
should've discovered it sooner!
aside from that i love
i swear by this.
fresh has become my favourite skin care br
this product was the first thing a sephora employee recommended to me
if i drank more water i would be all set, lol.
not completely dissapeared them
i love all of the nude products
i fell in love
i recommend it to all my friends
like some other commenters do
as one reviewer said
(i actually asked my husband to sniff my face!
i think more people should be singing its praises
use it though since i am vegan
after the first use i was amazed
i found that nude had come out with a new milk product
i find nude to be hit or miss
i am so glad i discovered this tucked away in a section
i decided to try this on a whim since i love their h
motel soap at best.
i went to twi different stores
my sister in law does
i hve tried a few others
boy was i wrong.
i set out on a cleansing oil expedition.
i washe my fae with my eyes open
i got this product as part of a gift set.
absolutely incredible i am a competitive dancer
this was recommended to me by an employee at sephora
now i'm on my 3rd bottle
i heard about this from caroline hirons
huge fan of the entire immortelle divine line
well, this product has become my hero.
i read an in article that some actress or another loves this stuff
if i had one complaint
i told a man at sephora all the problems my skin was having
i also used on my bikini line
was told by 3 sales people this was the bomb!
keeps me from ever having an outbreak.
this is just another one of perricone products i am addicted to
wished the bottle was bigger.
the sales lady was very helpful
my skin is completely reformed
i told her my skin appeared dull to me.
this would be your friend
i tried this in the store because one of the associates showed it to me
ive worn it with foundation
i initially purchased while talking to the perricone rep in a gift pack
it is my go to for the beach
the spf is just a bonus in my book
i am from mediterranean descent
the lady swore by this stuff
i've beeen an avid perricone user for 10 years.
i am useing this priduct for 3 weeks
i am 21 years old
drunk elephant tlc mask
t mixed with an old cigarette in water
my mom said i was getting more
last one was the drunk elephant c firma
i went back to genius
after i fell in love with the product i read some of the reviews
i tried it on a whim
my husband complimented my me.
gave it to my 45 year old mother
im dreading the day the sample runs out
as i recently entered my 30's
this is my new favorite!
the sample lured me in
i got the genius starter kit to try that
i think i've found a keeper
used it with my genius cream that i had recently purchased
this algenist trial set arrived
i literally cried tears of joy over how my skin is looking
i am nearing the end of my trial kit
decided to write this review
i am purchasing a bottle for my mother as well
after a week of using algenist genius
i am someone who never writes reviews
this one is a keeper
was suggested this by the sephora skin care person
omg my face never burned so much!
both my boyfriend and i did a "w.t.f."
let me address some of the reviews i sow.
the sl there told me that it had great reviews
ummm i only saw one review i got home
used everyday when i traveled to tropical isl
i tried it on my boyfriend
a sales person saw me
she said "oh no honey
i agreed without hesitation.
all you readers too
i discover it thank's to sephora beauty counselor
the my skin felt baby
i asked the girls what product i had to have for my skin
this is definitely a keeper!
this is an awesome mask for teenagers with dry
tbh i had a sample of this and i was shook.
i loved the frothing
i am 35 yrs old
i might recommend it to my teenager son 14 yrs old who is starting to have minimal acne problems
especially since ive been so stressed ive been breaking out all over my chin
my skin was a disaster
maybe with hd or security cameras everywhere or facebook
i got this on a whim.
i've bought this for myself
as a gift for my best friend
don't look at your bank account
don't listen to your friends
who cares if your man sees the reciept
just trust me girl
you gonna glow girl.
my bf said my skin had never looked better
i didn't think this kind of witchcraft existed
being a broke college student
mpressed with this i've ditched my old one
i honestly wish i stared using shiseido a long time ago
2 aunts have been using it for years
mas skin is so smooth for a 93 year old woman
i think i'll splurge at my next birthday on this luxurious cream that lives up to its description
to show up in north america because i love it
i actually found this br
at sephora when i was traveling in france
that is a real gem from this br
i love that rose gold cap.
am totally obsessed with this powder
received this in a set that was a tsv from jm back in august
this is a miracle worker.
i am a josie maran fan
i read all the previous reviews.
i recently saw this on one of the tv shopping networks
it did claim to buff away the skin
i saw this on an tv shopping channel
had tried the mik
i trusted what the sales girl told me
after discovering it on sephora's website i decided to look up reviews
first impressions on youtube
stopped into the friendliest
all around best sephora near me at the mall in columbia
i fell in love
s down one of my favorites bc it leave your sling feeling soft
for me, her products are a blessing.
since i am a big argan oil fanatic
i tried this recently
i wake up loving my skin
i am 38 years old
as well as chicken pox from when i was a kid -- just missed the vaccine
one suggestion: dear lancôme please make the bottle
i will swear by this till i die.
i promise i'm nowhere near wealthy
i just had to write one for the visionnaire skin corrector because i am
omg am i hooked
i remembered i had a skin routine with this product before
i remembered that my face was glowing
i just got mine in the mail today
im on my second bottle.
do i eat cat food in retirement or have great skin now ???
even my jock boyfriend noticed.
was instantly in love
i am 22 years old
my mother is/always has been a huge lancome fan
obviously i'm on a college girl budget
people guess me to be 15 years younger than i am.
i sent my bff a photo of me without makeup
she had seen me at the height of my horror
my teen uses this
i am mid 30s with combo
this one is one of my favorites
this by far is my favorite.
this is probably one of my favorite masks i've ever bought
at home or spa
it was recommended to me while i was shopping
the dermadoctor rep put some of this on my h
never have i ever had a detox mask this amazing.
the woman helping me at sephora recommended this over the glamglo mask
this mask is a hero product for me.
who btw had flawless skin
i heard from a girlfriend about this kakadu mask
once i got over the price tag, i was a fan.
the lady that helped me immediately honed in on what i wanted
i need a sugar daddy to support my sephora addiction
i wanted that glow mama!
i will be keeping it in my kit for bridal parties
i am a flight attendant working in a totally dry environment
i am very self conscious about my face
my daughter said, "mom, your skin is glowing!"
i told them about this miracle in a bottle
being a former derm junkie who went for my regular photo facials now i can honestly skip all that
i looked more alert
told her i'd think about it
then buff it in
my makeup goes on like im a teenager again
i am addicted to this product.
not a miracle worker, but does the job.
i just bought my second jar.
this is a dry skin guys/girls dream!!!
i already loved philosophy's br
my husband loves it.
re-self-diagnosed myself
while i affectionately call this product the name in my title above
a sephora employee recommended this to me for my dry eye area
thank you first aid beauty!
i saw another reviewer mentioned it was too heavy
recommended it to a few friends
my boyfriend loves to use it, too!
was singing about this product
i almost never write reviews reviews
write about this cream despite being a new mom
i took the sephora employee's advice
by far this is my favorite
ive been breaking out so much
which admittedly was an amateur move on my part
sunday riley... you disrespectful.
until something works better this is my forever bedtime lover
i am south asian
this is god sent
this bottle lasts forever
one of the amazing ladies at sephora made me a sample of the luna oil after i told her that i'd been seeing some redness
but man oh man!
om people at work
made my mom buy some too!
for example at one point i had a sample of the drunk elephant t
my best friend is dry
i've heard those claims before."
i've lived my whole life in the west
i like the sunday riley line a lot
this has honestly been one of my best skin care splurges in the longest time
i took this with me on a trip to italy
sunday riley is now my all-time favorite
it's a miracle worker for my skin.
all of my friends noticed
sunday riley is a revelation!
luna has worked very well for that
i am planning to get this for myself inspired by her results
my boyfriend bought me this for christmas.
i just bought my 4th bottle of this.
i am 68 with few lines
most people think i am in mid fifties
i started by purchasing the power couple duo.
even my sister complimented me on my skin
for me this was a mistake.
believe the hype ladies!!!
one good piece of advice i had gotten from the sephora consultant was to work the oil into my skin regimen
it's like mythical unicorn tears.
i am already religious about spf
boy, was i wrong.
did she ever praise it
she told me she'd give me a sample to try it out
there's no denying after my 3rd bottle i am hooked on this product
which i was told was normal from one of the employees
the next day my face is literally a glowing goddess
i swear by it.
i can proudly rave of this one
my girlfriend was so shocked she actually agreed with me that it was a good idea to buy some
she loves patting my face
sunday riley has changed my skin!
i am on my 3 bottle.
ive tried a couple of other products by givenchy
had pretty much given up until a friend told me about cane
recently bought my second bottle to be sure i don't run ou
at the moment fresh's youth cream
it saved my skin and my self confidence.
after a quick skin quiz
when i finished my law school finals
went straight into studying for the california bar exam
even after the exam
i used my first bottle
it didn't cause my oiler spots to become oiler
took their skin identity quiz
received my order and loved using it.
since i have been on my meds
i am definitely ordering another bottle!
i happened upon this product in a magazine
i learned about this serum on one of my favorite beauty blogs
i started using this when i first became pregnant
i am a huge supporter of this
recommend it to all of my friends
here i am reviewing it
i promise you will become addicted
after answering the questionnaire
i like the idea of taking a skin quiz
this is my favorite
i've had compliments from my work colleagues
had mine about 6 mos and still using it.
i am 25 years old
a lady at sephora recommended this to me
so glad the girl at sephora recommended this!!
i am a 21 year old boy
my daughter commented yesterday on pretty my skin was looking
hope this become a staple for ptr fans
i followed the sephora staff member's advice
i ordered my second bottle
this is by far my favorite
never been a big fan of ptr
i wear it while working in the garden
i've have tried everything known to man
i canceled my appointment
bomb for the summer!
i went into sephora one day to buy buxom lip products
i received this in my june sephora play box.
for an oily girl this is great.
i've worn this to a couple of sunny baseball games
then i realized what i was allergic to was on my face
i am devoted to this product!!
i got this after i booked a beauty consultation
the lady at the store recommended this product to us
she totally forgot about the product i have been using daily
live in the southwest
who am about to be 84
then at the indy 500
i fell in love
bought this while on vacation in ny.
acually considering buying this for my sister for xmas
i would recommend this to a friend.
wore it all over croatia
this is my favorite
i am 60+ years young
my only complaint is when i apply my bb cream
i ordered this by accident
this product is a gift from god.
as any skin care girl knows
i believe i've found it
i woke up amazed.
i've recommended this to all my friends
summer time this is a life saver
i will probably shelve for my tidal by sunday riley
i live in a hot
never had it in my teens
one of the sephora girls recommended this to me because i told her that i get super oily
she said this doubles as a primer
i live in texas where the summers are hot
i live in texas where the summers are humid
i even took this with me on a vacation to new orleans
at the ripe old age of nearly 49
i tried this moisturizer on the recommendation of a sephora employee after my go-to was discontinued
i liked the aqua bomb
what the ba told me
this stuff is the bomb!
i am 37 years old
definitely a skin rescue for me!
went walking through an aquarium
every single ethnic girl should own this.
as the title says
at first i was appalled at $30 for 2 oz
i love this as part of my permanent routine
i tried a little on my h
i immediately regretted it
it is a new holy grail for me
i give it 5 stars
when i do use my oil blotter papers
loving this after day 4 of using
the real test is my mother
i told her to try this.
she says it is a miracle.
i'll be faithful, i swear.
i fell in love with this product after a demo by the br
who happened to be in my nearest store
the rep also tested on my 70-year old mom
i work graveyard shift
this is one of my favs
i went traveling with my mom and didn't pack it.
my mom told me it was amazing.
i left the bathroom
i went to the office
i am always in search of the "best" eye treatment
this one is my favorite
my old drugstore br
i got both the aqua bomb
my friend who works at sephora suggested this
soo worth the money im obsessed
this cream is the bomb!
this is now my ride or die.
my first belif bomb was the aqua bomb.
i've recommended this to several friends
welp, i found my one and only.
pregnant everything has decided to go nuts
this is a keeper for sure
i live in florida so sun is always out
whoever said acne ends with adolescent was the liar of all time
never tried it bc i heard one bad review
i tried the aqua bomb also
bye benefit, hello (belief) new best friend!
my coworkers commented how refreshed i looked after taking a vacation
it wasn't the vacation.
i just tried a sample of drunk elephant
my only complaint is that for about 20 mins after i apply it
i even have my husband using it.
my 20 something son tried it after shaving
hungarian water which was a deal a the holidays
i am not loyal to any br
just what my 20 something son said
this is my holy grail going forward
i've never even written a review on sephora
this is what she recommended as her number one cream
i realized that the aqua bomb contained alcohol
so glad i remembered i had a sample of the moisturizing bomb
i just recently started educating myself on skin care
my face looks br
f you are on the fence
i am now on my 4th jar of this
i immediately logged into my sephora app
i remembered i had this on h
my fiancé loves it too after he tried it
i got this in the $20 bestsellers pack
just get it in their bestsellers box like i did
my husband uses it to shave.
i get comments from my sorority sisters all the time now
thank you midwest winters
s that didn't suit my skin
they sent me a free full size moisturizer for being follower of the week
my friend introduced me to this stuff during our last visit to sephora
i fell in love
a lady at sephora introduced me to this brand.
for i have scaring
just used up my 2nd bottle, purchasing my 3rd.
boy that thing had so many chemicals that i was repulsed after a week
i think this is a keeper for me.
a friend suggested i use this after i told her i still hadn't found a moisturizer that would satisfy my super combo/oily skin
i seriously freaked out
i found a great one
i tried the aqua bomb one
i used this while i was living in korea
the girl at sephora recommended this to me
i can't remember the name
i just purchased my third jar of this wonderful product
am always switching between different br
i just wish the company was cruelty-free.
now i am addicted
one of my new favorites.
it is one of my favorites
she bought the aqua bomb and no longer peals.
i pulled this miracle worker out
while i was st
i encountered this trial-size aqua bomb
i religiously apply it day
it lives up to its aqua bomb name.
my daughter who is mid 20's uses it
thanks to this i no longer look like a reptile.
i've aged a bit now that i'm in my mid 30s
i think the aqua bomb does the job in just one application
would i recommend this product to ladies
i came upon this amazing associate named chelsea
she can be found at natick collection
she reccomended me this product
my holy grail at the age of 25.
was recommended this when i got a makeover in the sephora store
told them my concerns
she suggested this stuff
i tried using it to substitute my moistureizer
even my boyfriend begs to use it.
this saved me 10/10 al
've had it since january
come back for more when i venture to other br
so glad the salesperson at sephora recommended this
ever since i was young
i've had this bad boy since january been using it everyday
the girl who helped me swore by it
i already purchased it for my mom for mother's day
i am now a belif customer.
i am on my second jar.
that most ppl have
i am a mask junkie.
im already on my 3 buy and it works wonders.
after the first time i used it my friend commented
i slept around 4am
my aunt told me i must've slept well because my face was glowing
since i've been using this br
haven tried many br
this is my favorite mask, ever.
my skin still thinks i'm a teenager
i am loving this mask.
my 5 year old loves to peel this off from my face
i want to bathe myself in it
this is by far my favorite
i never leave reviews!
not an expensive name-br
chose to go with the aqua bomb
in my opinion it's the same as their true cream aqua bomb
the aqua bomb is loved by many
my sis tried it
this product is a dream.
so i asked for it for mother's day.
was rather horrified at the process
let me preface by saying
it's not a miracle worker
the sephora girl recommended this
then one day while strolling through the mall a nice young lady asked if i wanted to try anything
i saw the advertisement
oh i forgot to mention that i also had racoon eyes
origins has made this green bottle my morning
night religiously since the age of 16
after years of trying everything from chanel to fredericksen
i got the gold
its a winner for me
total winner for me!
i ended up passing it along to my daughter
this is my favorite face oil
younger than my high school graduation pictures
my lashes are loving it
by the 3rd use i noticed people started complimenting my skin
colleagues asked if i'd been on vacation or was happy
even my husband has noticed!
my skin changed when i hit my twenties
i am in my second bottle
i am a maskaholic and got this on a whim.
my friend that is a sephora employee recommended this product to me
one of the sephora ladies introduced this to me in store
at first i was thinking $39!?
this has saved my skin.
boy the two work wonders
they charged me $44 for it i showed them glam glow
this is my favorite oil
i mean broke college student here.
i am still young
i've never wrote a review on sephora before
boy is this miraculous
this was my favorite
i recently purchased my second bottle.
i am a believer now
then this as a topper
this is my 2nd jar.
i now use genius at night
recently moved from a dry city to houston
living in a bitterly cold place
i am keeping it
i am 44 yrs young
my daughter is a teenager who has extremely sensitive skin
this has become one of my favorites
a lovely sephora associate recommended first aid
my ski feels great
took this on a trip with me to costa rica in the middle of summer
i live in hawaii
even if it's just walking from the parking lot to my office
i love first aid beauty!
anyone on this website shopping
thank you first aid beauty, now i've found it!
as a fair skinned woman
boy i was wrong
i am in my 60.
recommended it to my friend with oily skin
my new fave mask!
this is the dupe for you
100% happy with my money spent.
i asked the store associate about it
i work at a restaurant making food so when i get home
i reluctantly added this as a 3rd sample since it was either this or perfume
i started out using the glamglow since my cousin recommended it
this is officially my favorite
it immediately became one of my favorites!
boy am i glad i did
this stuff is the bomb!
i immediately bought online after i tried it
my husband asked me to buy him one as well.
i am obsessed with this mask!
the heavens have blessed us.
even got my teenage brother to use it
bonus that my boyfriend also likes how it works for him
stop and read this review!!!!!
googled dupes for that mask
found that sephora has a dupe
i stick to buying name br
this is my favorite mask!!!
i chose sephora collection br
just purchased yesterday after it was recommended by the girl at sephora
after one use, i'm obsessed!
i just purchased my third tub of this
you're bf acting up?
your annoying co-workers
that girl that won't stop putting heart eyes under pictures of your man
stop wasting your time reading reviews
i am obsessed with this!
i do recommend this to a friend
bought this for myself
check out other sephora br
im falling in love with this
i read about the bubble mask on refinery 29.
like another reviewer talked about
i read read the reviews about this
the woman who reviewed it stated that she used it afterwards it was a lot easier for her to clear out her ports
like i stated earlier
this one is my favorite
place it in the fridge
great buy for girls nights.
i would recommend this mask to friends
i took it with my friends on a cuban vacation
i used it on top of my kate somerville age arrest mask
im a 19 year old that wears makeup daily!
ive been using this morning
i fell in love
i think i found a winner
omg - it works wonders.
i wore a knit sweater to work
after consulting with the staff at sephora i decided to try this
i am obsessed with korean beauty secrets.
it was a splurge based on a recommendation from a friend
"i've never written a review in my life until now"
which are honestly from texting
as a fan of the origins br
i wish i hadn't spent money on both
i found this night-a-mins oil to be really lightweight
the night-a-mins help.
this stuff is a miracle worker.
in my haste in ordering
i tried a few other br
this one is a keeper.
as it had been mine
learned about it on the sephora site
i am 43 years old with some fine lines
it's like a trip to the spa.
this product saved my skin
i looked like i slept so well
my favorite mask so far!
i am totally addicted!
this is keeper for me!
the girl in sephora was right
just as i was browsing to see if my fabulous hgs were pulled
i saw this newbie
i am constantly on the hunt for a "holy grail"
she said she knew i'd be back
i got this as a gift from my friend
my mom are now all hooked because of me
it saved my skin
my daughter works at sephora.
she came home with this product as part of her gratis
i credit that to not smoking
it was referred by a sephora employee.
i look like i'm 85 years old
the employee who helped me
after convincing myself not to call kim kardashian's plastic surgeon
knew this was a reliable br
this mask is one of my favorites.
a sephora employee introduced me to this repair cream
i fell in love!
now i am obsessed!
as a mature woman who's tried every cream on the market
i heartily recommend this one
her line is one of my absolute faves!
i've tried so many of her skin care items.
this cream has been my life saver!
my boyfriend looks forward to it at night
she directed me to this product
i gave this to my sister.
after reading the reviews
i am still young
this is my favorite
this is one of my favorite masks.
excellent mask, given i'm a huge glamglow girl!
i tried this product based on a recommendation from a friend
even my mom has asked to borrow it a few times!
im hooked on it
i am an avid fresh user
a sephora employee recommended it to me
from using glam glow masks for years i wasn't jumping for joy
i put some of my drunk elephant syrums
i think the previous reviewer got the wrong mask.
i've even recently searched shelves for the "blue st ives mask--remember that?
i even gave some to my teenage cousin to try
it has become my favorite
i gave this product only 4 stars
this is amaze balls!
so for my sensitive ladies
i beg of you: give this one a shot
i'd even gotten a compliment from a coworker on said "glow" of my skin the next day of my first use
she took me to the caudalie section
said her friend who has huge pores swears by this product
a lovely sephora employee recommended this product to me while i was there stocking up on my favourite caudalie products
i recently paid a visit to my dermatologist due to my 34 year old problematic skin
i gave all of my products that weren't up to par with the ones my derm provided away to my younger sister who doesn't have my postpartum skin issues
i just came back from china
this mask was recommend to me by a sephora employee for my mom
my dads tried it
my brother has tried it
so has my sister
50 year olds to teenagers can use this
i am loving all the new masks from caudalie
as the lady who helped me in the skincare section recommended
i would recommend this product to a friend
i tried this one because my daughter bought it for me
this is my favorite mask
a friend gave me a rather generous sample that lasted months
this caudalie mask are best friends
like you just drank like a gallon of water
i told my sister because she also has dry patched
also for the men in my life
this mask has saved my life!
this one is by far my favorite
i used it on my boyfriend since he has large pores
i ran out to my fiancé
since then i've grown to love it
a lady recommended me a $72 clay mask
my sister mentioned her recent usage of the glamglow version
this mask was recommended by my freind
my mom gave this to me as a gift.
i also use this in my beard
i swear you could drop this stuff on an egyptian mummy
talked with a sales representative about my dry
i am obsessed with it
neck is taken care of
wont look super old one day
sunday riley is the best!
this is the first product i have tried from sunday riley
like ballet dancing while you're doing your face.
am a huge fan of anything rose related in skincare
i love rose in general
boom when i arrive
i am not over-exaggerating
this mask is a must-have if you live in upstate ny in winter
i asked the sales rep for a recommendation
she gave me a sample of this little baby
i came across this around the time korean beauty was being promoted in sephora
i put this one for 10 mins
it's a keeper for me!
which i appreciate since i wear glasses
this stuff is the bomb
i've had friends tell me the wonders of oil cleansing with olive oil
i live in a cold part of the country
i am glad i stumbled about this gem.
now i am an expert
i am always trying new br
please try this ladies it is a keeper
ordering myself a new jar of erborian
i am obsessed with korean beauty secrets.
this erborian is my fave
i'd heard about oil cleansing through a friend
i am an oil cleansing enthusiast
i got this a a present from my boyfriend
bought myself this product
i look fwd to each night
the adult version of "no tears"
i tried this at a mask event in the store
already bought my 4th bottle!
it has saved my undereye.
in my case it's a must and a winner.
so i am writing this review for him.
i read all the reviews
foundation that i've ever heard of
i am a product junkie
never having heard of the company
i liked that this was described as "clarifying"
at first i was skeptical
i might switch back to drunk elephants lala whipped cream that is amazing stuff
a sephora staffer recommended this line to me
this is my favorite
you only get one ounce
i took a "before" pic of my eyes
took a pic after 7 weeks
i don't know if i'm hallucinating
wanted to get somethings to prevent aging
she was dead on!!
i wish it was in a jar
my worst critic lol
one of her complaints always been
this stuff is so bomb.
perfect for when i am traveling
have recommended to family and friends.
the girl was ranting
being the product junkie i am
however i am a true lover of the entire boscia line
i think it would be much better just as a bar of soap like the drunk elephant bar
my boyfriend already has really great skin
he just called me on his lunch break to tell me that his skin is the best hes ever seen it
i love the bottle
great for home and travel.
i am in my 20's
i don't have any issues with the products i traveled with this to d
have already recommended to friends/family
introduced me to this beauty
my daughter uses this regularly as well
i just bought it for myself as birthday gift.
i even got my brother to do it with me!!
i am a boscia and charcoal fan.
when i received this i immediately thought of my clarisonic
this is my favorite!
my friend kept telling me
via some crazy sorcery
my lovely friend gifted this to me
it is my miracle in a bottle!
i got this as part of a promotion
as someone mentioned it reminds me of h
was skeptical of this h
i keep mine in the fridge
somethings which the tsubaki never did for me
the fountain of youth has met its match!
i am approaching my fish decade
regularly have young women in their 20s
i got carded today
love it works greats
this one is a delight.
i miss my porcelain skin from my younger years
it inspired me to use the same skin cleansing regiment as this person
i am hooked now
even my boyfriend noticed it
i am 33 years old
i wish i took a before photo
i am glowing in a way i have not seen since photos of me as a teenager after my acne cleared up
you know something's good when ur man sees you walk out the shower
literally 1 of my fave things i've bought from sephora
4 years post-high schooler skin
i followed the instructions
saw a girl on tumblr say that she uses it on her
t is literally baby soft
which i am huge fan of
i will be keeping this bad boy around forever
i am a bit of a tanning addict
when summer hits i like to bake
ive learned my lesson
and buffs away dead skin
i tried this as a recommendation from one of the associates in store
this is my favorite mask of all time.
this one is my favorite
i've also recommended it to my best friend who is oily
to my brother who is combination
i need to sing the praises of this mask
i've always been a fan of glamglow since i tried youthmud
now i am a fan for life :-
i will preface by saying i'm a big glamglow fan
they are synergists for eachother
this stuff is bomb.
my favorite mask at the moment.
this one is by far my favorite
this is one of my favorites out of the glamglow masks
i never leave reviews
my daughter uses them on her elbows
i commute to my job in new york daily.
since i am already on retin-a
it was driving me crazy
i even had my 30 yr old dgtr try it
she bought it too
although it looks like a mens line
i read the reviews
i read the reviews
i bet my husband would like them, too.
i think i've found my new beauty secret.
bought these for my boyfriend because he never washes his face
family tell me that as well
my boyfriend came home from work
tried it on my date night with my hubby
my family asked if i'd had a mini face lift after i used this wonderful product
i love using it before special occasions.
perfect for short-lived social or dating events.
for an older user like my mom
i've always been a product junkie
i've gotten all of my friends hooked on it.
i am constantly traveling
this company really st
i am a 67 year old
this product lives up to its name.
genetics working for me
i would've liked to have inspected it myself in store
this one has to be one of my absolute favorites
this was the winner
this is my new favorite mask!
this is easily my favorite mask
it was my favorite
this is my absolute favorite mask.
this is one of my favorites i've tried!
heard about it on youtube
waited the 10 minutesas stated on the bottle
men i missed so many goodies from origins!!
heard about this mask from a girl i follow on instagram
she was raving about this mask
i got this mask in rewards bazaar.
my favorite mask ever!
went online to read the reviews
this mask is my savior when my skin has been acting up
am so glad i splurged
it's like clear improvements girlfriend <3
i am always on the hunt
later that day a family member asked what i was using on my face bc it looked so good
i love the sent of rose
this mask is my savior
it freaked me out
this one is by far my favorite
i got this as a birthday present
recently got this for my friend as well as a gift
my best friend blessed me with a large sample she received on black friday while we visited sephora
this is my favorite
now my boyfriend won't stop kissing my face because it's so soft
my boyfriend which he has pretty bad skin
this mask is one of my favorites ever!
this mask is a god send!
i am not a mask person.
that was when i re-read the instructions!
i'd say this is one of my favorites
my boyfriend just recently complimented me on how beautiful my skin looks
this product is definitely a keeper.
a saleswoman recommended this one
i love that they are a cruelty free br
my favorite is the rose mask
i love this sleeping mask!
it is truly a miracle worker!
it was an impulsive my
my skin just drank it in!
i personally loved the rose mask!
i love these masks, especially after a flight.
each one is a favorite
i buy the green one for my niece all the time because it really helps with her acne
i got the orchid mask in a christmas set
i've searched youtube on recommended products
a friend of mine recommended these masks
i love this sleeping mask!
my boyfriend also tried it
the lotus mask was a miracle worker for my dry
i read rave reviews about lingzhi
defiantly don't regret it
the pearl is by far my favorite
i've tried the rose one and it feels soo good!!
love all the sleeping masks.
woke up to baby skin!!!
i ordered every single one .
i love this sleeping mask.
after using it i have become addicted
i swear by them.
i absolutely love the rose mask!!!
the pearl is my favourite by far
initially i ordered them because my skin was soo dry
i read the reviews
then i saw this product on sephora's website
i am actually oil free
this is my absolute favorite.
my coworker raved about it
this is my absolute favorite
i've even recommended it to many of my friends
definitely one of my faves!
saw a beauty blogger using this
it worked miracles for me!
i even used it on my daughters skin
she says she feels fancy when she uses it.
the sales associate showed me this sephora br
nonetheless i recommended a few of my friends this product
i've went through my fair share of drugstore
like i mentioned before
this is my favorite for three reasons
as i mentioned earlier in my review
this has saved my skins life !
i've tried one from the drugstore
i listened to the advice of the cosmetologist
no longer feeling like an older woman at 31:
i leave it on for 30 mins.
im definitely stocking up on this!
or so as i iron my clothes
i tried a bottle of this stuff
im 34 and a totally skin care junkie.
my face looks like 5 yrs
even though my body gained 4 lbs over vacation
it is in my dna because my mother has the same cheeks
perfect for my 46 yr old skin!
i found myself over washing
reminded myself to get on the computer
she was going through chemo treatment
now i buy a jar for her birthday
just like the name
and this has saved my life and my skin.
i am in my 30's
i discovered clinique when i was about 15
i ordered this one
since i'm a beer oily person originally
he is the pickiest person alive
he has finally found a heavy moisturizer that he loves
my fav product to date
the reason i gave it 4 stars
i will update with pictures after the whole 8 wks
i am 44 and my eye area is a problem area.
she is 48 and now she looks 4 years younger.
makeup since i was a preteen
she wouldn't show me.
ma that looks i'm of age to be their parent
smoking is the worst
collegaen is destroyed that my sister in law one would guess her age over 70 or 80
the manager at sephoria thought she could guess my age
men have more collegaen then women as to support a beard
i post lots of makeup pics on instagram
here are my observations so far:1
i love this machine
i am back in bliss
a male colleague told me my eyes look tighter today
this was my birthday splurge.
first one died after one use
then it totally died i thought it was not charged
haven't heard from anyone
got many compliments from co-workers
i loved the drops
this was literally my lifesaver
since i'm not a big fan of foundations
my facialist was blown away
i first bought the radiance loved that so recently purchased the anti-aging
i've recommended it to several of my friends already
tried it out of curiosity
the tile of my bathroom where it fell looks amazing
i am a cast member
recommending to all my friends
i found a new nemesis
i am lucky enough to be mistaken for being in my 20's
one of the ladies at sephora recommend this to me when i told her that i have sensitive irritant skin
i received this as a b-day gift in january from a family member
i am constantly around people at my job
i actually came on sephora's website to do my own research
i am a product junkie
this winter i became hooked on ptr products
bought this after reading product description in one of my bajillion emails from sephora
i decided to wonder off into other br
my saleswoman recommended this and i love it!
this takes the cake!
boy was i proved wrong
it was suggested by a sephora employee that was doing my makeup
went with it because my friend loves ptr products
my dear friend in hs suffered from acne
this stuff is the bomb.
one of my favorite anti aging
i just bought my second jar
i've tried many other br
the added bonus of spa 30 makes this a keeper.
a saleslady recommended this product to me
a male friend even said i have "porcelain doll skin"
have been using sunscreen religiously since my late teens
i am a low-maintenance make-up gal
i love this stuff-- i was using the original miracle worker
thanks to a beauty adviser's recommendation i tried this
this is my first time writing a review on sephoras website
have told all of my friends about it
i am fan of different br
after i applied my foundation
i call that a miracle.
this stuff was my savior
please stop posting reviews by wushu washy people who love to return things
this has been a life saver for me
my boyfriend just got a new tattoo
it did such a great job on his tattoo
that's a winner for me!
so the lady at sephora recommended this.
i read the reviews
giving out as gifts to my friends
i am on my second jar
mine got to my house almost burnt looking
it's changed my life!!
she is in her mid 60's.
she just looks younger.
she constantly comments on how good her skin feels
i originally bought this when i was living in the cold temps of vail colorado
have since moved to california
havent had a new breakout
i think it has al
and now back to it and my skin is a happy camper.
it's at the top of my wish list
am living in a very humid climate
so glad i gave it a go after a sephora clerk recommended it to me
shocked by this product since i've tried a few other products from this br
i am on my 3rd jar.
being a nursing student i hardly get sleep
too much sun in my teens
i loved the instant firming of my undereyes.
i am in my early forties
i started getting comments from my boyfriend
luckily i found this
the things that really age a woman
this is by far my favorite
i accidentally bought the wrong jar.
i wanted the divine youth one that comes in a yellow jar
i am a fan of the entire line!
just bought my 2nd jar
almost like asian medicine for those who know
this is a blessing in a jar!
i can see results immediatly.
yes the dark circles are better despite my night owl infant
i am on a long journey of finding the right skincare as many ladies at my age
i am using this along with l'occitane precious cream
i am in love with my l'occitane immortelle eye balm
my boyfriend enjoyed it
this is my 2nd jar
works well for my 45 year old skin.
definitely going on my christmas list
on the jar i just bought
it was something he would never have bought himself
living in the desert
i gave this to my mom as a gift for mothers day
she is hooked too
ive been trying in vain to find a great moisturizer
have absolutely fallen in love
man was i wrong
i know this br
just bought my 2nd tub
every woman should own this
i first decided to try this cream after a dermatologist's suggestion in blueprint magazine
my mom has incredible skin
since i introduced her to it
i am 61 yrs old
it is excellent for women (and men!)
my family has been using this cream forever.
this is the bomb
i am addicted with sheet masks
this is one of my favorite products i've ever tried from sephora
i ordered this on a whim just because dr
jart is one of my favorite br
holy cow i freaking love it
so my good friend recommended this mask
with this pregnancy i have broken out so much
i am on my 2nd tube.
the green is my favorite.
you save about $5 cad.
i loved the green
the green is my favorite
my favorite is the white one
okay ladies listen up!
i did not luck out in this department
it was the truth.
amaze you within 2 nights
i really hope sephora never stops carrying dr
one of my new fav br
leave on for 10 mins
it would be a great gift for a younger teen/20's who takes care of skin
i just literally bought this today after reading reviews
boy am i glad i did.
one tube seems to last forever.
afterwords my face was instantly
a friend brought this on a trip
said goodbye to my peter thomas roth
my boyfriend even enjoys using this face wash.
t loses one star there
asked by the rep if i had just had a facial
granted i am only 26
i am just being proactive:
i look years younger
this product is heaven on earth!!
sephora associate ensured me this won't
when i rechecked the price, i am so sad!
i give it only 4 stars because i got a couple white mila on my face-
the biggest complaint is the bottle.
as my 40th birthday approached i noticed the beginnings of fine lines
she loved the formula
i liked the sunday riley
when they raised the price the woman at sephora recommended this product to me
good news: i asked the br
have read conflicting reports
i wish i'd had had this product in my forties
as i read in another reviewer's suggestion
then when i got the chance to use this bad boy i was speechless
i live with a sensitive nosed boyfriend
i like it as one of the beauty blog recommended.
the lady told me it has japanese lotus in it that what the scent comes from
it was new at the store
i keep it in the fridge
trust me: best kept secret!
my friends even commented
thank you kenzoki for my "life saver" mask!
i keep mine in the fridge
got this eye cream for my birthday
i tried this after reading glowing reviews
meet me up for dinner asked me what i used
how this line was developed for pregnant women
i tried this on a whim
for me it worked miracles
i am a customer for life.
i am on my 3rd bottle and still love it.
this was recommended to me by one of the skin professionals at my local sephora in kansas city
this has been a life saver
this has been a life saver
my skin has been freaking out
on my latest sephora visit
after explaining my woes to the gentleman in the skincare department
which gave me my first allergic reaction ever
i will prob try to snag another trial size :
this is my favorite.
my fiancee even uses it and loves it!!
this was my intro lancer purchase
was recommended drunk elephants framboos night serum
had a few recent beauty splurges as i am a mask junkie
this cream has saved my skin thanks to a sephora manager who recommended it to me when i asked for a good aha cream
i got a holiday gift card
i am a lancer devotee
i once had a consultation with dr
i get compliments regularly
this was recommended to me when i visited sephora to pick up some ole henriksen truth serum
the woman who helped me
i think she was actually a lancer rep?
told me about this
this nice sales women turned me on to this product
i got complimented by 2 different make up artists
praises i found this cream!
this one is by far my fave
my boyfriend uses it too and loves it.
one of my ultimate favorites!
browsing the sephora store today
my sister has a strictly dry skin type
this product was in one of my sephora favorites sets
got introduced to this cream by my friend
4 of my other friends also bought this item after trying mine lol
the results spoke for themselves
when asked for my "secret"
our niece all use it religiously
night i was hooked
almost baby-like skin
my husband has oily skin and he loves it :)
simply i abused my skin
received this in my luna mini 2 set
i read other reviews
so far i'm loving all the masks that came in mask-a-holic
even my boyfriend could feel the difference
it awakens my face
i got this mask in the mask-aholic set
i really love origins intensive drink-up overnight mask
having my own experience
your skin is just thanking you
to a $150 face cream that i was talked into at my local beauty boutique
i didn't have a complaint about this mask
especially because i am currently at home with a newborn
i am 30 years old
especially for my age
this has become my holy grail moisturizer after a close friend recommended it to me
i should mention i clean my face with drunk elephant bar soap
this product is vegetarian
i am on my second jar
i hate seeing an older woman with tons of makeup
have fallen in love
i wish i had taken before
as others have spoken about
i stuck to my desi roots
yes i am admitting that i am getting old :p
been getting compliments from my fan club at the gym about how my skin is looking so fresh
ladies get on this
boy am i glad i did
the friend i gave it to like it
i never write review
i work outdoors everyday of the year in oilfields of new mexico-needless to say my skin gets quite abused
this is my new favorite br
i am almost done with my first bottle
i am not joking
even when i was a teenager
praying this never gets discontinued.
got this on the recommendation of a sephora employee
recommending to all my friends who suffer from my same ailments
boy was i right!
i seriously am all about the face bar
picked this soap up on a whim at a shop in vancouver
since it's not liquid i can pack it in my suitcase when i travel to save room in my toiletries bag
body ever since i was 10 years old
this bar soap is seriously amazing.
i came across this br
i love this soap bar.
keeps my skin looking 10 years younger than my age
i love this soap bar
this one is a keeper!
i got this from a friend who it didn't work from
hers is just oily
this soap has me hooked.
love this soap, it's my new favorite!
i don't think i'll be repurchasing since this isn't a miracle worker
having a horrible college experience with jack daniels
i got a little tiny sample from my mom which she got in her ipsy
it cleared my skin tremendously i'm a teen
i swear this has changed my life.
i've tried everythingggg from the drugstore
this product saved me!
i love the bottle
i am not huge on writing review
thought i had to return the favour to other beauties
i found my skin is changing as i am growing older
i found it on the site
my husband also uses it.
i like it so much i just ordered the orchid oil for daytime use
i've written maybe one review before.
it's been horrible ever since i had babies
from reading reviews i thought i would give this item a shot
boy did this product do justice for my acne
this one is a keeper!
i recently heard of the hype for herbivore products
herbivore definitely made a happy customer out of me
even on my pillow
this brand is seriously a god send.
since starting to wean my second kid
i am 45 years old.
my husband also uses it and is loving it.
obsessed with this oil.
the bottle classes up a bathroom no problem
while i am sleeping
nothing from hb ever has
wow i am blown away!
i am 27 years old
i always thought acne was something you only had to deal with as a teenager
lapis oil came to the rescue
i got this for my daughter after trying everything under the sun
this says alot since i live in the devil's armpit
my roommate purchased this oil
i love the whole line of drunk elephant it really has changed my skin
the star is of course the oil.
this is how i came across herbivore
i got this as a gift from my boyfriend
who accidentally bought it instead of the lapis oil
i am a skin care junkie.
decided to search for an all natural br
the youth to the people face wash
which i am all about
the phoenix oil is by far my favorite
none has delivered results like this bad boy
looks chic in my cabinet
my skin survived my commute through 20 degree weather
my coworker even asked what i was using.
use it everyday, my favorite for face godliness.
since i started using phoenix
a change of routine is practically spelling disaster
it was a god-send when i was on accutane
i should've googled it
had the phoenix oil for awhile which i also love.
i am in my mid-forties
i stumbled across this br
this is by far my favorite one
this lovely oil has been a life saver for my skin
my friend recommended this product to me
brought this item for the wife
herbivore smashed it with this one
mad props to herbivore for this one.
it works to compliment the phoenix oil i apply at night
even from my adult kids which surprised me
i swear i look 10 years younger
i will be a lifelong lover.
it makes me feel like a princess!
have loved every herbivore product i have purchased so far
my co workers have too
this is one of my favorites!
my teen daughter has used it for 2 weeks now
i am a mask junkie.
one of my favorite masks
i love how my skin looks…well done herbivore
reminds me of my beloved tata harper resurfacing mask- less glow though
on day 5 i was absolutely obsessed.
then i read the reviews
i work in a pool
this is definitely a holy grail item for me.
tried this after watching youtube tutorials on skin care
from the first use i was obsessed
i never leave reviews
i followed the instructions
will get this as christmas gift for my mother
i am a skincare fanatic due to my horrible skin
this is by far my favorite mask
i actually asked my mom to touch my face
this has got to be my favorite
my boyfriend used it
i've never written a review before
i've recommended it to all of my friends
i contacted herbivore reps
ended up in a gg nightmare
this has to be one of my favorite masks ever.
this is a miracle worker.
this is a miracle worker.
i even emailed the company
however, my friends and family did.
they have turned me into a loyal costumer of theirs
day- incredible under bb stick foundation
this stuff is the bomb!
i am a mask junkie
this is only my 2nd ever review
the lady suggested i start wearing eye cream
he grew up working on sport fishing boats
i recently bought this after reading reviews
i am loving this eye cream
i recently moved to a drier climate
oh my god did i just age myself with my jury line?
have never used this br
i am not one to waste
decided to go with a natural br
i just ordered a jar and told all of my friends.
you made this skeptic a believer!!
i swear i just watched my bags disappear
have never commuted to an eye cream
i fell in love
after only a short time my 18 year old son actually noticed a difference
purchasing my second jar as we speak
a co-worker has been telling me i look "rested"
i read all the reviews
i loved the idea of their farm-to-face origins
i just started using this br
i am 28 years old
i found this little gem
i wish i had taken a before photo when i started using this product
my skin he's been at its best ever since
before the drunk elephant marula oil at night
it's like my skin just drank from the fountain of youth
to help with the daily abuse that my h
it is my favorite.
this has made me a believer.
i am in my 50"s
to my surprise and delight, it has been working!
winter in the north east
people have started commenting on how "glowing" my skin is
i am a true fan of the drunk elephant products in general
give drunk elephant a chance
i am only using one br
since using this i have gotten compliments from family members
decided to give drunk elephant a try
i heard about c firma by a beauty blogger back in november for the vib sale
i went with good genes instead because the blogger preferred it
then started reading things on the internet
so i took my worries to the internet to no avail.
being the obsessed girl about ingredients
i am on my second bottle and loving it.
s have after you play with a basketball"
most reviews i read were from ravers
i received the trial sizes cuz they were finally in stock
i stand by every product by drunk elephant!
im obsessed with the brand!
i am 24 years old
buffet by the ordinary
s i have tried
i used this religiously
live in a desert climate
people asked if i got a tan!
'm guessing i had an older bottle
it's definitely my new favorite br
life changing for me!
i would give tiffany masterson the biggest hug if i ever got a chance to meet her
i am on a tight budget
she told me confidentially that she herself uses de
i think drunk elephant is sephora's best skin care br
thank you drunk elephant for producing ethical
the only reason i docked a star is the smell
i recently took a trip overseas
took it on vacay with me
it is my go-to travel companion
monthly beauty bag subscriber to a few different br
this is my second tub of this
this one's a winner for me.
am on my 3rd or 4th jar.
it was my favorite item this month.
my boyfriend noticed that my face is glowing more than usual
my husband keeps touching my face.
the name of the br
she tolled me she loved this gel very much
my 50 yr old face
trust me, i'm a rogue skincare junkie :).
this makes me feel like mrs doubtfire when she dips her face in whipped cream
if you're old school
this itty bitty bottle will last up to a year!
sharing it with your boyfriend
i got this product on a whim
my boyfriend is a low-maintenance person who doesn't like a lot of steps
i am addicted to it
s my 13-year-old daughter i have combination skin
when i was a kid
iam in my early 20
this was the first of the "too cool for school" br
always had combination skin since i was a teenager
my friend said it works
i always stock a ton when i go back to asia.
i fell in love
it began in elementary school for me
this is a miracle worker
m not surprised this is a winner
ive been recommending it to any one
i am a mask junkie
i recently tried this
switched to this serum because the woman selling it looked mid-30s
have taken care of myself
would love to delay the powers of age
a 60 year old guy at that
told me i was radiant
be faithful to this am
my husband has noticed as have others.
where has this gem been hiding?
this is a god send.
was horrified at how i've aged in just days
i went online to search around
i got my mom one because she doesn't take am are of her skin
mom had obvious results
i love shopping at sephora.
i look young for my age
she loves this more than her 200 dollar face serum that she purchases from her dermatologist
have tried just about every eye cream known to man
this product is a winner in my book.
it's been sitting in my "loves" for a while
box and i am obsessed!
i am obsessed with this eyecream
i wish i had pictures.
probably all from lack of sleep since i'm a grad student
got this as a gift
this one is a keeper for me!
until i spoke with a rep in store who convinced me to try it
this is my favorite product evvveeerrr
my skin spazzed out
even my mom said it
like a face of a new born baby!
now my texas beauty mark is gone
remembered i was using this.
told me it was a miracle serum
i did my research
only one star off bc of the cost.
the name escapes me
i been struggling with my best friend dark spot
so a friend of mine advice me to try this
i went for a week vacation to the bahamas in august
except for when i was younger apparently
my bf has also noticed and says i look younger.
remember sephora has a liberal return policy
purchased my 2nd bottle
this is a miracle in a bottle
ive heard i have to take a break afyer using so long
ive reached out to other items
this is truly a miracle-worker.
had to buy my own because hers is done
4 stars only be coz of the price.
i heard about this br
so after discovering the name of this "condition
i did a couple of research
i brought it with me on a european vacation.
i am 40 years old
ever since i was a young teen
s i read on a review below that someone is using this with their battery operated brush- that is not a good idea- just fyi
i am an avid clarasonic user
even my esthetician commented on how clear my skin was last time i went to see her
bought this along with mia 2
i am in my mid thirties
after a long journey i found out about the miracles that bha is capable of
i love trying new scrubs!
i ordered this one after reading a recommendation by a dermatologist in an article
this was recommended to me
my boyfriend never washes his face
last month i left one in montreal
consider myself on the young-ish side to use dr
i brought this face wash for my son.
the lovely lady who does my facials is a die hard fan of the murad line
after a friend recommended it
now that i shop at sephora
look younger then my actual age
now that i'm in my mid thirties
it's been my favorite addition to my skin care routine
after i finished my korean cleaning oil i decided to give caudalie a try
i should preface this by saying
i learned it's marked up over 50% when it crosses the atlantic to the u
but this stuff is the bomb.
not by this br
this quickly rose to hg rank for me!
this is the winner
i am an oil cleansing aficionado.
i am a huge caudalie fan
after i was introduced to them by a salesperson at ulta
i'll be a sad sad girl if this is ever discontinued
origins is really one of my favorite go-to br
i read a few reviews about this line
i recently bought the bioderma br
my bottle was fine
i've already recommended this product to my friends
this face wash is legendary
told them my concerns
my boyfriend thought i had foundation on after i had just washed my face
i decided to purchase this one after demoing it on my h
i am a face wash connoisseur.
i love this br
com started selling this gem
i ditched the br
i remembered it being reliable
temple until i found this
i began using it as a teenager.
the one complaint i have about this
that was my mistake.
both me and my husband use it.
i then decided to try sephora br
my esthetician was surprised at how good my skin looked
you can check out my sisters ig account: raquellyss she has a post on her skin
suddenly at the age of 40
got on birth control
my sister initially purchased it
my sister tried this out
i made this mistake
nothing has ever worked- prescriptions
sales associate told me all i needed was this cleanser
i am 25 year old female
i tried everything in the drugstore
this has saved my skin and my life!
my teenagers love it!
my friend bought this for me after i got breakouts
my sister has dry skin
this will be a keeper in my makeup collection!
i forgot my cleanser on a vacation this year
so ordered my 2nd bottle
i started using fullfill a week ago on my smile
this one is definitely a keeper.
thank you sunday riley!
i am using this around my eyes
walking away looking like a different person
the results from fullfill have granted all my skincare wishes
i am going to give all my friends a bottle for the holidays
i love sunday riley.
i love love blue moon.
i followed it up with farsali unicorn essence
luna sleeping night oil
as a mother of two i find the entire routine so soothing
i also follow it with sunday riley sleeping oil
thank good for sunday riley.
guard this with your life
use it religiously because this is youth in a bottle
i am a recent convert to sunday riley skin care
i follow with son and park beauty water.... love!
with sr pulling products i have fallen madly in love with
i leave it on my skin for 5 mins.
i would marry this balm if it were legal.
my skin isn't gasping for life after i use it
is now my most favorite
i am seriously obsessed.
thank you sunday riley!
this is my absolute favorite
since i'm always hearing rave reviews about sunday riley products i wanted to give it a shot
i think even my 1 oz jar would last me a couple of months
im going to try eve lom's balm
ill order the gg in the near future.
my kids are grown
i am currently obsessed with sunday riley products
this is my favorite
let's preface this by saying that this is the third sunday riley product i've purchased in a month
after one use i was a believer
also good for when my 4 yr old daughter plays make up bc i dont have to wash or scrub on her face
another great product from sunday riley!
i stumbled upon this br
i felt like i was giving myself a mini facial massage
this mask is just heaven
i watch a few beauty gurus on youtube
i tried this on a whim
this is definitely my new fav sheet mask
this one is a keeper!!!
i saw this in the store
this is definitely on the gift list this christmas
my sister tried to use this for her bags under her eyes
sunday riley, please, please make a travel size!
at first i was like ummm, another cleaner.
t was not unexpected for me
boy was i wrong.
finally found my holy grail.
my favorite thus far has been eve lom
thank you sunday riley
since my mom wants something that really do ffirming ang lifting her skin
make me look like 5 years old younger
i received this product in my january sephora play box
so why am i only writing my review now, in june?
this is a god send
i received this in my january play box
i apply foundation afterwards
i prefer to use this as my night time regiment
box and i've been loving it.
t will not be replacing my current fav
i received this as part of my january play box.
as another reviewer mentioned
i feel like a rock star
i am retiring it for now
ter will last you a long time
she then refereed a friend!!
ter is perfect for anyone who has sensitive
glowing since being pregnant
as i tried it in the store with the associate
i am an oily girl
while i am young
soft after a day of torturing my face with a ton of makeup
ive used the firm one too
i checked the site for instructions.
it is now my new favorite mask
a colleague actually made a comment that they couldn't see my pores
asked jokingly if i had any
really look forward to my memory sleep mask ritual
