i received the hydra-therapy mask as a gift
i am 33 with combinational skin
i live in a dry clement
sensitive skin rice powder
soothing rice enzyme powder
as an rn i remember "recovery" cream in the description
it's my hg item for my sensitive skin.
gross from this nyc summer
the colloidal oatmeal gives greats hydration
iv used this cream for over 8 months
for now i have combo/oily skin
ter version off of tatcha's website
the cream makes my colorado dry skin soft
i tried algenist advanced wrinkle-fighting serum/cream
i am oily/combo
i've always used the 'best' drugstore br
i also use the serum and mist at night.
i love the gold flakes, too!
my oily t-zone stays matte all day
i've got that j. lo glow without the dry patches.
i am asian with oily t zone and dry cheeks.
i live in toronto
very lux and superb quality.
the little 23 kt gold flecks make it even better.
i get oily in my t zone
le is pretty short
i paired it with the peter thomas roth gold under eye stick on things
because usually i can't h
i swear by this mask.
o. m. g. it looks like liquified pearls.
i used my e.l.f.
i usually just spring for the og glam glow mask
i def use my glam glow addiction as a "treat yo'self" moment
the mask has a cool silver sci-fi look to it.
i love this serum.
i like this product better than the similar ole henriksen serum
i love this serum.
i massage the serum into skin for about 30 sec
in the daytime i also use a bb cream
this serum is gentle but effective.
i love this serum.
i am also a retin-a user
then i found this serum
i live in los angeles
i love the murad serum.
my skin just drinks in this amazing serum
or after i use a mask
however, i really love the 22k applicator.
love love this serum
par contre this was an absolute delight.
i love this serum
very oily in the t zone
this serum is a great price
i'll keep using this serum
this serum however soothes
i read you shouldn't use any serums with vitamin c
i've found this serum to be great at night after using my retinoid cream
this serum calmed my skin
the serum is a gel serum, and my skin loves it!
it's a gel instead of serum.
i got this as a free sample and y a l l !!!!
the ingredients in the serum are incredible
this serum is wonderful!
this serum is amazing!
this is a good serum.
i love this serum.
this serum is perfection.
daily with the fab ultra repair cream
i love the fact that this serum is oil free.
from sub-zero to humid tropic temperatures
which i sure has to do with the hyaluronic acid
i live in minnesota
love this new product i found r
i've never used a serum before
i wouldn't recommend using this serum on your entire face
it is a great price for a serum
this is a holy grail for sure!!
great serum for a great price.
this is an excellent serum
for my combo skin
the only con about this serum is the cost
le without major issues
it's a light, soft serum.
or any other products you use on your skin like good genes or drunk elephants glycolic night serum
this serum restored the balance
i've tried every serum out there
i love this serum
especially for your first serum
under coola matte tint bb cream with spf
i think it's a great serum for the price
this serum was the st
i apply my urban decay 1
recommended to me by a sa at sephora
i love the gel consistency
this serum made my skin plump
i love the gel consistency of this.
oily t-zone holy grail!
this serum is fabulous
this serum greatly reduced the dry
especially in places like arizona
i've also been using the facial serum
although i still apply vitamin e caps
after clinique discontinued their acne solution cleansing bar here in canada i was at a loss
works great with their serum!
i love using a loofa
used this product and noticed a dif over night.
doesn't crease or cake.
which is oily/combo
this moituriser is amaxing my skin is soo dry
have some serious loyalty to peter thomas roth
50ml one this time
the drop head is h
noticed good results i enjoy the fact that it's a light serum bc i have oily
prior to this i was using ole henriksen truth serum
since i used this serum with clinique moisture surge on top
i've even tried clarins v-shape serum
i especially like the dropper!
i now use a quick spot of hyaluronic acid
i absolutely love my new black tea serum!
hg instant eye cream for me!
from drug store to high-end br
i can’t speak to the de-puffing because i don’t have puffiness
i swear this is magic in a tube.
ts a great starter eye cream
bought 5 skin care products from clinique
it's a good affordable eye cream to use for people just starting to exp
the applicator is super cute.
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
this is my newest and fave eye serum!
use the rice enzyme powder
then i apply this eye serum
junky sinuses that leave me looking p
i love this serum
i love this eye serum for the morning
didn't make y skin break out
colorado is dry, dry, dry.
i like that it is spf 30
i love the combination of spf 30
serums in this br
this gave me a ghostly cast due to the titanium oxide
exhausted my tube of murad perfecting day cream while on an extended visit to australia
she said to look for one that is an antioxidant-rich product including vitamin c
on the other h
a daycream and spf all in one
i love the spf 30 factor, too.
cant beat the protection
the spf protects against both uva
2nd product from the murad line
since my dermatologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i swear by murad products.
works great with the night reform serum!
now use it every other night alternating with an rx acne treatment
this burnt like the fire of a thous
i tried murad's eye lift firming treatment mon
you only get 1 oz of the product
because it's a 2-3 x a week treatment
my holy grail eye treatment!
i keep being tempted by products with thous
i've used the ovm serum twice
ive been using this serum for about 2 weeks
the serum is also non greasy
i appreciate all of dr. brandts products.
i spend literally thous
cover fx setting powder
i used it in conjunction with my sunday riley luna oil
i swear all dr.brandt products work amazing.
the dna firming neck cream
the ruby crystal retinol cream
i would suggest using needles no more face serum
i then used the 3d filler mask in the method described
crows feet use the pump serum
bc i only use a dab under each eye
i got the dr br
t 500 pt reward kit
t anti-aging products when i run out of the sample
i spent all my pts
thank you, dr. brandt!
along with the lift serum
kate somerville liquid quench are my skin care
much better results than the peterthomasroth anti-wrinkle serum i was trying
i do use 1x a day
i've tried bunches of moisturizers from various br
if this cream has healed my h
more normal/oily vs norman/dry
oiliness in my t-zone
i've used the visionnaire serum for a while.
i just ordered this cream
along with their pressed serum
go check out d-ribose's stats
use it on the tops of your h
i don't have deep lines thanks to good genes
i am dedicated to the ren products i currently use
i live in the armpit of the usa in yuma az
this isn't magic or a real filler or botox
i tried a ptr serum first
this is my new favorite eye serum!
got this as a vib rouge gift w/purchase.
i will cont to buy!
the key ingredient is the retinol.
i m in my early 30s so wrinkle
i top this with bare minerals serum
i paired it with the josie maran argan oil face
i'll def buy the big bottle.
t 3d filler its a great combo
i like that i can use a retinol product followed by my normal serum
instead simply apply serum
received this as a vib rouge free kit when i ordered $35+
bye bye dry skin!
the new mask range works well combined as a 15 min facial
then apply bobbi brown vitamin enriched face base
i love the essential oils in it
the first ting i noticed was the tingling sensation
i love that it is a 5 min mask too !
tight skin since moving to colorado
controls breakouts in my t-zone
a holy grail product for me!
you still get benefits with ood
i preferred the granules!
omg i love this cleanser
i live in calgary
an exfoliator w/o the sandy, gritty stuff.
i don't need a weekly mask
used this for approx.
saw this didn't have sulfates
the goat milk moisturizer
t works well with it
not hg status, but decent.
whiteheads + blacked heads-yay
my fav fash wash every!
i will try other kate products soon
this is my new hg product
mos have caused breakouts
i let this set on my face for 30sec to 1min
i think it's because of the sulfate free formula.
this is another really great cleanser from peter thomas roth
i used the peter thomas roth anti-aging cleansing gel
i lather it with my h
shiny on t zone
the drying factor is the only con
it's a huge bottle for the price- love ptr products
paired with the sulfur mask by ptr
if i did purchase many known acne br
the results are ah-mazing
t lasts for ever
feels its best when using peter thomas roth
combine it with the irish moor mud mask
ptr irish moor cleanser is the best by a long shot
my skin type is combination: oily in the t-zone
the treatment is fab-u-lous
either holding the thin rollerball dispenser in h
the rollerball is great
the rollerball isn't the best at distri
the serum container is glass
i've tried other eye cream br
the real deal is the rollerball serum.
the professional version of the neuroliquid serum is almost double the strength of the st
peter roth to manufacture a full size bottle of the professional neuroliquid serum
i dont use too much bc i follow up with the 100% argan oil
ter" is in the name
the josie maran light oil
s of dollars of nighttime oils
tered mangoes that have been c
ied in brown sugar
it absorb vert well
in the pm i use this + jm argan oil light for extra moisture
i exfoliate/use my mia fairly regularly
ts perfect for summer
i am oily in the t zone
this whipped argon oil face butter is perfect!
i love pairing it with the 100% argon oil
ter in an airless jar
ter with argan oil at night
ter cream is amazing
i also find that it pills
perhaps it is my clairins serum that is making this product pill
ter felt on my skin
7 ounce bottle is a bit high
otherwise this will pill
sometimes i use a argan oil
the side that had the whipped argon face
ter was so much plumper
ter from josie maran is just wonderful for my face
then the josie maran pure argan oil in top
ter i then put the 100% argan oil on
not as much as the tata harper resurfacing mask
i wanted a product with m
elic acid that wasn't over packaged
fresh soy cleanser followed by the dr br
i leave it on for 20 min
i got this polishing mask in a ole henriksen bundle
i found it in the old packaging at tj max for $20
the base is super moisturizing i def reccomend to let it sit on your skin for a good 3-5 min before scrubbing
i am a big fan of ole's vitamin c products
follow with my other vit c products by ole h
the sugar crystals are larger than i like
(ps i have acne prone/oily skin)
i highly recommend ole henriksen truth sugar glow polishing mask
although i'm 99% sure i can recreate this w/ a homemade version
it just takes 5 mins to give u the same results as a 60min facial
holy moly it is pretty great
nose area/t zone
even after using my clarisonic mia 2 with bosica charcoal stick
a great follow up with this is the peter thomas roth cucumber gel mask if you have sensitive skin like me
i also use the collagen booster
ter after using it
i wish that the beads that crib were smaller almost grainy like the pumpkin scrub from peter roth thomas
i recommend the red tea foaming wash 1st
then the truth serum collagen booster
i used the ole h
vitamin c serum after
accidentally bought this instead of my usual murad aha/bha scrub
i switch from philosophy's purity to this
i am a big fan of activated charcoal based products
love clay masks and esp this new one
more products from this br
i gor this product in my play box
like sharpie markers fir instance
i cleanse with fab
i used 100vof ny sephora points to try this
my skin feels super de-congested
i used it 1-2x a week
my skin type is normal to combo
paired with my makeup forever hd stick foundation
then put your lancer dani on your cheeks
with all the superb lancer ingredients
ok im now in my 30s with oily
i think the extra strength alpha beta pads did the most
i decided to buy this serum after trying the ferulic + retinol peel
this serum really did improve my skin.
decided to buy a peter thomas roth overnight retinol serum to see if i could get better results
dennis gross extra strength daily peel
dennis gross from the miracle pads
it was suggested to try this serum
i got this in the combo serum/peel pads
after caroline hirons recommended the peel pads
this serum from our br
this will be my new night serum.
have used the brightening serum as well as the alpha beta peel pads
it's almost like botox in a serum
i love this serum
i love this serum.
this serum is bomb
this serum is a part of that
ter drench on my nose
this serum is lightweight
i am on my third bottle of this serum.
i love this serum.
i got this serum to replace the sephora br
new to the bm products
i've never used serum before
decided to try their serum
is great for midwest usa to south east usa
i've tried every serum under the sun
leaves ur skin glowing
this is a really lovely serum.
very oily t-zone
this serum is incredible.
i layer multiple serums
this is my absolute favorite serum.
i often put my actual eye cream over the serum
since i started using this serum
it truly is a lightweight serum
not oily like a serum
i decided to buy this serum
definitely recommend this serum
i constantly use serums
better than the raw maple serum.
this serum was a wonderful surprise.
this serum loves to diminish fine lines
palmitoyl-tripeptide-1 in this serum
used to use clinique smart serum
the serum itself is light
have also used murad hydro quench
every time i say the name of this serum
it's probably the combination of niacinamide
have replaced my normal serum with this sample til it's gone
(the other serum is alot more expensive).
id never considered a serum before.
this is the first serum i've ever tried
skin rev er upper thing
this serum is awesome!!
this serum is the best that i have tried.
s down the best serum i have ever tried
the serum is a little on the thin
it's a serum + essence that gives my skin my natural glow
this product has helped my skins ph balance
i find that applying this helps hydrate the skin w/o causing irritation
it was super h
y when i had a cold
combined with fab cream
with the weather change in nyc
i live by milk products
an all around salve that's h
y to keep in your purse
i also love using on my h
obsessively wash my h
all of which equals dry h
my oily skin can't h
but i really hate the applicator.
i like this even better than my josie maran argan oil
until i used josie maran's milk
i am obsessed with oils
i actually like the rollerball.
i love the oil but i hate the applicator
my t-zone is so oily
since i use retin a
i used it mainly on my h
i love the milk products i've already tried
well this stuff is h
i put it on my h
when i dispensed some into my h
5oz is asking a bit much
i got milk products because i liked the ingredients
the josie marin face oil which has similar ingredients
in the texas heat
james matching perfume oil which i wish had the same ingredients
the backs of my h
well i start with josie maran light argan oil
and it s like magic.
i am instantly reminded on olivia newton john's high cheek bones all aglow in the movie grease
i pop this in the freezer 10 min before i use it
this is very interesting bc it is def an oil
pat it in with my h
def give it a try.
i prefer an oil that i can pour into my h
f you are not a milk gal or guy
my t-zone is the sahara desert
i've used it as a serum, primer and highlighter.
my skin is combo
this stick comes in h
saves a ton of room vs
ive used the blur stick
i actually use peter thomas roth cloud cream moisturizer over it
i love the cooling effect
i love this stick for priming.
splash ur face instead
doesn't pill under primer
via ipsy with their eye serum
if it didn't work for you because you're allergic to retinol
for daytime i stick to a balancing primer + makeup with spf to eliminate an additional layer of lotion-y product
i would like to use more retinol products as i age
or my milk consume
i find this acts more as a retinol product
like a weaker version of retin-a
don't use this if you know you're allergic to retinol
the rapid pigment lightening serum
josie maran argan or tarte maracuja
i only have to re-powder my face
i tried to use a cheaper br
finishing with the murad spf oil free
7 fl oz/ 20 ml more than the trial pack
contains retinol which is great
i do combine this with dior capture totale one for additional hydration
i am on my 3rd tube of the murad skin perfecting lotion
it is lightweight works well with my bb cream
our skin neeeeeds some tlc.
this is salicylic acid free.
spot serum before bed
slightly oily t-zone
i used this only for my t-zone
it also does hydrates my t-zone
dior bb cream for the face
it also seems to amp up my gel like masks
like the peter thomas roth
i don't use primers for face
an essence or serum
t doesn't overproduce oil throughout the day
from a cheap sheet mask up through my ptr cucumber detox
instead of a bunch of excessive serum at removal
i prefer an aerosol, like evian's.
the ptr irish moor mud mask
i used origins retexturing mask
es the perfect amount of product
i still use it bc i really like the formula
this is a holy grail item
two pumps n i'm done!!!!
the basic ones you get from walmart or cvs
the drink of h2o in the morning
i pair this with their drink of h2o
la roche posay gel cleanser
finish off with tarte h20 cream
after i used the tarte h20 cream which hydrated nicely
the drink h2o moisturizer
and now a deluxe size omg!
i liked nude skincare omega cleansing jelly
the price is very reasonable at $5/oz for the 5oz bottle
i got this cleanser as a secret santa present
ily changed the texture of my skin
it def should be!
i pair it with the tarte scrublet
i also use the h2o moisturizer
more fl oz for the price
i love all of the bare mineral products.
prior to using this i was using nude omega jelly cleanser
i am using this cleanser with my clarisonic mia 2
my mia 2 glides through it
it smells like orange tic tac which is a plus to me since orange tic tacs are my favorite c
ordering my 2nd tube.
i still use the bm chameleon clay cleanser with it though
neutrogena's hydro boost water gel
ter drench during the winter
le harsh new york winters
i tried it on my h
my t-zone is oily
gets oily thruout the day
i can't wait to try the serum next.
this one has shea
ter which is very soothing for my sensistive skin
arizona or new mexico it will surely last longer
i am in love with butter drench.
ter drench is so much better
i live in montana
i finished accutane in october so my skin is super dry
behold he found this serum which is the same price as the farsali elixir
new holy grail item!!!
i can't use the other vitamin c serums from any br
this is the only vitamin c product that doesn't make me sunburn
i tried other vitamin c br
i mix a drop of the serum with the rose night cream before bed
night in lieu of a serum
i love this vit.
i got a windburn on my h
it didn't layer well over a serum that i was using at the time
i am 46 year african american.
works very well light while being hydrating af.
night w peter thomas roth night creams
this is a great vitamin c serum to try.
my combination skin was missing its nightly dose of oil
it contains vitamin c
then whatevers left on my h
s to the t-zone
i incorporated it into my daily skin regimen
only con is i have oily skin
ive obviously tried tons of lightening products
tell people exactly what i use: this great korres wild rose oil + bosia bb cream
the technician highly recommended a vitamin c oil
vitamin c, rose, rose petals?
omg it's the best anti-aging cream
the spf could st
i love that it's a water- based gel.
tarte is one of my fave br
i would like to switch exclusively to tarte
such as the belif aqua bomb
i fist tried it in the skin heros 500 point set from tarte
bought this moisturizer because desi perkins suggested it
desi perkins put this as one of the her favorite moisturizer
i love the gel
dryer in my t-zone
luv luv luv luv this product:)
it feels like aloe vera
i find this very comparative to the peter thomas roth hyaluronic hydrating gel- at a fraction of the price
i've tested with a few primers
purchased the travel kit from tarte that had travel minis of the skin care from rots line
of course sk-ii is wonderful
if you're up to similar efficiency effet
polluted city of la--- so daily spf is an absolute must
skin profile: 29 / f / combo skin
live in brutal las vegas weather
i love the spf protection
it's better than using a vibrator on your eyelid
i started using the nuface trinity ele
i own the original foreo luna.
for some de-stressing
i definitely recommend the iris!
use with favorite eye serum.
i absolutely love this serum.
i used the amore pacific one previously
i've bought tata harper's nourishing oil cleanser 2x
i used micellar water after
i prefer this one to clinique or bliss.
the makeup i use is tuff stuff
we are talking marc jacobs mascara ladies
this spot corrector does magic.
n love with this product
therefor i had to use my normal cleanser after
i am a contact lens wearer
power radical new age cream from sk-ii for my review
i would highly recommend r
i received this r.n.a.
i started using sk-ii r.n.a.
i already recommended sk-ii r.n.a.
i can't rave enough about sk-lol r.n.a.
i received this cream to try from sk-ii
rejuvenated every time i use sk-ii r
i received the sk-ii r.n.a.
i highly recommend sk-ii r.n.a.
i've have been using sk-ii r.n.a.
when i first started using sk-ii r.n.a.
overall i am very happy with sk-ii r.n.a.
while i don't have a ton of wrinkles
i received the r.n.a.
i absolutely love sk-|| r
as the weeks progress while using my sk-ii r.n.a.
with just one pearl-sized drop of the sk-ii r
but not the sk-ii r.n.a.
the sk-ii r.n.a.
i've tried other products from this br
i received a complimentary jar of sk-ii r.n.a.
power radical new age cream from sk-ii for my review
i opened the sk-ii r.n.a.
list of ingredients in english
i don't get that with sk-ii rna moisture cream.
i really enjoy using this free sample from sk-ii.
i've used the sk-ii r.n.a.
i received the sk-ii r.n.a.
power cream as part of a promotion from the br
i've included a couple of images of this cream applied to the back of my h
i received a complimentary jar of sk-ii r.n.a.
i love the sk-ii masks
sk-ii is the best among all for asian skin!
i've used sk-ii for years
bought me the entire line of sk-ii
serum the other day
like other sk-ii products
ful of reviews for other sk-ii products too
it had been in asia for a bit before it came to the usa
i received this product from sk-ll free to review
i used this serum day
the serum is very light
sk-ii has another serum that address those skin concerns
i got this sample from sk-ii
review from sk-ii
i love the r.n.a power essence serum.
it's unlike any serum i've tried before.
after using sk-ii r.n.a.
i waa proven wrong
sk-ii is one of the few that i have stuck with.
a power by sk-ii in exchange for my honest review
the serum has a nice feel when applied.
7 fl oz of this essence in the bottle
i am so amazed by sk-ii r.n.a.
es the right amount of product
in using the serum
i assumed maybe it was a serum
i keep mine refrigerated
i do use the br
that these babies really de-puff
flipping it over so they're drenched in the 24k serum
i love peter thomas roth's products.
this is jam packed with colloidal gold
peter thomas roth is half the price
along with ptr's mega rich eye creme
i feel that this helps my eye serum
there is a cotton mask with the 24k line
these pads were like a magic w
on my second bottle... tube... thingy.
click play on some fergie
m gel eye cream
as a disclaimer, i am a 26 y.o.
no-fuss for skincare please try this br
dispenses just the righ amount
i love this eye cream bc its part gel
i used it 2x a day
soothes any irritation from retinol or vitamin c
i don't have bags
also noticed my under eye mu lasts longer with this
i came across the fab triple remedy gel cream
i threw this mask on- which i love that it's a 10min mask btw
then the fab 5- in 1 eye cream
it's def a holy grail
this was a holy grail product
has a jelly like formula
this mask is my holy grail.
this mask probably got its inspiration from those korean piggy masks
which are products that contain lots of collagen
as a result of great genes
the ultimune power infusing concentrate serum
best serum i've ever used!
i've tried c serum after c serum.
in combination with the infuser
if you are comparing to the peter thomas roth gold makeup melt this is much better
you wet your h
i predict this luxe
?i will use the el cleansing balm all up
i smooth on my serum
le this overnight moisturizer in the summer months
n love with this product
i got a small one with 100 pt of vib points.
my regularly routine wt vit c serum+ hya drops it sorta stop working with time as before
this on the other h
similar consistency to belif aqua bomb.
t shape area is oil
love to mix it with illuminator
ter i have ever tried
i am a type 1 diabetic
i normally use peter thomas roth products
tried it because i like the idea of chlorella
strong enough to regulate my 39 y/o combination skin
i love that it foams
ful of the estee edit products
i like to wear it alone or mixed together with my bb or cc cream
i used the sheer golden bronze color.
female 20 yrs oldnormal to dry skin post accutane
i am a bb cream addict
i like it as a spot illuminator
it was nice as a light bb cream to st
it can definitely ba an assest to your daily routine
the other was like a creme
i first tried the hydrate section
i like mixing it with my bb cream
i wasn't big on cream highlighters until i tried this
the beam team hydrate + glow is amazing – i have sensitive
this is more of a copper color.
i apply my lightweight powder first
healthier looking skin in a min
ing towards a younger generation as well
i love the beam team hydrate + glow!!
when bruno mars sang about 24k gold
no one really needs to look like they are c3po or gold finger
you will just look too glow-ee
i apply this with my h
it's great on the neckline also
mixed it in with my cc cream
in winter it's ptr
i love mixing this in with my foundation or bb cream
i put it on over the peter thomas roth cc cream
tarte amazonian clay bb cream w/ a couple of drops of rainforest of the sea foundation
this is a holy grail product for me!!
i ise on top of my spf
best product on the market for an illuminator/highlighter
i am loving this illuminator.
'm using a different dr jart cream on my face
as i'm getting older i wanted to add a face cream with peptides
a really intense acne medication that basically stops your oil gl
as a almost-30 y.o.
prescription or salicylic acid products irritated
there's a little bit of jesus in this moisturizer
i've used all sorts of expensive ones from la mer to high-end natural br
i recently moved from fl to a much dryer co.
i set out to find a shea
this doesn't have any air sensitive antioxidants so the jar packaging is null
every mask, oil, cream, serum i could find!
even my old standby serum by origins didn't work.
feels like a serum when applied
i luv this product
e my loss of texture
especially in the t-zone
a true holy grail product for me
serum on the market
it's similar to those silicone-y primers
this product is my holy grail.
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
combined a pump of this product along with a tiny drop of the de marula oil
b-hydra was underwhelming as a moisturizer for me
i mix this with my sunday riley good genes
female 20 yrs oldnormal to dry skin post accutane
in combination with the vitamin c serum
(i use the glycolic serum and oil at night.)
b-hydra gives you that glow
in the summer i layer this product with the vitamin c serumfrom the same line
fall i layer it with the vitamin c serum
then i layer other serums
my morning first aid beauty serum
i blend it with the la la retro whipped cream at night
b-hydra works best mixed in with c-firma during the day
it amps them up
which is a sample of the c-firma
i add a pump of this into a pump of c firma in my palm every morning before applying
i think it takes c firma for day
this is my favourite from de line
this stuff is my hg
i mix it every night into my tlc frambose serum
every morning into my c firma serum from drunk elephant
i love love love b-hydra!!!
b-hydra on top
beit belif or fresh etc
i do love using this with serum.
i just add a drop or 2 of my face serum
add an oil after the c serum
soothes the face or h
mixed with other de products
few drops of virgin marula oil
such as farsali rose gold elixir
recently added this to my morning routine after the c serum
the b hydra is the perfect amount of hydration for my skin
i love this serum
use this mixed with my c firma under my moisturizer
i really do love it over my c-firm serum.
i got this as a mini with c firma
b hydra is a lightweight moisturizer that would be best for oily to combo skin types
i still like using b hydra because it has added skincare benefits
moisturizer in combo with good genes
this is one of the h
ful of holy grail products that has completely changed my skin
with the exception of b-hydra
the marketing of it as a booster vs a moisturizer was a bit confusing to me
ter on my skin
i love the de serums
i love that i can just tap the serum in
it's lovely paired with any of the other de serums
if you mix it with marula or josie maran argan oil god bless
i love it and i owe my skin to tiffany masterson!
i usually mix it with the c firma serum
i mix it morning with c-firma
i don't b/c 2hrs after applying skin is oily
after hyaluronic acid has sunk in
i will keep using it under my de lala moisturizer
right now i am layering this between my serum
if you are using de's c firma i highly suggest you mix it with b-hydra
i follow with lala and marula.
b-hyrda is an essential player in the de line.
i used it as a serum
so i cleansed with d.e juju bar and applied this.
e's lala retro to keep my skin from drying up
this gel is like a hybrid of a serum
i love using it in the morning mixed with the c-firma
b-hydra mixes really well with both the day
the night serum in the pink bottle
i love this serum!
i wear it under dr
i love this serum.
i first got a sample of this with the vitamin c serum
in the morning after i cleanse my face i mix the vitamin c
the vitamin c is but sticky otherwise.
i mix this with a few drops of marula oil
dennis gross hydra-pure vitamin c serum
since drunk elephant vitamin c serum is not sold in canada atm
i mix one pump of this with one pump of the drunk elephant c-serum
the b-hydra is the perfect moisturizer
i also use the tlc serum
i combine it with a serum from another company before bed
given i am a little heavy h
ed with products lol
i love the silicone free texture of this
like la la or the marula oil
i found that de's b hydra gel was not enough to fully hydrate my skin by itself
it performs much better than the lala cream
i mix this in with my c-firma day serum from de
i mix it with the c firma day serum under my sunscreen
i adore this gel.
i currently mix the b-hydra with my fresh seaberry face oil
also with the bb creams
use it combined with the c-firma from the same br
specifically in my t-zone
their vitamin c serum is amazing
i will use it at nigh al
n the warmer months
at night i layer the virgin marula oil over top
f u need something for flaky skin
clinique turnaround night cream
i tried belif aqua bomb
this product has hydraulic acid in the formula
i live in texas
i follow k beauty pretty well on my facial routines
works well as a h
i checked the ingredients
t really is a "detox" treatment for me
i used this in conjunction with the origins charcoal mask
it's a dose of health vitamins for your face
i got this cleanser as a sample because i love the origins br
i love the foaming action.
put some witch hazel on
demo of this product on my youtube channel
beautiful eye cream• wait 2 min
have a genetic predisposition to dark circles
before i put the ren product on
i googled a good eye cream.
thanks ren for another great anti-aging product!
it is a tightening, depuffing serum.
it was the eye cream from ren
i didn’t know better to protect my skin from the harmful uv rays being under the sun playing sports
first discovered this in the "soko to tokyo" value set
it's the equivalent of a korean essence
erborian is a hybrid french/korean skincare company
i personally follow a korean-inspired skincare regime because i have dehydrated
bobbi brown's vitamin enriched face base
it seemed very liquid-ey
the red ginseng one
the white milk one
once dry, i apply my serum etc.
pour it into my h
i apply it with my h
right after i apply my spf moisterizer
years ago i used a product like this from a prestige japanese br
i apply with a cotton ball.
applied with a koh gen doh cotton
this yuza bi-phase lotion is amazing.
it's kind of in between the ginseng
i love this elixir!
that's what skincare expert steve called it
i love this serum to death!
it's because the serum is made of saffron
i put this under a retinol
as soon as i put the serum on
i mixed a few drops in with my bb cream
placed an order in august/september
so the korres golden krocus ageless saffron elixir serum is by far the best serum i have tried thus far
this product is a miracle serum
i really enjoy this serum.
i swear this is the holy grail for dry skin
i live in houston :
went for the sunday riley june oil
now that i use this elixir on my lips
i like experience of using the serum
it's like a mini facial in a jar
after trying the lancôme serum
this is my all time favorite aging serum
this is an amazing serum.
since using this serum
along with dr perricone cold plasma cream
i can't get enough of this serum
should mention im a smoker which doesnt help my skin retain moisture
unless i am compelled as i am with this serum
i actually do like this serum
in 5 mins you can compare to the other h
tchy before i used the elixir
i only use 3 drops of this before my serum
i call this my "liquid gold" because of the color
always heard it is amazing as an anti oxidant
unicorn blood in this stuff
s to expensive luxury br
especially if the words vitamin c are mentioned
overall good product tho
the oder is not the greatest
nice dark glass container to keep the vit c protected
i been using with my retin a
bottle is glass which i love bc no plastic leeching
i started useing this not as a eye cream
the texture of the serum made it worth it
on of thr purchases was this serum.
like clarins hydraquench or belief aqua bomb
thanks to the alpha ar
i love sunday riley products
i put it on after my essence and serum.
it doesn't help that i live in florida
i love this moisturizer from sunday riley.
like the rest of sunday riley's og line
in short: this is my holy grail.
around my eyes i use medicine mama's bea magic
i switched back to this enzyme water cream
my luna oil is over
i want to try their vitamin c moisturizer
either de framboos serum or oh night serum depending on my issues
i can't use any sunday riley serum because they break me out
i am a new to using sunday riley products
also helped with my r
it has 1% alpha-ar
although the ordinary's alpha-ar
in serum is formulated with 2%
dennis gross hyaluronic marine oil-free moisture cushion
have been using belif aqua bomb
plus it's a moisturizer duh!
tone with the mario badesco glycolic acid toner
also use the cane austin moisturizer
i often slather it on with luna
cc cream on top
this si such an amazing hydrating cream.
ed this change to the dryer climate
i've used hyaluronic acid before
i've tried other sunday riley products
aha exfoliants as well
moving from boston to chicago
flaky no matter how much la mer i smoothed on
tends to get very dry during our santa ana winds
this cream along with chanel's micro serum did wonders
better than belif aqua bomb
f you're sensitive to scents i'd try a small sample first on your h
le the smell or not
my everyday bb cream foundation
apply a vitamin c syrum that i love
usually i use drugstore br
i finally found my holy grail night cream!
it os so comfortable on a skin
perfect 365 days in the colorado elements!
i am using this serum for a while now
this is a great serum
i really like this serum
bb cream all day
except sunday riley oils
if i use too much serum
this serum doesn't do miracles
this serum is great for both.
it doesn't have the same amour of salicylic acid that many other acne products contain
i don't really blame this lil serum for that
the dropper is perfect oo
i mix it with clinique even better clinical dark spot corrector
this serum is a great product.
it is a good serum.
i love dr. jart's products.
to remove them all i chose dr
jart's ceramide line when i saw this product
oily in the t-zone
the price r super fair with 3.3oz.
irritated skin from the elements here in alberta
it goes perfectly on top of my vitamin c serum in the mornings
i live in alaska
after applying my nightly serum
when i tried it without a serum
def a great addition to my skincare routine.
the texture is similar to a serum
a tip that i have is to not distri
l-o-v-e this moisturizer.
i hate the feeling of silicone
i could probably skip primer- i will use laura mercier radiance primer or becca backlight for glow
i do suggest using a serum underneath.
i think i have a combo skin of oily
i definitely recommend this serum.
i love the argan milk
i love this serum
one pump of this magical serum makes my skin baby soft
this serum goes on smooth
i used the old rose serum
also using a ph balanced cleanser from drunk elephant
this serum is very lightweight
it's 3 packets on a trifold card.
this serum is sooo light
there is no retinol or fancy bells
i live in edmonton ab which has very dry air
go to kane ny website
kane ny serum is one of a kind.
i absolutely love the serum.
it has a high vitamin c content that can oxidize.
also it's just a serum.
i love this serum
it hardly has any color....id call it magic!
like any retinol product
i love peter thomas roth retinol products
i love the ptr retinol products
i am a huge fan of asian skincare
thanks sk-ii for letting my try your product for free
i received the sk-ii facial treatment oil for free from sk-ii to try
i received the sk-ii to try from the company
the sk-ii didn't do either.
i absolutely love the sk-ii facial treatment oil
i received the facial oil as part of a promotion of the br
the sk-ii facial treatment oil bottle comes in 50ml size
given the positively glowing reputation of sk-ii
this sk-ii facial treatment oil is amazingly effective for my dry skin
love this oil treatment.
since using the sk ii facial treatment oil
i love the sk ii facial treatment oil.
have been using the sk-ii facial treatment oil 3 weeks
i received a free bottle of sk-ii
i got this product free from sk-ii
i've used the sk-ii facial treatment oil now for about two weeks
i would absolutely recomment trying sk-ii facial treatment oil
i received this item as part of a promotion from the bran
i applied sk-ii to my arms
it is amazing for kp
i found sk-ii a great after shower remedy for my face when it feels dehydrated
btw i tried the sk2 beauty essence before for months
dollars on clarins skincare alone treating myself to skin care that month plus bought some sk ii moistursers
anti-aging serums i like
when i first received this bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil
everything i have said here is my unbiased opinion on sk-ii facial treatment oil
i received a complementary bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil to try for free in exchange for a product review
masks are my holy grail products
nicky into my skin
sk-ii’s facial treatment oil formula contains the vitamins
it tells me that sk-ii takes their formulations seriouslyalso
as exposure to light can breakdown antioxidants
i am cray-cray for all things beauty
i love this facial oil!
i received a bottle of sk-ii's facial treatment oil
complements of sk-ii through bzzagent
i received this bottle of facial treatment oil free from sk-ii for being a bzzagent
i received the sk-ii facial treatment oil complimentary from sk-ii for testing
oily in my t-zone
anti-aging cream at night
the sk-ii facial treatment oil has a lovely
i cannot wait to try more sk-ii products.
i received a complimentary bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil from sk-ii to try for free
i got to try sk-ii free as a bzzagent
i don't wash my h
i feel like my h
i used it in conjunction with my facial serum
i got sk-ii moisturizing oil from for free in exchange for my honest review
way to go sk-ii!!!!
i really like what sk-ii facial treatment oil has done for my skin
i've found a moisturizer type i can get behind to continue treating my skin better thanks to sk-ii
you just fav a few drops in your h
i found sk-ii to be non-greasy
the oil has a light lav
i received this product for frr from sk-ii to try
sk-ii has found a customer for life!
i like the glass bottle
sk-ii oil on the right one
plus i live in florida.
i do love the products for sk-ii
i got sk-ii moisturizing oil from sk-ii for free in exchange for my opinion
after cleansing i applied about 4 drops off sk-ii
well needless to say no one is getting my sk-ll facial treatment oil
water softener is not an option since california is in major drought
sk ii is definitely a br
f i top this with anything
i received sk-ii facial treatment oil fromsk-ii for free
like the other sk-ii products
em with all other sk-ii products
even the fresh cream h
oily in my t-zone
similar to hydra by christian dior!
i'd your in that mixed zone ts well worth it
i could not be happier that i found this moisturizer which allows me to follow gr
i didn't use a primer after i applied this
the algenist bi-phase peel
or maybe just my gr
on the tops of my h
the micro algae oil
both my kat von d lock it foundation
i applied a pump of this on my left h
i noticed that my h
other than the peter thomas roth name
spider veins i have
color to iti use it alone some days
many eye sera focus on the under-eye area
even resorting to using those other sera on my eyelids with mixed results
even an aloe vera leaf
it is clear and has a serum feel to it.
aloe gel from walmart is gross
religiously use r f skincare
this is a good de-puffer
i love kate products
i hate eye creams bc they are too thick
it does de-puff well
this is def the one
w this i feel glowing
wake up and...ohh la la!
i paired it with the serum as well
this is the best vitamin c i have tried.
in the morning i use a different serum
this serum does wonders to my skin!
i apply the serum directly to my face
i began using this in conjunction with the s.o.s.
save our skin- also from dr
i always hear that vitamin c brights up the skin
oooh my god i sear i saw the result next day
this serum is silky and non-irritating.
my dermatologist recommended i use a well formulated vitamin c serum daily
i prefer to mix several drops with my dr
dennis gross peptide milk
let's just say i get little to no "natural" vitamin d
fyi i also use retinol
i think i may be turning into a serum junkie!!!
the previous reviewer called the iu
find iu measurements on vitamin c products either
the only con i have is that i have oily skin
ing to my increasingly dryer skin
i only use herbivore skin products
effective in treating my kp
never has a soap actually helped reduce my kp
very oily t-zone
i finally decided to try herbivore br
i love herbivore as a br
i've tried other products to get rid of kp
f redefine daily mask
thanks to brooke at the murfreesboro tn sephora
im actually wearing the mask rightnow as i type this
im combo skin with tzone oilyness
i went all in for the dr gross skincare products
i add a light moisturizer on top to lock in all the goodies in this peptide milk
i absolutely love this serum!
instead of it being a traditional oil/water/silicone type serum
the product is chock-full of antioxidants
i like that it contains vitamin c
plus it has cucumber extract
i will def be buying this for my thirsty skin as it keeps me quenched
i will use boscia bb cream after that
that oil is my holy grail
if u like the luminous primer from becca
warming a bit in your h
i love that it's an antioxidant
works esp well with the mega mushroom soothing toner
have to save to get the serum
the mega mushroom serum has worked wonders on my skin
uv protection it gives
i apply this after my serum
i love how it is a serum
this is one of my favorite serum moisturizers for 2016z in almost done with the entire jar
i love that it's a serum
i do add clarins booster detox drops to it.
will see because i live in alaska
as soon as i used this pressed serum
this product is a fairly concentrated alpha hydroxy acid so you have to be sort of careful with it
s together like with a mans liquid aftershave
i leave it on for maybe 10 min
i guess its more of a concentrated effect vs wet face/wet h
this is definitely my holy grail mask.
finish w/ an eye cream
comparable to high end asian skincare lines like sk-ii
up to korean beauty st
i just received my hana cream
t has less oils
it smells like i imagine my gr
i usually been useing cover fx blurring primer.
plus for the amount of product u get
like many k beauty products are
i also bought the j one bb cushion
i would then follow it up with my ole henriksen truth serum collagen booster
my skin type is combo
if you go to share dot memebox dot com followed by /x/2gzfhx you can get an additional 20% off
do get oily by 3 p
though i am not korean or of asian descent
i love korean makeup
i am sold on korean skin care!
while a lot of korean packaging aims to be cutesy
don't expect matte coverage.
make up forever hd
an oily t-zone
i tried elf primer
must say my hydration def increased
spread it with a light h
my new holy grail!
doesn't exacerbate oliy t-zone
i've tried so many primers
none compare to the j one jelly pack
then use the j one pack
i pat just a finger tip's worth of j
it lasts all day w/o breaking up
tried it with kicho cc cream that i have
my skin quality has al
or just go w/o makeup
bottle was okay with the tsa restriction
i just discovered a bunch of korean skin care products
g this lifting effect is surprisingly amazing
i just wet a q-tip with the product
i think it was because of the lactic acid.
pour it into my h
splash on my face for about 30 sec
i prefer to use a basin
i add a little water to my h
im using it with the vital treatment
i just cup my h
if you're not on meds
depending on the percentage of lactic acid used
i am in love with this serum
i am a big fan of the 15 step korean skincare routine
i am really impressed by this serum/cream hybrid from blithe
bought the tundra serum
this "hidden gem" serum is an amazing find
i love this pressed serum.
w/ my conair sonic brush
applying estée lauder's revitalizing night serum
i live in florida.
after 20 min i rinsed the mask
not in all sephora's in toronto :
this in conjunction with the tata harper resurfacing mask is like the vip pass to quick
this mask is the holy grail.
i've tried everything from bliss to dr
tata harper products = holy grail of skin care
since i already use the tata harper purifying cleanser
this stuff is h
i tried cover fx custom blot drops after a positive youtube review
just as an fyi- i use dior primer and foundation.
hg product for me!
i applied it as a primer on my t-zone.
my t-zone was 3x as oily without these drops!
this has salicylic acid
my holy grail is becca
matte primers have this weird consistency that u have to pat it on the skin
am i matte all day
i don't expect to be bc i'm oily
i am ultra oily
have tried many different mattifying primers
ta-da grease free!
my first holy grail product
i didn't have to apply a mineral powder or blot!
on saturday i mixed this product with my clinique bb cream which is notorious for making me shiny
i didn't have to blot or powder at all
this serum is the best.
reach for algenist power pressed serum or sunday riley luna at night
i am 27 with combo dry skin
definitely added to my holy grail collection.
this serum is awesome
this serum is my fav from perricone
i pair it with a moisturizer from kate s.
this serum is amazing.
this lightweight serum a addresses them all.
this serum is absolutely weightless which is something i look for in a treatment
you can google all the ingredients
it has encapsulated caffeine for all day dark circle help
genetic bags under my eyes
i am 30 with combination skin
le to the dr perricone oil free hydrating cream
dr perricone's cream is light weight
it's chock full of well known ingredients such as antioxidants
was gonna repurchase dior hydra life cream
it's also a 2oz jar
the verso as i got them at a good price
i love the texture of the serum
only over a night serum
ole hen both make awesome night serums that work great with this product
combines well over serums or acids
oily on t-zone
after applying the framboose serum from de
works excellent on top of the framboose serum
other products from this br
thank you de for my hg moisturizer!
gorgeous in the winter or when the ac is wreaking havoc
warm it between my h
that's when my ssa introduced me to lala
i can easily put my super goop spf serum on top
is my holy grail
b-hydra mixed together in the morning
at night i alternate using the tlc framboos mixed with marula oil
or my retinol with the lala after
i am new to d elephant!
i apply it in the morning over my serum
it is way better than the b hydra serum as it is an actual moisturizer
the b-hydra serum
if u drop some oil also from de
especially my t-zone
the lala cream took it even further
i mix with b-hydra at night after applying tlc framboos serum
b-hydra intensive hydration gel in the morning
definately hydrates well without leaving a greasy filmi'm only quoting 4 stars because i'm new to the product
otherwise i use my belief aqua bomb
i tried argan oil in the past
like the face creams our gr
(i have combo skin).
lala goes on smooth
it's a must have on-h
perricone pre-empt brightening eye cream
miracle cream made from the diamond tips of unicorns
the tub is small will prob order 2 at the sme time
w/o the sparkle
i am super oily
now, i only have to blot 1-2x a day.
i love using murad's oil-control mattifier for my spf
i don't love using makeup versions of highlighter
the thickness of the product is nice
this product is bae.
hydrating where my skin is super dy
i am a 4y09 with normal skin.
def felt like i was moisturized.
kind of a lighter touch than a cc or bb cream
i give it 4 pts because $49 for 1
i used it today under my bb cream
i've used liquid highlighters or the becca backlight primer mixed with foundation
i mix this product with makeup forever hd foundation
sometimes in lieu of a bb cream entirely
i wish it has spf
i've had no problems wearing it under my koh gen do aqua foundation
then use a cc cream
btw, i have combination skin (oily t-zone).
i ended up buying the bronze color because i am tan skin
it is a serum texture which i have been using morning
it is different than the dr. gross product.
i currently use lancome genifique face serum
i loved the original phosphatidyl e cream from this br
completely undetectable with a bb cream on
this product has acne-causing coconut oil or coconut products which are popular in "natural br
john's wort as it can interfere with contraceptives
i am 33 with combo skin
my t-zone is super dry
or goodness in the formula
i put this on after serum
i wish sephora carried the entire line of rms beauty because it is divine
many insist the only form of tocopherol available to them is one derived from genetically modified soy
i wish more products used turmeric!
it's an excellent primer under mineral powder.
i switched from jm argan oil to rms beauty oil due to constant dryness recently
ever since i switched to rms beauty oil
probably due to the high vitamin c content in the rosehip oil
definitely recommend all of rms beauty's products :
t works out well
oily in t-zone
i love this new line by clinique
i also changed my bb cream
ter after each use
holy cow, i just found my holy grail.
my pores looked h u g e
i tried so many primers
i like the granularity of the scrub
i got the 15 ml size in a reward set
i love the pep-start line of clinique!
i don't use primers
i flake on a daily basis
received this holy grail item
new-found holy grail.
i am very picky with primers
this make my face matt
the tube's rollerball helps de-puff my underage area in the morning
i love the egg cream hydration masks
thus i came to sephora where one skincare specialist recommended a serum + cream that had collagen in it
i drove across canada with the average temperature being about -20 degrees
i got a teeny tiny bottle of this is the soko to tokyo kit
it reminds me of collagen
it says it's a serum
it didn't make me oily per se
j'ai acheté un ensemble après avoir reçu de bon commentaire d'une conseillère chez sephora
j'ai été vraiment épaté par la crème.
elle hydrate ma peau toute la journée
malgré ma peau mixte ne laisse pas de résidu gras dessus
je sens ma peau repulpée
on fini par s'habituer mais l'odeur floral forte au dé
kudos to sephora for bringing kbeauty to america!
have used it as a serum
it reminded me of this egg mask my gr
f you have oily skin i wouldn't advise using this product
because i loathe raw eggs
i used their egg cream masks
-1 star cus i hateeee the smell
my t zone is so oily
i love the luminescence it gives
i highly recomend under the laura mercier c
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
omg can i just say, holy grail product !!!
i live in colorado.
i do the same if i'm going to apply my tarte bb tinted treatment
ysl b70/b80, armani maestro fusion 10/11.5.
i normally mix it with the 24k gold oil
i mean i have used oils
my face is not as oily as when i use sf
with an oily t-zone
pair it with the tatcha night serum
i first hydrate with my mac moisture infusion serum hydrant
this is a holy grail and i love it!
e to dryness or extra oil
i am super oily
my new holy grail!
i do like to layer this on top of my rms oil for added hydration since in office ac fries my skin out a lot
which most african americans are.
i used this moisturizer before i started using the rice enzyme powder
so i have normal/ combination (t-zone) skin.
cleans the skin weel
im on my third tube
tarte is a cruelty free br
tarte actually has a mean skin care line
oiliness in my t-zone
tarte is my favorite br
i've only used it a h
definitely a part of my hg products.
leave it on for 10 min
ee johnson talk about her everyday skin routine
i used it as a mask.
i usually follow up with josie maran argan oil
ready to absorb my serum
le a stronger exfoliant like a clarisonic or products with tougher/lower grit
as you rub in the product with your h
it primes my skin for my night serum
than traditional walnut scrubs like st
i will def continue to use this.
i like this mask
sells in china where animal testing is m
i am a fan of origins' ginseng line
i love the entire ginseng line from origins
i like this mask.
this mask is a copper
is a great primer for my bb cream
feel like the sahara desert
i could sed how it might be heavy for oily skin.
it works perfectly with the plantscription serum
don't waste it since i have micellar water
this cleanser is a bit unique because its a korean br
the antioxidant power is incredible.
while visiting korea i came across this foam cleanser
i am africa american
i usually get r
as recommended by charlotte cho for the korean double cleanse
you wont have any residues left
n love with this product
after i wash my skin i also use the peter thomas cucumber hydrating mask to help my irritated skin during night time
but this is literally my holy grail product.
definitely a holy grail product!
i love josie maran products
i love using face masks
an eyelet dropper of the jm argan oil
it also contains phytic acid
i ordered this product along with the kate somerville+ retinol firming eye cream $85
then i use the ks + retinol firming eye cream that has the gold applicator
to start using this br
vitamin c serum at night
i live in colorado where the humidity is virtually non-existent
my neckline is much improved
my neckline is much improved
i live in chicago
fyi i'm not a fan of the lancôme energie de vie gel cleanser for this
cleansing is a important step in south korean skincare because the south koreans know that the accumulation of sweat
ole henrikson african red tea cleanser which was mehh
omg i love this cleanser!!!
i rub the oil in my h
pair this with dr dennis gross pads
i found when i add a tiny bit of water to my h
pampered after i use this oil
i got this because i really liked energie de vie smoothing
i highly recommend the whole " energie de vie" line
i mixed it with the biossance squalane oil
this is a great anit-aging cream
the lactic acid really makes a difference.
lasts through the long cold winter months in canada
ive tried countless moisturizers
i started using energie de vie last year
i put on énergie de vie
i add a couple drops of argan oil to about a jelly bean amount of this
has the consistency of a serum
if you find you often use a lavender or pink cc or color corrector with your foundation
when u cup your h
it has a consistency of a serum
i will also add that i'm part asian
night after your énergie de vie cleanser
i live in houston
texas where it is humid
many are "fatty" alcohols
my skin improved after using 2x.
it's a thirst quencher for my skin
i always apply an anti-wrinkle serum with spf after using this during the day
esp good for oily or combo skin types for under makeup
light like a korean essence
i also use retin-a
it does have caffeine in it
matte lipstick off my h
i live in s fl
oily in t zone
how it control my oiliness in t zone
i like that the product st
has spf20 in it
i live in sc where it's 100f in the summer with high humidity
i still cannot find a matte primer that works.
totally recomended to oily skin people.
f it isn't fully absorbed
the 1st one i starter using end of january maybe early feb
now i can't get it shipped to canada
please make this available in canada again!
this having 20fps and good for oily skin
keeps my t zone dry
my t-zone is oil free
power pressed serum night cream
power 360 degree eye serum
their reveal serum foundation
highlighters because for me
i didn't ha e to buy any products with my makeover because i am rouge
it fades after 10-20 min
i just purchased the saturn mask
especially the luna oil
im shooketh i sadly suffer from keratosis pilaris
thanks to sunday riley for creating this miraculous product
plus o have incredibly oily skin
it's important to note that i'm near my menstrual cycle
i've used it 3x a week
this sunday riley oil not only controlled the excess oil
sunday riley good genes serum
i just bought the sr martian toner
sunday riley truly is top tier in the skincare world
indie lee rose hip cleanser
literally started purging within 1 hr
i've just purchased the .5oz bottle.
to top it off i leave in the humidity of texas
luna oil very soon
i tried a few sunday riley products
i've used the sunday riley luna
also by sunday riley
i love this oil with drunk elephant's t.l.c.
then the tidal cream
also use aloe vera to help with my scars
ing in a dark alley: psst
my poors are smaller
holy grail item for sure!
while i agree this serum has a
this oil is magic i found this one works better than the luna oil
along with using good genes
the luna twice a day
i recently got c
it's my holy grail!
my skin looks a thous
in combination with the martian toner
i can honestly say i've finally found my holy grail for acne products
which i am in the process of re-ordering now: paula's choice 2% bha skin perfecting fluid
my skin is kardashian grade
i discovered the sunday riley ufo oil
on the other h
because i tried a deluxe sample of the fresh vitamin nectar mask
the michigan winter is rlly getting to me
thirsty from the dull weather in toronto
i totally agree with lev glazman that nutrition affects our skin
with it's vitamin c
the reason ti gets 4 stars
i am still happy with the results using this alternately with ptr gold mask
il leaves my skin very soft after it
you have to be ok with having the sensation of marmalade o mm your face
so had to try the new vitamin nectar
we can ingest vitamins
only done at med spas by a lpn
since i really like the sugar
at first i was skeptical since i have never used peter thomas roth products before
this is the only serum that worked
i also did one of the clinique vitamin c boosters which i recommend highly
excellent serum worth every penny
probably from chicken pox
eveerything about tata harper is amazing !
i apply it specifically on my cheekbones
tata harper skincare here—we’ve received several comments on this product’s scent
i am combo/oily
poor pump bottles etc
i follow by lightly patting rms beauty uncover up on top
tata harper skincare here—we’ve received a few comments on this product’s scent
i've used every green br
cereal bowls under my eyes
mix it with my eye cream du jour
t is light reflecting
i really like this serum/cream.
i did a quick peel from my october play subscription
just tried ptr firming cream with the tool
elevate firming & lifting contouring serum.
the texture of this serum
this is a fantastic serum.
le at both ends
it's great to use with a facial brush (ie.
clairsonic mia) or with just your hands.
le my skin since discovering these products
i pair it with my foreo luna 2 mini
lather in your h
sometimes i use witch hazel before i moisturize
an oily t zone
btw i use this cleanser with my clarisonic.
i pair this with the belief witch hazel herbal extract toner
bc it somehow balances ur skin
healthy all while being the perfect foamy companion to my beloved clarisonic mia
i am not relying on it for acne treatment cuz i am using sunday riley ufo for that purpose
the price is reasonable for 125ml bottle.
as you massage it in with wet h
thats because its 100% natural
i gave a sample pot to a friend taking topical rx acne medication
i alternate this with a clay mask
currently using with dr
dennis gross facial steamer
a sunday riley skincare routine
i keep this mask only for 10 min
just dap some on
i apply another mask for my oily t zone
my skin goes back to its pre-honey potion state
this product is h
i received the farmacyhoney potion renewing antioxidant hydration mask with echinacea greenenvy™ in my january sephora play beauty box
the strong topical meds i was using
then i warm up my h
perfect mask to use 1x per week.
if your skin can h
my new holy grail product!
it lasts me atleast 2 month's
the extracts have antifungal
usually use kate somerville pads
it def helps me with my dry spot
use that a 1x or 2x a week
ptr is my new fave
i finished the 2 fl oz bottle in 3 weeks
i also use a korean acne wash along with this
i def recommend this product!
i just make sure to follow up after this soap with the peter thomas roth mud mask or a hydrating fresh product
literally my holy grail.
plus use of the peter thomas ross spot treatment
i wear it 2x a day
purchased this ptr product
the sulfur-based one
i love the ptr br
i waxed on friday
finally something that works on my crazy peri menopausal skin
then again the main ingredient is sulfur
this sh&@ totally works!!!
i used this magic potion once a day for 1 week
i even prefer it over retin-a
after i watched lisa eldridge's video on facial massage
i got this as a 100 pt perk
i started using this in january 2017
a nice product by ren
this is my second ren product
dry kansas city winter
f you have sensitive skin or breakout easily
ren makes quality products!
i still use a serum
i love using this with the ren anti pollution mist for added hydration
i got this ren hydro-boost emulsion as a vib sample
thank goodness because i usually breakout from hyaluronic acid
actually easy to use just need to add a dap of water to activates it before my serum
even in dry areas like denver
i love ren products.
instead of using tap water i spray some of my mario badescu rose water
first it's a natural eco-conscious br
works amazing by h
i do wear a cc cream
this is my holy grail product!!
use it w my clarisonic
i've tried tatcha, shu uemura, and a few more.
i am into the whole korean 8 step beauty regimen
you will still need a serum for anti-aging
i love these ampoules.
my skin drinks up this serum
ch describes them as lush and indeed they are.
aka the actual magic moisturizing part of this product
dr. brandt's magnetight is just amazing.
i love facial masks
e much of this to dr
f you break out
leave on for 10 min
itthe mask leaves firming peptides
very pleased because it got a l l the blackheads from my nose
i would recommend not using toilet paper haha because the mask itself truly is magnetic
its once a week plus 3 oz
soak in the serum
ofc it has iron iron is what makes it stick to the magnet
bill nye the science guy!
then the kate somerville anti-bac acne lotion after
i changed my serum to include it
great combination with my dr.dennis steamer！
it's very pricy i had korean modeling masks such as shangpree from peach
lily that recently did a calibration with sephora which is to die for
the sea goodness this contains
there is a lot of it w the mixture
i honestly love this serum
i used murad's intensive age-diffusing serum prior
i know this is mainly ment for anti aging
my favorite serum-goes to work immediately
it's a great serum for me
i tried this serum
female 20 yrs oldnormal to dry skinpost accutane treatment
bpa-free glass bottle
i would actually recommend the ren evercalm cleanser
that's the only cleanser at sephora that's truly optimized for dry
i am using it alongside the yttp kale+green tea ha cream
it forms a nice lather in my h
no breakouts in my t-zone
this in combination with drunk elephant serums
herbivore oil at night
i also use sunday riley's water cream
up to the dryness of the northern ontario winters
the pump dispenser is really h
you get 8 oz which is great
hyaluronic acid is a great ingredient
my skin is combo
living in los angeles i'm exposed to so much pollution
just drinking this superfood up
it's great to mix with a serum
cream mixed with serum
from acids or retin-a
i usually wakeup oily
especially after using the drunk elephant tlc serum
i love that it contains hyaluronic acid!
i absolutely love this formulation!
my asian bb cream
it's got vitamins e
the hyaluronic acid makes it good for age prevention
their glycolic acid serum at night
moisturizing enough to layer over my drunk elephant b hydra gel in the evening
i wish they'd use pump bottles.
so ordered this serum
then work this serum in
drunk elephant night serum
it's best applied with a brush vs
oily t-zone etc
once a day after cleansing with either the sr ceramic slip wash or the tarte rainforest
i follow up with either the fresh rose moisturizer or sr tidal moisturizer
this serum works wonders
i still want the anti-aging effects of vitamin c
ordered this new serum from youth to the people
this is the best serum ever!!!
this serum is just everything
i can actually feel the tri-peptides working.
that makes their products in california
even under this fluorescent lighting
it feels like a serum
the cc cream under it absolutely perfect
with or without the cc cream-
i think i order a shade too dark in the cc
it cosmetics needs to exp
om red dots on my face
its my all in one hg
i normally use the cover fx drops
preps my skin for either a bb cream or a foundation
i wear a bb cream over it
i would mix it with the fair cc cream
my skin is combo, oily in t-zone.
i can use a bb cream over or under this
i would suggest it to anyone to wear under a foundation or bb or cc
foundation is optional bur use a primer
i suspect that i need a lighter h
because it's a color corrector
usually i layer the it cc cream on top of it
i like it tho.
it's just in my dna
i guess higher melanin skin tones don't produce rosaeca?
have been using the cc cream which is amazing
this product is even better than the cc cream for my skin
helps control my oiliness longer than the cc cream
n love with this product
def gives the full coverage
it kind of reminds me of the tarte bb tinted 12hr primer
tons of green color correctors
has the consistency of a light foundation or cc cream
it's also formulated with all kids of good stuff including colloidal oatmeal
don't expect your typical serum consistency
i am 47 with combo skin, oily tzone.
i applied bbm with my fingers
followed it up with my estée lauder anr serum
clean everything pretty well even my marc jacobs eyeliner
om acne wasn't clearing up
kat von d liner
contact lens wearers be ware!
i don't much care for the "serum" part of this
i tried this bc i love the clinique take the day off balm
including the sunday riley
n order to wake-up not looking like baby jane
i am 31, w/ normal to dry skin.
w/o any leftover residue
i used a serum as well as my night cream after using this product
using just my dry h
then i wet my h
i continue rinsing my h
it works to control my oils in my t-zone
oily/combo skin i have found
finally found my holy grail primer.
i just repeurchased this primer
i add a little bit of it compact powder on the t zone
this primer is almost like a serum.
the tarte hangover rx primer
this primer is holy grail.
ts pores no more
works well under ud all nighter foundation.
i like the fact it has just a tiny bit mor of a silicon feel
my favorite quickly is using this primer with the cc your skin
i got this as a sample when i ordered the it cosmetics cc cream
it really did de-puff
it was because of residual product on my h
ive started using anti aging products as advised
my beloved clinique laser repairwear eye treatment wouldn't absorb
i live near jackson hole
this anti aging eye cream is legit.
s which is def
that's filler or surgery.
peptides plus vitamin c etc it beats many products i have tried
de pufts which it does
i've used caudalie premier le cru for a year
this is the much more lux product indeed.
i got it as a sample around the same time as i received a la mer moisturizer
the problem is that la mer price is very expensive
head to head with la mer.
i also use a bit on my h
i live in washington dc
im on my 4th jar.
most skincare products are given gr
my roommate uses the bobbi brown vitamin enriched face base
this one has 10ml more
you get 2oz when most other br
s give you 1oz
with oily-isa t-zone
wouldn't allow me to apply the cc cream on top
goes on so beautifully under my it cc cream as well
ive used so many types of moisturizers
a different fab night cream
the backs of my h
esp wth harsh acne products that i've been using
i also use retin a from my derm
i def recommend that you get this it cream now!
i am on retinol now
instead i use the spf 50 it cc powder for sun protection
i apply this after my serum
with my too faced hangover rx primer under make up
i live in the very dry state of arizona
paired with it cosmetics cc cream
pm serums from this br
giving my skin a vitamin during the day
use the tiger cream morning
this with the sunday riley luna sleeping oil almost all of my ance scars are completely gone
i rub it in my h
t must be the cream
i live in western canada in a fairly humid climate
e to the daytime cream vs
i quit using tretinoin
using with josie maran argan oil
there are def more moisturizing products out there
this cream helped me immensely until i was able to get to the doctor for an rx ointment
it was the only cream i had on h
i live in a cold canadian climate
as vib rouge i buy
it will disappear in 20-30 min
i started using prescription-strength retinol about a year ago
a huge hype about it in korea
after i use this i'm going to try out the dr jart ceramidin cream
unlike the color corrector
i've actually been using this for the r
om itchiness i've been getting all over my body lol
i started using dr
dryer here in nyc
i first discovered dr
dr jart products have yet to cause breakouts
on the other h
the dr weil mushroom cream
it's the beauty equivalent of the hydrocortisone or neosporin you use before putting on a b
it's similar to the dr
my pores needed that glycolic acid lol
loved how moisturizing it sampled on my h
after i was allergic to a product from la-roche posay
so i tried this tiger grass cream.
after giorgio armani discontinued my makeup
mix with my bb cream
i would apply a little bb cream over top
i can go completely without any kind of foundation/bb/cc/tinted moisturizer
unlike other color correctors
plus it has spf!!!
i wear it on top of my ole henriksen pure truth youth activating oil
the spf is a plus for me
oily on my t-zone
so much of an issue that i have had bbl laser treatments recently
i am an asian/german mix
first off i'm a super pale asian
am nc15-nc25 depending of the season
i just recently finished accutane
my skin was too red to wear bb cream convincingly
i first heard of this product via rachel nguyen of that's chic
i am fair skinned
i apply after my serum
also works great underneath foundation or a bb cream
like a bb cream or light foundation
buy the small jar of color corrector
its really good ❤️ when i travel in korea
this product i use on top of my korres greek yogurt smoothie
didn't want to have to wear cc cream every day
color correctors during the hot summers in texas
total holy grail for me.
after accutane my skin is smooth
color corrects and provides spf.
when i do use foundation i put mac foundation powder on top
i just set mine with a powder.
dr jart is a miracle worker with his cicapair tiger grass color correcting treatment
tf products are always fantastic.
in the shower, etc.
lts not a face wash
it's only half an oz.
i can only compare it to the farmacy br
i only give 5 stars to my holy grail products
primer + foundation + concealer + powder + eye makeup
i follow up with peter thomas roth buffing beads
n my upper waterline
i gots this as a sample
i tried with a soup
cuz this product dont really remove your mascara
at 1st i didn't underst
or i'm just lazy af
or another cleanser i have on h
i start by applying a small amount to a q-tip
this is the holy grail of hydration.
i even managed to switch to a bb cream this week
which ment this product removed all the make-up.
kat von d everlasting lipstick
my marc jacobs remarcable foundation was gone in seconds it's literally magic
then i used my mia-slightly damp.
my lashes primed with lancôme topped with tf better than sex
followed thru with serum
this is a miracle mask
i do 2 pumps into my h
pump the mask/oil once into my h
not to mention the bottle is just a few oz
i like to dip my h
in seconds it's like my h
i rub the excess on my h
i will def buy the product.
mu laugh lines do looked a little mote plumped
oh does it pill.
i am combo to oily type
the english description on the package
doesn’t really describe it as well as the french
brant 3d filler mask can't do that for me
i also picked up the serum
the combination of hyaluronic acids
the added bonus is the antioxidant resveratrol which keeps cellular communication going
i love this tube of magic!
or even over the top of a serum
i received my trial sizes creme du nil
usually i use energie de vie line from lancome
i live in mn and have super dry skin.
almost non existent scent of creme du nil
my pores aren't massive tho
i still cannot get enough of the crème du nil.
lxmi creme du nil is none of those
it comes with a w
when i put my serum or oils on first i would used this product last
ter doesn't work like this
i usually use shea
loved my dry skin over this harsh canadian winter
the creme du nil for day
my skin is more sensitized
you rub your h
i've used everything from la mer to first aid beauty to drug store
the copper tipped w
silicone or alcohol are gone
this balm is my new holy grail!
chest with the cute little copper w
this is the first kate product i have used
my biggest was my "crepe-y" undereye skin.
!i was spending $85 on an eye serum.
overall i found the tata harper clarifying moisturizer to be pretty effective
i did a mini facial at sephora
one of the skin experts recommended kate sommerville
normally i use vitamin c on its own to brighten my skin
i just moved from pnw to ga
i just tested it on my h
got this lil beauty as a deluxe sample
wears great under estee lauder dw foundation.
plus it works well over serum
in conjunction with the peter thomas roth acne face soap
3-5 minutes depending on how much serum you use
i love that it is free of mineral oil.
at least the k-beauty br
s that i've tried so far + laura mercier + bobbi brown
follow a k-skincare routine
i found this bc of nicole guerrero's snapchat
up until recently i have been using an essence with argon oil as my moisturizer
to using a nightly serum to save up my argon oil
when i tested it on my h
i love this masks.
i love the crème ancienne line
i put the serum on first
now on to the rice enzyme powder .
or just in your h
the rice enzyme cleanser is awful
a travel size classic rice enzyme powder
product size: cleansing oil 25 ml 0
8 fl oz classic rice powder 10 g 0
silk cream sample packet 2ml 0
the rice enzyme powder is my favourite thing from this set
the rice enzyme powder is so gentle that i've incorporated it into my weekly routine
i've used the rice enzyme powder before
directions says use wet h
under my night cream as a serum
im still using it
im almost reaching to my ideal skin goal
i apply this after i use a toner or serum
la mer soft cream applies the same way.
i usually use pure argon oil at night.
i received a sample from dr roebuck's moisturizer
thr cream absorbs easily
i tried argan oil
i am starting to layer it over some retinol aha etc
can wait to try their serum!
usually mix it with a serum at night for deeper hydration
great product from a great australian company!
i also mix a little of the vitamin c oil korres wild rose with this to give it more hydration
gross firming peptide milk
love this australian br
i first tried it in canada
i just use a drug store br
el invented the double cleanse system decades ago
decreased the oily-ness of my skin
i reccomend this product.
tho i wish it was rinse optional for lazy days
of course i think my sk-ii serum helps a bit too
i am ob-freaking-sessed with this skincare set.
y skin feel almost as if i've used a mask
i would use the two in conjunction with my clarisonic mia 2
i need to check out the hydra-therapy next!
i like to finish massaging them all in with my foreo luna
the bar on the other h
i am asian and a big fan of double cleansing!
i tried the hydra
i bet for oily or combination skin
i def recommend this product to anyone
i am loving this hydra therapy set.
excelente producto lo probe aplic
o primero el aceite luego la barra d jabon y enjuague
dejo mi cutis super limpio e hidratado me gusto muchisimo super recomendado
the bar soap on the other h
both my t zone
or maybe even a dropper
i got the hydra-therapy duo
om pimples all the time
the oil is small enough to get trough tsa
i like the oil
i got this as a free vox box from influenster
vitamin e that works well against dryness
it is a cleansing oil that contains: vitamin e
it is a combination of a cleansing oil that contains: vitamin e
the bar contains anti-oxidants
i loved the little packet of serum--my favorite part?
i absolutly love the packaging os this cute travel set
it has a higher ph
i used the oil
i think that's the oats
i usually use these tea masks about x3 a week
the skin under my eyes is really crepe-y
ranging from drugstore to super duper expensive
on my 3rd bottle of this magic serum!
i absolutely love this serum.
i love this serum.
it's already become my go-to daily serum
i like the dropper
this is a anti-aging serum from belief
its not a bad serum at all
as soon u apply the mask
so this is h#lla moisturizing.
i live in michigan
would def recommend it
it's a recessive genetic disorder
its great on the h
hs soaked right in
i just wipe my h
my skin is 1000x better
i live in chicago
its also perfect for dry winters in nyc.
i combine this with my oils
used it on my h
i'd definitely say this is an ointment versus any kind of h
maybe it your h
in the winter my h
f you don't like honey
the first 4 ingredients are incredibly moisturizing: castor oil
the honey acts likes a barrier agent
i put it on my h
it looks like the first ingredient is castor oil
the care this br
benton has my holy grail aloe propolis gel that's perfect for the face
try mixing it with a tinted spf or bb cream for a light coverage day
then foundation etc etc
i applied a favorite bb cream over it
i wear clinique powder foundation over it
i paired it with the bareminerals bb cream gel in vanilla 01
i wanted to effin' sparkle like one of those gd twilight vampires
poppin in the sun
ive also used it as a base for my powder highlight on my cheekbones
i got this as a 100 pt reward
i look more natural vs. a "full glam" look.
my face honestly looked like edward cullen in the sunlight
i wore this under my cover fx creme foundation
ful of glitter in my face
in comparison to the becca backlight primer filter
you get 20 mls more for $4
i only have the 100 pt sephora reward
or swatch it on your h
which no other br
this is one my favorite of favorite eye serum
it didn't feel too silicone-y also which was a plus
i on the other h
being a k beauty fanatic i love the original jelly pack
ard moisturizer which definitely doesn't justify the price
i've found my holy grail
tip: pair it with the black tea serum
i love to use the black tea infusion under it
although i am 50+ i feel it helps the elasticity in my skin
this cream works better than my la mar soft cream
soft than if i use la mar
it is the best cream on the market thus far beating out la mer at a fraction of the price
i am using a skinny flat plastic h
le to try to get the rest
my dr jart bb cream look flawless.
i used ester lauder perfectionist serum before this
omg i washed my face
like that tin of white cream on my gr
although i'm only 20 y/o i have a really stubborn wrinkle on my forehead
okay so kate breaks her hyaluronic acid down into 3 molecular sizes
i am using this as a substitution for my serum
i feel i got better results from this in one month than a year of de + sr
i didn't breakout after starting this serum
this is the most potent vit.
c serum i've tried and it works beautifully.
it has the 3-o c which is water
firm vitamin c serum is the best i’ve used
the actual formulation of the serum is secondary to that for you
this is a great serum!
who told you that vitamin c serums are supposed to smell like citrus?
did you know that oranges are not the only source of vitamin c?lol
as for the serum itself.
i love this serum!
this serum changed my life!
until i found this serum
thank you dr. gross!
after follow with the cc crema amazing brightness
this serum is my new desert island product!
i think a vitamin c serum is an important step in skin care
kat von d setting powder
is less than 1 oz
which i can't st
i pair this with the armani foundation
it beats my charlotte tilbury wonderglow!
my skin is bomb dot com
on the other h
i dont use it as a primer
started using other primers
i did use this with a holy grail foundation tho
a mattifying one on my t-zone
just this, and my makeup forever hd stick.
do not like silicone-based primers
i hae been using this primer exclusively since i received it
a nice light layer to use under my bb cream every day
i normally react to primers
its a little coconut-y
use the green tea on my t-zone
it's a great micellar water
best micellar "milk" i've ever used!!
my pires are huge
while i like the coconut product
i love the micellar milk the best!
i tried the sample sizes of coconut and charcoal.
i just ordered the coconut
i used the coconut water
this serum is life.
my t-zone oily
i combine this with it cc cream for my dull combination skin
this stuff has single h
this isn't a bb or cc cream
i really love this ren mask.
i love face masks
this is the first ren product that i used
ab location back in april
the ren sensitive line home
this def helps after 1 use!
i always use a sulfur mask to kill the bacteria
i tried a new serum that made my face hot
i took the serum back to sephora
i love masking/multi masking
basically my whole face rn
ren products never cause me reactions
i also used it after my ole henriksen lemon peel
love this mask during our cold canadian winters.
i usually used serum underneath
i really like this serum.
however when i added this serum
then i apply de vit c
the hydra-essential cream
i follow it with clinique acne solutions bb cream which is very thin
i am super dry
i even mix my cover fx custom drops into it
previously i used the 24 hr rose moisturizer
i love multitasking products
sometimes after using my normal daily light serum
not b/c i asked for one
i can't speak to the priming benefits because i'm addicted to the j
hello, three types of hyaluronic acid?!
ter on hot toast
i can stop looking because i have found the holy grail of primers
ive been waking up to luminous clear beautiful skin daily since incorporating this product into my regimen
my daily face products are: la mer line
i live in so cal.
decided on trying the ptr kit
i spent 2 weeks in beijing
this has replaced sunday riley's tidal as my new favorite moisturizer
i even rub the excess into my h
it is ah-mazing.
after going to miami my skin has been dry
it even made it to my yt channel
hg moisturizer above even sunday riley
plus the hyaluronic acid helped my skin look amazing
i feel that the water drop moisturizer by dr
im always down with peter thomas roth products.
i usually use a serum first
i should also mention that i live in az
although i am allergic to hyalurnonic acid
the serum the water drench serum that goes with it during a time that my skin was super dry
i've loved all peter thomas roth products i've tried
just as with the aqua bomb
i mean cloud cream?!?
layered over my serum
my skin is combo
i would compare it to youth to the people hyaluronic spinach
i like peter thomas roth
next only word to describe ptr is water trench cloud cream is amazing
i forgot my ptr water drench cloud cream moisturiser
s regularly so about to look for a long lasting ptr h
my t-zone stayed perfectly matte
i continued to have r
bought it directly from peter thomas roth
even laura mercier tinted moisturizer feels too foundation-y to me
blue eyed gal with a south florida tan
f you're oily then you'd benefit from using their pores no more pore refiner primer either 1st or in place of
i usually shy away from bb/cc's creams
usually i use only tinted moisturizer like natura bisse sheer cream or armani crema nuda
plus i get a high spf
perfect for a combo t-zone for men and women!
i dont notice this being too thick vs
kisses from your v
urban decay's de slick spray
i deal with usual oily t-zone area
imo, this is a must have for oily skin!!
i love liquid foundation
i've even tried the crazy stuff like milk of magnesia
this product is my holy grail
i am an african american woman with chocolate skin
it mattified my t zone
powder before i found this product
i think this is a knockoff of a korean br
when i rinsed it off my skin was so sot
the serum that goes with this line
new hg for sure.
this is a holy grail product.
i just poured a dime size of the powder in my h
alternating it with my kate sommerville wash
've tried a ton of exfoliators
i ordered this along with the josie maran argan oil
argan milk as well as the de glycolic night serum
i decided to jump on the charcoal b
my t-zone isn't as oily
used it on my h
at night followed by a serum
omg.. the best for hydration.
this has the potency of getting a professional chem peel without the recovery or price tag
though i do notice amplified results when paired with de glycolic night serum
i usually have combo skin
female 20 yrs oldnormal to dry skin post accutane
i just apply to my t zone
not hypersensitive combo skin
i am a woc black asian
i never had breakouts b4
i am 21 and i have normal skin.
tiffany masterson, don't do it!!
when i started using a retinoid
this product is the holy grail!
i absolutely love all the d.e products.
the t.l.c sukari baby facial rocks
use my tlc framboos glycolic night serum for nightly maintenance
i found that in this de product!
after this i use lala retro
i also use the drunk elephant b-hydra intensive hydration gel
decided to use the black mask from peter thomas roth right after
i used the oil
ive tried every mask
every time ive used mask my face just glows!
esp because of the price!
there is a tingling in the 1st 5 secs you apply
i consistently use bha
even use aha masks regularly
ive decided that this is a holy grail item
f you aren't getting regular facials
i just bought a bunch of de products for the vib rouge sale
i recommend this br
it is supposed to tingle since it has a very strong concentration of alpha hydroxy acids
this is like a booster of the night serum.
after two rounds of accutane
i own a few other de products
just started on accutane
this is my "holy grail" face mask
so every other product i've ever tried from d.e.
i just started using the la la whip which is amazing
f you have medium to long hair
fyi essential oils can wreak havoc on your skin
breaking down collagen production
s ceo only uses fragrance free actual good quality ingredients
the 25% alpha hydroxy acids in this facial is such a rarity in its own
the lala to add to my de collection
i apply the hydra gel
then the lala right after i rinse the babyfacial off
it does deep clean with the alpha hydroxy acids
whereas the results of other masks or aha/bha products didn't last long after the facial
i usually wear light coverage foundations or bb/cc creams during the day
i followed it with the marula oil.
after falling in love with the la la retro lotion
i used a maracuja oil that was on h
a nightly dose of rose hip oil on your face
okay so im all about a gel face cream!
i always use clinique moisture surge
i should say that i use a few hydrating serums in my routine as well- including ptr hyaluronic cloud serum
i still use a serum underneath
i live in dry alberta
gift set of all the other josie maran variations of argan oil
tested it on my h
note: i haven't tried the regular argan oil
then follow w/a clean muslim clothe w/ water
using the 100% original argan oil
im 25, caucasian and i have combo skin.
on top of that i deal with canadian winters
i am new to maran argan oil.
im 48, fair with ruddy patches.
t is like having a bottle 3x it's size
my skin absorbed it faster than the regular jm argan oil
with just nutrient rich argan oil i can justify the price tag of i don't have to purchase both moisturizer
the mix of the milk
i normally use josie marian regular argan oil
asian indian with long curly hair
decided to try argan reserve
just tried argan reserve
which i believe is due to vitamin c
many vitamin c products fail to work for me
good genes from this br
i alternate between the ceo
brightening cream by sunday riley
sinks in to my skin in 15-20 min
be able to try other sunday riley products
obviously i should have been using a vitamin c a long time ago because my skin loves the vitamin c
good genes at night
i love the vitamin c in this as i'm fair skin
it pairs amazingly well with the sunday riley good genes
i went in to get the drunk elephant vitamin c that i usually use
combined with "good genes"
i can't use any sunday riley serum because they break me out
then apply the ceo cream all over my face except the eye area
i got a sample of this because i know that vitamin c
that nite i just slapped on my nite moisturizer
unfortunately it deos not have spf
ceo is at the top of my list other than la mer soft cream
the la mer soft cream
've been skipping my very expensive ole henriksen vitamin c serum
three drops of farsali rose gold elixir in the morning
with the good genes, it is a killer combo.
i try lot of moistures/serums every month fromdifferent br
the only cream could achieve the same effect is la prairie white caviar that costs over $400
i decided to try the ceo moisturizer
i always use moisturizer that has vitamin c as major ingredient
because this little boy get so much vitamin c extracted from different sources
they have to smell somewhat vitamin c
i can confirm that this scent is on the more decent compare to other vitamin c br
i'd heard mixed reviews on the ceo cream
a prescription retinal which i alternate
i highly recommend the sunday riley line of products
ed with my skin care
i just started using this product in combination with a olehenriksen vitamin c truth serum i got at sephora as well
in the morning i use the serum first
as does the serum
i tend to stick to sunday riley products just because they work on my hormonal skin
i am always hesitant to try out vitamin c
i love the idea of what vitamin c does
sr products have transformed my skin.
already use luna, ufo and martian.
wear it over good genes
another great skin care product from sunday riley
i've never been able to use anything with vitamin c
i got a deluxe sample of this cream from rewards bazar
kat von d foundation
good genes at night
very appt with the results
i usually break out in a rash from skincare products containing vitamin c
i love good vita c products
in the am i cleanse with micellar water then apply ceo wait 5min then fab 5 in 1 daily lotion
at night i double cleanse first with josie maran cleansing oil then fresh soy cleanser i follow that with rose witch hazel then luna oil wait 5min then good genes i top with skyn icel
use the luna oil/good genes combo 3days on 3days off
this manages to give me my vitamin c without drying me out
use good genes & tidal for daytime.
i appreciate the moisturizing properties living in dry colorado in the winter
same as good genes
i've read a low ph of the skin
don't work well with vitamin c
good genes/luna in the evenings
which i'm assuming is the vit c working
i love sunday riley products
i don't mind the smell of any sunday riley products
so when i saw a sulfate
5oz instead of the industry st
dip a q-tip in kopari co
7 oz in my may playbox
the product is watery like a serum
including kat von d trooper eyeliner
the only con is the bottle
then i tried la mer
before la mer my skin looked thirsty
so i decided to mix it with my sunday riley oils.
add a couple drops of my cover fx pigment
la mer crème de la mer is what is keeping it that way
we used to call this "crime" de la mer due to price
it's quite reasonable v
rubbed some la mer onto it
i wanted to try new products as i'd been with la mer for years
press the creme into your skin well
that could only be shipped from paris
all hail la mer.
nothing has worked like la mer
i didn't get a fast metabolism
the last boston winter
i finally caved and bought a small jar of la mer.
tried la mer after reading reviews from others suffering similar skin issues
when i was on accutane this
pure vitamin e oil were the only things that really helped my dryness
i can not live without la mer
at night i put 3 drops of sunday riley's luna oil
of la mer creme de la mer warmed up between my fingers
i disliked the luna oil
glycerin also at the top of the list m
la mer was the only thing that worked
with la mer i was able to throw out hundreds of dollars worth of serums
to release the miracle broth that la mer is known for
my pores more pronounced
then i decided to try crème de la mer after reading some reviews that it healed redness
la mer melts into my skin
i never used another creams after i discovered la mer
ha ha ha my skin is soft and luminous.
u need this in ur life!
i credit it to this cream
korean -- you get the picture
i come back to the coveted crème de la mer
i only use two la mer products
is this the same formulation as in johnson
everyone must try creme de la mer at least once in their lifetimes
check on the la mer website how to apply it.
i always go back to using la mer.
i've used la mer on
i used that combo last night after sunday riley's good genes
le to creme de la mer
this moisturizer trumps any other br
nothing compares to la mer
while i was shopping for make up i got a sample of la mer moisturizer
la mer is my top choice.
i once tried to switch to a cheaper drugstore br
even with using a knockoff of the miracle broth in my serum
la mer is incredibly hydrating
before i decided to purchase la mer soft cream
when i started using la mer soft cream my skin instantly started to feel healed
(i've been purchasing directly from la mer).
la mer makes incredible products
the la mer rep told me to take a little pea size
the la mer eye concentrate is an exceptional eye treatment
thank you la mer!
have been using la mer for around 4 years now
i truly love it and can't get away from la mer.
purchased chanel le lift
just repurchased the la mer eye concentrate again
the chanel version is garbage
das expensive as kl would say.
just like all the other la mer products
the nourishing oil from la mer
the regular la mer cream
i also use the la mer treatment lotion which is sort of like an essence/toner afterward
followed by creme de la mer cream
i received this cleanser in a set with a few other la mer products
it works well with la mer cream
especially in the t zone
i just pour some into my h
la mer treatment lotion is one of my very favorite skin care products
i apply a couple drops to my h
just use your h
i am so happy that sephora is finally carrying la mer
this serum is perfect for all skin types.
this is an amazing day serum.
this serum is a game changer
sunday riley luna at night with other skin care items
boosted the efficacy of my eye cream
it will also give some antioxidant protection
magic potion out there
my only complaint is that once you add the activator
as soon as i got the serum
once i finish my current serum
i plan to purchase this serum instead
it works wonderfully as a night serum.
this is the best serum i have ever used!
this product is pure magic.
s that are better than la mer
much more sanitary imo.
plus it has spf.
absolutely obssessed with this serum.
this product out-performed my holy grail
this serum is so light weight
i know it's marketed as a serum
dry with an oily t-zone
i would prefer a tube
n love with this new ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
light with a serum like texture
i applied it on my t-zone
this is the first time a serum-type product
i got this free from influenster canada for testing purposes
it's my new holy grail.
this is now my holy grail.
although this is a serum
i really like this serum!!
texture on my h
when i wear this serum with my nars smooth
overall i give this serum two thumbs up
this is a very nice primer serum.
the serum is very light weight
first of, i love the applicator.
def helps keep the oil at bay
it's like it was a vitamin for skin.
this is a serum with a built in primer
you can use this daily as a serum
definitely my new holy grail for 2017 !
the serum feels amazing on the skin
a touch-up is always h
my t zone is super oily
i would highly recommend this serum!
i am a critic when it comes to beauty products other than japanese or korean products
i love the way the serum is pressed
i rotate this with my drunk elephant night serum
thanks to power recharging night pressed serum
make it my new go to serum forever
i apply this serum to my face
i'd say this is as good or even better than my sunday riley luna oil with enzyme water cream lotion on top
i am a rouge member and a skincare junkie!
i just received algenist power serum yesterday
i love organic skin care line
end with biossance squalene + rose oil
same with the 100% squalane oil.
i usually use josie maran
layer on some rose oil + squalane
definitely recommend just wetting your h
ing over a frier all day long
is comparable to the amore pacific
low for years for a more affordable daytime moisturizer to replace my favorite sk-ii cream
an oily t-zone
i dont know if id repurchase
to the individual who gave this one star because squalane comes from shark liver
i've seen a lot of products claim to de-puff
i like it better than my peter thomas roth 24k patches
that's due to melanin production rather than lymphatic drainage
vitamin c is a better bet for pigmentation problems
ive had quite a journey to find a good under eye cream/gel
i don’t have genetic dark circles.
no weird pilling, color, oder, or texture.
coincidentally a friend recommended the peptide eye gel
the peptide eye gel reduced my dark circles in just days
the dark circles disappeared so fast with the peptide eye gel
not the case with this peptide eye gel
was intrigued by the vitamin c
the squalane is sourced from sugar cane.
in conjunction with a good serum
took me ages to find a non-comedogenic vitamin c oil
while i have liked using sunday riley's ceo rapid flash c serum
certain vitamin c products work well for me
it helped me through accutane
i love this and biossance's squalane oil.
my skin is a-m-a-z-i-n-g
the vitamin c has helped to fade my dark spots
the squalane rose hip oil for free
vitamin c is definitely a trend i'm seeing recommended
rub it all in with my serum
i read the ingredient and saw thd ascorbate.
effective vitamin c derivative that i absolutely love because it brightens
makes my face glow like no other vit c can
i found this thru instagram
like parabens or sulfates
i received the squalane + vitamin c rose oil as a sample
the backs of my h
i've tried a ton of different oils
after i rub it on my h
about $17 for 1oz comparing to some other oils that i have tried from tarte or josie maran
doesn't interfere with retinol or acids
everytime i grab a friend's h
have used squalane oil through toronto winter
the part of my h
would rub it all over my exp
the one with vitamin c
vitamin c cream was the only thing actually helping
i like that it's in a tube instead of a tub
vitamin c serums during the day
put this serum on
the serum is gentle
at night, i use a product with lactic acid.
f you don't cover with your h
i used this in conjunction with the herbivore blue tansy mask
i love that it has arnica
t stops bacteria in its tracks
i love la mer skincare
the anti aging serums from la mer are good at anti aging
very psyched to see a refill of the dior capture dreamskin totale advanced
i went in for a sample of the new peter thomas roth cloud moisturizer
sk-ii please make this fine product cruelty free
i appreciate that sk-ii includes a spatula with the product so you don't have to use your fingers in the jar
power eye cream from sk-ii in exchange for my review
that alone would have been enough for me to give sk-ii r
a for testing from sk-ii
s on from this br
i am a firm believer in probiotics for the face
the active ingredients of palmitoyl pentapeptide-4
the pitera that sk-ii has trademarked is truly remarkable
i received a full size rna power eye cream complimentary from sk-ii
the sk-ii rna power eye cream has aided in creating a smoother
thank you sk-ii for opening my eyes to such an effective product
the sk-ii r.n.a.
this is my first sk ii product
its a heavy glass gar
i received the sk-ii eye cream free from sk-ii in return for an honest review
thank you sk-ii for allowing me to try this power eye cream
i ammo impressed with this cream for sure
since using sk-ii r.n.a.
this serum is fantastic.
before i get on the plane i add another dosage over my makeup
so i decided to give the r.n.a.
i did receive this product from sk-ii to try complementary
i wear contact lenses
when i started using sk-ii's r
i saw a blurb about sk-ii's r
it has good thickness.
peterthomasroth's power k eye rescue
it has a medium thickness lightweight
i combined this product with witch hazel
thanks to the ole henrickson balancing products
i live in arizona
since the az summer
it is definitely a holy grail product!
i love how matte
i get the same satisfaction from paul mitchell's tea tree shampoo
usually i use mario badescu products as they are gentle yet effective
it contains glycolic and lactic acids.
je cherchais un produit pour contrôler la luisance au niveau de mon front
j'ai la peau mixte et j'ai essayé une multitude de produits
j'ai enfin trouvé le produit qui répond à mes besoins
i really like the sheer transformation moisturizer from this br
set with laura mercier powder
thanks to the ole henrickson balancing products
i live in arizona
i am usually a br
since the az summer
i live in austin
i wear this over sunday riley's martian toner
i live in texas so the humidity doesn't help
i am extremely oily in my t-zone
then i use my mia 2 clarisonic with the ole henriksen find your balance cleanser
then follow with my witch hazel toner
f you feel dry
didn't get out of h
i usually use pores no more by dr
love the feel of this serum
i don't like to be super matte
i discovered ole henriksen's oil control hydrator through influenster
usually i use mario badescu products as they are gentle yet effective
it contains rosehip extract
perfecto for oily skin received thanks to influenster
i love this oil control hydrator!
it's the perfect amount milky to light ratio.
i am loving this hydrator
vitamin c is notoriously unstable
even better clinical serum
makes me think of the terrible vit c products that dont even have vit c when they sit on store shelf
fresh vit c works well
the vit c packet cleansers
i love this little serum
i like the idea of having fresh vit c product each time
low for a decent vitamin c face product
i seriously love this product used along with the c face powder
iv seen amazing results on my skin.
as vitamin c is notoriously unstable
i've tried a lot of vitamin c products
i've tried the luna oil
i just started using this serum for my combination
it's the perfect amount of retinol!
i'd never tried a retinol serum before
le higher percentages of retinol
ing as a primer under eyes for cc or concealer
it's a holy grail product for me
worked well under even a densely textured under eye concealer like the kat von d
not a sensitivity per se
want the korean glow
glad they introduced this creme fluid.
absolutely my new holy grail!!!
this is what i expected from the itcosmetics cc cream
i typically wear marc jacobs re
this is my new holy grail.
i am an avid user of laura mercier tinted moisturizer
this skin tint is my new fav
i am replacing my cicapair cream which i lloooovvveee
best purchase of the la mer brand!
i love this gel.
finally, sephora is carrying la mer!
drunk elephants tlc framboos serum
infact it helps to soothe
la mer is my favorite skincare line.
asked me what i was doing buying la mer products
la mer doesn't disappoint with its 'the concentrate
lately i've started to add more la mer products to my regime
i know la mer makes eye creams etc
let me begin by saying i love la mer.
try out la mer
in my opinion one of the best things in the la mer line
i also purchased the regenerating serum
i love using this before i apply the la mer soft fluid foundation
this serum is great for firming and tightening.
the silver applicator w
splurged when sephora started carrying la mer
dot the product around my orbital bone
the regenerating cream is to die for
lm does have a foaming cleanser
my very first la mer product ever.
if i'm removing makeup i do use the la mer cleansing oil first then this gel
or you can wear it overnight under the la mer face cream
a serum is just something i don't use
i got a sample size of caudalievine[activ] glow activating anti-wrinkle serumsephora exclusive in my sephora play
this is a great price for a fine serum.
b/c you shouldn't mixed retinol
i love this serum!
this serum is so nice.
a gentle form of vitamin c
a great antioxidant serum that sinks in quickly with no stickiness
i prefer the old formulation of the c15 line
it's safe to say this is a new antioxidant serum for me
i added this serum
i think truth serum may brighten more
i preferred this to the caudalie radiance serum
next time i'd want to try a more vitamin-c based serum to compare
love all the products from this br
i don't know how much of this is placebo effect
this serum is amazing
this serum helped out my skin a lot!
so, i love the actual serum.
i just put on a bit more serum
the pump stopped pumping the serum consistently
fantastic as a serum layered under moisturiser or on it's own
i am generally sensitive to vitamin c
this serum is great for balancing oil
i am using this serum for preventive purposes
love this serum so much.
serum is a light texture.
makes my skin more equipped to fight the nyc pollutants
this serum is suitable for all skin types
also antioxidant protection from the environment
for me takes about 20min
the rose gold elixir isn't super heavy
i really like this elixir
great for all skin types as i was ance prone
i gotta say after using this consistently w o w
my new holy grail skin care.
farah for making all ur products amaizing
i've noticed when i have r
j'adore ma peau est tellement moins sèche et j'aime beaucoup l'odeur
i don't wear foundation or powder
i swear by this product.
this serum is like no other.
i tried the bougie "rose gold elixir" after seeing it everywhere on insta
i integrated luna into my routine though
holy grail item for sure!
radiance the way i expect la mer to do
2 in morning with my favourite serum
which is my other holy grail
with all the hype on ig
been through several tubes of $$$ prescription meds
i used this as a serum
drunk elephant vitamin c day serum followed by their whipped moisturizer
i then mixed the makeup forever stick with lancôme 24 hr
i set my foundation with cover fx
oily skin in a course of accutane
this serum is marketed as a multi-use serum
when it usually stays perfect for 12 hours with my ud primer potion
i do love this serum
i used it with the ga luminous silk foundation
the armani primer are my all time favorites
not in northern california
it's worth it because it has vitamins
wow j'ai le peau très sèche d'habitude et maintenant elle est douce et hydraté et que dire de l'odeur du produit c'est fantastique j'adore
use it as a primer as well as a serum.
amazon it was like 80 smh
recently bought georgio armani power fabric
this serum is magic.
def wanna try the gold next !
i love this serum.
keep in mind that it is a serum
best serum i've tried, honestly.
silicone primers break me out like crazy
rose hip oil etc
i really like this serum/primer hybrid liquid.
i really prefer it as a serum
perfect befor my moisturizer
perfect as a serum and a primer.
the rose gold elixir
i even returned my la mer moisturizer because the rose gold elixir is so hydrating
good to use as a serum
i am doing korean skin care routine
using as a primer and a serum at night.
f you're not prone to breakouts
the little spoon is h
e this product to my clear skin
lastly my eradikate cleanser with my luna mini 2
u just rub it on ur face dry
this product is made in korea
i try to buy usa made when possible
i'll just clean up with a q tip.
i actually used the spatial to scoop out some
i wouldn't call it a holy grail product
i've tried the clinique one
nude skincare omega cleansing jelly
makeup products to cruelty free br
i've tried the pixi/caroline balm
i love farmacy as a br
i mix a drop or two in with bb cream
so glad that they brought la mer to sephora.
in the morning i start with the la mer soft cream
love to try new primers
ga power fabric foundation
this is the best h
also got the ginseng milk in the same order
my t-zone is shiny
especially my t-zone
i love origins products!
i love origins products
not only am i pale af
i also use retin a
since i moved to canada my skin is dry
to hydrate my dry-combo skin since i moved to ca from wa state
i just grab a h
i am addicted to this serum.
i always have a bottle of this on h
i love the la mer br
go straight to my la mer skin tint
la mer recommends to use it twice daily
i also use the la mer foundation.
this serum is the best skin care product i met in 2017 so far
try the tatcha violet c
i put it on while using my dr dennis gross steamer
my other fav is the la mer revitalizing mask.
just using my h
drug store micellar waters
this is def a holy grail product for me.
this micellar water is amazing
korean make up br
my esthetian recommended me trying products that contains vitamin c to help with the hyper-pigmentation
especially vitamin c stuff
i do prefer the powder packets to the serum tube though
caudalie instant detox mask 2x/week
first aid beauty ultra repair instant oatmeal mask 1x/week
every summer since i started progestin only birth control
u can see ur fine lines dissapear within 2 weeks
i decided to start using retinol
this is serum consistency
plan to buy the matching facial serum too
f i want to use another product such as a serum or mask i give my skin a day of rest between the 2
i tried a sample of this retinol serum
i love that dr
i felt that this serum absorbed nicely
i tried this serum after trying the face cream
i never used thick serum before
this serum is one of my must have products!
even recently kim kardashian
i received a sample from hollywood
the silk cream tho
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
i find it similar to le mer
peter thomas roth's water drench cream does the exact same thing as the tatcha silk cream
so happy i found the perfect cream after using la mer
i used la mer for years
third ingredients are kaolin
packaged in the u
my skin is combo
another favourite from tata harper
the only con is the bottle.
that it has spf
yes it can be used as a serum
i put on moisture surge cc cream
u have to give it a few mins to dry
realized it was a concentrated serum
i read some people use it as a serum
i like to use it as a serum
over my retinol serum
leave the serum on overnight
i recommend you put the actual mask in the fridge for about 10 min
i'd rather spend $12 on this mask that $12 for a salad in nyc
peter thomas roth clay mask
the serum was easy to put on
this is my favorite mask out of the rubber mask line from dr
this is a fab mask!
the water replenishment mask
i used the entire pack of ampoule on my face
it's my first time using dr jart
with my fav clinique exfoliator
refrigerate the serum gel beforeh
first time using any dr. jart mask.
i left the mask on 45 min
i liked the ampoule pack in step 1
ve used variety of sheet masks
i love all the dr jart masks!!
i got the tatcha water cream as a sample with my vib rouge points
it is similar to the sisley paris black rose cream that costs $195
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
7oz it will last as long as a 3oz of another cream
o.m.g...my skin is in love!
you'll benifit from this
i love this so much iv bought a jar
f your worried ab price
ive been pairing this with the rice powder foam wash
going to try tatcha night serum
on top of the retin-a
my skin is oily in the t-zone
use the little spoon which is adorable ps
my t zone is oily skin
i will be using this br
used to use la mer
directions recommend a pearl sized amt which provides decent moisture on my dryish
since im on accutane i dont get acne anymore
def a water cream i will get the full size.
being back in texas
i started using sunday riley luna night oil
s such as la mer
just like the founder vicki tsai says
preface: i have combination skin
a very expensive french one
bought this after an unsuccessful attempt with peter thomas roth water drench cream
i got a sample originally of the silk cream because i have dry skin
super oily in my t-zone
flaky or oily in the t-zone
i saw a big diff in my pores
my pores are def smaller.
the belief aqua bomb
f you want that dewy
its actually the best water cream i have tried vs
i still prefer the la mer gel as a moisturizer
the only other br
i've tried is peter thomas roth
it's literally the length of a ballpoint pen.
i did try ptr water drench cream
i just purchased the new perricone cocoa mask
i hope dr perricone will introduce an eye cloud cream
their vitamin c serum caused me to breakout
decided to try this serum
am i only use ceo
at night i use it after luna before good genes
i think that's fromthe good genes
splurged on many sr products
love a brightening serum from another line
am always hunting for a good vitamin c serum that actually makes it through the layers of my skin
the benefits of vitamin c to fight free radicals
so for c i was using c boost powder
i started trying out the sr products
in conjunction with the ceo cream
all sunday riley products
rotate between the luna
sr might be a little pricey
the bottle says 1x day, but i use it 2x day.
ok i tried the luna oil
i heard about the benefits of vitamin c
size (like good genes)?
i love sunday riley products
this is my current favourite vitamin c serum
i also think this form of vitamin c is more stable
this serum is my new holy grail!
the cherry on top: this vit c doesn't oxidize
to make my sr products last longer
the fragrance fades faster on the serum than it does for c
i've also used ole truth serum
where my other vitamin c oils/serums do not
i've never used a serum that works overnight
try the polished classic rice enzyme powder from tatcha after the ceo oil
decided to give ceo mirco dissolve cleansing oil a try anyway
this stuff is h
like all the other ceo products
marker off my h
i kept comparing it to my other h
in combination with ceo moisturizer
lastly the ceo cream moisturizer
i pump it into the palm of my h
i just rub my h
use my whole h
i am filipino/asian with a light tan complexion
the ren ultra calming are my favourites
my skin is super reactive
i highly recommend trying this with the josie maran whipped argon oil face
i wasent shur about this
i love la mer products
it's my holy grail i highly recommend this.
the ud is certainly comparable
i live in san francisco
it's my holy grail to night time treatment.
emu oil is amazing on your face
serum that i can find
it works better than any serum
s i massage up my neck
i generally don't h
le any fragrance well
i don't look like mir
i love that it contains all of the natural vitamins
i even stopped using dr dennis gross peel pads since purchasing these peels
it was cray like in texture
if you're in the market for an eye serum
absolutely love this serum.
i tried la mer
this korres eye serum is totally a game changer
i used this serum twice a day
this is the best eye serum i have
in the day i don't use the retinol
if it's anything like the 3d eye serum
this new serum feels so lightweight
it removes all foundation/bb cream/powder.
this serum is so lightweight
this is a thinner serum
the shaba serum is amazing!
i am currently using all of these products in the d
my dark circles are a combination of genetics
so beautiful since i use this serum
the serum after that
i really liked the de non-toxic philosophy
my de eye serum
this serum is amazing.
this eye serum was recommended by a sephora employee
i've never used an eye serum before
that is alot as far as eye serum goes.
i've never been "wowed" by an undereye cream or serum
this serum is a godsend.
pronounced bags under my eyes
the texture is like a serum
i am planning to use this over my retinol serum
i love all of d.e.
some pronounced fine lines
including this eye serum
this is a cream rather than a serum
it should at $170/oz
literally i have yet to come across a d.e.
de-puffing effects with it as well
on that note i use bareminerals stroke of light concealer- tip- put it on in one stroke- it's liquidy- let it sink in for 1+ min
i love using masks
i love all de products.
i also store the container inverted
after eyeing on de the br
then i went on to buy the tlc framboo serum
it suds quicker by h
the only product this cleanser had a hard time taking off was my kat von d tattoo liner
acids on a regular basis like me
the bars had wheat
beste has done the trick
eyes w/ the beste jelly
beste jelly for pm
it's just like the littles umbra packaging.
in addition to the pekee + juju bar soap combo
i find it works best to apply to h
ing up on your sink
while de is a fantastic br
decided to go solely with the de jelly cleanser
i did get stinging with the dr
got this at vib rouge event
after my caudaile micellar water
soo thought id try since i like what the br
om acne ive been getting
yay for mid 20s
i like to follow this up with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel
have a great skin care routine which includes mario badescu lancôme
this is the absolute holy grail for me.
followed with milk oil
thank you dr. jart for creating this moisturizer!
the gold gel masks are amazing
i am currently on accutane
my new holy grail mask!
$20 for .5 fl oz, that's about 2-3 uses.
2oz less product then the large pot of the original gravitymud mask
"tata harper clarifying mask" is one of them
mix this serum with philosophy turbo booster c powder
it's not medicinal either
which i like with masks
i would love to purchase the full size of this or another mask from tata harper
've been testing out various aha/bha products
i feel it lathers better in the h
i used the whole jar
need in a mask xoxo
i received this product on june 14
which is t-zone
t doesn't not dissolve
when i tested this on the giorgio armani lip magnet
not drying ur skin at all
smaller than my h
i don't have big h
i lobe it a lot
korres greek yoghurt foaming cream
i picked up this product r
ut does the job
my favorite product up to this point was the vitamin nectar face mask
it has vitamin c vitamin e vitamin b5 also minerals magnesium
almost like patting in the j
much less than my 90 dollar de serum
especially in between days when i do lactic acid treatments
as a fan of snail based skincare
i followed the directions to a t
m using a clear plastic knife instead lol
packaging is cute af
i applied to the back of my h
if a product is in high dem
skincare regimens from countries like japan
definitely a holy grail product.
i can deff see a glow
i am slowly switching over to all korean skincare products
need more wks use to confirm pore result
the serum at the same time
i am 27, have combo skin.
they could more effectively brighten skin by replacing this ingredient with ar
it's super comparable to the sk ii essence for half the price
i also use the vinoperfect serum right after
it is milder than a concentrated serum
this worked 10x better than my thayers witch hazel toner
after toning with belief witch hazel
i also use the corresponding caudalie serum.
not a holy grail item
i like this cleanser better than the j
i love that the it was formulated to be at a low ph
hyaluronic acid in it
i absolutely love this serum.
after using this serum morning
this philosophy serum was brilliant!
the serum isn't sticky like others i've used
i also use hope in a jar after i put the serum on
i read about antioxidant serums
mimic or do more than this serum
glutathione is one of the most powerful antioxidants
i do want to try adding philosophy's vitamin c-booster to it like the bottle says
this serum is full of good ingredients
she would recommend me to use a serum
this serum works like a charm!
this is just an amazing serum!
i would def recommend this product because its gentle
i love this serum.
after checking ingredients of this serum due to breastfeeding
sb might be really sensitive with it
this is a great serum
decided to give this serum a go
i love this serum and will continue to use it.
this makes sense to me as vit c is critical for collagen production
i mix this with the philosophy vitamin c powder
a retinol product twice a week since i was 20
i can't live without this serum.
the "turbo booster c powder
assuming i could have the vitamin c turbo booster on h
you have the option of adding the vitamin c booster
much better than serums pre-mixed with a strong level of vitamin c
this serum has changed my skin.
i panic if i'm getting low on the serum.
now i'm mixing it with this super lightweight serum
the peptides can't hurt either!
i mix in philosophy vitamin c powder into it
about 1/4 of the time i mix it with the powder vitamin c booster
i thank this serum entirely for that
awesome first serum purchase experience
i am now taking a small dosage of amino acid supplements to see if my overall skin stays "glowing
i am going to try a vita c serum next
a few times a week i add the turbo booster c powder
i am a faithful user of this serum
when hope is not enough mixed with the turbo booster c powder
i decided to finally try this serum
i guess when i think of the word "serum"
i mix it with turbo c booster during the day
when using it without the turbo c
hope in a tube for 5+ years
if i run out of this serum
with the added vitamin c booster powder
this serum is great
i really think that it's due to the vitamin c in this serum
increased dryness adn lack of firmness
i mix it with the vitamin c booster powder
i also use it at night after miracle worker retinol pads
and it's a great price for a serum.
i love this serum.
this serum is easy to use.
i love this serum.
compared to other antioxidant serums
i love this serum!
take a deep breath mixed with vitamin c booster
found this serum to be a necessary part of my daily skin care
love this serum a lot!
it has the ingredient peptides in it
this is my favorite serum.
i follow with the estée lauder night repair serum
at night i used it under the retinol serum.
night serum each from different br
i cannot deny that this product hydrates.
my routine from base to top is usually toner > aha/bha > serums
like sunday riley good genes
probably the best skincare ive ever used.
if you're into k-beauty
doesn't matter i drink 1l of water per day
lip scrubs i used my lips were still dry af
a traditional stick of balm is around 4g
a squeeze tube of a popular lip treatment is 7g
but in this jar there is 20g of product!!!!
comes with a cute little applicator w
i drink lots of water
it comes with a h
y utensil for application
due to my use of retinol
have constantly my ac on
ng best d*mn lip mask
an dir comes with a cute little w
it comes with a h
the applicator is cute
the laneige lip sleeping mask retailed for $18 at aritaum
cracked over the ny winter
even jack black in the b u t t
because in the ac
i would recommend this to oily or combination skins
i would compare this product to the sunday riley water enzyme moisturizer
swatching on my h
i am aa with dry skin
t lasts so long
a little goes a lon way
i get flaky skin on my forehead r
very oily in the t-zone
living in arizona means that i have externally dry skin
it has micro-hyaluronic acid
ao i mostly use this before bed
i would def recommend.
overall, i would reccomend to dry skinned gals.
mixed it in with my j one jelly pack as a sleeping mask/sleeping pack
i am a fan of korean br
literal heaven n my dry skin
all i know is that this gives the kenzoki belle de jour a run for its money in my skincare routine
i've tried out the water bank serum as well
ards when it comes to a product like this
even beats the charlotte tilbury magic cream imo
i rub the excess cream on my h
after using this for 4-6 wks dark circles
ive gone through 4 or 5 full sizes of this cleanser
i absolutely love micellar waters
enriched cream in one
aka various plant extracts or extracts from special compounds
like honey or spirulina
this easily applies with any serum or spf i use
think lightweight like dr
it has hyaluronic acid in it
works great und r makeup too!!
because it feels almost like a serum
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
i also use this mask 2x a week
t was definitely this mask
from glamglow to fresh to peter thomas roth to josie madam
i like the mask
or anyone whose skin loves vitamin c
the color is soo pretty
the vitamin c in this mask is water soluble
vitamin c is one of the best for anti ageing
i love korean skincare, it has changed my skin.
i read the ingredients
japanese beauty berry for brightness
you get 1.7oz which is generous.
i tested an advanced sample of tatcha violet-c radiance mask over the weekend on clean skin
love the high spf 40
this is not comparable to a cc cream.
its not a bb or cc cream
some t-zone powder
normally reach for smashbox bb or clinique cc creams
love this powdered mask !
hydra therapy vitality treatment mask
n love with this eye gel
first time ever that i haven't had to powder my t-zone 3x a day
antioxidants which blends seamlessly into my skin
foundation in a pump or dropper?
the product is abbot oily
the serum has almost an oily feeling
the serum itself is pretty lightweight
it was a good solid serum
i tried the double serum for 7 days complimentary of influenster
this double serum is not one i would discard.
this serum is perfect for night time!
perhaps it's a combination of the serum
the serum was very oily
i used this serum for 7 days
i will say this is a bit of a pricier skin care serum
this serum is very thick
the serum isn't greasy
i just finished a 7 day trial of the clarins double serum
the texture is fine, a normal serum.
also the adjustable dosage pump would be cool to try out
the serum applies a bit oily at first
this serum is really great
apply lol products at night because of all the benefits of natural oils
the texture is just like any other serum
turmeric is great for the skin.
i chose to apply the serum nightly after a freshly showered face
this serum works wonders .
i really enjoyed this serum from clarins.
it didn't feel much firmer per se.
the double serum was light
i am currently on accutane
t was easily spreadable
i definitely enjoyed this serum
i stick to mostly high end products using la mer in the winter
this is the first serum that i have tried.
i've never been a huge serum fan
i find the double serum system great
this product is lovely for a serum.
the double serum feels like a facial oil when first applied
am in love with this serum
i like the serum
this serum is a nice addition too
decreased pore size in my t zone
offre une bonne hydratation en réduisant l'aspect des cernes creuses
meilleur produit testé à ce jour.
i would say it's like liquid gold in a bottle.
only been using this collagen for 2 days
collagen is the first ingredient
i am in ❤️ with liquid collagen!
i love the little gold beads.
have suffered from r
ceramic applicator, yes please.
however, this s##t is f#####g gnarly.
after apply my clinique or good genes lotion
def more oily than dry
this serum is very gentle and is showing results.
honestly the scent reminded me of bath oil beads from the 90s from my gr
i love this serum.
for reference, i have oily combination skin.
i also use volition's helix eye gel
ards for the competition to strive for
articles about this mask called the volition detoxifying silt gelee
use the mask 2-3x a week
i've ordered this through volition beauty
this gel is a keeper!
i love this boost gel.
soft wich comes in h
leaves your skin feeling g youthful
it assists in collagen
it also has vitamin c content
sodium hyaluronate that made me even more curious because of the instant plumping effect
i’ll purchase more skin care from this br
i’m interested in trying the helix restorative gel next
i tested out this helix am/pm eye gel
it glides so effortlesly and dimishes fine les.
i highly recommend this br
i love this gel.
going au naturel with this is very achievable!
lo and behold, the helix restorative gel!
the helix am/pm eye gel is very light weight
helix eye gel is another great volition product that doesn't disappoint
i live in utah
if you like la mer, you'll like this.
when i first came to usa
my life changed by this magic serum which i swear by it
i looooove this serum for my dry skin!
i wake up w glowy skin every time i use this :)
my night time serum of the same br
i swear by these 2 serums
so thrilled this skincare br
the serum-like texture
i do switch up my vitamin c serums this one is a constant in the rotation
i used this 2x a day
those were easily removed by this miracle serum
then again idk any cream or serum that can permanently firm
holy grail mask for sure
please carry the 5oz.
then finally the lapis facial oil
a serum in your routine is
i love the truth serum too
began using it after my murad aha/bha cleanser
my hormones are in full swing
i wasnt quite interested in splurging on the sunday riley good genes product
tony moly sheet masks
i got a 7 day sample of this gel along with the truth serum
i decided to return all the r
om stuff i had
recently got sample packs of this gel moisturizer vitamin c serum
this is the absolute best serum i've used.
ole products are excellent
i put it on after my toner/serum
holy grail status for sure!
kat von d foundation on top
tatcha tripe recovery indigo cream
such as tatcha triple recovery cream or belif aqua bomb
holy moly this product is everything
i don't break out more than the r
i wish ole henricksen would remove the citrus extracts in this product
i want to try a different serum
this product is my holy grail night treatment.
tried the drunk elephant serum
it's very comparable to the sunday riley good genes serum for half the price
i tried the drunk elephant glycolic serum comparable to this
after i apply the gel
i dont know if its placebo effect
i am 29 with combination skin
one of its main ingredients is lactic acid
f you're interested in sunday riley's good genes
alternating with ole henriksen truth serum
i follow with dr. dennis gross moisture cushion.
use argan oil over it
i will continue to use this serum!
i wrote this for the vitamin c brightening serum
peter thomas roth products before to help with the not so cute texture that was creeping up on my cheeks
i fell in love with the ren glycolic acid mask
african red tea foaming wash
the first pic is my reaction to allergens
i originally bought the kit just to try out the luna oil
i am pone to acne
i've ben using the ole sheer moisture
ard bumps around my jawline
i used fab's ultra repair cream or whatever one night bc i needed more hydration
this is perfect for dry canadian winters
t smells like pink starbursts so that's a plus haha
this stuff--bomb.com!!
great day mositurize for canadian winters.
has helped me to keep my acne under contro
vit c activating oil
y or ice cream of my youth
i highly recomend this glorious product
truth revealed super creme spf15 combined
subtracting one star for smelling like st.
i trust the ole br
my holy grail forever.
i miss the african red tea cleanser
while using my clarisonic mia
my brush on the mia is not brown with foundation.
my sa recommended this
i switched from peter thomas roth
smoot plus with vitamin c makes me glow
this is the best cleanser w/ benefits!!!
since i've been using ole henriksen's vitamin c truth serum my breakouts are close to none
in addition to the aloe vera
i often use this with my mia 2
i just apply it with my h
then algenist genius ultimate anti-aging serum finished with korres black pine firming night cream
i then i use the vitamin c serum too
especially the ones from the vitamin c line
i only use it on the days when i'm not using my peter thomas roth glycolic acid facial wash
the vitamin c does a great job at brightening as well
they have now formulated w/o them
has vitamin c which is great
have normal/combo skin
it pairs perfectly with my clarisonic mia 2
i can tell the difference between aplying a chemical product ans this wonder
i tried the african tea cleanser that came with the oh travel kit
oily in the t-zone
who has oily skin has started to use it b/c it has helped his oiliness as well
while i can't contri
in combination with fab retinol used 2-3xweek
the ole henriksen walnut scrub used 2-3xweek
ed the whole line
ing that they're reformulated a number of products
controls my oily t-zone
walking through the texas heat
then i apply ptr retinol pm
i started using this product after the thomas roth moisturizer stopped working for my skin
this product has vitamin c with is perfect for spots
african red tea cleanser
with a slightly oily t-zone
for years i used the drugstore br
i needed an am moisturizer as i use la mer in the pm
i've used vitamin c products before
i am 17 with combination skin
this serum is gold.
my morning routines used to include a bb or a cc cream
after i fell in love with the serum
i love this serum!
i love the serum consistency
love the truth serum.
i apply this serum
this serum really is great
it is a nice serum
this is the serum that amber in sephora eaton centre recommended to me
this is the perfect serum to use for someone who's a beginner in the vit c category
i ran out of this serum
this is a holy grail in my morning skin care.
i absolutely love the truth serum by ole.
when i first tried this serum i used it 2x a day morning
a dab of the serum after
the vc serum works effectively after my night routine
i think it's a good place to start for someone new to skincare or vitamin c
right now i mix 2 squirts with a squeeze of dr
dennis gross skincare clinical concentrate radiance booster™
this vitamin c serum is the absolute og of the space
ard for all serums
this serum is bomb.
anything with collagen is an a+ in my book!
i never believed in serums until i tried the olehenriksen line of vitamin c
it was just this serum
i loved this serum
then rubbing my h
s together to warm up the serum
this is a great vitamin c serum that has not broken me out or dried out my skin
thought maybe this serum would enhance that
i love this serum.
mini 3 little wonders + cleanse
though i'm definetely repurchasing the african red tea foaming cleanser
this truth serum work wonders together
this serum is fantastic!
my only concern was the transparent bottle because i read that vitamin c gets unstable
i love the consistency of the serum
the serum can be a bit sticky
legitimately the best serum ever!!
use it at nite
this is my first serum purchase
this serum is great
ts important to use a moisturizer once u use this
love the truth serum
this used to be my og vitamin c product.
i also used the night serum by this br
ts not too thick
serum ole henriksen's vitamin c serum
eye cream by clinique
use this over the sunday riley martian toner
after a year plus of using vitamin plus i cannot live without it
f i get blemishes
canada) recommended ole henriksen vitamin c plus.
he gave me samples including ole henriksen aloe vera face wash
prior to finding vitamin plus
this has been h
le on my hormonal acne
very oily in the t-zone
i absolutely love how it's infused with vitamins
i am a serial product tester.
t is perfect under foundation
natural ingredients like aloe vera
not to mention is has vitamins a
e which are all the important vitamins to protect the skin
along with all of the ole henriksen products
i formerly used decleor's hydrafloral emulsion
i love the ole henriksen truth serum gel
it has rolled oat flour in it
i like the creme!
my cousin also said she likes this much better than the la mer cream or georgio armani's la crema
even when on retin a im oily.
i used the ancienne serum paired with the ancienne cream
followed with my retin a
exact same minus retin a
the creme applies well.
from the company that is also louis vuitton
i think this is better than la mer.
i've used both the regular crème ancienne
very similar to creme de la mer
ed face creams that made zero difference
i finally decided to try creme ancienne
add a serum before using this product over it
steroids etc...nothing worked.
like it special for the canadian winter you need little for a use i keep perches k again
very similar to creme de la mer
made by monks in europe
mer to cheaper say yes to carrot nigh moisturizers
i also use roc daily resurfacing disks day
i applied it like la mer
massaged it in my h
doesn't leave that greasy layer that la mer did
reminds me of crème del a mer in consistency.
put in in a 1/2 oz little plastic pot
i also put it in a 1 oz plastic pot
unlike la mer, etc.
far superior to le mer
had to return it to nm
i ordered this creme
i am 43, live in nyc, and am prone to dry skin.
my skin is combo
same for nasal/lab.
i looked up the eye creme online
i usually use arbonne's re9 anti-aging night creme
better than la mer
started using creme ancienne after a recommendation
i love the thickness of this product
compared to the la mer this is def more oilier
i think this cream is similar to de la mer's cream in the way of using
however i like fresh's creme better
i live in arizona nad it's really dry out here
medicines i decided to go on acutane
i love this creme
balances the oil in my t-zone
creme ancienne is the winner.
penetrates much better than la mer.
use creme ancienne at night
i am african america with combination
very oily t zone
even on super humid texas days.
it really hydrates mt skin.
i put this on after algenist genius vitamin c+ serum
only go through a 4 oz jar ever 6 mo or so
this one is my h
i only use this when i have a r
om bad breakout or to a specific area or zit
just like acid-based products
i even quit taking my rx medication
this was my first retinol-containing product
i wouldnt say it was hydrating
first time i tried a retinol
i usually dont use philosophy products i like ptr
i live in the sunshine state florida
ts impossible to avoid the sun
i tried philosophy's retinol pads
i went on all types of antibiotics
moderate to severe acne w/o birth control
after careful reviews of otc products containing tretinoin
i didn't find it to be drying al all.
im up to my 2nd tube now
i've tried tretinoin and other retin a products.
use a bit of peter thomas roth acne clearing gel
best retinol product on the market.
philosophy's hope in a jar p
since l already use rosehip face oil by pai in the mornings
serum to use at night
i really like this retinol.
i am in love with this potion
thanks to dad's olive italian skin
found this retinol product
i would recommend this product if you're not allergic to retinol
i used prescription strength retin-a for years
i am a religious user of spf 45
a huge improvement in my sebaceous hyperplasia
this is the first time i"ve used a retinol product
t doesn't get cakey
the only difference was the absence lotus gel.
i applied the gel
i just wrote a review for the fresh black tea age delay eye crème which i use with the lotus eye gel
i top this with the black tea age delay eye crème
on the other h
i tried this product on my h
love this de-puffer!
awesome eye de-puffer!!!
i still use gg
ny pores are so much in control
i got it a tube version
applied with my luna mini
before sunday riley's luna sleeping oil
this mask controlled my poly t-zone while keeping my dry spots moisturized
oily in my t zone
the glass (or ceramic?)
i love clay masks
dennis gross face peels
i don't know if i can pay $62 for a 3 oz jar.
my t-zone is super oily
i love that it's a 3-5 min mask
i love the sephora clay mask
the best since i only need to put it on for 5 min max
: i applied the mask
warm up between h
hence, i'm on my 4th tube!
i used la roche posey products
i do need something more moisturizing for winters in ny
i love the serums
staff @ sephora in soho
more to the antioxidant power
then i layer with the caudalie spf15 day cream or clarins uv day plus
on the other h
living in houston with such high humidity
oily t-zone look
i also use the caudalie serum
so gentle and dosent strip your skin.
caudalie is an awsome br
wipe away with witch hazel toner
i first tried this with the 500 pt kit
my t zone is oily
used with my mia 2 this gives amazing results.
ole henriksen herbal day cream in the morning
démaquillant très doux, qui n'assèche pas.
laisse la peau très douce.
même si mon maquillage est très léger
il laisse parfois des résidus
je dois donc terminer par l'application d'un tonique
new products which contain polyphenol
c15 overnight detox oil
claims for anti-aging etc
oiliness in my t-zone
in combination with the belif aqua bomb
i normally use chanel gel purete while i am home
i love all boscia cleansings.
i trust this br
which is sk-ii facial cleanse
and has very richy foam, just like sk-ii.
(note: i have combination skin.)
i am 36 with combo skin.
i don't use it with my mia2
i just apply with my h
i currently use prescription retin-a
including my kat von d foundation!
this is the first amino acid based cleanser i own
les makeup removal wonderfully
i love the actual applicator.
i love this product b/c it seems to prevent pimples from surfacing
cheaper than kate somerville's eradikate acne treatment
i love the applicator
this is such a greta product!
le the tube so that i don't get black flakes all over my h
i hate liquid pens!
des shrink blemishs...remember don't pick!
who has combo skin
im on the 2nd bottle
i love this all natural br
i can't use anything with salacylic acid or harsh peroxides
de-puffs in the morning
tried this amino ag treatment
yall this eye cream is life!!!
ful of different eye creams
try to aim for 1/2 to 2/3 of a pump haha
this product has gotteb ny tired eyes together.
i love products that are ph balanced
ering around sephora when i r
the boscia enlivening amino-ag eye treatment was the right one for me
i tried philosophy's high density hope in a tube.
after one pm use of this boscia amino-ag eye treatment
ive found that in this product
it's richer than a gel
please take your oil supplements 3
9 or coconut oils etc
vitamin c rose oil
i used up every drop of the greek yoghurt face cream
also i ise it in conjunction with the rose peel!
i get the occasional pms breakout
lotus super seven complex
n love with these products
nourished my skin until i began to experiment with diy
i am afican american with dry skin
my skin has gotten better through the use of products/bc
it wa between this
lots of vitamin c to do the trick
oily in the t-zone
i like to mix it with a little bb cream
i tried a sample of korres' quercetin
taking a star out b/c of that
highly recommend to asian girls who want to brightening the skin
deja el rostro súper limpio y no la reseca
which is the 8 oz
bought the 8oz in august
i paid $24 for the 8oz
definitely a great stocking stuffer.
i used philosophy purity omg
i don't study chemicals
i've heard this product is amino acid based
the ingredients in this one are the best imo
holy grail product for sure!
i upgraded to the 24oz bc i love it so much.
i recommend following it up with the vinoperfect radiance serum by caudalie
occasionally using the bright lover rubber mask by dr jart
i recommend this with the sephora br
silicon exfoliating pad or mia 2 for a soft face
it's gentle on y skin
i like the murad br
y for my mornings
i'll switch back the vitamin c cleanser
this + the murad supplements + hope in a jar works wonders for me
the skincare consultant @ sephora recommended this to me
my sensitive skin i can't live w/o it
the container lasts forever b/c a little goes a long way
good compliment to any dr
i am african american
i absolutely love this serum.
sometimes 3 of the serum day
i also used the serum in combination with a derma roller
this is different than my last type of vitamin e
i am completely in love with this vitamin c facial serum by anthony
this is my daily serum
love this one as a daytime serum with anti-oxidants
this is a nice serum.
i loved what the vitamin c did for my face
stability of the vitamin c in anthony's vitamin c facial serum
this is now my favorite serum
just purchased the vit c serum.
i am using this serum every night
after trying several different vitamin c serums
so far all of the anthony br
have used it 2x a day along w my usual routine
i also use the c serum from anthony logistics.
the vitamin a treatment isn't sticky
by far the best pore serum i've ever seen
along with an extractor tool about 1x per wk
paired with the right regiment of cleansing
derma doctor knows exactly how to h
i often use it instead of moisturizer after i use the mia
thats def after my bottle is finished
i ave been using this product for about 10 days
this is the only pore minimizer i buy.
i tried a clinique pore serum
thsi is by far my favorite pore minimizer.
then peter thomas roth laser free at night
i went through a whole bottle of perricone md intensive pore minimizer without feeling like it did much
i felt like my pores were the size of the gr
h2o plus pore minimizing gels
stare contests etc etc
first i got dr br
s to expensive luxury br
used this w murad serum for redness
switched back to argan oil bc i like how it looks under makeup
i hate the container.
i mix the seaberry oil with my roc night cream
or i use a lightweight moisturizer like fresh's lotus preserve over it minus the oil
in conjunction with a serum
any bacteria from my h
cc&c is wonderful for me.
thanks again, dr. kunin!
i also love the dispenser
intense pulsed light laser therapy
i like the dispenser
after a long day i k.o.
my skin cannot h
le thick moisturizers i will clump up
ran out of my prescription meds
i started using this cream last december
this product is h
better then prescription meds and lasers.
using the brush rather than my h
i would have to use hydrocortisone cream at times to calm down the perricone md effects
this is even better than la mer french skin creams
hesitated at first b/c of the price
i dab it on 2x a day
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
this was recommended by the sa
ive tried many creams
especially for colorado climate
i really like many of the md products
you need to use this formula with the radiance renewal serum
layer the eye cream over topf of the serum
i keep in a small tupperware.
or has vitamin c in it
i also got the umbrian serum
along with this product i also purchased the umbrian mattifying clay mask
kate somerville products were no help
it is a block of pure clay.
work it in your h
the smear your face with bar or your h
i follow up with josie maran argan oil
i just wet my h
i believe i read that umbrian clay is from italy?
dip the bar in the wet h
then using my dry h
there's no soap/sulfate effect to it.
i just moved to hawaii after living in ultra-dry arizona
rub the bar on my h
lastly, love that its all natural >*-*<
put my contact lenses in
i already can ser results in my face
anything with salicylic acid
followed by witch hazel then moisturizer
kate somerville goat milk worked great
usually you can get a small bottle for 100 pts
soft skin is my fav
my pennsylvania dutch gr
i follow up with the rose serum
idk if its just bc i have sensitive skin
i used the mask
i just purchased this in april 2015.
a portion of anthony proceeds go to prostate cancer research
your skin will look br
thanks to heather at the birmingham
al galleria store for all the help
i like this mask.
besides all the vitamins it has esp vit e are great to keep younger looking skin :
use the clay mask 1-2 times per week max
paired either with either a cleanser by dr
or tata harper depending on what my skin needs
i also use it as a st
i swear they changed the formulation
i am buying the seconde one!
it is completely water soluble
i either wear a bb cream
very oily t-zone
fwiw i have normal/combo skin.
the matte effect is just phenomenal on my florida oily prone skin
the price tag cause you only get 50ml
it pairs so nicely with the c-firma day serum from drunk elephant
it goes perfect with the bb cream i wear on normal days
f you have dry skin
put my christian dior perfector on
i apply good genes
i subtracted a star from my review because i cannot st
im oily/combo skin
the ud one is rather heavy
i usually use ud's de slick powder
some days i pair it with my belif serum
especially when under a cc cream
not a greasy light reflecting face haha.
after a week of consistent use i am g l o w i n g
after that i put on my bobby brown's bb cream
i love this serum
this serum is fantastic!
i love these products i'm more a fan of the serum it's improved my skin
this serum is a life saver.
i got a sample of 10 ml at first for this serum.
i try before the luna
this serum is my go to.
this is such a fab serum!
this serum is wonderful!
i've started using both serum
it will leave you g l o w i ng!!!
this serum has helped out a lot
tx store for helping me out
this serum helped my skin come back to life.
i tried a lot of serum in the past，seriously a lot
this serum is no exception.
etc with different vitamin c serums
as soon as i applied the serum
this little serum is seriously formidable
this serum not only cleared up
follow with this serum
use the bright lover rubber mask by dr jart whenever you can
otherwise i wear benefit's oxygen wow
remember this : go buy this serum
had used ole henriksen's truth serum
this caudalie serum is the bomb.
this serum has completely neutralized my skin
was trying so many products including le mer
this serum is simply amazing.
i am almost out of the serum
of skin care i use
also ole henriksen truth serum
amazed by this serum!
this serum is amazing!
i layer this one with the resveratrol serum as well for lifting an fine lines
purchased this serum to even my skin tone
i live in minnesota
ive found better scrubs exactly like this at target
was previously using a kate somerville exfoliator
holy grail status for me.
double cleansing with shu
i would def recommend to anyone!
use it uo to 4 x
everyones skin is different
in search of my hg
just repurchased this for the 3rd time- i swear by this exfoliator
obviously with a light h
it is senstive due to using retin a
this works really well.i like the microbeads.
make up residue are removed w/o harming my skin
truly a holy grail product.
didn't have to use h
my t-zone is very oily
when i want to have more exfoliation i just use it with my clarisonic mia
about 30 min after applying
le meilleur produit que j'ai utilisé de loin
il reste beau jour apres jour
this product + one cup of coffee + one glass of water = no puffy morning eyes
ive tried many gels
to expensive for my blood
i've used la mer and this stuff is gold!
2 oz version of this in a kit
i've always ah dark circles
i used one mid range br
youre in the market for an eye cream
it's an instant boost to ur skin
plus i have found a drugstore br
moisturized for the canadian winter
t that i had on h
i tested it against chanel.
it says only an eye serum
is the gold st
it not only de-puffs
my skin is combo
lancôme's la base pro are faves
i pat this on under my bb cream
i an thinking about going back to clarins "éclat de beauté "
t needs a base cream
ole henriksen "perfect truth cc cream" with spf 30 year round
it does have a faint old gr
ed then quickly apply foundation
charlotte tilbury foundations with it
i've gone through my fair share from laura mercier to hourglass to chanel
it's in her video of primers.
then rub it in your h
i've tried many primers- urban decay
i now use it after applying my bi-weekly facial mask
best primer i ve tried!
make up for ever hd primer
j'ai essayé toutes les bbcrèmes grâce avec votre kit mais je préfère et de loin ce balme
c'est lui qui procure la plus belle luminosité au visage
my preferred primer even when i use bb cream.
def a "pick me up" for skin
may be my new hg!
from watching lisa eldridge on youtube
i apply it with my h
i will be buying the b flash balm
coffee grounds lm eye shadow
lm shadow vanilla nuts
lm lip stick or clarins gloss
i like to layer this under my smashbox camera ready bb cream
best face wash ever;) ..i luv it...
adore the eye-lift serum
y have any beneficial antioxidants
i used my favorite serum
the exfoliate by dr
lol i have combo-oily skin
plus i live in miami which is high humidity
only on my oily t-zone
i noticed a difference while using it with the perricone md intensive pore treatment
on the other h
if you also use dr
now after accutane i really enjoy this product
i am also using the flaws no more triple peptide cream as my night time moisturizer
i switched from boscia's line of skin care over to dr
all u need is a cpl pumps
i started using dr
i also use this with my clarisonic mia =
i also use other product of dr
i just ordered the eye cream
i recently switched to dr. brandt.
the foaming action is amazing.
i love the dr. brandt products.
dr. brandt is amazing!
this product along with one other from dr
i've combination skin, so oily t-zone.
love dr. brandts pores no more...
with an oily t zone
with any dr b products it is about patting
because it truely makes a difference in refining pores
i i am using dr
dr. dennis gross+ddf in the night.
have been using dr br
i started out trying pores no more to go kit to test out dr
the pore refiner wasn't essential
this is second product i have tried from dr
i recently switched to dr. brandt.
i recently switched to dr. brandt.
dr. brandt is amazing!
exellent for my skin
if i use it, i do as a nighttime creme.
with the help of two other dr br
i also use the vacume extractor
with the help of dr
i now use this lotion w/out fail at night
it doesn't helped an amazing amout w/mattifying my skin
when i put this creme on
i've tried sooo many pore refining products
was worried b/c this cream has a thick texture
i think im gonna give dr brandt a call!
i couldn't extract them
i am also african american
i just switched from ddf to dr
dr. brandt skincare is magic!
i also like dr. brant's whole line!
i seriously think dr
i now use this product before i ever reach for aloe
in the northern california sun
it's summer here in argentina
holy grail product for me!
i got this as a companion for my clinique sunscreen for my semi-annual trip to hawaii from ak
i liked the formulation
it's $38 dollars for 1 oz
this korres gel is $23 for 5 oz
works better than aloe vera!
it's definitely much better than regular aloe vera
my irish skin is in love
i won't go thru another texas summer without itii
hot months in texas
tried a generic aleo gel
even though i applied spf 70
they couldn’t compare to the awesomeness of the korres yoghurt cooling gel
i love this gel.
i now keep this on h
i love this gel.
i prefer the l'occitane shea light 5% shea
t isn't filled with chemicals or preservatives
in this awful illinois weather
i def recommend this cream.
plus it doesn't have all the junk in it like parabens etc
s to quench my skin
om dry patches during the winter
my hg creme de la creme.
ter is coveted for being a wonder ingredient for any ailment your skin has
this stuff is the creme de la creme
neither is the h
f you have normal or oily skin
due to the high concentration of shea
i wear this over the fabulous serum
i live in the interior of alaska.
this is the only cream that will tame my "face d
i can even skip foundation primer potion
ia little miracle in a bottle.
b vitamins i now have beautiful skin again
it is the promise l
this creme is deluxe--i do not know the ingredients beyond the shea
even the coveted creme de la mer
t works great my h
unfortunatly he is allergic to soy topically
t doesn't interfere with his cologne
must be nice :-o
f you are a flowery type person
since i started using the essential c night
i prefer it over the essential-c eye cream as well
i like to use the c night formulation on my entire face
good in the t zone
pigment lightening serum before going to bed
i used combine with the night serum it's amazing the results
love the vitamin c
since my dermotologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i love the quality of these murad vitamin c products
i love the cessential c line it tightens
over-oily t-zone areas
dk how well it does with makeup
i love the entire essential c regimen.
skin lightening serum that is included in the murad essential c line
i live in fl, and my makeup stays on all day.
josie maria has a nice product
i love that it contains vitamin c
once i started using the essential-c
i really like this sunscreen that it has vit c in it
since it contains vitamin c
there are no sulfates or phthalates
like more concentrated vitamin c
i noticed am putting less on than when i first used it b/c this moisturizer really balances skin hydration
day cream in the c range
even in mumbai in 100 degrees
i like thats its gmo free
i love all of the murad essential c products
i fixed this by picking up the 100 point sample of the laura mercier foundation primer
i "discovered" it thru the sun kit
has a slight vita-c smell to it
also took a star off b/c it's quite pricey w/o any added benefits
i love the high spf
other than zinc oxide or titanium dioxide
that perfect product that made my skin feel great w/ or w/out makeup
vitamin c is the key ingredient here
along with the antioxidants
the vitamin c is definitely brightening
the other products in this vitamin c line are awesome
i also use the step 2 vitamin c
---------------------------este produxto es buenisimo si estas en busca de algo que limpie tu cara sin resecarla
desde que lo uso los barritos que salen por el periodo han disminuido bastante
quizas es un poco costoso pero por la cantidad que trae y la calidad del producto vale la pena
the vitamin-c in this product helped my skin greatly
getting a mia revolutionized my skin
i really like this cleanser bc my face looks
the texture is a light gel consistancy that doesn't foam alot
i love the murad essential-c cleanser.
i do use the vitamin c serum by murad at night as well
love this cleanser with vitamin c.
honestly i'm not always great with topical forms of vit c
vit c skin products sometimes disagree with my skin
vitamin c is such a wonderful thing for your skin
a lil' dab will do ya!
super shiny t-zone with super dry
the active radiance serum
vitamin c is great for brightening your skin as i have been told
my dermotologist told me that i needed to use products containing vitamin c antioxidants
lots of great vitamin contents for skin.
i would rate it as high as the arbonne vitamin c cleanser
i first tried this cleanser in their vitamin c starter kit
i now use the murad vitamin c line cleanser
the amore pacific enzyme peel
the essential c cleanser what a great producte my skin was rought
loaded his christmas bag with all anthony products
all anthony products are great
the anthony is a better buy
i used it more like a serum than a cream
chemical exfoliator i began using ptr retinol nightly
as higher priced products, like kate somerville.
much needed for dry colorado
i think ai found a good one
i want to extend my thanks to anne
almost 42 with combo skin
have an oily t-zone
i put some on my h
ered around for a while
i needed a moisturizer to combine with the glow system from dr
i did use the serum
more preventive than curative, i guess.
peter thomas roth laser without the laser or something like that
the bottle still looks br
thumb on each h
i do not genetically have dark circles
or try another cream from the other br
lotus eye gel during the day
because i have the driest skin known to mankind
so right now i'm using this during the day following perricone's acyl glutathione eye
lol i would highly recommend this eye cream
clarins eye contour balm which al
i look the container
on the quest for the holy grail of eye creams
except for products containing retinoids
on the other h
with some of the other br
h y d r a t e s
this eye cream is my holy grail
i am a cosmetic nut!
a little goes a ling way
i’ve been using murad’s “essential-c eye cream spf 15” for some time
skin fools great and i love the firming action
b/c its so rich
this is the best h
uses this oil free facial lotion by anthony logistics
or "foo-foo girly lotion feel" says my husb
plus it has spf
ard for my skin
i think i found a hg product.
best part i found this at my local tj maxx for $9
it leaves mu skin soft
i am new to masks
le that this isn't for you
it does take 20 min
i love the cooling effect
i moved from miami to sf
it's too humid in miami to have dry skin
the enzyme mask is worth the money!
the enzymes in this mask definitely do the trick.
you ave to put it on thick though
black/blue berry enzyme mask
i used this mask during my flight to jamaica
i reach for this st
this with the ole h
beats peter thomas roth to death
i think fruits enzyme just too mild to remove dead skin cells
so the ba of sephora suggested this blue/black berry enzyme mask to me
i feel like i've had an amazing enzyme mask treatment when i use it
this mask is ah-mahzing.
i recently began using prescription strength retin-a cream
after using an alpha beta face peel
i like this mask
dennis gross colloidal sulfur mask on all night
then i apply the truth serum collagen booster.
dont rinse it off within ten min
it feels like pure aloe vera gel
as w/all oleh products
it's not as strong as some other aha/enzyme peels
absolute holy grail product
finally i picked up peter thomas roth
all my facial products are made by ptr
huge fan of peter thomas roth for years.
for me, it works better than la mer!
this is 2nd bottle
n the morning with a followup spf from perrione
i love ptr products
this ptr cream has been the best of the bunch.
i love ptr products.
between peter thomas roth
this ptr creme is the best!
i got the peter thomas roth sample sized products
i am an anti-aging cream junkie
combined with the serum
i love this creme
this creme is a great supplement
i give all the kudos to this creme
l have oily skin
i recently purchased peter thomas roth's anti-aging creme
i finally found it in the peter thomas roth anti-aging cellular creme
under ptr 24hr moisturizer
then again at night under ptr nigh creme
great for dry colorado climate.
it might b better it there is abit of spf
seems to work well when combined with philip thomas roth viz-1000
mega rich intensive anti-aging cellular creme
b/c those increase the likelihood of breakouts
using this product in conjuction with ptr un-wrinkle peel pads has made my face look
a peptide that effectively relaxes
drank in this creme
ptr this is a win!
stick with only peter thomas roth
over all i am very happy with peter thomas roth products
i've used two pots of the ptr mega rich anti-aging cellular eye creme now
i love peter thomas roth products.
have more lipids as for me as a flight attendant
i've used the peter thomas roth laser resurfacing eye cream for a while with great results
i got the peter thomas roth unwrinkle eye cream as part of a gift set for the holidays
i saw this mega rich cellular eye cream for $35
then this mega rich cellular eye cream
love it with am retinol
i truly enjoy wearing the peter thomas roth anti aging eye cream
have not been able to wear anti agi8ng products
peter thomas roth mega rich intensive anti-aging cellular eye creme
it works as well as la mur but costs much less.
from cheaper drug-store br
the peter thomas roth line is wonderful
have tried a ton of eye creams from drug store br
s to top of the line br
i've never found one that works like peter thomas roth mega rich intensive anti-aging cellular eye cream
peter thomas roth mega rich intensive anti-aging cellular eye creme actually does work
thank you peter thomas roth!
i tried clarins / clinique / decleor / dr
t / cosmedicine / fresh / ptr k-vitamins eye cream
i found this cream very helpfull with puffines
this is the first eye creme i have purchased
peter thomas roth intensive anti-aging cellular eye cream has done wonders to moisture the dry areas around my eyes
i love this creme!
it really works!thank you peter thomas roth!
i saw one of the sephora pro models use a korres moisturizer in an youtube tutorial
it's the middle of winter in new york
the texture is somewhat liquid-y
with the warming temps
i live in colorado
it's a gel based one
i hope sephora canada brings in back in the store
i love how it's greek yogurt
the greek moisturizer pills up
however when i use the greek yogurt by itself
i will probably go back to the korres quercetin antiaging
on my 3rd jar.
this is my holy grail!
korres' greek yoghurt face cream is great
apply my argan oil
i love how it's very natural (greek yogurt!)
this cream packs a punch
if o don't have a daytime eye cream
purchase this tube of magic
i tried a ton of products
a third in my h
i don't use daily
i love that it has vitamins
works well with eye creme
it wil blend in
md skincare works miracles.
think of it more as a de-puffer
i love that it has vitamins
massage it with your pointer
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
i love this moisturizer from md.
i also prefer bar soaps tp liqyids.
lrg pore skin since age 12
n love with this product
since i have oily/combo skin
im much fonder of this soap
i just make creamy suds in my h
i always buy the same soap i love it no need to exp
i love clinique products
clinique is my go-to br
as recommended by my derm
ii ahve tried numerous other cleaners
now i am on tretinoin med for acne i can't use anything benzoyl peroxide
with daily 2x usage
is a great bas for applying primers
def have enjoyed it otherwise
i like the firmness
i will use this anti-gravity eye cream forever
i love clinique products
can even se on top eye lids.
i love clinique products
i find this antigravity firming eye lift cream exactly that
i recently purchaseclinique's anti-gravity firming eye lift cream
it thick enough to last a l-o-n-g time
so, it is part of his x=mas gift!
clinique please change that tube
-error products from every br
i typically use it with my mia brush
i've used it with my clarisonic mia 2 also
i used it for my h
it cleans w/o drying
re-purchased, and now a holy grail product.
i love the foam action.
some from well known br
i like to use it with my clarisonic mia
bb face cream foundation
i love the foaming effect it has.
then i tried clinique with a clarasonic brush a d walah my skin cleared up
of all the clinique products
i don't care for the "riche"
mine are purple due to my irish-italian heritage
more info on flawlessskinday.com
if it were edible id eat it too
i prefer the rollerball in the mornings.
this is my 3rd jar
used my dram diff moisturizing lotion
i love the spf because he wk t apply it to himself separately
clinique's m protect spf 21 is perfect for him.
ie goes to the beach
the temps drropped to below freezing with single digit humidity
i am a latin american man
another great stocking stuffer.
clinique max hydrator is amazing
he's always used clinique's maximum hydrator
i live in arizona
i got a big bottle of this moisturizer in december of 2016
light enough that i can use it in 90+ f weather
im not one for moisturizers because im a mix of oily
i love the gel version!
chin area/oily t-zone
so light that i can layer it on top of the pixie serum
i only have a sample rn
was just using the wal mart version of the same moisturizer
i tried organic moizturizers to vitamin e cream
i only tried it b/c i was running out of foundation
this serum really works!
if u have oily/combination/ normal skin u have to get this
as well as a holy grail skin care product
there's mineral oil in this product
and it's holy grail forever!
this is a holy grail!!
i live in montreal
t is really lightweight
followed up by my sunday riley martian toner
f you're on a budget
fresh as the br
it's super cooling especially when you walk by your ac
def a holy grail in my skin care <3
this mask is my new holy grail!!!
i recently tried drunk elephant's c-firma serum which made me break out almost instantly
ps first time users
i got the 15ml size of this as my beauty insider reward
i also spend a ton of time with my gr
i applied this mask
i also love the higher spf
t helps to control the oil
its perfect cuz it protects and hydrates ur skin.
spf 30 prevents any hyper pigmentation from uv/a
add a serum under in winter
this product for me is h
i only have ti use a little
i like the spf 30 to protect my medium light skin
higher spf protection that aqua fusion doesn't have
i moved to nm and it is very dry here.
it is seriously a magic serum
a lttle goes a ong way
my new holy grail product.
thats coz i have dry skin
with or without my prima donna boyfriends approval haha
guess i didn't think about the acids!
this is truly my holy grail.
i will recomend it
i love my mascara br
tery oil on the face
melt it between your h
i recommend washing your h
s so that your h
my kat von d liquid lipsticks
btw i have the boscia charcoal balm as well
ter on ahhh it's amazing
it's got safflower oil in it which does wonders for your skin
even in the nyc winter
this is my holy grail.
the kylie lip kit
i love that this eye cream contains an spf as well as vitamin c so that it makes my eyes appear well rested
i really like this eye cream- it has vitamin c
i am desperately in love with fresh's creme ancienne eye cream
vitamin c is sooooo good for your skin
i love the bonus of spf
vit c and spf 15 great for day time use!
image vit c lines
use a q-tip to get your eye cream out
i credit that to the caffeine
so none of the h
y solutions like cucumber
or caffeine can help it
i love the essential-c line
kate somerville nourish works best for my sensitive skin
the vitamin c i guess
i only apply this product 5mm below my eyes
had a deluxe sample of murad essential-c eye cream spf 15
the vitamin c brightens my eye area
peptides could be used to temporarily plump fine lines
i like using vitamin c products during the day to fight free radicals
this is my 3rd tube
the vitamin c really does brighten my skin nicely
loving the vinoperfect radiance serum
put one pump on the foreo luna
this skin care br
oily/combo or normal
still have a size that's tsa-approved
it seems to adjust your skin back to normal when assaulting your skin with foreign h2o
while i love ptr
i follow it with caudalie's radiance serum
nettoyant pour le visage parfait pour ma peau mixte
utilisé avec la petite éponge boscia c'est très agréable
peu de produit est nécessaire pour un seul nettoyage
nettoie très bien la peau.
un peu desséchant pour les peaux déjà fragilisées
the driest chin in all the l
j'adore tout de ce nettoyant : son odeur
sa mousse douce pour ma peau
la sensation de propreté après avoir utilisé ce produit
just grape water i guess
tends to breakout for r
dr. brandt skincare products are the best!!
when i did the skincare iq in sephora
coming from using dr
going from having dry skin in las vegas to now oily/combination skin on the east coast
then went on accutane
extra mild formulas during the rouge sale
or combination oily to oily variation
hg product for me.
it's a blessing in a bottle fr!
although i can keep it under control in southern ca weather
nothing cleans my bb as the actual bb cleanser
i lather in my h
i follow with mild clarifying and dd gel.
my absolute holy grail.
tery powder once on
i dont find it very mattifying
u can use a setting spray to help :
it leaves face matt
i used it after sunday riley's ufo
t-zone breakouts which i attri
then benefit pore primer in my t-zone area
dr. brandt's primer is phenomenal.
its my holy grail!
one of the best primers ive used!
i tried many pore refining primers
i tried the new dr
i put a cc cream over top as well
i normally use the tarte amazonian clay bb cream or the loreal lumi cushion foundation with the loreal pro matte powder on top of it
always mix it with mac prep
can't wait to finish it to buy the 1.7oz tube.
to die for holy grail
before with a normal drugstore primer i would only last a max of 1
this product is now my holy grail!
massive amounts of oil around my t-zone
5oz bottles than the one 1oz bottle
love dr. brandt pores no more refiner.
i tried other primers to get rid of it
i've used lots of por minimizing primers
just enough hydration w/o the oil.
i don't know what "chelating complex" really is
the hydra-pure oil-free moisture with chelating complex is a wonderful product
i combine this with the alphhodrox peals by dr
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
have switched over to the md skincare products
md skincare's oil-free moisturizer is great for me because i have super oily skin
the alpha beta daily face peel
ts worth it to me
initially bought the hydra pure cream
i really like the md hydra-pure oil-free moisturizer
this is the best serum i have ever used
better than la mer
a lancome skin specialist in france showed me how to use this: apply to dry skin
if you're a retinol user
my skin can't st
good price vs quality.
you can get 16oz of purity for almost the same price
i s amust use product
i prefer to use the lancome bi-facil for eye makeup removal
i apply this serum overnight
been using for about 3 mths
this serum lived up to all of its claims
dry chicago winter months
i hav very dry skin
i hav to say that it is very moisturizing
glowy when i use this
i am using the serum in combination with the night cream from the same line
i love this serum.
i decided to order all of the products in this br
this serum is light
bottle of ole henriksen serum off my vanity
they are not full of chemicals i cannot pronounce
i live in oregon
i like the texture of this serum
then i remembered this serum
i took a very r
om chance on korres wild rose face serum
i really like this serum.
the oak serum at night
love korres since its a natural br
in fact i have replaced my daily moisterizer with this serum
this serum is just as good
this serum is an all-around great serum to use every morning
i don't regret buying this serum
this is the first serum i have tried
compare to the fresh soy serum
i love this serum!
oily in the t-zone
i love this gel base serum
since i do love serum in gel base
this serum is phenomenal!
love the wild rose serum.
i love this serum.
i decided to try the serum to go with it
this serum i can use without my skin objecting or breaking out
i just started using my 4th bottle of the wild rose serum
started with this serum
i love the wild rose serum!
add this serum to your routine.
the wild rose line is great for us girls who need a shot of vitamin c
eye serum on right after
this serum is great for combo skin.
the serum is light
i put a cream after the serum
have only used this serum
forth between salicylic acid/ benzoyl peroxide
my skin in noticeably brighter thanks to the vitamin c
this serum is great!
this one is a serum for eyes
a little bottle for serum
i *love* this serum, and i'm so impressed.
i gave the serum a try --
the serum is perfect
this serum calms my skin
i opted for a serum
aging skin this product is a miracle worker
vitamin c in it
i started using this moisturizer when i left ca for the long
i live in the high desert of nevada
i like the spf
great for texas sun
at night i apply it over philosophy "help" skin serum
when i need spf
protected from the harmful uv light throughout the day
this cream actualy performs to maintain the hydration
i live in one of the driest climates in the u
spf 30 is a huge plus.
that it has spf
i love the spf.
this has spf 30 uva/uvb
spf and moisturizers are essential in so cal.
i highly recomend this crem.
i love the high spf
a lttle goes a ong way
vitamin e is an extra benefit.
i just got back from sunny rivera maya
im very fair skinned
which i use to d0
works great alone or in combination with the alpha beta peels
have tried everyhing including perscriptions
i absolutely love the other md skincare products i use
it's like those foundation primers
nothing has worked like this product from md skincare
the 2 step alpha beta peel
another winner from md skincare.
ahh the sin of pimple squeezing lol
md skincare all-over blemish solution works fast.
i decided to try more md skincare products on this sample alone
none gave me the immediate results i saw with md skincare
i stumbled across md skin care
i switched from bienfait lancôme face cream to the absolut
while i also use a brightening serum
i've used this product (happily) for w while.
have decreased my replacement hormones
i am on minimal hormone therapy
i also love the serum
i swear by all of lancome's skin products.
skin that needs tlc
i alternate this product with dior capture totale
i don't have bags.
i am highly allergic
i really like this serum.
i would absolutely recommended this elixir serum.
combined with the ancienne cream
prescription steroids thin the skin making it look like crepe paper
the ancien cream it improved a lot
apparently elixir ancien plays a big part in it
i loved sampling elixir ancien.
soft i have a make up remover by laura mercier
i love the milk
works well with using h
i pump it in my h
live in the canadian arctic
i don't have cindy crawford's freaky genes
i absolutely love this emulsion!
for the spf protection
it is very light yet rico.
i"m happy the product
i live at an altitude of 7100 ft.
living in chicago, the dry skin is brutal.
as it has hyaluronic acid
j'ai acheté toute la gamme!
havent noticed any antiaging benefits
it's for all ethnicities!
very heavy in the h
a very good moiturizer for combi skin.
i tried switching to the dr br
ps i have a relatively dry skin.
the cream is not heavy on the skin like alot of pm creams ive used
matt finish and easy to apply over your fav.
i combine this with peter thomas roth unwrinkle turbo
have just ordered a cream foundation in this br
i despise greasy cream.
when the ne winter hits
as well as in las vegas
i will probably even exp
you can layer it over a serum
i am not loyal to any skincare br
slightly oily t zone
the high glycerin content
i apply this with a light h
i realized its hydration also helps with oil-secretion control
looks like it's basically glycerin
i just pap on toner
ts good for the price too
this is the silkiest nigh cream i have ever used.
i love shiseido products for skin care
i add some spf to it for sun protection
too much mineral oil
i tried a different eye cream from peter thomas roth that was much more expensive
the peter thomas roth wouldn't leave my undereye area moisturized
le to this in terms of moisture
this is good for california dry weather
the eye cream feels lux
a daily bit of la mer -- you've got anti-aging covered
i tried everything, even prep h ointment.
feel i need both serum
def need to give it about 10 to 15 min before applying makeup/concealer
the days i don't use this cream i use the ren gel cream
5-urban environment uv protection cream
i like to use this eye cream at night vs
i used 5 different br
i shall say that this creme is very good product
this is my holy grail undereye cream
the increased plump-ness
i am only giving 4 stars because it does not remove my waterproof eye liner by kat von d
i found a box of these at tj maxx
they don't leave odd residues
i used it to buy some shiseido products after attending the women's ultimate expo in los angeles
y especially after a nite out
so this is very h
my dry sensitive skin can't h
le too many washings in one day
ph balanced so they don't strip essential oils from the skin
f i use it @ night i need eye makeup remover
i've tried various products from name br
i love using it after i use white lucent total brightening serum
it's perfect for combi/oily skin.
i only gave this 4 stars b/c i haven't tried many more moisturizers out there
both my t-zone
dry in my u zone
apply it to my t zone
keep the matt look all day long.
the oiliest t-zones ever
i hve used other moisturizers
i don't like glass bottles
t lasts a while too
this product i found in drug mart
a ba told me it wasn't enough nutrition for my skin type
it helped seal in more liquidy skin care items like japanese toners
i used it once in october, and my skin dried out.
i saw that alcohol was the 3rd ingredient listed
with a really oily t-zone
good for asian people's skin type
to even korres' wild rose 24-hr moisturizer
it's amazing b/c it absorbs super fast
humid climate of the florida keys
it gives ur face a bad shine
specially the tiny gel u can buy
calgary is so dry
it is my all time holy grail cream
on the other h
hydrated-- i use a little bit in the morning under my dior bb cream
then hourglass 28 serum primer followed by dior air serum foundation
7oz jar for the winter
got this as a r
and no $250 price tag like the la mer.
it is available in japan
i’ve tried some pricier br
i also use shiseido eye cream and serum.
if not more hydrated than la mer
anything with alpha or beta hydroxy acids
this with my lancome 5x colleser eye serum
i don't wear foundation or powder
i needed a little something more -- i now use the argan oil as a 'serum' b/4 using this cream
le an exchange/return
i also use their toner, eye product, etc.
i received this cream in the 500 pt beauty reward gift
with aging dry skin i've tried alot of products
dry in the t-zone
f that's the case
i found a great product on my trip to fort de france last month : nuhanciam anti-dark spot cream
however was afraid to try something for deep moisturizing b/c i am prone to breakouts
b/c i believe the benefits were happening gradually
ole henriksen's truth serum which is really great
w/in the 1st wk i noticed a huge difference.
i think this is h
sis use's this cleanser as well
fyi i have combination skin
my sis has oily skin
i used this with my mia 2 at the top speed.
especially with my mia
my skin is asian/black
the blue drugstore one you can get in japanese supermarkets
with or without spf
i am 33 asian with combination skin
a little goes a ling way with this product.
f your looking to use it as an exfoliator use a brush with it instead of just your h
would recomend using a serum or cream after your wash
it's not a make up remover per se
f that helps then great
as i should have been @ reapplying.
lather it between your h
omg, this cleanser is absolutely amazing!
2ox tube lasted longer than my 5 oz or is it 6oz tube of murad cleanser
either a light bb or a heavier foundation
the white powder thats included in the formulation
dissapointed with the lack of hydration
ok i am 36 y/o
i think its the emulsion
most of the times you need to buy the uv protector as well
i'll keep useing this cream
for winter it is h
i read about this product on sephora.com.
i live in chicago
very oily in the t-zone
therefore i can't st
i like shiseido skin products.
om dry patches around my eyes like i used to
i've tried the peter thomas roth gel strips
even bought one to my gr
clinique is the only br
not as luxurious as la mer
i def recommend the rich eye cream.
i hated the way correctors/hi lighters/ concealers looked
wear contacts or glasses
f you have normal or dry lids
im 48 with dark circles
i found occitanes magic eye serum to be too liquidy while the blue line always breaks me out bc too riche
ive been using this eye cream for years.
im using this for now
27 yr old with combination skin.
verso super eye serum
this is now my holy grail eye product
enzymes which is all so so great for the skin
with an oily t-zone
now i use this with my foreo luna
was probably due to the sulfate
i just got a mia 2
in combination with t-zone moisturising gel the results is wonderful
it is like a serum.
im more combination then oily
i love this ren product!!!!
oils in my t-zone go away
ren makes a great product.
it doesn't foam at all etc
i glow after i use it
my skin is oily in the t-zone
this product works amazingly with my clarisonic mia
i only use it with the mia
then i cleanse w/ this
must be the bioactives
very oily in the t-zone
just like all ren products
didn't want to use any product with glycol
i would def use this even after pregnancy though.
i like this facewash
i definitely recommend ren!
also amazing for use with the mia face brush.
i like that b/c then my skin doesn't dry out
i first tried this product in the ren combination skin sampler pack
slightly oily on the t-zone
a very oily t-zone
it is a perfect combo from my combo skin.
i've tried a ton of products for combo skin
i can actually use the ren products for combination skin
before this i used cellex-c which was anti-bacterial except it had a lot of chemicals
im trying their other skin care products
i love all the products i've tried from ren.
ed to the salicylic acid spot treatment i've added on
ren helped me control the skin oil
rub it between your h
all ren products feel fresh
is a wonderful product doe not strip the skin
will be trying more ren asap.
f you have really oily skin
the ren clarifying clay cleanser
this beauty did the dee.
ever since moving to a drier climate in colorado
ren has incredible products
the ren jojoba microbead cleanser
i've tried a few different ren products
now that im 23 i noticed breakouts on my t-zone
am using rx acne medication
like boscia or trader joe's nourish
i wouldn't say that this cleanser breaks me out per se
excited to try the res tof the line.
bought the ren trail size kit for sensitive skin
i like the korres milk protein cleanser i got at the same time better
i love that it is probiotic and plant based!
i on the other h
i am currently using ole white tea foaming cleanser in the morning with dr brant lines no more cream
ren hydra calm day cream in the am
the omega 3 night repair
this is the all time best de-puffer
i think i'll start switching eye cream br
ren, in general, makes great products.
i love this gel.
a nice sephora sales lady gave us a 3 ml sample of ren active
it was hard to pay $45 for a 15 ml bottle
i hope it is soon available in canada.
i love ren products!
've been doubling up with the ren lipovector peptide anti-wrinkle eye cream
the pump sticks alot
irritated with the lack of humidity in colorado
that's because of the boswellia
the active botanical in the v-cense
i used different night cream from different br
i switched to the ren skincare line this summer
i find v-cense day
my first purchase of ren.
i used this every night for the past 4 weeks along with omega 3 serum
please see my ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask review
i really enjoy ren products.
gave me beautiful glow after omega serum every night
canadian winters can get brutally cold
one great tip i got for ren packaging is
alternate it with a retinol or lactic acid product
this one from ren absorbs well
this is my second purchase of the ren revitalising night cream
i found a lotion by a br
use it along side of the omega 3 serum
especially when used with the omega 3 serum
best with omega oil night too!
the night cream coupled with the ren hydra calm day cream has worked wonders
i love it- def
i got a small tube of this in a ren kit
when used on top of the omega 3 serum
i love the ren line period.
has even helped with the oiliness in my t-zone
i especially like the ren line for its clay cleanser
i tried the ren starter kit for sensitive skin
've replaced this with my $230 clinique cx de-aging cream
i am working the tiny sample to its last squirt b/c this stuff really works
her skin is obviously mor emature
boswellia serrata revitalising night cream was a deluxe sample from sephora
i am relatively new to the ren br
i find gg so drying and way to intense.
i think it's the spirulina in the formula
j'ai beaucoup hésiter d'acheter ce masque puisque j'ai déjà beaucoup de masques qui sont supposés nettoyer les pores
mais j'ai décidé de l'essayer et dieu merci que j'ai bien fait
ce masque est extrêmement doux pour la peau sans pour autant perde de son efficacité
je l'utilise maintenant depuis plus d'un mois à raison de 2 fois par semaine et je suis très impressionnée
mes pores ne sont plus engorger et sont ainsi beaucoup plus petits
cream followed after xd
i love this clay mask!
ren far surpasses glam glow in my opinion.
y pore cleaner tool
i love clay masks
the mask doesn't significantly help me per se
ren products work wonderfully without unnecessary chemicals
the french clay feels so smooth
i like this mask.
i love a good clay mask
we bought the serum
e that to the high percent of glycolic acid
tretinoin cream which i've been prescribed by my derm
it is now january
it is 2% salicylic acid
this product has saved my skin from the r
om acne i got this summer
ive bought this cleanser a h
if not ky skin and sales will suffer
the ain't misbehavin serum
the aha/bha formula targets the tough acne
holy moly is this stuff fantastic!
clinique anti blemish solutions kit
getting it into a tsa approved size bottle takes hours
you only get 6 oz
that's all witch hazel products
pair it with ain't mis behaving serum.
dennis gross acne eliminating pads
my new holy grail!
side note: i live in new mexico
i am african american
t does not add to my oily t-zone
i developed adult acne at 30, yay me!!
tried soo many products that were either overactive
cheaper than the dermadoctor ain't misbehavin serum
i am very sensitive to salicylic acid
i also recommend the serum
i really wanted to try an aha bha to help with t zone blackheads
i've tried everything short of accutane
extremely oily t-zone
the serum that goes with it
irritated after i used wen hair products
the reason i say holy grail br
one of the lovely sephora ladies made me a sample of ain't misbehavin acne serum
this plus the serum
is an aha/bha cleanser
i find it best to pat the serumrather than rub the serum
i applied this serum twice a day
my t-zone is oily
i will be purchasing the full serum
cheeks are id say
this serum is amazing!
use it every night after the peter thomas roth complexion correction pads
i've never had a better serum.
finally at 34 i have clear skin b/c of this whole line
they recommend this serum
i love this serum
this does have salicylic acid
i absolutely love this serum
until my hormones kick in
i et bad nasty breakouts especially on my chin
this serum is formulated really well
i am on antibiotics
i cannot say enough about this serum.
buy this magic potion!
i worked as a derm asst for years
i apply a dot of this serum directly
a dab will do ya.
when i start layering my other serum
of course i used it in synergistic with the ain't misbehavin' cleanser though
use this product along with dermadoctor ain't misbehavin' medicated aha/bha acne cleanser
this serum is amazing
was recommended this serum
thanks miki at saphora frisco!sarah
i will continue to use this when i enter my premenstrual
om pimple or too
most often when i am pre-menstrual
then the peter thomas roth maximum clearing pads
i've also started using the sulfur mask
both from my derm
now i wah my face with the evian water spray
this serum is sooo light on my skin!!
or as universally as aint misbehavin medicated serum
i also tried the blackhead version
on combo with purity
they added vitamin c
it's been a lifesaver b/c i used to have scars
i love the cleanser by this br
ing how to treat it
i follow up after shower with a serum
best fash wash i've ever used.
i am african-american
on the other h
in my younger years i used more of a stronger scrub like dr
not loaded with sulfates
lower cheek acne since october 2015
it def lasts me a long time
cover acne to five minute max
oily skin 2x a day.
live in fl so the heat
normalized my complexion as far as dryness/oil production
the best for dr. gross.
if you're in the market for an anti-aging vitamin c serum
this serum has the highest level of stabilized vitamin c sephora carries
this serum is amazing
under la mer moisturizer
after reading reviews about this serum
the airtight container is perfect for minimising oxidation of the product
best night serum i have ever tried.
i decided to give this a shot after trying 2 other vitamin c serums from philosophy
gross' vitamin c wouldn't hurt either
dennis gross' alpha beta peel
vit c is broken down by the sun
it is definitely thick as a serum
this serum is truly a miracle worker.
then bareminerals rare minerals treatment
the alpha beta peel
i think that's because of the vitamin c in this serum
md skincare's vitamin c serum has really improved the look of my skin
knowing i am treating my skin to some well deserved vita c was a plus
i tried various skin lightening solutions including few br
s of vitamin c serums
this serum has few forms of vitamin c in high enough concentration to ensure its efficiency for the synthesis of collagen
for fighting free radicals
vit c is supposed to be good for reversing sun damage
the alpha beta peels by md rock as well.
this is one of the best vitamin c products out there
works better as far as moisturizing since my skin can get flaky from bp
(i use the combo-dry version.)
having tried fresh seaberry oil before my serum
definitely like that it has antioxidant effects.
i dont like that chemical, lotion-y smell.
it's packed full of antioxidants
just during my menstrual cyle
i even tried those asian herbal stores.
i like that it has the added benefit of antioxidants
it will prevent oxidative damage from occurring
you'll need a retinoid like retin-a or skinmedica retinol
i love all clinique skin care products.
it contains lots of good anti-oxidants
iim def a set fan of this moisturizer for life...
alternate with a good aha/bha exfoliator for best results
the antioxidant benefits are excellent
even though my h
a lot of antioxidants lose thier ability to enrich your skin with nutrients onced exposed to oxegen
creams in open jars tend to lose thier benifits
normal at my t-zone
i got a free sample of this in spain
ing the change to the lotion
i am combination skin
i love that it has antioxidants
i love cliniques moisture online creme
is sanitary because it's squeezed from a tube vs
i first started w/ the superdefense sfp25 age defense moisturizer b/c i didn't need any night time moisturizer at the time
b/c of sephora's ff discount
le very many lotions
the combo/dry versions
whatever anti-oxidants are in this
i swear by it's "healing" properties
i usually have success w this line
ptr meand it when he labels that "mega" cream.
still want the benefits of the unwrinkle line because i love the peptides cocktail
work w my nars stick concealor is one from the dior hydra line
another great thing i use from ptr is the combo salicylic
i actually put some unwrinkle serum into that jar
maybe about 1/4-1/3 compared to 3/4-2/3 of the ance treatment
i has tons of antioxidants
lips as antioxidant treatment
under hiat for the potent antioxidants
are avid peter thomas roth users
bye bye undereye bags
ptr products are worth it ... even in your 20s!!
iv try ed alot of eye creams this one works
the fact that i could use a serum
have been using la mer eye balm for years
i wish sephora carried the ptr cucumber face mask
thank you p t r :
peter thomas is my favorite skin care brand.
i love this whole line of peter thomas roth products
use a q-tip to scoop up the remaining eye cream
i am a fan of botox
this is the best eye serum i have ever tried
the only other serum that competes with this one in the market is kate sumerville eye cream
très frais sur la peau.
oily in the t zone
cleansed with ole henriksen african red tea cleanser
i pair it with the caudal beauty elixir for extra hydration
with my cheap oily bb cream
use it in combination with the mattifying serum
or some murad acne solution that maybe w
living in los angeles has given me such oily skin
this is a great product to use with the serum
prob b/c the lotion does not hydrate enough
it controls the oils of my t zone as well
is very cucumber-y
i normally use clinique dramatically different gel
bcs i expected it to be drying
i still use primers
le my combination skin
i live in new york
a bb combination which works in t
i like this product when i use it with the umbrian mattifying serum
this product has a little nit of clay in it
ts very good at absorbing oil on your skin
controls oil in my t-zone
works remarkably better than my expensive rx from the dermatologist
glory about 3 times a wk
this is a natual br
also contains some form of vitamin c
on the other h
live in the arizona desert so this cream is perfect for me
a very oily t zone
i pair this with the lancome genefique serum.
plus it has vitamins
sure i *thought* i cleansed
i am using (this time around) the high res.
serum under it at night.
prob not for mature skin though
i did the whole accutane cycle
if i wss eating properly
on the other h
i've used the clinique anti-bacterial soap for years
will be purchasing the gel formula to use with my foreo luna mini in the a
i started with the clinique acne tester kit
i first started using this product in january of 2016
i suggest using in t
apres avoir essayer plusieurs produits pour mon ado
j'adore cette gamme de clinique pour l'acnée!
j'ai vue une difference dans la peau de mon garcon
it packs a great punch towards defeating acne
i love clinique products
i couldn't use this due to the salicylic acid
i like that it foams
an oily t-zone
i like the other clinique gel with salicylic acid better for general use
this lotion is 5% bp
hg product status here!
this is my magic potion
i apply it with a q-tip
i normally use a different 5%-bp lotion that costs $22 more
this product combined with peter thomas roth complexion correction pads has cleared up my skin better than anything else i've used
works like a d-r-e-a-m.
i don't do well with products containing salicylic acid
pj collars were lightening
while i have combo-dry skin
this is my holy grail of blemish care
im on my 2nd tube
before giving this a try i had tried kate summerville sulfur acne treatment a try
although it is a high concentration of benzoyl peroxide
my derm put me on retin-a
flawless skinfor marks use serum
i take a q-tip
this serum is awesome
just wash your h
then use this serum
i am a huge fan of glycolic acid.
i pump out the gel on a q-tip
then i apply this gel
i am a caramel toned african american woman.
while i was taking an oral contraceptive
off since i am also using a retinol from my derm
you can't ague with results
i loved the results i got from this serum.
i am african american with combination skin prone to acne
have used laura mercier 2 step bottles
peter thomas roth hydrating acid
it was reversible with murad gel alone
i recently moved to nyc from austin
i am an african american woman with a deep brown skin tone
i just transitioned to anthony from bliss
anthony logistics astringent toner pads are my favorite pads because of their convenience
one of our teens was introduced to these anthony logistics for men astringent toner pads by a friend
brough him the anthony toner pads
less oli and the pores titer!
tsa has lets me carry them
i really like the h
is similar to peter thomas roth product
i found this product in a sephora store in dallas
saw a free sample of the anthony astringent toner pads
their products are half price in europe
i know it is french
i love caudalie skin products.
i first tried the thirst serum
in conjunction with the vinoperfect radiance serum
then absorption is so wonderful
i like to use this on the nights i don't use my dr dennis gross alpha beta peels to give my skin a rest
i just got this night cream along with the vinoperfect serum
it goes sooo perfect with serum
specifically the serum followed by the night cream
in combination with the serum
after i use my vinoperfect serum
i highly recommend purchasing this + the radiance serum
i finally took the plunge with the vinoperfect cell renewal night cream + vinoperfect radiance serum
the cell renewal night cream gives me those oooh-ahhh results
e it to this product
african american with a few dark spots due to acne
i live in vegas
bel aspect de la peau du visage au matin.
om with the vinoperfect serum
this is coming from someone who has used la prairie platinum moisturizer
especially along with the serum.
neck after you apply serum
i used this in conjunction with the serum.
i used the serum before
i really like this lotion i have a sunspot on my face
excellent when used with vinoperfect serum
smooth, sheer cream, etc...... i give 5 stars !!!
night versions of this cream with vinoperfect serum
i added the ptr retinol fusion pm serum under it
always with other ptr products like unwrinkle serum
omg it worked my forehead is soo smooth any
because i had to try a few lines of the ptr br
this is seriously h
i love ptr products
best of all the more exp.
can't take his h
my face dried up to the consistancy of a cracker
un-wrinkle is amazing!
knowing the ptr line
try this from ptr
i love peter thomas roth.
the peter thomas roth un-wrinkle peel pads
peter thomas roth mega rich intensive anti-aging cellular eye creme
i wasn't using a face cream by ptr
ptr products are expensive
i may agree with this moisturizer too heavy for az nm tx
it is packed full of anti-aging peptides
but i keep coming back to peter thomas product.
peter thomas roth might become my anti-agin line eventually after finising up my kinerase
i love all thomas roth face products.
i started using peter thomas roth line after sampling the face wash
i absolutley love this un-wrinkle cream!!
the mega rich has ahas
the parentheses around my mouth
i heard about this cream via prevention mag.
i simply wet my h
i got this soap around oct., it's now feb.
iv neveeeeeer ever had anything like this
i got this bar as a stocking stuffer in a mini kit
i sometimes get bra-strap-acne
clinique face soap has been a st
ard in our beauty routine for years
just create a lather in your h
i lathered it up in my h
i love most clinique products
whereas with the foaming
my fav glam glow mask
use at least 2x daily.
am currently on month 2 of accutane
ive tried every skin cleaner on the market
foaming effect of this formula
dispensing 1 pump of the product into my h
until i used it with my clarisonic mia
this produce is great for reducing pustules if i use another br
i am a serial cleanser hopper
it lathers so amazingly in your h
i love this cleanser because my skin cant h
le ingredients like glycolic acid
the japanese and koreans know their skin care!
i like this br
it does foam which i like more than a certain drugstore br
def helped my acne
this serum is amazing!
i started using this product in april 2015
i just use a little vitamin e oil to take care of that
since i changed to the perricone md peptide complex
have combination skin with alot of oil
this serum is lightweight.
it's kind of a gel, kind of a serum.
my acne moves thru the cycles faster
the normal tonic by boscia
which is a feat in this nasty hot humid weather in ga
where as i have negative reactions to salicylic acid
many products ive tried
i got this by r
this def prevents break-outs
this is def not harsh on your skin.
irritation i recommend u this face wash
make ur face flawless
jan, from boca raton, fl.
i don't always use in the a.m.
a touch of squalene is left behind
use it with the clarisonic mia in the a
even origins and other soy formulas.
i just started accutane this month
clinique is awesome sf=tuff
i follow it with clinique cc cream.
with t-zone area being oily
when i was on accutane
full of antioxidants so great for anti-aging.
after being prescribed hydrocortisone cream
this is a holy grail product
this is the only cream of the thous
20s when i think of clinique
i tryed the newer cc cream to color correct however still felt dry
instead improves the ph of my skin
i used another all natural cream for sensitive skin from another br
i used daily relief cream
it's suitable for my 62 year-old irish skin
this serum works wonders!
goes great under my clinique superbalanced powder
i tried a ton of sensitive skin
still doesn't top my favorite from este lauder
this was a good serum.
at first when i tried it was a dry serum
this my second bottle of ultimate wrinkle restoring serum
i alternate totale one with the ultimate wrinkle restoring creme
this serum is perfect for my sensitive
this serum is great .
also used this serum interchangeably with the r60/80 night creme
i really love the capture r60/80 cream.
!much better than the dior capture totale
i swear by this cream.
i tried clinique intense thirst relief
after i use this, my dk now better!
i am in california
holy grail for me!
i already use drunk elephant glycolic night serum nightly
de vitamin c serum daily
since reading about the ant-aging benefits of a daily lactic glycolic regimen i use one of these powerhouses daily
maybe because i am not a newbie to a strong lactic or glycolic product i didn't get the results from ren radiance renewal mask as i hoped for
i read the ingredients
s down one of my favorite glycol lactic masks
it sort of smells like mexican spicy c
not just your h
i'll be using more ren products !
the ren representative says this is a chemical peel
as if i am wearing a bb cream.
i can't wait to try other ren products!
not the case with ren.
after my regular serum
holy spit i had z e r o texture
ren is the best.
using a vitamin c morning moisturizer
or use spf everyday
i do a weekly/bi-weekly mask
this one is the best h
this combo of lactic and glycolic is like magic.
this to me beats ks exfolikate.
i also just love the ren line
i received the ren glycolic mask as a sample
i can tolerate ahas
then realized there was a ren package which included the same size of the glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
got some other great ren products for free
the backs of my h
this is the most stable form of vitamin c
i finally have that glow pregnant women are supposed to have because i am using ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask 2-3x a week
i applied cautiously cause it says glycol lactic in the name
a glass of wine in h
thank you sephora and ren products!!
i wouldn't consider it my hg product
the vitamin c concentration may be a bit much for more sensitive or dry skin types
i also add it to a vitamin c serum.
i cannot speak to the anti-aging power of the powder
mix it with a few drops of my serum
it is nothing more than ascorbic acid
this has so far been the best vit c thing i have used
the vit c stuff ptr offers in how well it works to decrease scars
25 oz of product for the price
tried ole henriksen vitamin c liquid
i i know you can buy vitamin c from like natural stores
i like the other antioxidants in it as well as knowing that i have the low ph balance
see your derm doc for tricky spots
i now mix into my fab ultra repair cream.
i mix it with my serum in the am
i add a scoop to my serum every morning.
not oxidizing like the premixed products out there
c is per scoop.
vitamin c can be irritating so start with half a scoop
work up to the full dosage
this is a terrific vit c serum i have ever bought
i am on my second bottle of booster c powder
mix it in with my serum
i am a huge fan of vitamin c
i can't afford the skin ceuticals c
i used a vitamin c serum from my facial- micro spa
then decided to try this vitamin c powder
i did some research on topical vit c powders
vitamin c powder will be included in my skin care routine forever
it definitely works better than an oil-based version of topical vitamin c i used in the past
with the antioxidant property
here you have vitamin c at its purest.
vitamin c promotes collagen production.
serums that contain viatmin c are actually not active
i decided i was going to try philosophy turbo booster c powder
i think it can't hurt to have the extra vitamin c
in place of newhite guinot brightening serum
this is a powerful source of vitamin c application to my face
great booster with high quality of vitamin c
i mix with my anti-aging serum
clarins double serum works best
my complexion is similar to kelly rowl
powder vitamin c as liquid vitamin c i've heard breaks down or isn't as effective or something?
i mix the booster powder into my serum
this product works great as a pre serum
i noticed that if i don't add enough serum
i also use the ole vitamin c line
very potent vit c
i just opened my second turbo booster c powder today
i see my skin brightened obviously after i applied the powder to serum
this vitamin c powder does just that.
vitamin c is good for skin
when u buy a lotion that already contains vitamin c you don't know how much is in there or if it's potent
this totally vitamin c powder totally delivers!
i'd been using ole henriksen's truth serum years
i don't find that it smells at all like some other vitamin c products
this is the best vitamin c topical product i have ever used
i stopped using the various serums containing vitamin c because they smelled horrible
the mychelle c serum was the most effective
since since vitamin c usually makes skin more prone to sunlight
i love that is a powder form
smooth like babies skin omg im in love with it
was looking at products that contained vitamin c
i cam across this product on the sephora website
which seemed like a very concentrated form of vitamin c in proper dark glass packaging
with my either my ren moisturizer or josie maran argan oil
the vitamin c blends into the oil or lotion instantly
overall, the best vitamin c product i have used.
the quality of the vitamin c in this little bottle is better than any other serum or creme you can purchase
i do not suggest using glycol
i mix it into my st
when applied to the skin in the a.m.
it will help protect against uv related skin damage by neutralizing free radicals
i love the benefits of vitamin c for your skin in an easy to apply formula
i mix this in the morning in the palm of my h
don't want to bring my really expensive vitamin c serums with me
before i used to wear rodial dragon blood eye gel
affer i used one from la roche posay
ive been using the vitamin c powder for 7 years now
every winter in los angeles my skin becomes unbelievably dry
i both use the jack black moisturizer
its nice b/c you can use a moisturizer that you really like
still get the vitamin c benefits
b/c vitamin c does not mix well with some other antiaging products like retinol
i am using retina a
once i started adding turbo booster c powder to my morning moisturizer
moisturizers with vitamin c
they are not as effective as the philosophy turbo boost vitamin c
i've tried alot of different combination of primers
the sheer eye-zone corrector
with a serum on the off days
it's the only br
the asian skin tones
holy grail for sure.
i used the whole bottle
clear skin with a combination t-zone
like a rich, luxurious serum.
followed by it cosmetics cc cream
or este lauder double wear light
i absolutely love this serum.
this serum is wonderful.
used the promo code thirst to get 7 free samples of this moisturizer
i finally splurged on la mer gel cream moisturizer
similar to the la mer product
my favorite product of clinique.
this is a holy grail item in my skin care regime!
the ole henriksen sheer transformation cream
during the intense canadian winter
will oder fullsize more
atory for my skin type
i also use a cc cream over it with no problem
oily in the t-zone
this is one of my holy grail products
i usually just spend the money on la mer
use it 2 x a day.
it's smooth finish is comparable to charlotte tillbury's magic cream
works well over ole henriksen's truth serum collagen booster
e to oily-ness of my skin or acne
the vitamin c in it really gives your skin a glow afterwards
bc i have combination skin
i am combo/oily
5oz one gets finished
i got my sample of perricone md face finishing moisturizer a couple days ago
however i do agree with on reviewer regarding the wheat protein
the stinging feel is likely the alpha lip acid which is a super powered antioxidant
as a moisturizer i give this 4 stars as i dont feel it adds any more to the cold plasma/ blue plasma/ hyalo plasma etcetera in terms of moisture- maybe minimally
i brought the plasma set
i love blue plasma
this moisturizer on top of blue plasma or cold plasma masks the fish smell
i like to alternate dr
find it difficult to use high concentrations of vitamin c without my skin feeling weighted
i used it every night on top of perricone's vitamin c ester 15 tube
thanks for this great product dr.perriconne!
this 2 oz jar goes a long way.
i started using dr
will continue to use dr
perricone md concentrated restorative treatment
this treatment with vitamin c ester makes your skin brighter
this has the most vitamin c ester in the entire perricone md collection
it is packed with vitamin c ester which is a fat soluble vitamin c
i also asked for a serum
she recommended using korres rose brightening serum
have been using jan marini c-esta products
this is 1 total fl oz more for less $
perricone has the only patented delivery of c-esta
sitting in the rome
i know vitamin c is the way to go with skincare
had been using kinerse c8 peptide which is very good
i highly recomend it.
this product along with the advanced face activator changed my skin in a few days i look like i am 20 aging
i enjoy all the dr. perricone products.
day/night cream are all exellent products
the night cream has vit.
restorative night treatment by perricone md is fantastic
the vitamin c ester brightens
it breaks down diet
for my foundation wearers
my clarisonic mia 2 are skin changing
i luv this cleanser.
i find this to be my "liquid gold" of skin care!
i used a japanese br
ive been using this product for over 5yrs
clean thanks to a healthy dose of antioxidants
i like this and the olive oil bar (from dhc).
i got this cleanser for free b/c i brought the power set
use it on the cold plasma
it works well with my other serum
work it up in your h
i rub it on for my a.m.
when used in conjugation with my clairosonic i feel like i just got a facial every time after using it
is under control with an rx cream
f you have aging skin
f you're on the fence at all about purchasing this cleanser
i literally stumbled upon perricone md
it 's anti aging as well as full of antioxidants!
this is the only serum i've ever used
the second i put this eye serum on
i got a sample of perricone md advanced eye area therapy
i highly recommend perricone md- advanced eye area therapy
this is the best eye treatment h
its potency is increased when used in conjuction with the dr
this bad boy is loaded with powerful antioxidants too
i am a loyal user of perricone md products
reducing the appearence of bags
i used perricones' original eye therapy
including very expensive european
i like to use it with elizabeth arden ceramide plump perfect eye moisture cream spf 15
unfortunately it is not available in canada or in europe
i swear by this product
i havn't a single wrinkle around my eyes
i am very pleased with pericone md products.
adv eye therapy helps me look refreshed
this product was recommended to me by a skin care specialist at the sephora in santa monica
she uses the perricone md line
one being the perricone adv eye area therapy
perricone adv eye won hands down.
'm glad to add the adv eye area therapy to my skin care regime
great product...lov it!
absolutely loved the perricone md advanced eye therapy
another great product from dr. perricone.
the nutritive before bed
interested in trying the antioxidant ingredients
i really love perricone md products
l~o~v~e this facial wash.
tones and firms leaving my skin ready for serum.
i like all the benefits it offers w vitamins
this is my first perricone md product.
i would love for sephora to carry the neuropeptide cleanser
in combination with my skin regiments
"normalizing" my combination skin
my t zone has oily skin
i strongly believe that dr
so glad i discovered perricone md!
i love a foamy was h
i think im on the right track with dr
perricone md face wash is awesome
i like the foaming action as it works well with my mia clairisonic
it also contains vit.
c which is so good for the skin!
i am very pleased with perricone md products.
p wash does the job
i really like dr perricone's cleanser.
when i am done with my peter thomas roth cleansers
crepiness are your bane too i'd say heeeere's neuropeptide eye contour
that's unlike the one on the acyl-g.
that's what this serum does
the only thing representatives told me to add is the vitamin c serum to increase brightness
i love this eye creme
thank you dr p!
i read many things about peptides
this neuropeptide eye contour eye cream delivers
using this product 3x a week
always come back to my neuropeptide
i'd use it on h
my skin got ruff
i stopped using the other perricone md treatments during the 10 days
ovm serum on the other days
it's combo oily in the t-zone.
the bottle says 2-3x a week
the dr says to use it alone
started using this product plus vitamin c drops
i am on my second bottle of conformer
i pump product into an atomizer
i just started my second bottle of serum prep
began using the serum prep again
will definitely continue using serum prep
i love this serum prep.
also blue plasma orbital eye is excellent.
es it perfectly everywhere
my skin has changed completly since using perricone md products
the serum prep is incredible
i hope perri cone md sticks around a long time.
i got this serum as part of perricone’s “the camera ready kit”
i rate this a 10**********
the prep serum is a bit pricey
the products i used cleaned ny skin
it also really helped with ny rosácea
are my holi grail
as i love the truth serum
end of october through part of november
ole henriksen's african red tea foaming cleanser is my new favourite
which i find drying in the harsh canadian winters
i love the antioxidant ingredients.
if this product had vitamin c or another ingredient to brighten skin
i love how it foams
t's not so expensive ounce for ounce
plus has vitamin c
i love that it is sulfate free
doesn't contain laureate sulphate.
used with my foreo luna
while i originally purchased the travel set for the vitamin c serum
everything u need in a cream!
followed by truth serum
this serum is an opaque
i still use additional serums
good for age 35+
--works well with any br
this serum is truly the best serum on the market
this serum is amazing.
not only is ren a natural product with no nasty ingredients
if you read the faq on ren's website about "is ren natural?"
i just apply ren once
my favorite product from the ren line.
since i have been using ren products
i just wish ren made a version with spf.
this used to be called osmotic infusion day cream
the ren ultra moisure day cream is nice
i always combine it with a serum though
i suspect the glycerin.
i love ren products
facial care regimine until i found ren
tried this ren product
the ren line seems to natural
i used an anti-aging cream
my first ren product
i found it in ren.
i am using it with the ren milk cleanser.
ren osmotic infusion cream
i tried this moisturizer from ren
ren has a great one
i highly recommend all of the ren skincare products
on the other h
a treatment that affects the performance of oil gl
it hels fight free radials
irritation caused by the harsh ny weather in february
i've used ren's bio-retinoid oil serum before
this is my hg product!
this is a hg product for me.
this is also a great combo with the vita-mineral serum
i found that this goes really well over the ren radiance serum
i live in colorado in cold dry climate
this is my first ren product
ofcourse you need an spf in the daytime
it goes good with my bb cream so even if there is no spf my bb cream has an spf of 35
falling in love with a few other ren products
all of the ren line is great
the vita-mineral day cream is my favorite
i mix it with a drop of the omega 3 overnight lipid renewal serum
which iis critical for me
i also use the night cream by ren
ards for her br
she is switching to ren
i coudn't justify the price for a basic hydration cream
i swear by all of the ren products.
or after a peel i use the sirtuin phytohormone cream
cold climate like chicago
i love all ren products.
since i use a retin-a treatment
i feel like i've tried every moisturizer short of la mer
my t-zone is oily
ren evercalm are really awesome products!♥
finally something thats not chemical based
skin feels "plumped" i have been using ren products for about 2 years now
this moisturer is amazing for sens skin
i also love that it has antioxidants.
with pairing this with the tachta rice enzyme powder exfoliator
i live in canada
i love ren products
i love that is had no chemicals etc
i love ren products.
i even wear it under my perricone no foundation foundation serum
shower or ole h
a cpl of ladies on beauty talk
i still think that clin.
it goes under my cc
i love all the ren products i've tried
om breakouts i have
this cream/gel is my absolute holy grail product.
good oil regulation for the t zone
holy grail skin product!!
i struggle with breakouts in my t zone
i am using this together with other ren products
slightly dry u zone
helps me with the t zone.
this is my first ren product
i hv mixed oily
i don't need to blot
ren products in general
ren is good for ppl with combination skin
i finally tried ren
then at night i use the frankincense night cream over the lipid serum
keeps my oily t-zone at bay
if you are oily and dry, this product is def.
i am t-zone oily
at night i ust it as my serum under my night cream
i will recommend ren for a combination skin like mine
along with other regimens
it leaves my skin refreshed similarly to the sk-ii mask
left the mask on for abt 15 or 20 mins i didn't timing it
o...m...g... my skin was so fresh, so bright.
ive got tons of big pores
neither english nor chinese
liv tyler uses it
oily in the t-zone
now when my shu stuff runs out i can stick to the g cleanser
i switched from a more expensive br
i typically use night creams like la mer
i used this cream during chicago winter
the luminosity that is shining through my marc jacobs foundation is amazing
gibson a healthy glow all day long.
i tried three samples of anti aging cream
during the day i use the lotus youth preserve face cream
sunspot areas within a few uses
finally, i have found my holy grail face cream!
even drug store br
i usually use caudalie- which is h
usually 1x per day
les the dry areas
following the bt fave serum
i also use following my weekly facial with the bt face mask
'm using the serum underneath
i just purchased my 2nd jar of this product.
peter thomas roth in my opinion
like 3/4 of a jelly bean size
winters in canada are rough
after having used la mer for years
i live in minneapolis
this cream works best with the black tea age delay serum
switching to retin-a when i was 29
ii love this mask
32yrs old with combo skin.
it is ah-mazing!
my skin feels br
i think imma stick with the deluxe sample lol
if sephora offers a set w diff masks, i have it.
a little goes a ling way.
such as the pumpkin enzyme mask which is half th price
pur in on overnight
i love this cooling mask!
i don't find its a treatment mask
use the overnight one for more prounounced anti aging effects
finished the whole jar by october
i keep running my h
the self-foaming bottle
i love this product lancome mouuse radiance clarfying self- foaming cleasing i broght an extra won for back up
f i have one on h
i can't live w/o this product.
i recently recieved the chanel mousse as a gift
they discontinued the gel
lefts ti very clean
although i am 60+
3 pumps is all ya need
i also love the gel radiance as well now i can switch back n forth
gentle enough for 2x a day use
use only bb cream
maybe have to go ack to fab again.
i recently began using a prescription retinoid
sans aucun doute le nettoyant le plus efficace que j'ai essayé
vraiment l'idéal a utiliser avec la mia 2
even better than the peter thomas roth which is more explicitly meant for clearing acne
i always use this one or mouse radiance
i've used all different br
it doesnt make your skin smell like your gr
even without the aria
various products of other br
the la roche posay wasn't as effective in removing makeup
i love micellar water.
then use my retin-a
for years i used eau de bienfait clarte as my makeup remover until lancôme stupidly discontinued it
i find their bi-facil unpleasantly oily
it doesn't cleanse quite as well as the eau de bienfait clarte
i found the eau de bienfait clarte superior in that regard
is not as good as eau de bienfait clarte
i work as an rn with geriatric residents who can have particularly sensitive skin
this means that no matter if i am having vacations in rio de janeiro or miami
greasy as i have when i use biphasic removers
i fid that i am using it daily to cleanse my neck
my 24 y/o uses itt
lancome eau douceur micellar cleansing water for face
my twelve year olld gr
while not as effective as eau bienfait
it feels 'softer' than eau b
then apply argan oil milk followed by this argon oil
apply the argan oil face
ter followed by this argan oil
i only have this golden serum to thank
this is my holy grail
cannot live without my argan oil!
5oz argan oil bottle
ji mox a drop with my foundation for a dewey look
what doesn't for example i can't use anything with the vitamin c or citric acid
add two droppers full
the pure argan oil light in the morning under my bb cream
t lasts very long
i mix this w/ my foundation
i tried tons of prescriptions
a lot of people don't realize that argon oil only has a shelf life of 6 months max
stuff from the josie maran br
ts been somewhat frizzy lately
i live in calgary where it's extremely dry
i've tried both the 100% pure argan oil
until i tried the josie maran 100% pure argan oil
tldr it:i'm a serum junkie with extremely dry
dior snow is over $200 a bottle now
i mix this with the josie maran daily spf 47 mosturizer
i put 2 or 3 drops in my foundation/cc cream
s made worse by lots of h
also the cream oil to carry in my h
especially dealing with canadian winters
its better than any lip balm ive ever used
the t-zone gets hit with bosica's black hydration gel
n love with this oil
ts so hard to protect the skin n hair
pat it n2 my skin
the argan oil levels out my skin
it only dries my skin bec of salycilic acid
esp in the winter time
i love ptr products
the water drench hylauronic cloud serum
a little of this 2× a day, and i'm good.
i recently finished a course of accutane
this serum is amazing!!!
i live in calgary alberta with super dry winters.
i am asian with sensitive skin.
a lil pricier but def worth it!
i wasn't used to a serum
imo this one has superior texture
the ptr serum doesn't cause my skin to break out
love ptr and love this serum.
fresh this serum contain acid hialuric which unlike collagen
hyaluronic acid is a major component of skin
when applied in an ha cream or serum
this really is my holy grail product.
an oily t-zone
bought this as a pure hyaluronic acid product.
i love how lightweight this serum is.
have been using the serum since june 27
if i apply this serum in the morning
this serum is amazing!
i personally loves the la mer cleansing foam
has to do with the molecular weight of the hyaluronic acid
i immediately put this serum on
now that i started using this serum
also goes great under bb/cc cream.
i also apply vitamin c
e serum with/before using the hyaluronic acid serum
this serum got rid of the dry
followed by my fav korres moisturizer
dr oz compared it to the pillowy texture of a baby
this serum really is a life saver
i am hooked on this serum.
this serum provides instant relief to dryness.
i love this serum
its like a secret potion for the face.
i went directly into the store to purchase ptr hyaluronic acid complex
i wear this serum as my base layer
i always come back to this serum
i came across ptrs hyaluronic acid which i cant live without
i tried this serum
i am completely addicted to hyalauronic acid now!
this serum goes on easily
for the past month i have been using this twice daily with the ptr un-wrinkle serum
i also use the ptr mega rich intensive cream
one application of this serum did wonders
this serum goes on smoothly
this is a great product to put on following the use of the "brazilian peel"
then i used mine other creme with this acid
i am on by second bottle of the viz-1000.
this serum is the best!
i live in toronto
this serum is a steal
maybe it's my genes
i love clinique products
also the spf 25 is fab!
with the bonus of spf 25
oh, i just use this in a.m.
spf coverage works like magic
the spf is a magnificent number
thx to clinique for formulating moisturizers that are for specific skin types
i fell in love with clinique's antioxidant night cream
the mega-dose antioxidants will keep it that way
i like it b/c it has everything i need: spf 25 protects me against sun damage
the moisturizer itself is mosturizing enough w/o being greasy
it's got tones of antioxidants to "defense" against aging
wanted less of the whiteness that its titaniun dioxide brought with it
b/c it's spf 25
i like the spf
ma peau est bien hydratée et protégé du soleil
i will def recommend people trying out this cream
it's light- weighted and non-greasy.
clinique has been the first br
my skin usually doesn't take to non-prescribed br
i assume because of the spf
having moved from ca to drying climates
ard clinique yellow lotion
these chicago winters are very harsh
using any of the antioxidant
not as good as the old anti-gravity firming cream
definitely a must in california
the super rescue antioxidant cream at night
i used other more expensive br
living in los angeles does a whammy on your skin.
my t-zone looks
the trick is to wet your h
the pump bottle w/ spf in it
it also leaves my h
i love the herbal sent of these products
work outside in the hot arizona sun
see the benefits of this br
including my cream eyeliner from mac.
i"ve tried a bunch of the higher end cleansers
after washing my h
i live in utah where it is cold and very dry.
i felt really dry living in canada made my skin super dry
i trust european/australian ingredient st
oily in the t-zone
night over my new decleor serum
es to the ability to do this
i discovered this cream after receiving a facial at great jones spa
it does have retinyl palmitate
4 oz tube lasts a very long time
it is applied in the manner of la mer
from cream de la mer to fresh cream de ancienne
i like the natural
i hae break-outs easily
even so-called "hypo-allergenic" ones
this product has caffiene
has significantly helped the appearance of fine lines right unter my eyelid
most recently ptr unwrinkle eye
especially in the florida heat
this is the only moisturizer that has significantly reduced the oiliness from my t-zone
gooey in your h
my t-zone is super oily
i set my face with laura mercier translucent powder
i totally recommend this product for oily/combo skin
this is my holy grail primer.
i've also used an oil control product by anthony
it's very hot today in northern california.
i set it all with lm translucent setting powder
the ud de-slick spray
post accutane my skin turned super oily.
with mufe ultra hd foundation
wow i have super oily skin
combination skin with an oily t-zone
re-purch for sure!!
matte at least for 7 h
i put this on 10 min before i apply a primer
btw i have combination skin
on the other h
now i am oily af
the key is to apply serum
it keeps me matt all day
i wish the spf was higher
great moisturizer and keeps oily t zone at bay.
the spf is a plus.
oily on my t-zone
omg literally the best cleanser i have ever used!
excellent basic cleanser that i have repurchased 10x over
i tend to be a product hopper lol
waterproof makeup since i live in the furnace of arizona
sadly i will not be purchasing since it contains propylene glycol
rub it between my h
your skin ltierally calls for a serum/re balancing oil
so i imagine that this 4 oz.
clairins gentle foaming ceanser is h
clairins gentle foaming ceanser is h
clairins gentle foaming ceanser is h
clairins gentle foaming ceanser is h
the ba give me a sample of it
esp love for my oily, oily skin.
t fits well in my skin ritual
i love how it foams
my kp has diminished by 75%
it works well with my clarisonic mia.
great just by h
fresh or philosphy purity
it maintains the ph of my skin
one for dry skin with shea
the cottonseed one is my favourite
i like that it has spf
i put a "glob" in my h
i will be switching to this br
that's when i stoped using this cream.
i am allergic to high resolution night refill 3x
lancome res-3x literally fills
it also has collagen building properties
windier winters in toronto
i switched to a pharmacy br
the high resolution 5x eye serum under my eyes day
eat a raw food diet
when i washed my h
it just isn't as good as the neuropeptide perricone eye cream
which was very important to me since i use skin lightening face products w/ hydroquinone
bought it in the kit with the vit c eye serum too because it was the same price as the eye lift alone
i did buy this in the vitamin c set
the vitamin c serum lasts
dr. p is sitting pretty!
another great product by dr. perricone.
it is quite liquid-y
hp eye lift is light
the hp eye lift by dr
dr. perricone -this is your best creatiion yet!
just tried this new product from dr
i am in love with this eye serum.
i still had residue from the serum
i used retin-a years
recently i discovered retinol
t goes on smoothly even though its a retinol
i really think this is the best otc retinol on the market
ive used retin a for years!
comparable to prescription strength w/o irritation
i like to use it over a wrinkle serum.
it has one of the highest concentrations of retinol that you can get without a prescription
i do also use a glcolic acid
this happened using 2x a wk for the first wk.
went 1 x a wk for a wk
went back to 2x a wk
this is a great introduction to retinol products
i believe it's the best retinol product out there
made my skin softer than perscription retinol!
as for the serum
makes my skin look better e.g.
i know it's a retinol product
feel like i have found a magic w
on the other h
i've tried other otc retinols etc.
cannot use a lot of the retinol products out there
i love this retinol product.
i am fair skinned
immediately apply the ren omega 3 overnight lipid oil on top as a moisturizer
ts nice for the mornings
this product is holy grail.
vitamin e-free moisturizers
i wish sephora had the 5 oz
kate somerville nourish -- 7 days later
thought i'd give the ks line a try
absorbs better than the goats milk moisturiser w more benefits
which is available at the the ks website
k8 treatment product by kate somerville which i also love
not oily in this tx humidity
anti-bac clearing lotion
i tried the goat milk moisturizer first
i decided to try nourish
my belief had been anything otc wasn't effective
i received a sample of kate somerville's nourish daily moisturizer
i found really good results using it with the rest of the kate somerville skincare products
i love the dispenser.
like all the kate somerville products i've tried
i follow with my toner from ks
this is excellent if you want to stay away from sal acid or benzyl peroxide to treat your mild breakouts
the eradikate spot treatment from ks is amazing at vanishing acne if your skin type reacts well to sulfur
with nice foaming action
i usually use philosophy's purity
i got the ks cleanser with my clarisonic mia
and ks is priced right for the quality products.
used with other kate sommerville products
mask- the sensitive skin ones for me b/c i have sensitive skin
love all the kate sommerville products!
the absence of sodium laureth sulfate makes it not foamy
the only con i have is the cap.
(with skyn iceland & the clarisonic in the p.m.).
i love kate somerville products
this is my second tube of kate somerville
my sample of kate somerville gentle daily wash was excellent
n addition to the wash
the k8 peptide surprise in the deep tissue repair does wonders for your skin
i also love the ks quench
it is sulfate free
this is my fourth tube of the kate somerville gentle daily wash
i usually use kate's quench after using the clarisonic w/ kate gentle daily wash
kate somerville's gentle daily wash is truly gentle
since the max-strength creams
a few other kate somerville products
i like kate the best.
blackhead prone t-zone.
it goes great with my foreo luna mini 2.
i love using this product with my clearosonic mio 2
i found myself at the kate somerville spa in los angeles
i've used this with ks anti bac lotion
my skin is oily in my t-zone
ba-ding-ba-da-boom!
kate sommerville is so under rated
home-made remedies to ren
all drug store br
for kate somerville this product is fairly priced
i used my $25 sephora coupon from december
i usually use my h
it's not harsh or chemical-y
ordered the huge 16 oz bottle
if it came in a 32oz pump
kate s, keep making this product!
i like all kate somerville products i have used
i love ks products, another winner!
i went from prescription topicals to now only using kate acne line products
then the goat milk moisturizer
much like kate's anti bac lotion
a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!
i subscribe to the caroline hirons beauty philosophy
i wish i could buy it in the uk where i live
and the detox in p.m.
kate somerville products have been excellent for my skin
not with this ks.
the oil-free is h
you have to dip your h
s to super expensive br
thanks kate somerville for amazing products
i love the dispenser
if not then i recommend ca botana sea enzyme moisturizer
very oily t-zone
i love all kate sumerville products .
nothing i can't h
spf because both my primer
this isn't a mattifying product
kate somerville's moisturizer is fab!
i got a small one in the kate sometville kit
f you struggle with oily skin
omg this cream is amazing
including the goats milk moisturizer
i am thinking of trying the oil-free serum as well
prob my skin needed another new treat.
i think its called it milia
settles on this ks clearing lotion
i used 3x yesterday
ks was one of the only br
the 5% benzoyl peroxide in anti bac is perfect for me
i love the dispenser
this is my new holy grail
5% of bp is really key!
the d-scarring treatment also from kate somerville
another product with retinol in it
so def apply a moisturizer
i hate it when i use bp gel
that's what some 10% bp gels have done
as in i went on accutane
it's a holy grail product
i keep this on h
my face is still not flawless per se
kate somerville for this product
definitely my holy grail product.
just wash your h
received samples of the may coops raw sauce
it kills the p
thanks to the anti bac
rather than the drug store br
i also alternate kate somerville's eradikate
others have no reaction to salicylic acid
org’s bp lotion for a long time
i already love the ks br
le all types of peels/exfoliators etc
t could be even used in place of a serum
i'd tried the kate somerville spot treatment
i relented to the fantastic reviews that this anti-bac lotion had
i layer the guerlain superaqua serum
i used the anti-bac after cleansing paired with the eradikate spot treatment
including sulfur-based treatments
while the sulfur treatment helped a little
like the clinique br
i love ks products
using peter thomas roth's aba/aha gel
i would apply a little bit of la mer cream
"are you wearing bb cream or something?"
even if it i had to use acids
use this mostly at nighttime after a serum
doesn't pill under foundation
i love using kate somerville's goat milk moisturizing cream during the winter months
i first used this product while using a dr
i def dont want to put lots of chemicals on my face
people who can't h
i am fond of lotions that have lactose or milk protein in their ingredients
this is my third jaw in 5 mths i have combination to oily skin
it's perfection for after my prescription retinal
provides antioxidants like vitamin e
night over sunday riley oils
goat milk cream is h
i switch between this and ks detox cleanser.
i swear by this product
i follow with the kate somerville cytocell
the anti-bac lotion works miracles
the lactic acid brightens
your dna determines the actual natural size
since discovering kate somerville's line my skin glows
responds incredibly to the retinoid i use
kate somerville has the best skin care line.
kate somerville's products just rock!
i drink lots of water
glowy when i use this
i also use ks nourish moisturizer as my night treatment
i could actually see improvements within a week with the sample i received from the kate somerville clinic in los angeles
love kate somerville skin care products
as i use another peptide serum in the mornings along with my kate somerville daily discoloration perfector
i love the jar pumps of kate's products
kate somerville 's products are great!
i recently tried this cream while in nashville at sephora
switched to a dept store br
i am a devotee to all ks products
kate somerville's repair cream with peptide k8 is a good deep moisturizer
personally i am going back to my kinerase c8 peptide because it's much lighter
the last product i tried was perricone md eyelid serum without any success
first introduced to this product during a spa treatment at trump tower in chicago
it is the perfect thickness
along with several other ks products
i do like kate somerville's products
peptides go to work right away.
i love my kate somerville glow!
kate someville's eye cream is absolutely excellent
was recommended the quench face serum
i think the retinol is al
and then i tried this serum.
under laura mercier tinted moisturizer
it contains retinol and hyaluronic acid.
i live in the mid atlantic
so far, this is my favorite serum.
it contains many antioxidants
maybe because of the retinol.
i received a sample of kate somerville quench
her quench serum is amazing
used with the other kate somerville products
all kate somerville products are amazing!
this product has single-h
i am enjoying this serum.
along with tarte maracuja or maran oils
you cannot replace this serum
i am completely impressed with this serum.
this serum is awesome!!
maybe in july the oil-free moisturizer will suffice alone
i will continue to use kate sommerville products.
i highly recommend this serum.
it is a delightful serum
when i first tried this serum
this serum saved the day.
i found the serum to be a little too thick
this serum is a must have.
i saw a video about kate somerville's quench hydrating face serum
i don't like thick serums
thanks kate sommerville for a superior product !
s sll over my h
the serum sinks right in
one pump at night with kate's cyto-cell cream makes a huge difference
i love this serum!
i like all of kate somerville's products
i absolutely love this serum
i love quench, because i have uber-dry skin.
i love this face serum.
i wait a few min before putting ks mositurizer on top
this is the bentley of serums
es luminous glow to the skin
i love it under the goat milk cream
as a special occasion serum or primer
i cannot believe how wonderful this serum is.
i am 46 with an oily t-zone
the top of my h
have not found a perfect serum for my skin
i really love her total vitamin serum which i use in the daytime
this is the best serum i have ever used.
i am a 32 y/o female
perfectn i use this with my amorepacific enzyme peel
medicine, topical rx creams, proactiv twice.
during the 4x points for vib rouge i decided to try this
then using the anti-aging cream
especially when using the mia
the vitamin e seems to help prevent the stripping
this + a vitamin c serum + spf is all you need for daytime
i used it with my clarisonic mia 2
the oil cleaser of the same br
i love ap products and been using them for years.
i am asian with acne skin.
chanel le blanc cleanser
amore pacific has to be my fav skin care brand.
enzyme powder are all good too
then tried the amore pacific cleansing oil
the enzyme peel is also amazing.
the beads helps are anti bacterial!
ing cleansers in its category/price range
after i tried amore i have been used chanel foaming cleanser for years
t wasn't as effective
who now uses amore pacific products
i also live in alaska
works great with the clarisonic mia!
if you use it with a clarsonic mia
wet the mia brush to use
i love anything amore pacific!
this is the best cleanser i ve ever used
i usually dont trust american br
either japanese or korean br
my t-zone is oily
decided to use the deluxe sample of amore pacific treatment wash that i got as a perk reward
le every item in this line
3 mo so far on the serum daily
i love amore pacific facial cleanser.
i received a premium sample of amore pacific enzyme treatment a few months ago
i cannot get enough of amore pacific!
all the amore pacific products are great!
i only use about a 1/2 inch line on my h
i swear by amore pacific - all the products.
the first i tried was the enzyme peel.
i love it just as much as the enzyme peel.
combined with the amore pacific enzyme peel at getting rid of the dead skin cells
i love amore pacific!
i believe asian skincare is superior to western products
it turns into a h
rub it between your h
she showed me the amore pacific oil cleanser
it even takes off my kat von d tattoo liner eyeliner
k-beauty is my new sensation
as a fan of their rice enzyme powder
however after using 2 bottles allready
amazing :)ps would be great for accutane users.
i am a devotee to korean products
s on great korean cleansing oils consistently because some of the smaller br
plus it contains skin-perfecting ahas.
the entire amore pacific line
better than shu in my opinion.
usually splash water on my h
tried it at the sephora store in santa monica la
two pumps on dry h
unlike josie's argon oil cleanser
i would get the r
it removes my mufe hd foundation
i am def in love
a few drug store br
my hg light cleansing for day
i feel like i waste product bc it runs down my h
i think i'll try the shu uemura cleansing oil next time
i tried la mer moisturizer
this is my holy grail!!!!!!
in about 30 min or so
i struggle with an oily t-zone
i love this amorepacific gel.
pls makes my skin feel so smooth.
i also use their enzyme peel
i am 35 with dry skin in the chicago winter
an occasional oily t-zone
other amore pacific products
i 100% credit amore pacific products for this
since i'm on my 10+ jar
oily around t-zone
amore pacific enzyme peel
my routine: chanel blanc cleaner
serum mixed with this gel
by george i think i've found it!
which had this crème inside
yet the don't ship to canada.
amorepacific is a well known korean beauty
as with all amore pacific products
a lil bit of dry combination skin
i am in love with all the amore pacific products i've been using
it's like a mini-facial when i put this on after the serum
the absorption is great
i find that using the hydra-gel for daytime
i live in hawaii and my face is 10x less oily!
this is a very nice korean br
use this with la mer because la mer is a bit too thick on me
like putting chilled aloe vera on a suburn
did i mention it's june in houston right now?
f this works better for your skin
but this serum is perfect for me.
i travel constantly from la to ny
hot humid florida or cold humid ny this has been the perfect amount of moisture
as an strong asian br
i am switching from perricone md to this product
i prefer this serum over their hydroquinone one
not exposed to like it is a more potent vitamin c than others in the store
i moved from nyc to vegas
i just simply can't justify spending almost $100 on a 1 oz/30 ml product
absolutely love this serum!
it's my favorite vitamin c moisturizer i have found
when i went in to buy at the amazing sales associate let me know that the vitamin c in this product was 50 times more potent than any other vitamin c
then use this serum
i live in sofla so sun protection is a priority along with vit c
i can't fathom using another serum
i started using this with the age spot corrector
then again im on acne meds
the murad advanced active radiance serum provides fantastic
i started using murad's advanced active radiance serum with lukewarm expectations as to its efficacy
i think i've found my go-to serum.
this serum works great.
day cream in the c range
coz i can feel the vc is very intense
tried to switch to this serum
followed with this serum
follow with the serum
this serum is fantastic!
this product is more of gel type serum
after two bottles of the serum
i heard that your face gets more sensitive to uv rays with using this
can say as far as vitamin c serums go
i like this serum so far.
the active radiance serum
murad for introducing sucha miracle serum
this is the best serum i have ever tried.
i can't recommend this serum enough!
this is an excellent serum.
i might try using another vitamin c product that is gel base after i'm done
i believe the secret to beautiful radiant skin is vit c
the serum goes right in
this is my second bottle of this serum
i wouldn't ditch the anti-wrinkle cream while using this
when i read the bio of this serum
other vitamin c containing serums
i just tried this serum, and love it!
this is one of the best vitamin c products on the market today
the air-tight packaging means the vitamin c won't degrade
a huge problem with my former c-complex serums
i love this serum!
we all know how important vitamin c
anti oxidants are to our aging skin
i love this serum.
this serum is another hit
i start with the essential c toner then apply the serum followed by a moisturizer
i don't have the essential c moisturizer
this serum is wonderful.
even tho it's a serum i didn't even need a moisturizer
which can happen with vit
i love what c does for brightening
he started using a glycolic face wash from anthony
oily in the t-zone
i used kate somerville's exfolikate foaming face wash
i start by opening up my skin with a korean blackhead starter gel
i like ole henriksen in the tube
i tried 5 products from 5 different br
i tried alpha hydroxy acids
i really like the dr
i didn't like the pump, the tube works better.
f you have sensitive
subbed the dr br
while the trial size lasts since i can't afford to switch to an all dr br
i've never had a major blackhead problem per se
the serum sinks in within a minute
however i like the texture of this serum
this serum doesn't do that
i wanted a serum that had vitamin c in it.
this is a great serum for firming
this serum works great.
its a mans product bla bla bla they have different skin stay strong give it a try trust me its worth it
it's a great peptide serum
jb protein booster eye rescue
jb protein booster skin serum
jb double duty face moisturizer
this serum his face fabulous
i accidentally used this serum
i dont care if its men's serum
nothing works the way this protein booster works: it brightens
this is a light serum.
i likte the fact that it has niacinamide
i can totally see a difference from when i wasn't using serums
this serum is an all-star
packed w/great ingredients
he's tried other men's serums before
i apply this serum a.m.
i follow up with perricone md cold plasma eye
this eye serum had mixed reviews.
if u read directions it isn't a moisture product
the ester c eye serum goes on "dry" if that makes sense
pair it with the perricone md deep wrinkle serum
although the serum is very light
i swear it's because of the vitamin c ester serum
vitamin c ester eye serum is touted as a therapeutic treatment for the eye area
i put a fingertip-full of the serum on it
vitamin c stimulates collagen growth
am obsessed with this eye serum
miss a day of using this eye serum
i love this eye serum.
neuropeptide eye three times a week
i love this serum.
since its vitamin c
vit c helps fade scars
i love the ester c
unlike most vit c products claim
i love the fact that this serum is so light-weight
i credit this serum with keeping the wrinkles at bay
c ester eye serum for 3 weeks now.
lines gone, moisturized, younger looking!yay!
but the ester c is fantastic!
my dermatologist told me to use products with vitamin c
this eye serum is great.
the vitamin c ester eye serum has immediate
nice serum under your eyes.
this eye serum is great!
it is a great base for my eye serum.
i just started a perricone md routine.
for reference i have combo skin with sun spots cause i live in florida
25 under this then perricone md face finishing moisturizer after
i do a peel a few times a week dr
i already have the perricone c ester serum for my eyes
although i can tolerate vitamin c in eye serums
i can't say for sure it's the vitamin c
im considering exchanging this for the face firming activator because i'm really enjoying the other perricone products i own
if you've had issues with vitamin c in the past
this amine in the daytime
e it to this product
dr perricone's other products that i have been using faithfully
the high potency amine complex face lift leaves your face soft
not as heavy duty as the acyl-glutathione
i started using this product along with theacyl glutathione cream
cold plasma sub d
i love using the perricone md products.
this is the greatest antiaging serum ever
il love this serum it'sclearly better than many of the otherso-called dna based ones
the amine complex is great for daytime use.
perricone md is the best there is.
other vitamin c products i have tried: jan marini c-esta
dhc vitamin c essence
awake vitamin c essence
derma e's ester-c serum with e
this vitamin c product is a keeper!
this is by far dr. perricone's best product.
then apply this high potency amine complex face lift
i love all of dr perricone products.
i trust the doc
this product really is a skin-perfector.
if y'all got dem acne doe ya need dis!
my skin just can't h
in place of my retin-a
i just tried the high potency amine complex for the day
it's my new night serum
after two days of using this product with the amine face lift
complements the amine face lift used during the day
omg idk about u
ton on my skin
i've tried clinique ance products before
is the addition of salicylic acid
this stuff is the bomb dot com!
its active ingredient is salicylic acid which is a derivative of aspirin
dont use a scrub the dame day you use this mask.
this mask is ah-mazing
idk if it's due to hormones or what
have oily t zone
i love all clinique products
i love that it's a clay mask
apply this mask wait 5-10 mins
wash with my usual 2%bha ptr facial wash using the clarisonic
rinse apply clinique dramatically different moisturizing lotion+ mixed with effaclar duo by la roche posay or my 4%bha when needed
i also bought clinique all over treatment
i also use this in conjunction with perricone md chloro plasma
sensitive skin like a certain drugstore br
my oily t-zone
plus u only have to leave it on for 5 min
ts some what quick
i love clinique and this mask!
i think my skin can h
when i was using def saw a decrease in oil production
com because i ran out of my ptr sulphur masque
skin looks clearer"--hah hah
it helps control my oily t-zone
i am so allergic to sulfer
i did only in 2d using
i also use the cru oil
received premier cru cream
also use the reservatrol serum along with it
before applying this product i begin with dr
once it has dried i apply the caudalie premier cru the cream
the cell night renewal cream
this technically is a serum
i been on accutane before
i generally use either the balancing serum
or the radiance serum before the creme
i've tried using it in combination with the firming serum
i love dr. perricone's products and fresh.
i find the vinexpert serum
far more effective for me than even le mer
live in las vegas
ter on your skin
i love the premier cru eye cream from this line
i put a serum on first
there's a good 10 to 12 mls left!!
premier cru the cream does what it promises.
the skin specialists at sephora have told me they feel it's better than la mer
after using the 1st wrinkle cream for 5 years
improved version of the 1st wrinkle cream
it's way way cheaper than creme de la mer
highly recommend premier cru the cream
i love that this doesn’t feel chemically
which also rocks/mixed with stella 3-step primer
i cannot live without my premier cru the cream.
my skin got hyper-sensitive after using benzonyl hydroxide
b this product is amazing
at night i first wash my face with african cleanser from ole then i put on the night gel from ole
in the morning i use the sos serum then the cream
better than any bb or wrinkle cream ever
i instantly fell in love with cru la creme
with cru la creme, a little goes a long way.
i discovered the price of cru la creme to be comparable to the combined cost of my day
you should definitely consider cru la creme
com to see about ordering it
woke up after night time premier cru la creme
i recently twitched to premier cru from algenist regular moisturizer because the algenist was ok for day
decided to try caudalie's premier cru
i also use sub d on my neck and chest.
this treatment is trans-formative!
i decided to try cold plasma.
i started using this with korres saffron serum
then this cold plasma
cold plasma lives up to the hype
cold plasma is truly the holy grail of skin care products
try the perricone md face firming moisturizer
cold plasma gets results
after either a vitamin c serum or sk-ii essence
cold plasma has made for a great daily serum that keeps my skin clear
i definitely recommend it for a night time serum
i started using this in addition to an otc topical
i love cold plasma.
i don't detect it with the cold plasma
the blue plasma yes, but this, not at all!
moisturizers from snail secretion stuff to lamer
use either the advanced face firming activator or the high potency amine face lift in the mornings
almost pore-less with dr
cold plasma will be your skin's est friend!!!
stop you from buying cold plasma
cold plasma sub-d
i love cold plasma.
the perricone eye serum in the am
the pore minimizer liquid on the other h
for reference i am asian with very oily sensitive skin
this serum is amazing.
i can grab my cold plasma
i do use a whole peri one regimen
that's with out the supplements
oh, and my skin is not sensitized at all!
cold plasma actually works
i just took my perricone cold plasma
all i can say is this product is like the nectar of the gods
i will always use this serum.....
she also uses the sub-d
i always come back to perricone md
i researched cold plasma
the fact that dr
the cold plasma is fantastic
under la mer or aesop cream
now i'm hooked on perricone md products
the cold plasma is probably the most expensive of perricone md products
on the other h
wear it at night ans apply a thickish layer
i used the olay dark spot correcting serum
i am a skin type 4
i drink liquid chlorophly 2x a day to clean my blood
def not a lightweight moisturizer
i live in denver
i usually add a little bit of squalene to every jar
i like that is has spf.
far superior to any drugstore br
i am going to purchase the dark spot corrector serum
i cant say that the cream exfoliate because i use a seperate product for that
powder than i used to
i am an african american female
goes great with the skin tone corrector serum.
ren before i gave this product a try
i suggest to use with extra virgin coconut oil.
i only wish it had a higher spf... 30+ please!
ive noticed better skin texture
i replaced another clinique product -- super defense spf 25 -- with this one
plus it has spf
works well with the clinique dark spot fader
after this i use dr
i just ordered the serum
it's part of my daily regimen.
améliore les rides et cernes et poches.
aide à l'application de l'anticerne ensuite.
je l'utilise matin et soir depuis plus d'1 an.
along with the serum
usually use dr denese products
i like the serum
i wear contact lenses
already strat to have fine lines
i think i've tried every eye cream on the market including the very expensive cold plasma from dr
i also use the genifique serum too.
it sort of has a serum feel to it
works great with the genifique face serum
this is my hg eye cream
it's more like a serum
def a staple product in my skincare routine
the trick is to lather it in your h
t doesn't strip my skin
i am 47 with combo skin and an oily tzone.
whenever i use another br
even just using my h
i love this moisturizer along with the vitamin c booster
i dont wet my face or h
i love this eye roller!
this product really does help for blemish spot treatment because of the ingredients like caffeine ect
best eye de puffer since
works instantly to de puff
i don't think this is meant to be a full on eye cream per se
and i enjoy the rollerball action.
this is my holy grail item!!!
best eye de-puffer i've ever used.
tried a million de-puff eye cream
by george and i'm sticking with it!
definitely wouldn't consider this product a serum
then i received the fab detox eye roller in a set of fab products
i used this while on accutane
now that i'm done with accutane
i think that the colloidal oatmeal is an important ingredient
i don't use it on my face because i only use perricone md
recommend this to dry or oily skin peeps.
i also use this as a h
but holy moly i fell in love!
crack-ily feeling skin for months
i like water based ones like belif or dr jart
i am ob-sessed with this cream.
i love this product along with the facewash
no dry skin in the a.m.
i got the 2 oz bottle
from my 2 y/o gr
stopped using this cream for ole henriksen's control balance oil control hydrator
it doesn't leave the skin quenched after 5 min
cream after i wash my h
i don't like the 6oz tub
i noticed it wasnt really quenching my skin
then i got a sample of the fab ultra hydrating serum
i still recommend for oily skin tho!
when i have a breakout or a few zits i mix in castor oil
i love the serum from this line
flaky skin al over my face
previously i've been using la prairie
i don't use any color corrector anymore
use the first aid beauty serum at night
when i came across this serum
i really like this serum.
i first tried this as the 7 daily-use ampoules
i follow up with the f.a.b.
i highly recommend trying this product of you suffer from sd
now with all that said i'm also using the sunday riley luna
this serum i'm defiantly seeing results
the good genes 5 minutes after
i used a bottle of this
not "holy grail" status for me
my bobbi brown bb cream just wasn't cutting it
this serum does well for my skin
this serum is a savior!
after about two weeks using this product in conjunction with peter thomas roth's cucumber gel mask
i've also now added ptr camu camu serum
this serum was amazing
applied this serum before trying on various foundations
this serum is fantastic.
for many african american women
rx that did not work
i couldn't believe this serum actually worked.
ed in germany i had red bumps
after letting it sit for 20ish mins i put on josie maran argan oil light
then i use the ptr retinol eye cream.
this serum has 1 or 1
i heard that peter thomas roth has another one with a whopping 3%
the consistency of the serum is that of water
so then i go back to the retinol
sunday riley good genes in the morning = wonderful skin
some other peter thomas roth products have been disappointing for me
then gradually adding a day each wk
am abit more dry
the skin only h
i like this serum.
i do use origins nightamins after i apply the serum for moisture
are avid peter thomas roth users
bye bye undereye bags
i do use the ptr un-wrinkle eye also on top of this though
ptr products are worth it
then i found this amazing serum!
is the perfect base for the ptr unwrinkle night cream
i love this retinol because it is
i can't live without retinol
gave it 4 stars because ptr tests on animals
will continue to purchase until i find a retinol serum like this from a non-cruelty br
this is my first product that contains retinol
this serum is changing my life as i know it.
a sephora employee suggested me to try this serum or peter thomas roth professional 3% retinoid plus
this serum worked wonders for me
i got this when i had the vib rouge 20% off coupon
really wanted to get a retinol serum
this serum has improved my skin
switched to this from dr dennis gross ferulic
use dr dennis gross extra strength peels once a week
this is a miracle serum.
i also use the dr
gross medi-spa peel once a week which is a must if you're dry
look less pronounced with this serum
almost feels like a mini microdermabrasion imo.
found out about this retinol serum
slightly smells like condom lubricant lol def a great buy though
this serum is amazing!
omg this stuff if the holy grail!
ptr is my absolute go-to skincare line!
!the serum feels light on the skin.
i like the dropper applicator as i can measure how much i need
i try to use a retinol based serum every night
have used retinol fusion pm for nearly two years.
s especially the left h
i put the retinol on with my right h
decided to use a retinol product
or whatever face oil i have on h
ptr is my favorite skincare br
is i just take the dropper
i dont every touch the dropper directly to my face
this serum is runny.
in general, retinol is a very unstable substance.
t is vitamin c
though peter thomas roth says that this is high potency retinol
you don't really know how much retinol or vitamin c you are actually getting
i wonder if it has any optical ingredients
from the vitamin c
when i found ptr products
with retinol it is a marathon
takes about 6 mos for me
potions ranging from ultra high end to drugstore
sk-ii did nothing compared to this.
josie maran argan oil is a winning combination
in the am i use time in a bottle since it has vitamin c which is recommended when using retinol
this is one of my favorite ptr products.
found that this retinol pm by ptr is one of the highest doses you can get without a rx
just hold dropper with left h
open fingers into v formation
i swear by ptr products
i previously used retin-a micro
alternating with another serum after i cleanse my face utilizing the clarisonic mia 2
i love this serum
i started to up the dosage
once i got the dosage down
i've tried glow by dr
t which contains 2% retinol to compare with the fusion pm which is 1
i tried the ptr retinol pm because i heard that retinol is supposed to be good for that
since retinol is suppose to be anti-clogging
and my visit to facial extractions has decreased.
best retinol i have ever used.
i love this retinol serum because it is great for layering other products
beat retinol product i've tried thus far!
fyi i have oily skin
i massage this clockwise
the heat from my h
plus i have dry flaky skin from use of retin a
the pump is very h
then massage with wet h
i even asked about shu uemura's cleansing oil
i enjoy this product in the summer in texas.
i like the apple stem cells part of the ingredients
i like to use this together with the collagen booster
i live in florida
i can even wear under my bb cream.
7 oz vs the usual 1 oz
then use dr br
ts matte bb cream which is also amazing
this lotion is great for my t-zone area in particular
sarah at the king of prussia
first time i try dr
t matte finish bb cream
i wear it under a cc cream
works extremely well even in dc heat
eg differin gel at night
add a mineral powder--clinique- works for me
i recently switched to dr. brandt.
noticed immediately the product helped w/mattifying the shine
plus i love that it has just a trace of retinol.
i first purchased dr
i used this under the pore refiner
even in dc humidity i don't need to do constant powder refreshing
s to high end br
mainly retinol because it's clinically proven
dr. brandt has truly made greatness in a bottle!
gets oily in t zone
love the mattifying properties
i tried another dr br
this truely is mattifying!
i love that it has retinol in it
the consistency is like a serum
slightly oily in t-zone
i put it on top of my olehenriksen vit c serum
seeing as the 2oz is $74
as it came to 2oz total
try the mw face wash!
i mix this with the turbo booster c powder
it is way to goo-y
when hope is not enough forming serum which i mix with vitamin c booster powder
i also use the miracle spot corrector, and pads.
i add the vitamin c booster
i live in northern mi
in the mornings i put in a bit of the philosophy vitamin c booster
this product is h
i get oily in my t zone
after i rinse my face w water
def a product to add to your skin care routine.
you must use this product with dry h
très agréable et doux même si je suis sur accutane
i would use a cotton ball
cushion-y on my skin
most asian skincare br
the usual t-zone area is oily
- i finish with the nay coop raw sauce
i tried cleansing oil from other br
all the other products ive used
lastly i follow with sunday riley ceramic slip cleanser to really get everything out of my pores
really cleared the acne i tried plenty since as i like to try diff products as a beauty advisor
spoke with murad rep in destin fl sephora
acne prone skin really struggled before i found this because of kelly strack on youtube
i don't know about the time-released salicylic acid
my skin changed r
along with philosophy vit c peel
for my dry girls- this cleanser in combination with the drunk elephant la la retro whipped cream is the absolute best
use only a bot or it will dry your skin.
i occasionally use it with my mia fit
especially when paired with a treatment or serum
the only downside with this cleanser imo is the retinol in it
even when i completley switched over to a healthy diet
my face couldn't h
i didn't care for all thr products
from coconut oil cleansing to proactiv to chanel.
together this products w my mia 2 keep my skin flawless
le it on my own before giving up the pill
an oral pill called solodyne
night along with dr
dennis gross acne eliminating pads
i started using this product in july
although i still sometimes r
its a holy grail product.
this product is officially my holy grail.
strong fine lines ect
i've used ptr products here
for botox or juvederm thanks to peter thomas roth
wanted a solution before i start to consider botox/dysport etc
i do like firmx growth factor extreme neuropeptide serum
i liked the results from neuropeptides in general
i added neuropeptide products
which is nice b/c of the price
i am a big fan of all peter thomas roth products.
great stuff-cant live w/o it
the peter thomas rothserum does more
i only use the serum at night as i have found it best to leave the firmx creme on
after using ptr retinol fusion
effective serum do its stuff
it's the best serum i've ever tried.
this new product by ptr wins h
after my experiments i'm sticking with ptr firmx serum
this alone makes this serum a "miracle" in a bottle in my eyes
i may try to new dior product
it's part good genes
no stinging or irritation if you're used to peptides
ski p this product
i love the peter thomas roth line of unwrinkle products
as does all ptr.
this product along with unwrinkle serum
i"m starting to loose the elastin in my face
this is the best serum i have ever used
one small pump mixed with my philosophy turbo c booster powder covers my whole face
this is peter thomas roth's excellent quality in product formulation shining through
have tried moisture ms 5x the price
his skin iis sensitive
très bon produit pour le prix!
laisse la peau fraîche et bien hydrater
juste après quelques jours d'utilisation je vois une différence dans l’apparence de ma peau
e to my oily skin
i recently switched up my skincare routine since moving from oregon to florida
just love "skin recuse daily face cream"
several breakouts because of toronto weather
acnéique et sèche par endroit et elle fait des petits miracles sur ma peau
elle hydrate super bien et laisse la peau lisse et matte
elle est non-parfumée et très liquide
donc très légère sur la peau
le a little shine vs
i will def keep this stocked at all times!
i didn't wanna stray away from my trusty clinique gel moisturizer
try drinking tons of water
this is def hg status to the max.
i used kate somerville moisturizer prior
the ingredients like ceramide
then finally i discovered this clinique roller ball de-puffing eye massage
while massaging the serum over the orbital bone
i seriously cannot recommend the aae serum enough
the caffeine in the serum perks up my eyes
i tried several de-puffers in the store
omg best product ever!!
this clinique all about eyes serum de-puffing massage works like a charm
have used many of luxury eye cream br
l'applicateur à bille et l'effet fraicheur sont vraiment plaisants
il dégonfle un peu mes yeux mais je ne l'utilise que depuis 4 jours
ma première impression est que ce produit a un bon rapport qualité/prix
s of de-puffing gels i've tried
i am so happy with this eye serum from clinique!
not expensive for a cooling massager + anti-aging placebo eh?
i've tried other eye de-puffers
i love clinique products
it is a clear serum.
on the other h
so, i use this serum a lot.
then i apply this serum, and the lines are gone.
the clinique all about eyes de-puffer massage serum is the best product i've ever used for this problem
i like this serum alot because it is easy to apply
thanks to the caffeine it contains
i instantly see results after i apply this serum to under my eyes
this serum really works
the rollerball tube is travel- friendly
i don't need to stick my h
the active ingredient is caffeine which de-puffs the eye area
rollerball makes it easy to apply this serum around eye area
i decided i needed an eye de-puffer
i am now on my second serum
this is the best de-puffing product i have used
more like a light cream than the usual serum.
i warm it in my h
very anti-aging for 30+ skin type
i also use macs prep
been using this for 3-1/2 mths now
roc retinol correxion deep wrinkle
will def be a faithful user.
saw no wrinkles after spending days under the mexican sun
have always returned to shiseido's bio-performance serum
this serum works miracles on my combination skin.
it's not a "liquid" type of serum
to me it feels like a silicone-y thick cream
i am new to serums
it's not a typical "serum"
the serum is very lightweight
bio-performance super corrective serum
with the peter roth antiwrinkle pads
faster than any serum or cream i have ever tried
this serum isn't really a serum
my new go to serum
the bio performance eye cream
bio perf super serum seems to balance the harshest extremes of my skin
my sample of shiseido's bio-performance super corrective serum left my skin look fresh
my skin is combination t-zone
my skin in dry santa fe is dry
this serum has really perked up my skin
i just purchased my second bottle of this serum
i usually use caudalie vinoperfect serum
i am in love with this serum.
this is practically a miracle creme.
use it as bb cream
it is a tad bit thicker than chanel hydra
i like to use hydra life under my foundation
i just love this crème!
i've also just discovered dior hydra bb
before i add my dior foundation
kind of oily t zone
i've found the holy grail.
this is 10x better
i can't wait to get the serum next!
i always come back to dior hydra life
i just started using this creme mainly for hydration
since i used to have the hydraction dior formula w/o anti-aging
dior hydrator maks my face feel smooth
im sure glad that dior came out with a creme that doesnt have parabens
works gr-8 under makeup and stays moist all day.
i love this creme.
with dior hydra life pro-youth cream
it's great that there is vitamin c in it
try a q tip for application.
i apply to my undereye area
after using it i hab noticed wrinkle has decreased noticbly
the dior hydra life pro sorbet eye cream works very well
i've tried many dior products
although i was using a popular eye creme
t is the perfect consistency
this creme got rid of the calcium build up
i woudnt recommend it for people 30 yrs + with wrinkles or people with super dark circles
use peter thomas roth neuropeptide eye treatment
even their version w spf does not pill up w makeup
the creme is lightweight
sort of a dab-on thingy
and it will last 6 mos.
the dior cream is my #1 preferred brand.
i tried to search for it in asia
that means the asia cream does not treat dark circles
"i wouldn't use chanel toothpaste
i love peter thomas roth's eyecrem
and this creme feeels soo refreshing.
equivalent to la mer without being as heavy.
am trying the other dior hydra life products as well
the sales rep showed me dior hydra.
prior to dr dennis gross moisture cushion
before the dior hydra life serum
s down the best serum out there
however i haven't been using serum for so long because everytime i use a serum
i absolutely love this serum!
before my korres wild rose serum
i dnt have problematic skin
in that respect, this serum is great.
this serum has really transformed my skin.
this serum is amazing.
i recomend this product!
this serum is very lightweight
this serum is worth it
having fallen in love with bb creams
to me it still isn't as good as este lauder night repair serum
then apply perricone's photo plasma
i put this on under my capture totale intensive night cream
when i heard this jumps vitamin c by 400% i thought i'd give it a try
sometimes i use my dior multi-perfection serum after
i applied some "truth serum" by ole henrikson on afterwards
the french products never disappoint.
i got this as a free sample when i ordered "sklin bender vol
the peter thomas roth cc cream from the kit also has a lovely finish once it dries
it's very expensive serum
been using about 2 wks
do thk very good serum
this serum is amazing!
i love this serum.
this is the best serum i've ever tried
i love dior makeup
non worked till i used this serum
this is the serum to get
i don't wanna live w/o it
i like for my h
this serum does a good job
i absolutely love this serum.
still a good serum and i will continue to use it.
i started using this a few years ago with the capture xp wrinkle
then use algenist firming creme
i am now a believer in dior totale one essential.
along w/the acyl glutathione eye
which i find very exp
even when i was going thru menopause
right up there with la mer and sk-ii products.
the texture isn't heavy or sticky like crème de la mer
future solution lx total regenerating cream is smooth
it doesn't smell as bad the cold plasma sub-d
decided to pick up the plasma essentials kit
partnered this with the amazing cold plasma face treatment serum
ive found the right blend of great treatment
i still smear on the cold plasma
i am 46 with combination skin
i just tried a cold plasma face
like my cold plasma for the face
yes, i adore cold plasma!
combine with the acyl glutathione for the eyes
i am in l.o.v.e.
with cold plasma eye!
of all the perricone md eye creams i have tried
i am loyal to cold plasma eye.
thank god i found cold plasma eye!
a half i had been using the stri-vectin eye cream
i simply use in conjunction with josie maran argan oil for moisturization
this serum is a wonderful treatment to use under the perricone neuropeptide eye cream
la mer, remede, chanel etc).
then i put my peter thomas roth unwrinkle overtop of the cold plasma eye because not only does its ingredients work on their own
the cold plasma eye’s ingredients boost the effectiveness of the ptr eye cream or any other eye cream used
cold plasma eye is amazing!
that's all i need since i habe serums to do other stuff
works great under my dr
spf is always a plus
i live in colorado where it is dry
i started with fab's spf40
that i treated with benz
i started using this creme
then i throw on my primers
i love that it has spf 30 and a few antioxidants.
i've used all different br
the 30 spf is perfect
besides my la mer
i need a day cream that can st
i will only use this br
probably because i use the fab power serum under it
i recommend this spf to everyone!
i normally use ole henriksen herbal day cream with spf
it's one of my holy grail product.
i place two pumps in the palm of my h
overall, holy grail product for me.
most notably dr dennis gross
i've also used worn it as a mask for 10-15 minutes since kaolin clay is the 2nd ingredient
ts fine for sensitive skin too
also another great ren product!
background: african american medium dark oily/sensitive skin prone to breakouts
ion of product all over my face since it is not foamy
might repurchase the ren cleanser
md forte glycolic wash
com ever drops the br
i first heard about it through elle fowler
i like ren's bio-retinoid anti-aging concentrate
alpha-h liquid gold
use this at night along with the ren 3 calm gel cream
i've purchased several ren products lately
helps balance your skin's ph levels
making sure my h
ps follow the directions exactly for best results =
i switched back to ren
another fantasic cleanser from ren.
i worked my way up to ren clearcalm 3 through the two more sensitive varieties
the ren skincare line is absolutely fabulous
powder down to bb cream
hd powder in a matter of weeks
ren is an amazing clean bioactive br
i am hooked on ren products now- i can't wait to try everything in the ren skincare line
after battling t-zone acne for t 10 years
night serum in to my regimen which have improved my results
occasional oily t-zone
have a oily t-zone
after det first time
the sa said i should be looking at ren
best to use over top a serum.
i love every ren product i've tried!
this is my holy grail
i also just purchased the vitamins c brightening serum from this same br
i hope ren will never stop the production.
ts really good for colder seasons
still use daily eye crm
ren products are fantastic.
i love ren products in general
voila - i have combination skin.
it's my holy grail :)
decided on ren because of the natural ingredients
as with the other ren products i've purchased
please note: this product used to be called replenishing night serum
i'd say ren is a great all-natural br
i chose this serum
i love this ren lotion
the serum really replenishes the skin
hydroxy/lactic acid masks/scrubs/wipes
i began using this along with the clay cleanser from ren
powder down to bb cream
i love this serum!
i'd look to a serum for that
ren has created a product thats precisely what i needed
kate somerville benzoyl peroxide lotion
then, i found ren!
i love the ren line
great for spot treatments on t-zone
the mask uses vitamin c to brighten the skin.
e steaming my face
he wears this over the truth serum
along with the ole henriksen vitamin c serum
i only use it as a day creme
the spf is a big plus
it also was perfect for my skin while i was on accutane
i love that it has vitamin c
one part of the sheer transformation over the vitamin c serum in the mornings
use with the truth serum, a .
with the vitamin c my skin seems to be glowing
i love almost all of the truth vitamin c line from ole henriksen
now that i am using all o.h.
sort of like orange pez
after moving to las vegas from the midwest
it smells amazing--sort of like vitamin c chews--
the vitamin c helps to even skin tone
i faithfully apply this every morning after ole's vitamin c serum
i live in arizona
i recommend us with the african tea cleanser on this line
e that to the creme totally
the spf is a nice bonus.
it's moisturizing enough for toronto weather too
i would definitely recommend truth revealed vitamin c super creme spf 15
i am sensitive to vit.
i started using this product in february 2013
truth serum collagen booster
i wish it would come in a pump like ole's cc creme
after using truth revealed vitamin c super creme my skin's appearance drastically improved
i love this creme .
this creme works well
i like that it has spf.
i also purchased the serum
great anti aging cream.
plus it has spf!
a day creme with a respectable amount of spf that doesn't
so far, the o.h.
om note: if you ever ate smarties double lollies
works best with the ole henriksen serum.
a few other ole products
i am using it with the truth serum
in combination with ole henriksen's truth serum
this serum really works -
s to high end luxury br
this serum is amazing.
this serum is amazing!
even when wearing foundation over the serum
i adore this product from clinique.
this serum is amazing!
im so satisfied w/ this product.
i love it as a bse for daily use
tarte maracuja c brightening eye cream
i've only been using this serum for a few weeke
being a phd of bio-chemistry
after trying out clinique's serum
keep returning to clinique laser
this was the first serum i've ever tried
the best serum i've tried
i just bought that serum
finally i have found my favorite serum
i love this serum.
i tried it because i liked the fact that it is a uv damage corrector
there is another serum i prefer for my oily skin
i used the skinmedica sns serum to the tune of $250/ounce at the recommendation of my dermatologist
i am not using this as an anti-aging serum
i can see a differnce in the texture of my skin
this serum is great.
i've tried several pricey serums (sera?)
i would say 'try it' before a more pricey serum
uv damage without stressing out my skin
that it has spf
i wear it during the day under my murad cream bc the murad cream has spf
i decided to try clinique tio see if i'd have a reaction or burning sensation
the dior eye creme
i used the repairwear laser focuse wrinkle corrector
i wear contact lenses
i highly recomend it.
ter on my dry tired eyes
you w ould only have to use a bit
on the other h
along with tata harper's products
along with the elixir
i am always leary of eye creams.
return to the creme ancienne
it's a paste-like cream
om allergies to a lot of cosmetics
creme ancienne has significantly decreased the occurrences of dry patches
becomes creamy when it hits the armth of yur skin
im loving this cream.
for my 44 y/o skin
i got a sample of murad hydro ultimate moisture
i live ina very hot
i started using this in conjunction with the bare minerals serum
while i looove sheet masks
im in my late 30s and i have combination skin.
until i found murad hydro-dynamic ultimate moisture cream
almost like dr scholls gel cushion
live in the polar vortex that is the midwest these days
i like that it doesn't pill
i also love it's anti-aging properties.
have an extra tub h
perfect for my flaky t-zone
i recently tried mary kay timewise
unless i go broke or bobbi discontinues these amazing moisturizers
i tried a ton of luxury brands and drugstore.
this is perfect for a summer tine night cream
t doesn't irriate my skin
an oily t zone
quality bobby brown product as usual!
very oily t-zone
i love that it has retinyl palmitate in it
but i'll still pay for it, b/c it works, sigh.
i live in san diego so my winter was around the 60-50s
dullness with the winter temps
lately i have been mixing two drops of the cover fx custom foundation drops with the moisturizer
creating a bb cream type consistency
wow i have combination skin
my t-zone is extremely oily
i ended up purchasing this face cream with bobbi brown's bb cream
that's basically my daily regimen.
after recently completing my accutane treatment
as long as i use a light h
i then applied my dior powder foundation
in comparison to other br
a necessity here in florida
invested $$$ into mac 'lightful' skincare
i already having a color corrector
gave up on 4-5 diff "remedies"
i've tested 4 other expensive br
so oily or combo skin pals i highly recommend.
it did jus that
i got this for free as part of the 500 pt kit
i think of this more as a seri
this is te best eye cream i've used.
le an entire eye no problem
one of my holy grail products.
as long as bb makes this
i am a contact lense wearer
witch hazel witch is what helps smooth the skin
this is my holy grail eye cream.
ive used other eye creams
bb shea face base
made the switch to this bb tube soap
dry here in chicago
this is my new staple and holy grail serum!
this serum is amazing
this serum did it in for me
since i've been using this serum
i really like the dropper dispenser.
best serum i have ever tried!
since moving from australia to canada
le on my dryness
weil's brightening serum from origins
this is my favorite serum.
this serum is one of them
i highly recommend this serum
mix philosophy's turbo boost c to up the vitamin c content
the serum is a good texture
mixed with the vitamin c
overall nice serum with some great ingredients.
well this bb product has two great natural ingredients
decided to try this serum
it is loaded with vitamins
it balances my combo skin
and fyi, it still contains spf.
anytime you see titanium dioxide or zinc in your ingredient list
it may not be labeled on the product bc it's not a substantial amount to pass the fda regulation
your are suppose to reapply spf every 2-3 hrs
in canada anything that has spf15 or lower cannot have it on the label
this lotion does not contain sp
because bb creams are very big in asia
i ended up buying this instead of the bb cream
f it lasts a long time
plus the spf in my foundation
everyones skin is different.
i warm the product in my h
its enriched with vitamins for my skin
ful of times of applying this
i am a finger foundation applier lol
love this face base both as a vitamin enriched face cream
am allergic to a lot of "drug store" br
probably because of the vitamin a in the ingredients
unlike other retinol/vitamin a products i didn't peel or redden
i am also combo skin (oily in the t zone).
other than washing my h
and unlike silicone primers, no breakouts either.
my skin is oily in the t-zone
i tried the marc jacobs primer
it's like my skin just drank a gallon of water
omg so fresh and amazing, will def repurchase
as a self taught mua
jeffrey starr recommended this cream
i've tried alot of other primers & bases.
this cream is everything it's like ur giving a vitamins doze to ur face
leave ur skin so fresh
or setting powder i used
this product really is my holy grail.
tried the marc jacobs primer every mua on youtube raved about
im still using it since february
i've tried a ton of different primers
shea for oily skin?
wish bb would do a parfum like it.
n love with this product
just wish it wasnt so exp!
it's like a deep conditioner for your face haha.
this is my hg face oil.
use this oil in combination with the ole henriksen blue/black berry enzyme mask a few times a week
f you have combo skin
i warm it up in my h
t won't cause my eyeshadow to smear
i think i've found my hg eye cream...finally!
living in calgary ab, the winters can be brutal.
helped with fine lines and crepe-y skin.
the bb corrector takes care of that
this serum is really great!
i also wear bobbi brown corrector
as rich an eye cream as any out there in the dept
i don't look 60+.
i live in chicago
i warm a bit b/t my fingers
especially when using corrector
peptides to repair my fine lines
i used it for undereye bags.
i used it as a mask
i combine it with ole henriksen's sheer transformation cream
then apply laura gellar balance
i got a sample of this eye firming gel
i swear by this product
know in the other h
a little diet dew a little peter roth
thank you peter thomas roth.
nv perricone is doing wonders for many areas of my aging skin
this serum is thick
i felt the serum tightening on my face
i love all ptr products
voi-la it works just perfectly
i got this with the radiance serum for my birthday gift from sephora
i love peter thomas roth for inventing it
i love peter thomas roth's instant firmx.
i mix a pea-sized amount into my moisturizer + argan oil
it contains retinyl palmitate which is vit a
this converts to retinol in the skin.
peter thomas roth's products are great.
bags are under ur eyes
a great staple to have on h
i heard about this firming creme on the dr
oz show i went
i mix it with an argan oil to distri
seen this on dr
oz show where dr
mine were just as dramatic as dr. oz.
i tried using a damp q-tip
then i saw this product on dr
thank you to mr. peter thomas roth!!
bravo to ptr for crafting a product that actually works
great product and dr. oz approved.
of "face firm" cream/serum
i love the packaging wit the pump and cap.
this serum totally repaired my skin.
i hope this serum continues to work its magic.
brighter when combine this product with ren clearcalm
zero grease like other hyaluronic/vit c combos i've used before are
ing product out of their store
ren products are pure
ren products work beautifully together
this is an amazing serum
this serum goes into your skin
a day serum as well as an undereye serum
i just returned my la mer creme for the full size of this
live by lake michigan
along with the vinoperfect radiance serum
or paired over the serum during the day
i am a long time fan of the josie maran argan milk
with the summer temps
i ordered it while down in fl
i hate moistrizers with silicon
used in conjunction with the serum
along with the serum
the serum is a little pricey
in pharmacies in france you get it for something equivalent to 28 cad
wanted to try the sos serum
i got this and the serum as the bday gift.
i layer this on top of the caudalie sos thirst-quenching serum
i can also use it as h
the price is a bit steep for little 30 ml
firstly, i have combination skin.
le that certain part of my face
i think the results are better when combined with the vinoperfect radiance serum
and combined with the serum it was even better!
it came with the vinoperfect radiance serum
the radiance serum morning
used this with the radiance serum
current beauty insider bd gift
especially combined with the radiance serum
i love that its spf.
i partner it with lorac cc cream
i liked the retinol
i usually layer it over prevage serum.
mufe hd 110 + illamasqua rf105 mixture
i live in sunny tx
ing what this cream is
ing that it is basically a lotion version of a baby quasar red light
i am now on my second bottle of photodynamic.
i received a sample of photodynamic therapy in a retail location
except for pure grapeseed oil
the peter thomas roth gentle complexion correction pads
even after just 5 days of photodynamic therapy use
$85 for 1oz is outrageous.
thank you dr. kunin!
vitamin d which is one of the catalysts to using light to build collagen
i moved to az recently
the spf30 sun protection
i go fro regular light facials
then apply kate somerville dilo oil all over my face
this helps de puff after i wake up.
i am allergic to coffee
love the de-puff i get.
i def see a difference when using it
this bargin bin product does the trick
good de-pufferizer for your eyes.
i really wanted to de-puff
i tried cliniques even better eye corrector
in conjunction with african black soap
i typically use fresh br
if my face can h
i do the sydney-la-nyc trip regularly
ing the bad reviews
roc is what i have been using
then i use the 8hr mattifying in the am b4 i do my makeup
this is what i use if i run out or at night i mix my rx retinal with it
kept my skin looking healthy through a chicago winter
i eat less sodium now.
sodium retains water in the body just fyi.
had been using high-end french line.
def worth the price bc it works!
i got a sample of la prairie white caviar syrum
i tried shiseido future solution lx eye
except this lx is for lip
i've used the same br
or klorane bb eye cream
i got the gift package with the elixir
this is my holy grail eye cream.
cru the obsession haha
which comes with premier cru cream
also known as tin oxide
then go in with my cru
ive tried many eye creams
dk about the issue with the bottle
the top untwist s
though i also use vinexpert serum
is quite popular in france
i changed eye cream to capture xp by dior
next i tried premier cru the eye cream by caudalie
one of which was a generous sample of the premier cru eye cream
can use up all the r
om face creams that i have
recently i paired it with the vin expert eye serum just for more anti aging because i treat my eyes like i would treat my face
i also use it with the clairisonic mia2
a few drops of josie maran argan oil
i love laura mercier's products
this repair serum is amazing
not really versed with lm products
i love this serum.
i recently began using lm products
clean complexion i was noticing when i was using the serum
lm was offering a promotion gift set
the serum was in it
i did try a sample of the vitamin c collogen booster serum
i love the quality of the laura mercier skincare line
plus, it has spf.
oil-slick t-zone
le it with care
using this moisturizer with laura mercier perfecting water creates a flawless
you can still use the foundation primer from laura mercier as well
have used laura mercier products for years now
i don't believe in having to buy a serum
only had the emulsion version
great line so fay!
this is her absolute holy grail product
i like to switch up br
it is now my holy grail
it def helps with hydration throughout the night.
after using it for 2 days found myself rejecting my $315 la prairie radiance eye cream
this is the holy grail
la prairie got close
i also was the counter manager/cosmetics manger for la prairie
i am currently using sk-ii essential power eye cream because my friend strongly recommend it
i love sk-ii too
i am definitely going to get this eye treatment gel once i finished my sk-ii
so de puffs as well
holy grail for me!
i hate the price tag of this eye gel
je suis vraiment impressionnée par l-efficacité de ce produit
j'avais quelque doute parce que tous les produits que j'ai acheté pour diminuer les "puffy eyes" du matin n'ont jamais vraiment eu l'effet escompté
je dois dire que c'est impressionnant
il suffit d'attendre 20-30 minutes après l'application et le gonflement s'estompe
ce produit appaise les yeux gonflés et il hydrate vraiment bien
il pénètre très bien la peau.
this is an inverted container
ive tried a lot of eye creams
having tried 20-30 eye products (incl.
lots of hi-end br
i recently discovered that i am allergic to bismuth oxychloride which is used in many cosmetic products
i did not like the face serum or cream
i used another ap eye gel
amore pacific design team,
pair with the sk2 miracle water
dont like the feel of moisturizers bc they feel heavy
after two days of applying ap creme
eye serum the most
the only con is the packaging.
i love this creme.
better than la mer for half the price.
so great, better than la mer.
i used creme de la mer for a few months
i i use it mainly at night over my ptr pm serum
i zero'd in on dr
i love that it has nano-technology delivery system because the molecule is small enough to get to the epidermis
the creme is time-release
i also am using some other trial products by amore pacific
this serum works really well!
-ed on ahas or retinols
it's a korean green tea product
on days i want to wear makeup i either wear a bb cream or my becca aqua luminous foundation
this is the only serum product i've used.
best serum i have used to date.
hydrates your skin w/o feeling oily.
i recently bought the amore pacific moisture bound rejuvenation serum
this serum goes beautifully under makeup
i originally purchased the kate somerville total vitamin antioxidant serum
primarily due to the vitamin c
i live in canada
oily enough to compete with the alberta tars
sea buckthorn--which i mix myself--
excellent under the amore pacific moisturizer
to get this after experiencing the amore pacific $150 moisture set
7 oz as opposed to 1 oz like many other crazy expensive serums
this serum is lovely
ap makes great products.
i went to a skin care medi spa yesterday
i am on my second bottle (1.7 oz).
i also use other 4 products from amore pacific
spf products over this serum
the best serum i've tried!
they've created a perfect serum
night treatment serum for girls
i like this serum.
bought on a whim as i needed a new serum
i buy wholesale as i have x-dry skin all over
i do use the becca tm
i can see the difference in a high end serum!
they directed me to this serum
one of the best serum that i ever used.
i went to sephora recently to purchase a serum
one of the sales reps convinced me to try this serum
if you can afford spending $75+ on a serum
i would've made this my holy grail item
luxurious pre-moisturiser serum-texture: fluid-like
was using la mer
have found myself a new serum
while another is hydrolyzed bamboo leaf extract
i'd run out of their miracle worker serum
still cheaper than japanese 's products
my skin was very hyper-pigmented i tried the youth code serum for loreal
i did start using this serum after getting a european facial to first remove all of my blackheads
there's still some serum left
this serum works awesome!
i love this serum
my overall skin omg
along with the serum
the serum seems to be "roto-routering" my pores
my foundation or bb cream over
during the day time i use tart's smooth operator™ micronized clay finishing powder with pm20™
where i apply this serum
i love this pore refining solution correcting serum
wanted to try a bb cream
i put on the bb cream
i also use the laser focus serum
the clinique pore refining serum actually works!
i don't use it as a full face serum
previously i was using dr br
was introduced to the pore refining correcting serum
an oily t-zone
i just love this serum for my t-zone.
this serum is a miracle product for me.
i believed them until i tried this serum
then went to blue plasma
keep up the good work dr. perricone lol
since beginning daily ag treatments
this serum goes on smoothly
i started using the perricone regimen
i replace the pore thing with the 15 serum
5 day ugh i got a simple of this acyy glutathione
i am now a lifetime customer of perricone md products
this definately helps.r
i knew that glutathione was terrific orally
perricone managed to develop a topical cream with glutathione
y amazed at the results
i do recommend the cold plasma sub d by perricone
i've just bought my second jar of acyl-glutathione
since i started using the a-g
perricone's acyl-glutathione is the best product i have ever used
after faithful use of a few perricone products including the acyl-glutathione cream
which i use along with the acyl-glutathione
the vitamin c ester eye serum
fine lines on my cleavage
i also tried vaxin serum
last christmas invested in a clarrisonic face wash sytem
i then purchased dr
the cold plasma sytem including finishing moisturizer last 4 months
2 months ago i also bought acyl-glutathione
this is a great anti-aging serum.
which work grea lines
love this better than cold plasma.
night under my cp treatments
i love dr perricone's products.
acyl-glutathione has improved the elasticity
i love acyl-glutathione!
i apply acyl twice daily
acyl is pleasant to use
i am pairing the acyl with cold plasma face
i absolutely love this serum!
what can't this serum do?!
i swear by this serum
i truly love this serum
yes, the price tag on this serum is steep.
then the genius cream
this serum provides the foundation
ive been searching for the ultimate serum for about a year now
ive used la mer
oh my gosh this serum.
it comes out of the dropper like a milky creme
ter on warm bread
i just needed a good serum
i will never be without this serum
this serum was rec'd on youtube as a way to tighten
hi - well...i thought; what the hay!
i absolutely love this serum.
iam addicted to this product and brand.
this serum is awesome!
a sample of ptr anti aging face wash along with it
i pair this with the dr jart bb cream the gold one
murad time release retinol for a long time
while i am sold on the serum- my complexion is calm
might just edge out truth serum as my favorite serum
i love this serum--have tried many
i got the serum as a beauty insider bonus.
i tried the "truth serum" before this one
noticed that the vitamin c was just too much for my face
this serum is great for your face
have been pleased with the serum
omg this serum is awesome
will try their eye serum next.
will use no other serum
i tried this serum on a recommendation by a sephora employee
cannot use any products with retinol
ann in mission viejo
katie is now in san fran...miss her
originally tried serum in a trial size trio of algenist skin products
the serum has calmed my skin
i applied the algenist serum liberally to my face
it gives me close to the same results as retin a w/o the harsh chemicals
improved tha appearance of my skin.
this is my second bottle of the serum
have always used retin-a
this is the best serum i have ever used.
it's the only serum i want to use
ever since ive started using it i havnt had one pimple or blackhead
continue my search for my perfect serum
i expect my 45ml supply to last about 4 months.
i prefer the results to the results of my md exfoliant
i like this serum very much
my first time buying anykind of serum
f you add it up
i swear by this product
especially my t zone area
ive tried other creams but nothing compares!
i do use it sparingly, tho.
i live in central oregon
hs a better tone because of using this product
lift with this br
i should also mention that i use a nightly alpha-hydroxy peel nightly
this is my holy grail primer for my nose!
i currently use ole hendrickson producst
ing for women who are perimenopausal
i paid $90 for a 2 oz jar
i asl use the serum
you will have to use a serum
i received this as a 100 pt perk
heavy glass jar i h
5 oz size because it not only doesn't effect the powder i wear daily
claim loyalty to creme de la mer moisturizer
i ordered the 3 pc.
t doesn't clay up my powder in the am
& p.m., i suddenly noticed a difference.
am on my second bottle of the serum
using this along with the serum
i don't think i'll purchase the serum again
so the daytime dose of this wonderful creme hlps exfolioate
i also use the day spf 20
i already use a vitamin c serum to stay young looking so thank god i don't have any wrinkles sagging etc
along with the serum
either bb cream or just powder
otherwise, i have an oily t-zone.
otherwise it goes wonky with overactive oil gl
murad vitamin c for a few years
the old josie maran spf 40 moisturizier used to be my holy grail
t doesn't grease out my t-zone
perricone's photo plasma for my combination skin
i did slightly with the photo plasma
lancôme absolue premium bx day cream
the spf 20 is perfect for daily use in arizona
i layer it over my serum
les 100+ degree heat without a problem
i only need the serum now.
was using the lancome high resolution refill 3x spf 15
i am using the serum too
i went back and purchased a 2oz jar.
i prefer at least spf20
been using it for over 3mths
this balm def helps w/ the puffiness
gross eye gel for years
the pot lasts for ages
before using it, i was using roc eye cream.
i wear this over the power wrinkle serum
le my dry skin
here in the tn summer heat
it's become my absolute holy grail eye cream
i swear by all algenist products.
it is safe to use within the orbital bone- yay
the consultant "upsold" me to this cdn$80 cream
it is the first time i am using p.t.
a laura mercier brightening powder on the under eye area
today we both used it and holy moly!!
ed eye tightener for over 25 years
peter thomas roth instant firmx eye is wonderful.
i used it this a.m.
oil from under the eyes using witch hazel
best under-eye de-puffer i've tried.
this is a gr8 product
products for the eye with caffeine
use q-tip with a bit of moisturizer to erase the white residuals
put a tiny bit of lotion on a q-tip
i got this ptr instant firm eye treatment in the $38 birthday kit
a very small amount of bb cream
i want to try a moisturizer by pether thomas roth maybe for just the eye area also try other products
thank you, peter thomas roth!
dap on problem area
i wish ptr could reformulate
a new hg product for me.
i put it on my h
this little tube is the h
s-down best mattifying
i saw a you tuber recommend this highly
it's all bc of this product
my pores just dis-a-ppear
it stays matt all day
i've tried urban decay de slick
this is a hg product for me.
essentially the t-zone
love how smooth it makes my face feel after using the dermadoctor dd cream
if i could purchase gallon jugs of this product
then the clinique perfector on top
i am asian, and i use the invisible bright.
works very well in making my skin look less like a col
the pore refining serum
it's undetectable under makeup
on the t-zone as well
it really mattifies the oily ares
i apply it to my t-zone
i blend some light perfector
i like the matte coverage
where this perfecter product from clinique
t pore minimizer which is like $50 for 1 ounce
i love that its just argan oil goodness for my skin
ion since it is very thick
scrubbing my face lol
it's much thicker than the shu products
i pump it into my h
s rub between both h
then i go in with another cleanser + my foreo luna
i love the dry application
follow with the pure argan milk
its my new holy grail next i will try the exfoliator by josie maran
i also pair it with the josie maran argan oil after the shower
this is my holy grail item!
the emma hardie cleansing balm
the concept knid lf scared me at first because i have combination skin
while this is a lot more expensive than 6 oz of a drugstore br
i love all the argan oil products
have very dry skin bc i love the sun
the argon oil for a bit over a year
i also combine with a vitamin c moisterizer
it's a lot thicker than the mac cleanse off oil
the jm was so heavy
left a simi-matte finish
i wish the spf was higher
my skin usually can't h
besides protecting from uv rays
oily in the t-zone
i enjoyed benefit's triple performing facial emulsion spf 15 pa as a recent vib perk
for the gross peel-y areas
ing benefits over other moisturizers i have used
like sahara desert dry.
and i live in florida.
it is now december
i love the thickness
this product truly quenches
make sure i use lighter h
i abso luff it.
(otherwise i would hv given 5 stars)
expensive ones such as 4 different la roche posay
i hate having to dip my h
do a peel or aha treatment
i don't feel like this is greasy per se
3 oz got it in the first class flirts
i added t to my skin care regimen to introduce more moisture to my driest areas
i will be buying this when my la mer runs out.
my skin in combo
i live in canada
plus the price point for such a small tube is a little cray cray
unlike tarte maracuja eye treatment
usually deal with r
om break outs when i use a moisturizer
in cahoots with verso eye serum
i just bought the whole bottle online incase the allergy returns
i recommend using the ooh la la
i believe it's the caffeine added that helps with the dark circles
i normally go roughly 38 hrs of studying in the lib
il illumine très bien la zone des cernes tout en camouflant un peu mais de façon naturel
from clinique to chanel to la mer
good for winter in upstate ny.
sinks in well and doesn't pill.
very recommended for h
but, it's in a aluminum type tube.
it's in a metal tube
i am taking accutane right now
healthy when i use this serum
this is my hg serum
it does an excellent job as a skin serum
ed almost all of the product
i believe it's helped with the appearance of the sebaceous hyperplasia as well
i am a bit of a skincare gadfly
like other products with "glycol" in title
was looking a little bla
i received this as a 100 pt perk.
it is now june
the cyto cell face cream
wth the cytocell i use bliss the youth eye cream during the day
often forget to take my rx iron
i like the whole kit
i may have found it w/ kate
sunday riley- luna oil
i can feel it soothe ny skin and de puff my eyes.
à la première application mon cache-cerne roulait qu
je me maquillait mais après avoir bien nettoyé ma peau et exfolié légèrement le contour de mes yeux
la crème à super bien adhérer
ne fait pas des miracles mais somme toute c'est un bon produit
il vaudrait encore plus la peine d'être acheté s'il était 30$
this product plus the boscia b.b.
: my only complaint: retinyl palmitate is a vitamin a ingredient
that could be placebo
i can't afford the $100+ creams unless it's a sample
has retin a in it
retin a is a slow to show up vitamin
i believe i've purchased 5 tubes of this eye cream
le the retinyl palmitate in it
i still use a separate vitamin k product for that
i like that its in a tube
i swear this is better than clinique
the ren glycolic lactic acid mask
ren as a whole has amazing products.
i prefer this over my de bar
ren change the packaging!
10x better than the origins ginseng exfoliator.
lactic acid work for a little while longer
omg this stuff rocks
works well when combined with a resurfacing serum
i i have normal skin
paired at night with wild rose + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
i now use ren clearcalm 3 cream
1st like dove it's dermatologist recommended which
the micro cleanser is medium granule- i use it every day as well as the radiance
i've used other micro polishers
except for the last two nights i was away i tried a sample of bare minerals cellular renewal serum
it's a great first step before applying ren's glycol mask or the aha serum
i didn't get the foaming part
this despot serum really worked!!!
i love the philosophy micrbrasion scrub that comes with a vitamin c activator
then the radiance serum
i got the small bottle coz of the beauty insider pt freebie
i like the little beads
i love ren products natural profile
this is a nice foamy product that i use every other day in my daily face regiment with other ren products
t after i use it
it def cleanses well
i've used another ren face wash that i like
s to cleansers like velocity
1 ounces in the tube
i also love their glycol lactic peel mask.
i usually use the $55 glyco lactic mask
glycolic is ok to use while pregnant
use the ren radiance serum after
exfoliates gently bu effectively
yay for this product!
for total exfoliation i used the peel mask from ren too
i really like this serum.
i really like this serum
and it was all because of this serum.
will get diff reaction on each product
i used the ren aha resurfacing serum for over a year
this is my saving-grace serum.
this is my new favorite serum!
f exfoliating or micro derm is not part of a routine
love this serum though!
this serum is magic.
vitamin c is one of my favourite ingredients in skin care
also boosts the collagen.
the ole henriksen truth serum which are very good products
the ren radiance perfection serum really bring perfection to my skin
this serum in particular
better than ole henriksen's truth serum.
the aha concentrate serum comes with a dropper to disperse the product
i i have normal skin
paired at night with wild rose + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
this is a great serum
caudalie's serum gave me vampire radiance
i love ren products
have been using this product for 4 weeks now in conjunction with the ren glycol lactic radiance mask
i switched from ptr vitamin c serum to radiance.
in combination with other ren products
was using ole hendrikson's vitamin c serum
this serum is a hidden treasure!
ed my skin's improvement to the aha concentrate
i am also using retin-a
the serum is really thin
i used it after my ren glyco peel thinking 'alright might as well give it a go'
i used it immediately after i did the glyco peel
because i am a diehard ren glyco peel fan
only downside: price (as with all ren products).
this is an excellent serum.
like every serum i suppose
i used it along with retinoid serum at night.
as if im putting a good dose of vtamin c right on me
i recently started using ren and love this serum.
absolutely love ren serum.
i got hooked on ren products from a sample of their glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
i am using skyn's serum now
i tried this serum because i'd been using caudalie's vinoperfect radiance serum for about a year
i love this serum.
i wanted to add a serum to my skin regime
when i first started using this serum
this serum is great.
follow at night with my la mer creme
in am, i follow serum with ren hydra-calm day.
i am la mer devotee
my discovery of ren was a total fluke.
only the ipl cleared it
the ren rep was n the store
use serum am & pm, everyday.
this serum has made my face baby soft
i decided to try this serum
this serum gets my first ever review
i put the osmotic infusion cream over it.
all due to the layers of hd
i switched to the shiseido eye spf 34.
ter for your eyelids
the vitamin c is terrific!
the whole vitamin c line is just wonderful.
won't waste the spf
i like that it has vit c and spf.
a great plus is the spf
especially those in the truth vitamin c line
i love this eye crème
since using ole henriksen total truth eye creme in conjunction with ole henriksen fresh start eye creme
try the newest eye creme
my total eye care regimen al
total truth vitamin c eye creme spf 15 does not clog the pores
how am i supposed to protect my undereyes from uv?
i needed an anti-aging eye creme with spf
(i use other ole h's.
i applied this eye creme
i plan to purchase the total truth eye creme asap
i just started using this eye creme
continue to use my clinique repairwear on top of my orbital bone
i've tried a lot of natural br
plus, i love that is has spf!
can't speak for the anit-aging
this eye cream is jam packed omega 3
i like that this murad product doe not contain parabens which i avoid
contains some killer firming peptides/ingredients
all of perricone md line is pricey.
the entire plasma collection
this one is sulfate free
to lather up in my h
decided to pair it with fab ultra repair cream
i followed it with the fab cream
i used the acai berry for a while
any other hypo-allergenic facewash
i normally user dr
i also bought dr
have been using for 6 mos
i originally got a sample bc i had some very fine wrinkles on my undereye area
i hate gels bc they feel sticky
i now mix it with my retin-a
i can't do retinol.
this is my holy grail eye cream!
my dark cricles diminished ina.
previously i tried roc retinol complexion eye cream
clinique anti-gravity firming eye lift cream
5th in nyc to purchase l'ancome eye cream
a sephora consultant introduced me to the perricone md eye cream---
works better then the $85 cream i was using by amore
that is true of all of the perricone md products
other days just a bb cream over it
also at night with a serum
parabens or other eeek-inducing additives
layer with an oil/serum
i've tried them all from la mer to fresh
i reviewed perricone md cleaner
i recently started using josie maran argan oil underneath
good in combo with cold plasma
highly recommend all dr
perricone md is my favorite skin care.
yet another perfect product by dr. perricone!
i've a combination skin with oily t-zone.
i find that my sensitive skin can't h
much better than the ren moisturizer i was using previously
i do this after i use the brazilian peel
an oilier t-zone
at the suggestion of a dr
perricone that included olive polyphenols that made a high difference
the cost is almost twice as much as ple henrickson
it is 2 fl oz as opposed to 1
i like it so much i just bought the peptide complex
if you like dr
searching for the perfect moisturizer for this bi-polar skin of mine
i am so happy i found this potion of youth =d
was in search of mega gentle yet effective moisturizer for my 50yo
i will definitely be ordering its serum
i can't wait til i can switch to ptr cc cream
prior to using this product i was using dr murads age spot n lightening serum
i would say i've seen a bigger difference using the peter thomas roth product
i've used the clinique anti-spot serum before
however, the ptr serum really does work.
this is the best non prescription corrector i've tried
then the aha/bha acne gel
i also use ptr's ultra lite spf 30 sunblock after the de-spot
then i will use ptr's retinol fusion pm
it works really well with my african american skin
i am very pale(irish).
i started using dr
dennis gross extra strength peel a week ago along with this product
i also use peter thomas roth sunscreen as well
i tried other spot removers from drug store br
i call this product my little eraser.
pigment lightening serum works great too
reason being im on the murad acne system
i feel this peter thomas roth product works faster
i started using the de- spot
i think it's the caffeine
i am currently on accutane so my skin is super dry
i estimated i will get 8-9 use out of a 5ml jar.
as hot as i can h
i reserve this for christmas
awkward in your h
after i removed my eye makeup w coconut oil
i i washed my face w tiny bit of this product
i dipped a washcloth into h
my skin is hypersensitive to selective ingredients
a half pea size dollop around the eye area after my cleaner is like mr
so many face washes-la mer
f you naturally have oily skin
i would recommend this to ppl that have dry skin.
this balm is soo expensive
clindamycin or minocycline at any given time
i rinsed it off w/my clarisonic- big mistake
i also wear eyelash extensions continually
then splurged on the eye cream which al
luxurious o the skin…just like the other eye creams i've used in this br
finally a combo that works for my combo skin
got a sample size free in the kit with the retinol serum
s + proper cleansing
btw, clinique cleansing bar??
paraben free is a plus.
i didn't want to have to run the 24hr pharmacy for a drug store br
the 4 oz tube last well over 6 months i’m on my second tube
shiseido as well as many shoppers drug mart br
i can use this with my mia clairsonic.
i just switched skin care lines to the algenist br
is oily in the t-zone
i also use dr perricone nutritive cleanser every now
tightened pores etc etc etc
bought this as part of a starter set b/c i wanted to try the algenist wrinkle serum
preps your skin for algenist serum perfectly...
t lasts for a while
i've used the serum before
i started using this lotion in oct 2014
i first purchased this product after reading a review to add it to a harsh night hydroxy cream
this serum is great
works the tiny little ines
i am 27, with combination skin.
combination skin because it contains anti-oxidants
f you have sensitive
my taste toward certain br
i recently purchased this lotion with targeted age serum
i now alternate with this cream, and la mer.
overnight cream known to womankind
i got a sample of l"occitabe divine cream
this is in my holy grail products
i am 9 years post-accutane
i am fair-skinned
i rotate the regen anti-age moisturizer
i am 27 with combination/normal skin
that is until i gor a sample of algenist overnight restorative cream
i've also been using the serum
having used la mer for years
i got a 1 oz sample of this cream back in september
i just got a sample of the algenist concentrated reconstructing serum
i put it on over my serum
i think its the vitamin c in the cream that does this
plus i want to get the serum
i really like it, especially with the serum.
feel of my ren night cream
to prepare i have been using dr dennis gross alpha beta daily peel in combination with this product
i pair it with the treatment enzyme peel
i make sure to use this with the amore pacific enzyme peel
i tried coconut oil
i am normal with t-zone issues.
they gave me sample of amore pacific moisture bound sleeping recovery masque
use this with my serum at night
i adore korean products
thank you amore pacific!
dior one essential masque
t ha time to absorb
this mask is a steal comparing to the moisturizer from ap
the feeling is long lating
i give all the credit to this magic in a tube
maybe slightly citrus-y?
living in the in the mountains in canada
this mask is ahhh-mazing!
especially since i live in so cal
i put on this after my amore pacific serum
i am in love with this masque
its more like a milky serum
i usually use la mer
i love clinique products already
with an oily t zone
serum which i thought i would like
my aging body dem
i live in boston
i love this product during the canadian winters.
i love clinique in general
controlling my oilier t zone
somewhat oily t-zone
baby soft skin i tell ya!
normal to oily t zone
i used the jar
it can't hold a c
avery good product to use.
i hear korean models swear by this stuff.
this is my favorite clinique product.
it's not available in manila
im dealing with a bit opf dryness
def, will continue using it.
it contain mineral oil
some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide
i don't like mineral oil
05 oz sample of this serum
the serum felt thick
just used this serum
i'd really like to continue using this serum
ms picky who can't-st
if you loved lancome's aqua fusion
i've tried other micellar waters
i love micellar waters
you do have to work/rub/use more product to remove stubborn eye makeup like the marc jacobs eyeliners that are made for 24 hr wear
first micellar water i've tried.
the cheap store br
i love that it is sulfate
i am use to using the drug store br
13.5 oz for $20 - yes please!
my daily dark spot corrector
will cont to use it
this eye cream has become my holy grail product.
i would hight recommend it.
this is my holy grail eye cream.
i think the ginseng really does energize my skin
especially paired with my clarisonic mia
when i get those r
it lathers so well with the mia
follow up with my dr
i've used this with the original skin serum
i love using it with my luna.
an oily t zone
this is my holy grail
fyi i have oily combo skin.
use this with my clarisonic mia
ard bottle lasts me at least 4-6 months
foams i love it
im a extremely oily person
om pimple pops up
ginseng moisturizer both from origins
i think i can get a good 2-3 months use out of the 5 oz bottle
typically paired with my luna
it works good with foreo luna.
when i breakout due to pms
however i use it after i apply my farsali elixir
this product is way better than the mario bedescu
better than the mario badescu in my opinion.
i dab this one with a q tip over top
that's the salicylic acid doing its job
after that the skin is perfect for makeup or just going to bed ^
^ it also may be a little bottle
i tried vitamin c for a year
it's almost like a liquid b
but this product iis really great.
colorado is very dry
that was the salicylic acid
i love origins products
i'll always keep a bottle of this on h
i usually just have r
the kate somerville spot treatment
i am a vip rogue
this stuff is my holy grail.
i can't speak to anti-aging
f you have flakes
i love origins br
i love the thickness
with the origins dr weil anti aging serum
tery skin in the a
this was recommended by maria
esp in the summer
living in arizona i must have spf in my daily
mix a tiny bit with boscia's bb cream for daytime use
i live in florida
it's the best serum i've ever used
i also use may coop raw sauce before i use this though
this is the best serum i have ever used.
it wasn't like any other serum i have tried
this is a great, everyday serum.
this serum works wonderfully
this serum made it disappear
rew weil for origins® mega-bright skin tone correcting serum until i ran out recently
i don't know if it is the texture of the serum or the white tea or the bosweilla
it is my firs step after i cleanse
i live at high altitude
this serum is a preventative treatment.
i love how origins is paraben free and natural.
this one is my holy grail
i love the night-a-mins because it promotes elasticity
either a vitamin c or retinol
got this cream in the x mas origins value set
used with the ole henrikson vitamin c serum
even without the serum
i live in canada
dk how it is for under eyes
oily around my t zone
using my serum after my clarisonic
i used a bobbi brown moisturizer while i waited for another jar of origins to ship
my lactic acid pads
ter into warm bread
i loved the thickness
dewey when i use this
i love the thickness of it for night use
even when using daily spf
f you like that
f you have combo/oily skin
i also love the antioxidant-rich aspect to fight environmental damage
my og origins product is the checks
but within a yr i went from oily to super dry.
i went on accutane
it even takes off kat von d's waterproof tattoo liner
ofc after u clean ur face
ur face is goin to feel dry
i dont breakout from this product
i like that this is in a tube
love the added benefit of the antioxidant protection
living in the very-dehydrating az desert
i love the antioxidants
i def have noticed a different.
ts hasnt comoletely transformed my skin or aanything
blackhead strips do not compare to this amazon mask
follow up with my korres vitamin c rose oil
i got 10 uses out of the 1.7 oz bottle!
i enjoy other masks
aide au contrôle des points noirs
mais ne résout pas entièrement le problème
laisse une sensation de fraicheur.
doit être utilisé de manière ciblé sur une peau mixte
or use an aha or bha product to dissolve the dirt after using the mask
i am cursed with sebaceous filaments all over my t-zone
it's my holy grail.
does de-pouf quite well
i didn't like that the white tea products felt like silicon based primers
i've tried clinique even better eyes riche
i notice a difference in my drake circles
steroid cream was the solution.
t is def worth the money
sleep is the only remedy hahaha
move tried la mer
i just moved to northern canada
i go this because i couldn't use the ginzing one since i am sensitive to camomile
i wear contact lenses
i used african black soap made my skin much worse
o....m.....g...... i love this stuff.
i love the origins br
i luv ole henrikson grapefruit red tea foaming cleanser as well as josie maran argan cleanser
it foams very well n excellent with clarisonic.
def recommend this product!
has pegs, but no parabens and phtalates.
i also love that it is free of sulfates
i completely forgot my "no zit sherlock" cleanser
didn't contain salicylic acid
i didn't find that it "quenched my skins thirst"
irish moor mud mask
i love origins products
i like this mask.
i apply that on my t-zone.
i like origins' other masks
holy grail, for sure.
canadian winters play havoc on my skin.
i tend towards clay
my skin is super reactive
i followed it up with the origins mega-mushroom skin relief serum
moisturizes my t-zone
i love origins products
def something to keep around.
i found this through online beauty bbs.
love this and the serum
origins mask i use 2-3x a week
after a mont of using this
f this product is bad
i just apply to my t-zone
i would def recommend this.
wit this ythis origins line
my holy grail products
t s very difficult for me to find the holy grail
matte for maybe 5+ hours
i love origins products!
so after being totally dehydrated by kate somerville anti bac lotion
loving the mario badescu healing
i wanted to try a mask with sulfur
my go to, holy grail for all skin issues.
iv used this about 10x
balance face wash from this br
i've even tried the kate somerville eradikate treatment
it feels like when you have a ginger c
y in your mouth
vitamin c in it
this contains zinc oxide
think mario badescu drying lotion
probably because of the sulfur
my clarisonic they are my holy grail skin products
i got 2-3 uses out of the $5 pod
i like this mask.
though its a 10min mask
i like this one because its quick (10 min.)
this mask is designed to de-oilify
that's almost half the amount of the $39 drink h2o moisturizer from tarte --
boscia - please change to a regular jar or tube!
my skin used to be combo
great for los angeles nearly year-round
i doubt there's actually 1 oz.
also very happy that there is vitamin c in it!
i generally have an oily t zone
i love the dispenser too.
especially in the t-zone
it is perfect for my oily t zone
use this on my t-zone
that is what my nightly serum is for
100 percent u will ^_^ my face is glowing
i prefer all-natural br
between the mask try the ren face wash i have super sensitive skin
for $38 you get 1 ounce.
oily in my t-zone
the oily-ness in my t-zone has reduced dramatically
he is part african american so we have to be sure to use products with glycolic acid
i love origins plantscription anti-aging eye treatment
prefer peter thomas roth for under eye products
i love the way this helps de-puff my eyes
i ordered this after ordering the origins gingzing eye cream
after having used ptr mega rich eye cream for years
it de-lines and de-puffs magically.
thankfully good genes help
i am considering trying its companion serum
i love origins products
peter thomas roth facial pads religiously over the years
kudos to jb for yet another perfect product
this serum is quite liquidy
i will always use a serum from now on.
in the morning i use repairware lazer serum as it's really lightweight
at night i use a stronger retinol product
this serum definitely st
go through a ton of this serum
e my totally clear skin to
used this serum twice a day
glycolic acid + retinol treatment by ptroth every pm
have used lots of br
have them bc i used to work at a counter
i absolutely love this serum.
since i have started using this serum
i needed to replace a vitamin c skin booster that was discontinued
it is an oil-free serum
i will stick to my clinique repairwear serum instead
this serum is light weight
this serum is wonderful
the overall effects of this serum is more subtle
i live in chicago
my youthful appearance--yay
this is an incrediable serum
i like this serum.
i tried this after years of using clinique dramatically diff gel moisturizer
my new holy grail
with the skin cell turnover
e my totally clear skin to
my skin was so dry after moving to nevada from michigan this winter
living in alaska where it's frequently below 0*
im totally going to r stock on this
i try other br
papery mask in october
it's like a dee on my face
i live in colorado which has very low humidity
my dry patches were complitely gone after juste 2 utilisations
love it i have super oily skin bt also have extreme dry spots all around my face
om dry/flaky patches
i am currently on retin-a
i live in colorado where it's dry
the only con i have
drinking lots of water etc
a heavier dose at night
i live in colorado
this serum absolutely works!
this serum is great for that.
my aesthetician recommended i begin using hyluronic acid/serum
i really like this serum
i've used many hylaronic serums before from kate sommerville quench to amore pacific hydrating serum
i decided to add a hyaluronic serum to my regimen
apply one pump of serum
u can c results right of way
this serum really does work
my skin care routine was missing a serum (duh!)
was about to purchase the murad pigment lightening serum
i went in with my empty bottle of este lauder serum
i utilize this serum twice daily on my forehead
the serum is well worth its weight in platinum!
when we are hit with california's typical santa ana winds
i put shiseido's face cream on top of this serum
unless i opt for botox
this serum does as it claims.
dr. perricone's serum has made a big difference.
i received this serum as part of the power house kit
i applied the serum to just one of my eyelid as directed
i am part-asian
this is my second bottle of this serum
with retinol for the orbital area
because of this product i have converted to other perricone md treatments
to put the serum on my brow bone
thi produc is great.
hi have been using the advancve eye therapy for a while
my mother bought the acyl glutathione eye
i used the acyl g
a few minutes later i layer with my serums
i got a sample of the perricone eye lid serum @ sephora to try before i invested the $115
this is my second bottle of acyl-gluthathione eye lid serum
keep in mind i have not tried la mer or other really expensive eye products
this serum really helps abolish them
nice light eye serum.recommend highly
this serum reverses time
just like merlin could
this serum actually reversed the growth of skin tags
my eye area looks incredible w/o makeup
acyl-eye is giving me great results!
perricone has another winner with acyl eye lid serum
when i first used the acyl glutathione eye serum
follow with perricone md neuropeptide eye coutour treatment
acyl-glutathione face has changed the texture of my skin
i would love acyl-glutathione for the lips!
what a fabulous eye serum!!
the acyl eye is not only light
i love the acyl face i am
n love with this eye treatment
i needed a new face serum.
i've used ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster
t's do not age transforming pearl serum
moisturizes skin so foundation or bb or cc cream doesn't make my face all dry
i tried the oil version of this serum
i tried this serum
that being said, this is a serum.
like alpha beta peel
then follow up with this serum
this is a great serum
i can place this anti aging serum everywhere
even in florida summer makeup doesn't melt when layered over this serum
since i started using the kate somervile serum my skin has felt softer
this serum has great consistency
this serum seemed to be perfect
i love this serum!
this is called a serum
it also has all the peptides that i need for my aging skin
i actually just use this serum
although it is a serum
this serum is fantastic.
i first received kate somerville quench face serum as a sample
i really like this serum.
i like the original quench
the guy recommended this serum
the somerville serum has the same positive effects in mu opinion
i think this is h
this is the holy grail!
then i moisturize with the "clinique dramatically diff
i also recommend drinking 3l to a gallon of water a day
i think the combination of the glycolic acid
i wash with my son's johnson
johnson body wash at night because it's so gentle
not to mention the vitamin c in it to help with brightening
i like the pump
i hate the phrase "holy grail" product
i also pair it with the toner from the same br
both are my holy grail
i opted for one by peter thomas roth.
for people with light/r
om breakouts this is a great product
not a holy grail product
7 oz in a travel set
rub together with h
fastest results ive seen from a moisturizer
if you need hydration, use a serum or oil before.
i wouldn't recommend the firming
much in part due to their retinol firming
wear it under dior pore minimizer
use it along with the serum
i also use caudalie premiere riche
i put on my serum
i will try blue plasma next!
i got this as a 100pt perk
i got the 100 pt perk jar of this
i got two of these as a 100 pt perk
greasy because i live in florida
probably because it contains retinol
perricone ete lid firming product
along with ole henriksen truth serum
go on a retinol binge
t's retinol overnight resurfacing serum
i've tried everything from sk-ii to chanel to mid-range lines to clinique
then added their serum for face
i also lost 10 lbs
i am using algenist firming
serum texture that didn't make my skin oiler that it already is
oily in t-zone
by the time i was to the bottom of the .5 oz.
switched from perricone's acyl eye to this
ok i'm not sure what is working because i'm using this plus verso super eye serum
i used caudalie premier cru eye cream the past several years
alpha hydroxy acids on my cheeks
10 min later i see a difference
i di had using the product for 2 months.
i like the gel
because of the facial serum
i love this under eye gel.
apparently this product line works on elastin.
another serum an the other eye
i've tried nearly every eye serum
i would suggest to the reviewer in ga that her chin break-out might just be hormones/menopause
i switched over to the greek yogurt for the winter
from drugstore to expensive br
i ended up ordering a re-supply direct from greece
when i moved to dallas
the santa ana winds normally parch my face
its the perfect yin to my primer's yang
this helps balance the ph in my skin
the greek yoghurt formula
ts hard to find a moisturizer that can tackle both issues
i already use the greek yoghurt night facial
my bb cream is a bit dry
which happens w certain cremes
i warm it up in my h
the spf 25 is a plus!
i cannot live without this cream!
om dry patches all over
i live in florida
a light layer of belief aqua bomb
it's similar to rosa arctica from kiehl's.
very few otc moisturizers available on the market that contains the proper ratio of cholesterol
this serum did wonders
knew when i started using the korea brightening treatment
vit c brightening oil morning
i still use that in my nightly regimen- a few drops mixed into a serum
it ha a really thin consistency
this is soo soft
i can never use the dramatically dif moisturizing lotion bec it would break me out
i def found this to be my night cream for good
so now i use it as a h
also using the 24 hr moisturizer
so i loved the yogurt versions of this.
i tried aqua bomb
these two packed a power punch of vitamin c my skin needed
i previously used the murad brightening serum
this is my hg night cream
vitamin c have proven to be good products for my dry
but please please bring back the jar 5.1 oz.
on the other h
then add water to my h
ren usually uses synthetic palm oil
of course ren doesn't put petrolatum in any products
the gal talks me out of the clinique balm
for ages i used the cult classic emma hardie cleansing balm
tired of having it shipped from the uk
next i wet my h
shows it isn't loaded with preservatives
this balm is my hg.
u put it on dry skins
then use my mia 2 for a minute before rinsing
i love that a muslin cloth is included
money putting my serum
we don't have sephora in juneau ak
i do like the other ren products.
je l'utilise avec le clarisonic et c'est une super combinaison
ce produit sent terriblement bon
la rose mais pas de façon trop prononcée
et je sens ma peau propre
massage in cricles for 30-60 sec then i splash a little warm water
tried this at the sephora vib rouge event
s as a pretreatment before the h
i first tried the argan oil facewash
using the balm on your h
it's a great product to have on h
rinse well w water
i follow it up with rose o12 serum
just know it's efficacy is a bit variable when it comes to mascara
i’m generally a huge fan of ren products.
after reading a ton of reviews on the ren cleansing balm
i love all ren products
along with a couple of de
other ks products has become a staple in my daily routine
then apply the framboos serum
i first discovered this spray at the ks salon near me
it's a great product with a lot of other ks products
had a "facial treatment" from the kate somerville rep
like peter thomas roth products
then apply the kate summerville vitamin serum
i started in january
i combine this with ren's max moisture
as are all kate somerville products
i didn't like the delivery system at lst
this is the product i would want if i was str
decided to splurge on this serum
is my first kate somerville product
i am a skincare nut case.
then i started researching about peptides.
tjose peptides have to be in such a concentration
under my caudalie premier cru
nothing sits on ky lines
semi-runny serum texture
think this serum is amazing
retinol instead of retinyl palmitate
this serum is serious.
not peter thomas roth
ptr un-wrinkle turbo face serum is a great product
after my ptr unwrinkle pads
a-m-a-n-z-i-n-g!
if you've ever used vitamin e oil
from la mer to sisley to la prairie
ter on your skin
goes well under my bb cream.
i am "de-aging" now.
perricone products are the st
with a t-zone that is oily
the creme is lightweight
i love the truth serum
pair this with the serum
once i washed my h
i normally don't like super thick cremes
the vitamin c benefits in it make my natural skin glow
i also use the truth serum under this
like my t- zone
i apply this over the truth serum
the constant changing temps
i love this cream for the quick absorption
with the eye creme
maybe if paired with a vitamin c serum it could
fell in love with the vitamin c serum because it didn't clog
s down miles better that the vitamin plus or sheer transformation
now i am using "truth serum collagen booster"
"pure truth youth activating oil"
"total truth eye creme"
i like that this product goes on under my bb cream
pure truth youth activating oil
ah words cannot descibe
used with the serum
i started using it because of the vitamin c content
i also use the truth serum.
which right now al
ncludes the truth serum
use with the serum for best results.
along with the truth serum
and the vitamin c doesn't hurt either.
my skin has always responded well to vitamin c
i received a sample of this creme in one of my 500 pt
s down my holy grail
i'd hv patchy dry spots
i just started using this crème
i also use the eye crème
it smells like vitamin c
it is one of only two eye crèmes ive seen that has spf in in
and the serum is the bomb.
i put it on my temples with a q-tip
i also mix in with my h
blackhead-prone t-zone for years
this serum doesn't completely control shine
i think using a br
clinique clinical spot treatment
rather than your typical silicone-like serum
the peter thomas roth purifying wash
the serum truly made a difference
though i love my yonka serum
living in los angeles has really made my skin incredibly oily so this serum has definitely helped control that problem
i do not need to reapply my bb cream
also controlled my oily t-zones
works well with my bb cream
i just use this serum
this serum works for me
i love koh gen do brand!
since i started using koh gen do products my skin has improved
of this as a free welcome gift with purchase from koh gen do
it's mostly the h
f you wash your h
this is your holy grail
definitely invest in the koh gen do whipping net
n order to get the full effect of this wash you need to use it with the koh gen do whipping net
this is my hg face wash.
this is my 2nd or 3rd bottle.
i might just end up getting the dna serum instead of this next time
i initially bought the creme as i have dry-combination skin
14oz it is very easy to glide around ur eyes leaving ur eyes feeling very refreshed
my fave part is that it gives u that minty herbal cooling sensation wo burning ur eyes
especially in the heat of a south texas summer!
i got this for the de-puffing
this de puffer he has used over
as sono as they put this eye balm on me
i feel the menthol sensation & use serum after .
it contains peptides for dark circles
the boscia super cool de-puffing eye balm was recommended by a sephora associate
i love this de puffing eye balm
i put 5 caus e it 1 of my favourite br
but i dont think it de-puffs.
fine lines after my clinique
reasonably priced de-puffing under eye cream/gel/roller
excellent choice for h
wors the way u read on the bottle
m working deep nights 7p-7a
a la allergic reaction size
lots of breakouts from another br
the smell reminded me of the cream my gr
i tried to switch to some drug store br
used to use korres then argan oil
i live in colorado
a few years ago i over used 30% professional glyco-lac peel
i got this eye creme
then i used omo cream which calms my skin
i also use with omorovicza queen of hungary mist.
purchasing my 3rd bottle.
the radiance renewal serum
it also has a lot of hungarian thermal water
just fyi, silica is most definitely not silicone.
i think $145 for only 15ml is a little extravagant
5 fl oz runs out
i am currently using this with the queen of hungary mist
1-2x/week it is my skin 'detox'.
ter it is very fluffy
another ingreident in this yeast extract
that helps stimulate cell metabolism
the first ingrident in there products is hungarian thermal water
has all kinds of minerals because the earths crust is thinner is hungria i think this br
t doesn't strip the skin
i started with the thermal balm
s this range as it is comparable to lm
this is a holy grail face oil!
a potent antioxidant naturally gives the product its pretty blue color
t contains their patented brightener
it isn't as potent as the serum
i needed a lotion that's light w an spf
eb serum for 1 year
i add philosophy's vitamin c powder to it which makes my face glow
under too faced bb cream
it over good genes
it lacks the italian spice smell i've come to associate sunday riley with
i combine this with biossance squaline+ vit c oil
right now i haven't been able to use luna or good genes
i pair this with the kate somerville dermaquench retinol lift at night
lovely over good genes
i love sunday riley products
just either over or under ceo
on top of good genes
bought the 0.5 oz bottle.
jose marion argon oil
i mix it with elta md spf 40 sunscreen
i feel like i'm rubbing italian dressing on my face
this would be perfect for anyone on accutane or using retin-a
i apply my nighttime serum
i already own the luna oil
e to accutane back in the day
i've tried luna oil from the same br
the luna treatment oil does more for my skin
i own multiple oils b/c of my dry skin
the best product in the sunday riley line imo
ive never used sunday riley's skin care line before
i started with the luna
so much different if compared to luna or ufo
i like the luna better
the luna for 3 months
compared to flora, i like this oil better.
com blog about these sunday riley face oils
i mix two drops with a pea-sized amount of benzoyl peroxide
one pump of hyaluronic acid serum
i actually prefer this over good genes.
this serum is amazing!!!
i can honestly say the ingredients that protect from uv rays really work
ole henriksen oils for some time now
on the other h
goes after free radicals
ps i have super sensitive skin
good genes for about a month
josie maran spf face cream
however du to using too much medication my face is bleached out
definitely a holy grail product for me!
it's my favorite of the sr oils
of all the oils sunday riley offers
due to its blend of oils containing omegas 3
my skin is normaly oily
sr products are top notch.
grapeseed oil + grapefruit
).i like this oil.
juno is my holy grail product.
i mix it daily with the cashmere spf
this product is a great introduction to the sunday riley line
sunday riley is the most effective products for sure
none of them as good as sr.
good gene is the bomb.
sephora just small sample of good gene make me bought sr the whole line that i spent almost $1000
ing in the winter
the luna face oil at night
i typically layer laura mercier's radiance primer over it
i normally use a great camomile based oil by the br
i find sunday riley the most effective
this oil is much thicker than luna
this is the 3rd sr product i've tried
the others are luna
any good serum product is worth its weight in gold
this oil has a really good blend of beneficial anti-oxidant ingredients
i like rodial stem cell superfood facial oil better
i am a huge fan of sr.
her juno oil is perfect pair to the good genes
i mix it in at night with the good genes product
i do keep two other serums on h
i will definitely keep this serum in my rotation.
until i discovered ladi avokanto by sponge
left my skin soo soft
the reason i switched to sponge ladi avokanto is because of the price
i mix it with the good genes creme
alternate with the bionic creme
juno is the only oil i trust
this is my hg of face oils.
i love the natural ingredients in sunday riley's products
was given a topical steroid etc
i tried a glycolic acid combo
5 oz luna sleeping oil which is an awesome combo
the oil contains retinoids.
im not sure if its the addition of the luna oil thats helping the hyperpigmentation most
i absolutely adore this serum.
this serum has the perfect consistency
layer on hourglass' mineral primer spf 15
i love the formulation
first started purchasing sr products from barneys
this serum is lightweight
i cannot live without good genes now
luna were my introduction to sunday riley
om blemishes in a very long time
use with the luna oil
the combo of good genes
i will forever by good genes.
i follow up with algenist pressed serum
i also use it in conjunction with martian toner
luna oil have given me beautiful skin
but this is amazing, i use it as a night serum.
alternate it with ren's glycol lactic mask
i tried the good genes + luna night oil set
i didn't see results from luna
i continue to use good genes
came back to it after learning more about lactic acid
the ceo rapid flash serum
definitely not as pleasant as the ceo serum
i wish sr would take it out of this product.
dennis gross pads to pixie glow
especially with "natural" br
i've added the tidal water creme in recently
it takes 2 bottles of this plus the luna oil to work
this is holy grail status
can get the luna
i recently added luna
t might amp up its abiities
soon after using good genes
i started with good genes
faster results than acids
good genes changed my skin.
i am 50, extremely oily w large pores.
now that my skin is use to the lactic acid
at night i layer this gg serum over the de marula oil
good genes is amazing
luna has blue tansy in it
which is also a hg product for me
apply a few drops of luna
if you don't use luna
the $85 luna/good genes value set is a great deal
gg is an amazing product
anything with lactic acid i love
good genes is an amazing leave on lactic acid treatment that leaves your skin glowing
like to use good genes in the am
need another bottle asap!
some dermatologists say it's a form of d
i love good genes
in november i came across a glowing review of good genes
sunday riley has got me for life with this serum.
as a longtime vib rouge customer
no one does skincare like sunday riley
sunday riley is above
and good genes is the holiest of my holy grails.
this is literally a miracle serum.
holy moly does good genes work
i ended up buying the mini kit with the luna oil
i tried the drunk elephant tlc serum with minimal results
living in vegas where it is super dry
also using the ufo oil
i love it in combination with the luna oil.
wow i always use mario products bc they r light weight n easy on my skin
holy grail for me.
i tried it with the good genes and wow, the glow.
sunday riley ceramic slip clay cleanser
another holy grail product
i love all the sunday riley products.
after using this, i tone and use my u.f.o.
i guess from all of the clay ingredients
idk if sensitive skin can h
sunday riley ceramic slip clay cleanser came inside my play by sephora as a complimentary product to try
sometimes i use with tatcha rice enzyme powder
this product is my holy grail
this product has evened out my skin ph
i mix 2 parts cleanser with 1 part of sunday riley's good genes
finaly i decided to change my cleanser
my skin looks brighter with the vitamin c
sam at the west des moines store recommended this product to me
sunday riley is a cruelty-free
another reviewer suggested using ceramic slip in t
em with blue moon for combo skin
none of those prescription meds work for me
good genes from this br
also by sunday riley
i also use sunday riley moisturizer which i also love
this product has al
then wash with the sunday riley
this sr cleanser delivers
like all sr products
s it starts foaming a little
tidal creme from sunday riley
since using the sr clay cleanser
i recently tried this cleanser from a set of sunday riley products
i also use the good genes after
ceramic slip luna oil good genes = miracle!)
clinique is awesome for aging skin.
by the time you add the serum
is the only br
it is a much better replacement for the fab d/c anti-gravity cream
when clinique d/c their wonderful anti-gravity cream they replaced it with the terrible zero-gravity cream that felt more like a lotion filled with retinol
unless you like to burn your face w/retinol
ren retinoid oil was recommend at a sephora skin iq class i was in after
been using luna oil
although i follow it with the ren v-sense
i will switch them over to ren as well
while it says retinoid
do not worry about having the effects of a rx retinoid
it is nothing like a rx retinol
then i put about 4 drops of the ren retinoid oil on my face
i am in love with the bio retinoid anti-wrinkle oil
is an extracted oil known to contain a significant amount of vitamin a derivatives that are converted in the same metabolic process as retinoid
bio-retinoid since it is plant-based
i heard about this bio retinoids from ren thru online review
i do notice a smoother texture which is probably due to its anti-ox ingredients
this oil has zero retin-oid/ol/a at all
so the claim of "bio retinoid" is ridiculous
lines look less pronounced
my day regimene uses spf
a friend suggested that i try a retinoid
can't speak for that aspect of this serum
all of the retinoids are naturally derived
i love the way the bio retinoid anti-aging concentrate makes my skin feel
ren is sephoras hidden gem!
i do think the texture of my skin has al
i only use a daily spf 15
i layer this on top of the aha concentrate
i call it nature's version of retinol
to use it between my serum
the firming serum is great
om forehead lines at bay
a vitamin c serum in the morning
i also started using a derma roller
also a daily product with peptides
when i finish my m/u, my face isso smooth.
i figured id try sephora
this is my holy grail for ever amen.
put it on after serum
i love this product i have tried revive la mer etc
by far i saw results in ine week
probably 10 different treatments from various br
this is a salicylic acid product
it's great when i have my monthly breakouts or a r
in conjunction with my mia
note: i have combo oily
i like this beacuse it moisturizes
semi oily t-zone
i researched what to use bha or aha.
love the 1% salicylic acid
a little oily at the t-zone
i apply this daily to my t zone
then follow up with bb cream
definetly reduces the breakouts as well
can't use aha products
t is probably stronger than the other salicylic acid product i was using
haven't tried it w/foundation.
i love the antioxidants for the skin in here
(i have very dry, african american skin)
even though the active ingredient is 2% salicylic acid
because of all the rain in oregon
used drugstore to high-end br
lasts a long time, even in arizona heat.
works well layered with vitamin c
was previously using chanel hydra beauty creme
i normally don't buy the sephora br
i could compare this cream to the amore pacific that i use
this cream is seriously as good as the one i buy in korea
ive used all kinds of moisturizers
it was recommended by one of sephora's mua.
i supper with atopic dermatitis
ed by beauty routine to include some very pricey serums
the i prefer pumps vs
including creme de la mer
can pair it with a serum
can only be found at nieman marcus
i genetically have puffy under-eye bags.
i used this for around 10 mins
it didn't completely de-puff my eyes
even with my meds
using this product in conjunction with my clinique rollerball undereye product made a difference
i just got back from 3 days of hardcore las vegas bachelorette-ing
i love these masks.
i am assuming reformulation?
used my first one after a 14 hr non-stop flight from tokyo to atlanta
although it feels more like a serum
combine this serum into a good skin care routine am
this works better than the erythromycin gel that my doctor prescribed me
my derm prescribed two months of doxycycline to help it clear
i swear this is liquid gold
i knew i had to get product with glycolic acid
ive only used half the bottle
i've finally found a product that has helped to drastically reduce tr redness
it's will over 2 ounces
i got this product with the ptr acne fighting kit
this clearing gel uses the right % of aha/bha to fight
as with many ptr products
from rx to proactive to everything on sephora's shelves
i follow up with ptr oil free moisture
i also use all the ptr acne products.
please mr. roth don't stop making this!
supple throughout the chicago winter
ts too soon to see a result with acne
apply the peter thomas roth gel
thank you peter thomas roth for this product my skin is finally cooperating
am able to take photos w/o makeup
will purchase again, i use 2-3x a wk.
i also use the retinal pm from ptr
i find that this works better with the ptr correction pads
like rose hip seed oil
irritation as part of an adverse reaction to the pollution in new york
new holy grail product.
this may be a great serum
the 2% salicylic acid is a dream
it may tingle the first time since this is an intensive aha serum
i already use an aha/bha cleanser
i also cleanse with peter thomas roth
even considering prescription accutane
peter thomas roth products are amaze!
i got a better result with the dr
dennis gross daily peels
a similar product with no alcohol is jan marini bioglycolic bioclear lotion which is less product for same $
ty peter thomas roth!
for mild acne i use peter thomas roth acne spot so far so good
while my t-zone
i recently sharted using the max complexion correction pads
spot treatment in the peter thomas roth acne line
bottom line: not a holy grail product
has salicylic acid in it
dennis gross moisturizer at $78 for 1
the sales assoc suggested this one by peter thomas roth
i am fairly new to the ptr br
ni used to use ddf ultra lite moisturizing dew
i love peter thomas roth
extremely oily due to genetics
i am using it in combo with the peter thomas roth acne system
nor does it feel silicon-y
provides enough moisture to sooth my skin after using ptr's beta hydroxy acid wash which can be very drying
i only use it on my chin area b/c that's the most drying part
max daily spf in winter as well
my t zone isn't as oily
i love all peter thomas roth products there all amazing
thank you peter thomas roth!!
not as good as peter thomas roth
i tried the ptr acne kit
again, i love ptr products.
had to use a differnt product
i found i like using the ptr 10% glycolic moistuizer at night to give me a daytime glow too
this is good in a way coz it gives you vitamin a
it's been several years since i've used peter thomas roth products
om dry patches near my nose
it lasts realllly longgreat value by peter
works very well for the person w/ acne
found a holy grail product here.
i put a few drops of dram diff under the eyes
error with clinique moisturizers
this is one of my holy grail products!
anthony lotion was my holy grail until i found this product in a sample size
i love that it dosent just mask pores
bring out my w
my skin stays matt for atleast 6 hrs
i've tried all of sephora's favorite primers from becca
got a sample of clinique's pore refiner
i hate wearing make-up or blotting my face w/rice paper
i actually mix it w/my bb cream
i've tried all the primers laura mercier
i am very oily in my t-zone
i like using foundation primers
oily skin in the t-zone until i tried clinique
i've gone through quite a few c serums
never used anything with vitamin c before
i like this br
vitamin c is absorbed more readily in a fat soluble formula
this product however has a stabilized fat soluble base
t caused zero reactions
the high potency evening repair with retinol
i think philosophy's vitamin c powder helped.
i am african american
even better than my rx retinol
the high concentration of vit c evens out my skin tone
other creams may have vitamin c
dr perricone's vitamin c esther 15 leaves skin soft
other creams may have c
first time any vitamin c worked for me.
this vita c ester is so soft on your skin
this is by far my favorite vitamin c product.
great for its antioxidant properties as well.
my skin is combo
i usu break out w heavy treatments
follow with cold plasma
my skin is looking really good since using vit c ester 15
after using the ester c creme for 10 consecutive evenings the improvement in my skin was very noticeable
i am usually running out of serum
im enjoying this product along with the vit c eye serum
i just got perricone md vitamin c ester
vitamin c ester 15 is my saving grace!
perricone's vitamin c ester 15 available at sephora now
i love that the vitamin c is an ester form
acyl-gutathione in my skincare regimen
say "no" it's the vitamin c ester 15 by dr perricone
with this new vitamin c ester 15 ‘good’ just got a whole lot better
i decided to try vitamin c ester from perriconemd
i decided to spend the $120 on the new vitamin c ester 15 serum
u can use jade roller tool hands etc .
i love this serum
this serum is like no other.
since it is a serum
i really like this serum
this serum goes on thin
it's a great serum to incorporate both day
this is a very nice serum.
this serum is perfect for all skin types.
i absolutely love this serum!
this serum is the best one i would say
this is the first serum i have tried
this is my favorite serum, i have tried many.
i am in love with this serum.
i live in central canada with very harsh
this light weight serum is amazing
i absolutely love this serum.
this serum is amazing
this serum is awesome
i don't think this is medicinal
i apply this serum afterwards
add laura mercier rose oil in the winter
i liked this serum.
this serum is a must have.
this holy grail product
the texture of this product is sim is to an essence
this serum is life!!
because it is a very light serum
i apply this serum every morning
i really can't recommend this serum enough.
this is a very nice serum.
this serum is amazing.
this serum feels amazing
i've also been wanting to add a serum to my skin routine
this serum is awesome.
i tried multiple serums
really like this serum
ar 50ml packaging that most drugstore serums/ moisturizers come in
this serum was the star of the show
i can't live without the divine oil for my hair
now i need the sos serum for my face
after i apply the serum
a more intense serum at night
this serum is oil free
this is holy grail status
i love this serum.
this serum is great.
i like to switch serums depending on the season
this serum has transformed my skin!
i will preface this by saying that i love serums
the sk-ii i have found serums that i love
the price is pretty good for a serum
by caudal no less
an hg product for me.
my spf is all i need
i call it a little miracle worker because it hydrates
i never want to be w/o this
this serum is light
atm i have a dry
i used by itself or mix it with other serum.
i usually applied the serum before my origin mega-mushroom one
this serum is amazing!
dry along my t zone
my holy grail of skin care!
although the firming serum is amazing
this is my favorite serum!
i really like this serum.
i love this serum!!
j'ai la peau très sèche et ce produit est un sérum vraiment efficace
i love this serum.
saved my skin from the drying effects of my acne tx
this serum is surprisingly light
prefer with the serum
i only use a pump of serum
tight feeling on accutane
using this serum has softened
my bottle i have to pour the product out into my h
n love with this oil
i used this for my hair in an extremely small dose
spray a little on your h
i've only used on my h
mpressed i gave up my eyelash extensions for it
the cold of saskatchewan winter's don't st
i got the 100ml for christmas
has a high concentration of resveratrol.
5 oz bottle is better than the 1
i can't generally h
y while you are trevelling
whatever excess i have on my h
ion on my skin
ts not really an anti-frizz
i used argon oil
i like that the french tend to do glass bottles for liquid products to prevent contamination
this is better than the caudalie premier cru elixir in my opinion
i manufacture my ow.
lu e if products as well from scratch
i stock up when i go to europe because the formula in europe is very different
i also like that it is free of sulfates
i prefer raw shea
i just moved to nyc from california
i am on accutane right now
is not the same as sd alcohol
the former is a fatty acid derived from coconut
om case of hives that left my skin raw
distress over looking like mutated wade wilson
even here in texas
the origins charcoal mask on my t-zone
i am also combination/oily
an oily t zone
laisse la peau douce et revitalisée.
bon choix pour les peaux sensibles.
on the other h
is soothing on my icky pms-y hormonal days
i used this on my super dry h
these are both fatty alcohols most commonly derived from coconut or palm oil that act as humectants
i don't think i'll ever get rid of it without drying tf out of my face
this mois saved my skin.
works like a charm even without serum.
i mixed it with cover fx custom cover drops
cet hydratant léger et matifiant est parfait pour les peaux grasses
il pénètre dans la peau rapidement et garde notre peau belle pour la journée
tackiness left behind by my serum
blotting 5+ times a day
i layer it over caudalie vinosource sos serum
the coverfx mattifying bb cream
after trying a lot of mattifying primers
before this product my foundation only last matte for 3 hrs max even applying setting powder
one pump of amore pacific rejuvenating serum
un hydratant super efficace et qui rend la peau tellement douce et en plus elle est très matifiante
i also live in florida
respect that they don't use parables or phthalates
depuis que j'utilise ce fluide, fini boutons!
j'ai une peau superbe qui transpire la santé.
plus de boutons et terminer fond de teint.
s thirst quenching serum under the fluid
very cold in january
i've added the caudalie s.o.s.
with cooler temps in indiana right now
i've experimented with plenty of br
my holy grail during the harsh
i now live in dry southern california
began using the dr
dennis gross peel pads at night
i pair this with caudalie's premier cru oil
coconut oil every night with the perricone eye cream 2x per day
this moisturizer works wonders for my sensitive irish/french skin
t sinks in completely
applied bareminerals active cell renewal serum
i pair this with the quenching serum
i started with their h
i started with a trial size of the foaming cleanser in april
to keep it from creasing + moisturize etc
which is bobby brown hydrating cream followed by ole hendrickson cc eye cream
clinique is great in st
ing behind their products
i know the metal applicator is supposed to be a plus
i cam across a deal on it
its either the placebo effect or a miracle product
i am african american
is gr eat for the thin skin under my eyes
i tried the men's dark spot corrector as opposed to the woman's version
if so, then i don't want to be right ha ha.
it is holy grail
it has all kinds of omega in this
it is the best oil to go with la mer cream.
even on my dry h
i think it's derived from sources like lemon
among other products i use retinol
like the sunday riley ufo
t doesn't overcompensate with oil
i love stephanie nicole
traveling to philly from georgia takes its toll
it smells like chinese herbal medicine
other times i'll mix a few drops with a few drops of vitamin e oil
at night with the clinique creme
this bottle is pretty big for 50 ml
i found that when i mixed it with my night moisturizer "j
one hana" cream with only 2 drops
i love the types of oils
ter to smooth over the skin
i don't need this giant bottle!
i tent to have a really oily t-zone
thrilled to include 'tis in y beauty routine!
holy grail product for me
i mix this with my josie maran argan oil
rose hip seed oil
please restock the 0.5oz glass jar!
i mix a few drops into a serum at night
i follow stephanie nicole on youtube
as i am allergic to grapeseed oil
i got the sunday riley luna oil at the same time as this
i love all dr gross skincare products
perricone's vitamin c ester cream which did the trick over a period of a month or so
this year i have paired the alpha beta's with this serum
use the extra strength alpha beta peels every other day
i just started using the anti acne pads by the same br
apply with my h
applying with my h
this serum is wonderful.
fine lines/prevention this is the serum for you
at night i use it after the extra strength alpha beta peel pads
this is a great serum
skinceuticals ce ferulic in the mornings
the i use the dr
but this serum is amazing!
i've tried many vitamin c serums.
this is totally biased b/c this is only my 3rd day of using this sample
best retinol serum on the market.
dr dennis gross is simply the best!!!!
another home run by dr. dg!
i expected that of a retinol
it's my first retinol
dennis gross brightening solution also whenever i remember it
" or ptosis if ya wanna get real medical over it
what is it?skin rx vitamin c.b.e.
ferulic + serum is a comprehensive antioxidant super serum that takes advantage of each of the unique antioxidant delivery methods
chemical interactions to combat oxidative stress
i find that the product has a thicker viscous property to it in comparison to a product made by peter thomas roth that is similar
my first time using a serum and i'm impressed.
im comparing it to ptr aha/bha which was really harsh on my skin
love dr gross products.
dennis gross' products work amazingly well on my skin
i am 51 with combination skin
i started using this along with the alpha beta peel pads
im 50+, fair skin, red hair.
this serum cleared my skin
it's the best retinol i have ever used!
i like using it after the dr
alpha beta extra strength peel
i tried vitamin e serum
on my 2nd or 3rd bottle.
it is great paired with the vitamin c brightening serum
a serum w/ a dropper makes that easy
i also use the eye serum which i find amazing!
5 oz bottle of this which i received as a vib rouge point reward
after doing my research on dr gross
on this serum i decided to give it a go
the serum itself is very lightweight
so when i found a product that had ferulic acid
dennis gross skincare has been amazing
my skins has more of a glow since purchasing this serum
i am a avid user of dr. dennis gross products.
because of my usage of dr
the vita c ester at night
ferulic triple correction eye serum
dr. dennis gross is my new dermatologist!
read q/a about application
with about 1/4 to 1/2 of the dropper
like one of dr g's other products
i cannot find refills anywhere.
my skin responded well to accutane
it's def made a difference
it is sulfur based, so yes.
oxy with 5% benzoyl peroxide
controls oil as well as my dr
murad insta matte oil control
j'ai quelques problèmes hormonaux ces temps-ci causant de l'acné sur mon visage
j'ai lu les «reviews» sur ce produit et j'ai constaté que d'autres femmes comme moi avaient le même problème et avaient utilisé le produit de dr
first i cleanse with a product my dermatologist recommended that uses natural volcanic sulfur called joseph skincare sulfur soap then i apply dr
dennis gross clarifying mask after 5 mins i apply joeseof skincare sulfur drying lotion 6
i've tried lines like ren
the harsh salicylic acid products
as long as you're not allergic to sulfur
some people don't like sulfur
or the clinique gel
my t-zone is so disgustingly oily--the associate for dr
i also use kat von d's oil-prevention setting spray
because i decided to give this sulfur mask a try
i prefer it in comparison to the peter thomas roth sulfur mask because of texture
thank you so much sephora and dr. dennis gross!
salicylic acid was great in my teens
sulfur seems to work for my "adult" skin
dr. gross is the best for my skin improvement
le the large amounts of glycolic
nothing has worked until i tried the clarifying colloidal sulfur mask
used it as a quick mask for 10 min or so
it's main ingredient is sulfur so that's to be expected
since i like his alpha beta peels
here in new york
i read the ingredients
the alpha peel are must haves in my skin care routine
a lonnnng time ago i enjoed the peter thomas roth sulfur mask
i stopped using it due to the parabens.
i replaced my $10 sulphur ointment
sulfur masks over night is the answer
dennis on my zit
i kept using that product bc it worked
i also recommend the all in one cleansing foam from dr
it's a sulfur mask after all
i love this creme.
seriously the best creme at sephora.
i started using witch hazel as a toner
best creme i've ever used.
i finally treated it to a gatorade
my skin is soo different!
try to purchase during vib/rouge or ff sales especially since i want to use the matching serum
sometimes the serum is all i need
the enzyme peel as a deluxe sample
i hear from some people that this cream is even better than la mer face cream
the smooth finish al
i am combination oily skin
obagi nu derm so my skin is dry
m under my foundation
makes for a great primer i work for laura mercier
je l'ai utilisé avec le reste de la gamme
ma peau est extremement douce et je la sens fraiche
apres seulement 3 jours d'utilisation le soir ma peau est devenue une merveille
je sent mes boutons disparaitrent et il me semble pas que d'autre sont en chemin
about anti aging, i'm in my twenty-ish.
the cc make up too
cause i usually get my skincare at high end dept stores
great for canadian winters to keep my skin nice.
f you do not like mushrooms
s to expensive ones like la mer
i will definitely use this creme forever
under the amore pacific tinted moisturizer during the day
this is the miracle creme
went to algenist anti aging cream
smooth cream that acts more like a serum
excellent product, dat price tho... ouch.
i got several samples of this product before a trip to a punk fest in the uk
i usually do nt write review
just back from asia
amore pacific is worth it
i got this creme
better than la mer.
better than la mer
future response is a thick crème
i found this crème to be firming
i like to an alpha peel of some sort
to buy a really effective serum
i like the enzyme peal
i love the serum
everything other than the serum is a luxury i cannot afford
i love this creme.
i also use dior's bb and the serum.
using dior make up
capture totale intensive night restorative crème one of the best dior products
you feel the thickness on your h
warm it between both h
i pair this with totale one essential
i love this creme!
try adding the capture totale one essential serum into your routine
i confess i use mainly dior treatments
i recommend it , (i've got combo skin)
this is the best vitamin c serum
use the serum twice daily
ever since using the mia2
this vitamin c serum really brings out the life to my skin
vitamin c is so good for your skin
now imagine 30x more vitamin c than an orange
this serum really helped my dads skin greatly.
i actually mix this with philosophy vitamin c powder every morning for a gorgeous glow
the serum is incredibly light
i love this camu camu serum.
this serum has changed my skin.
whenever i use this serum with the sleeping facial
for my 50+ skin
buy a larger bottle of this serum
i am on my second serum bottle
great lightweight serum for the face.
loved the vitamin c element
i also use the cc cream broad spectrum spf 30 complexion corrector on top
i am 35 y/o with very acne prone skin
i used up 2 bottles of this serum bc my skin just drank it up
then i thought maybe i should go back to perricone md amine lift in the am
loved all of the products except the cc cream
i usually use in the morning prior to a moisturizer or bb or cc cream with spf
+worked in retail cosmetics for yrs
this serum definitely revitalizes
i love this serum.
the serum is runny
i pump it into the palm of my h
i love all ptr products
samples of the vitamin c serum
i will continue to repurchase the camu camu brightening serum
this serum has not done that
even despite the high potency of vitamin c
i also use the ptr cc cream for daytime
less of the serum consistency of bottles i had in the past
i usually adore ptr products
that's not the object of this serum
this serum def does the job it says.
this serum is light
this serum is amazing.
the best solution i have found is to cup one h
that this serum has the highest concentration of vitamin c
i love that this serum is immediately absorbed by my skin
i absolutely love this serum!
other vitamins i use
she recommended this serum
the cc cream to use as foundation
the first time i used this serum
thank you peter thomas roth for the wonderful product
this serum was great
i wanted something with vitamin c for the anti-wrinkle benefits
li like to use this during the day over moisturizer
best "c" product i have ever used!
when you apply the serum to your skin
this cumu cumu vit c i will return
skin type: dry combination with some dark sports on both cheekssamples: cc brightening serum
i love how lightweight this serum is
potent than vitamin c
sometimes vitamin c can irritate sensitive skin
this ptr camu camu serum is far superior than any other vitamin c product i've ever used
i've used other ptr products before
peter thomas roth knocked the ball out of the park with these camu camu products
i mix this korres treatment with some caffeine product by dhc
japanese drug store br
i ver rarely need to wear under eye concealer thanks to this product
i highly recommend this product if you're struggling with a crepe-y dark under eye area
along with the wild rose serum
ageless with this amazing serum
throw in this serum for the complete regimen
j'avais la peau très sèche et j'ai eu de la difficulté à trouver un produit qui convenait à celle-ci
le acne spots at the same time
i wouldn't call the moisturizer "holy grail
i am 47 with combo skin
i usually use sesame oil
this is my holy grail product
i love the entire line of fab skincare.
i looked at the ingredients
i generally use it under a bb cream
ts easier to apply to the face
perfect for montreal weather.
oily in my t-zone
7 oz bottle in a little over a month
this moisturizer was recommended to me by a sephora ba
the camu camu power c x 30 moisturizer was used along with the serum
the vitamin c has helped to reduce
i do use this along with the serum
night after the camu camu serum
om things like that
cc cream and serum is good too.
i wear it over my ptr pm retinol fusion serum.
perfect anti aging for late 20s/early 30s with all the vitamin c
especially my t-zone
it has vitamin c
other peter thomas roth products on 200 percent
especially with the serum
i started using the serum
espesially bc it is expensive
i really love the kamu kamu products from the ptr line
switched to the ptr mega rich intense anti-aging cellular cream
this is the second ptr product i have discovered i love by this method
t stays super fresh
bought this plus the serum
thank you peter thomas roth for this excellent product
i also use the serum and it is wonderful!
put water on your h
one of the cs reps told me to try this product
great for my 50+ skin!
thank you peter thomas roth!!
i ended up returning them to purchase this product from peter thomas roth
because it's made with vitamin c
the tighter the packaging = less oxidation
i live in germany
ich bin begeistert von diesem produkt
es ist abgesehen von dem angenehmen geruch auch super für die haut
peter thomas roth products are genius.
serum etc on the rest of my face
either perricone md foundation or rms beauty foundation
then i add a touch of rms beauty face powder
i love both the perricone pore treatments!
i switched out my vitamin a retinoid for this
i usually buy anti-aging products from dr
my pores look hd ready!
even with the worst humidity in florida
i live in texas
i am using this with the intensive pore minimizer
i used it about 3x a week.
i've used almost ever mask known to mankind!
even w my hideous pores
i only applied it to my t-zone area.
my peter thomas roth rose moisturizer
its def not gentle
shall i saw a glam glow?
i on the other h
on the other h
clinique pep-start eye cream
holds a lot of the serum
then the serum works its magic
i love the feel of this serum
the applicator ball at the end of the w
the serum glides on like magic
i love this eye serum.
this serum is amazing.
this serum helped immensely
its a serum which anyone with a brain would know means
bc lancome is all about research
sometimes gives you a lil too much serum
even my wrinkles aren't as pronounced.
i keep the bottle in the frig
sk-ii cellumination crème ex is definitely now a part of my daily skin routine
sk-ii is perfect for my skin.
i got it for free from sk-ii.
i look forward to putting sk-ii cellumination crème ex on my face
i received sk-ii's cellumination creme ex for free from sk-ii in exchange for an honest review
i received the sk-ii cellumination cream ex free from sk-ii to try
sk-ii has none of those issues.
i've used sk-ii cellumination creme ex for 4 weeks now
you'll see the effects of the creme sooner
this sk-ii is not the case
i did get this product for free from sk-ii
i received a pot of this from sk-ii
6 ozs 160 dollars is alittle high
after using the sk-ii cellumination
i received sk-ii cellumination cream exhis cream as a part of promotion for free to try
for a while i was using exclusively sk-ii products
with sk-ii it's not getting oily
i usually use the sk-ii facial treatment essence
then the sunday riley good genes
i love sk-ii as a brand.
this was a product complimentary from sk-ii
you can pick up the same size of la mer for $155
kate sommerville's extended-release night time retinol
algenist's regenerative anti -age to try to even out my 45+ finicky
have gone back to my kat von d lock-it to cover
product complimentary from sk-ii
the only con is that is has no spf
sk-ii cellumination cream ex is just wonderail on my skin
sk-ii gives me that look
my skin was drying out in october/november-
this cream single h
without even thinking of sk ii
it's more of a gel consistancy.
i wouldn't buy this again only b/c i don't liike my face being ghostly white
if you want to get super skin cel turnover out of an otc product this one will work great
i followed this with my normal la mer cream
this product was given to me from sk-ii to try.
other products by sk-ii in the future
glow-y than normal
it is perfect for the florida humidity.
i love that the sk-ii facial lift emulsion doesn't have a strong scent
i received sk-ii facial lift emulsion free from sk-ii
thank you sk-ii.
the best thing about sk-ii facial lift emulsion is the additional moisture it added to my skin
so my wish came true when i received a complimentary bottle of the sk-ii facial lift emulsion to try out in exchange for a honest review
will not be purchasing another one unless sk-ii takes out parabens from all their skin care products
i received the sk-ii facial lift emulsion to try in exchange for an honest review
i received the skin ii facial lift emulsion to try
i am now hooked on the sk-ii facial lift emulsion
everything about sk-ii facial lift emulsion is a dead ringer for it
sk-ii facial lift emulsion is certainly comparable
so far i'm in love with sk-ii facial lift emulsion
i also love that it doesn't contain gmos or sulfates
i really like emulsion.
i love that it has no sulfates.
sk-ii has seemed to bring back a youthfulness to it
this is my first sk-ii experience
the non gmo is golden
then ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster
light, yet quenching enough.
it is my first sk ii product
i should know after thous
when sephora brought on the sk -ii line
cate blanchette is the face of sk-ii
moisturizing effects--even in the pennsylvania winter
use sk-ii products
sk-ii has the most wonderful skin care line.
a shiny t-zone area
i found sk-ii facial treatment cleanser to be very creamy
while walking down to skincare the packaging of sk ii caught my eye
i also use kate somerville’s exfolikate
fine whiteheads all over my t-zone
i switch to this sk-ii facial cleanser
i highly recommend using this sk-ii cleanser with clarisonic brush
now that sephora carries the sk-ii line
nothing works as amazing as this sk-ii one
my la mer cream
the reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is b/c of the price
thank goodness sephora now carries sk-ii
i typically skip the toner step ang go straight to the facial treatment essence followed by the skin signature cream
when i tried sk-ii oil cleanser i first noticed the flowery
this serum is great.
after using the sk-ii product my skin feels clean
i received the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil free from sk-ii to try out
i enjoy this sk-ii cleanser.
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil does exactly that
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil is very gentle
i received the sk-ii facial cleanser free to try from sk-ii
i want to preface this by saying i got a bottle of this free from sk ii
i love everything in the sk-ii line!
i got a full-size bottle complimentary from sk-ii
which is a scent that i would normally associate with gr
sk-ii sent me a bottle of this cleansing oil to try
have been using sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil for a few weeks now
all i could think was that the compliment was a result of using sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil
i cannot wait to try other sk-ii products!
sk-ii had sent me a bottle of the facial treatment cleansing oil
applying the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil was super creamy
sk-ii recently sent me a bottle of its sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil to try
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil is on the rather expensive side
sk-ii sent me a bottle of it's sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil to try
scrub like my previous br
i recently received the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil for free from sk-ii
sk-ii is actually transforming my skin
it takes out the impurity of the day
s before giving sk-ii's facial treatment cleansing oil a chance because of the steep price
interested to try other sk-ii products now.
it removes my heavy marc jacobs remarcable makeup with no problem
i actually use less than a pump-ful of the product
the sk-ii saleslady at a counter in hong kong told me to pat the oil onto the skin rather than spreading the oil
from the drugstore to the high end br
sk-ii sent their ultimate revival cream for free for me to try
sk-ii ultimate revival cream has worked wonders for waking my dull
dry skin up in just a h
sk-ii ultimate revival cream is long lasting
i really love sk-ii ultimate revival cream
the first time i used sk-ii lxp i noticed an immediate feeling of suppleness to the skin quality
i've found that rubbing my h
the sk-ii ultimate revival cream made my skin smooth
i love sk-ii lxp ultimate revival cream!
i received the sk-ii serum through bzzagent.
in many asian countries
sk-ii is considered the queen of skin care
we literally call it "the magical water" in asia.
sk-ii ultimate revival cream is the first facial moisturizer product i've ever tried from sk-ii
this sk-ii ultimate revival cream has the most beautiful
i received the ultimate revival cream from sk-ii for free
wow this sk-ii moisturizer is amazing.
so a jar of sk -ii lasts much longer than any other moisturizer i have used as well
i absolutely love this sk-ii face cream.
i feel very lucky that i was chosen to test sk-ii ultimate revival cream
i live in las vegas
sk-ii ultimate revival cream does a fabulous job keeping my face moisturized 24/7
sk-ii lxp ultimate revival cream is nothing short of amazing
it’s not b/c of some aromatherapy mumbo-jumbo b/c science ppl
that makes it tick b/c the accompanying lit was scant
the lxp ultimate perfecting cream by sk-ii is incredible
warmed by my h
japanese women have the best skin on this planet
many of them use sk-ii
have tried many moisturizers including la mer
i will order the lxp serum next and try it.
i much prefer the dropper.
sk-ii facial treatment repair c is working wonders on my skin
i like the silky feel to the serum
the sk-ii treatment is a clear liquid that goes on your face smoothly
which are particularly pronounced when i use a powder foundation
i applied the sk-ii daily after cleansing my face in the morning
i really like the feel of the serum
i received the facial treatment from sk-ii
this is a clear gel-like serum.
the facial treatment repair c from sk-ii is a great serum moisturizer
the formula is a serum
i follow mine up with spf 55
i really like this treatment serum.
i received the sk-ii facial treatment repair c for free from sk-ii in exchange for my honest review
ncludes the sk-ii cleansing lotion
the facial treatment repair c does not disappoint
i started using sk-ii facial treatment repair c about 4 weeks ago
im glad to try this product for free from sk-ii facial treatment repair c
scrubs in an effort to make my skin look the way sk-ii facial treatment repair c does
the serum is slippery
i received this sk-ii facial treatment repair c serum from sk-ii as part of a promotion
i 've been using the sk-ii facial treatment repair serum for several weeks with amazing results
sk-ii facial treatment repair serum doesn't cover skin issues
i received sk-ii facial treatment repair c from sk-ii as part of a promotion so that i could use it
i can't wait to try other products from sk-ii.
the 1oz bottle seems small
i love asian skin care
sk-ii is defiantly one of the best
sk-ii's facial treatment repair c minimized it so much
when i was invited to try sk-ii facial treatment repair c
this nutrient-rich serum with a mix of concentrated pitera
i apply sk-ii facial treatment repair c each morning
i simply pump 2 drops of the serum into my h
i cannot wait to see my skin after a month of using sk-ii facial treatment repair c
o m g did i see an immediate difference
so of course i have to try the facial treatment repair c
: for me its moisturizing enough maybe because i put the sk-ii serum before putting this product
realized that it does not contain vitamin c
the name of the product seemed to indicate to me that it contained vitamin c
the newest sephora member review for this product seemed to be extolling this as a vitamin c serum
i specifically wanted a vitamin c product
then a sunscreen with vitamin c
i think this serum is a real factor in that
i've long been into using vit.
i also recently invested in the new ptr serum for "hollowness" in the blue bottle
when this was getting low i dropped some of the ptr into the sk-ii vit
sk has an excellent skin care line
i must say that for 60+ yrs.
i alternate this with lancôme precious cells
especially for a french product
it works as well as the xx
i noticed a change in my undereye skin immediatly
or a facial oil or josie maran argan oil
no comparison to lancome collaser 5x serum
i really do like the collaser 5x serum a lot for puffiness reduction
i already use a glycolic acid serum
i put some on in the am and p.m.
the avocado kiehls i was prev using
sadly, it's in my genes!
i've tried just about every eye "de-puffer"
i turn to this holy grail product
like after a 13 hour flight to rio
this is the only mask i keep on h
it is my new holy grail
i used this on my t zone
i will keep this h
i live in texas
after using lots of drugstore br
i love the pore matrix
this one was h
my fav face mask
lines in my t-zone area
great product for oily t-zone treatment.
would also recommend the peter thomas roth mask
de-oiling my skin type of mask
clear up my breakouts asap
i used the mask
the rest will drie out
it's a gel based formula
it rly makes a huge difference
when i keep up w my skincare routine
during our crazy cold mn winters
was recommended the origins "night-a-mins" cream
there used to be only 2 options in the usa
i went into origins to actually get the mega mushroom cleanser
use origins high potency night-a-mins™ mineral-enriched renewal cream at night
my daily routine is origina checks
i recommend using it paired with josie maran aragon oil light
this is perfect for alberta winters!
use that dap for my whole face
my skin was so dry from the constant a/c
it sits very well on top of any serum i may apply before h
it sits well under my bb cream
or maybe froot loops
an origins rep in macy's recommended this because of the watermelon hydration
my skin is usually oily esp on my t-zone
products to basic aloe vera gel
i switched to this cream
dry weather in chicago
i'd go to dap the oil off
i am a super oily
you need this liquid gold.
i occasionally will wear bb cream
the peter thomas roth oily/problem skin spf brush alternatively
avon used to carry a natural apple
witch hazel based toner
oily around t zone
i rub the excess on my h
i swear i can see a difference in my skin after 1x use
i am obsessed with tarte
this is my holy grail product.
actually use it on my h
it helps keep my h
i started using this oil back in february after i had gotten a sample of the herbivore lapis oil
s which dries out my h
i am buying 2 tubes of this product
i've only used the oil on my face a h
my normal routine is chanel
my sunspot is gone
ive tried other oils since
this is my hg now.
my holy grail for essentials.
i mix it with josie maran argan oil.
both oils have different linoleic
i only use one drop mixed with my serum
mainly oily in my t zone
glowing from the vitamin c in this oil
am currently on accutane
you can't take accutane while on antibiotics
maracuja oil is super packed with vitamin c
it's my holy grail and i highly recommend it 100%
it is hydrating enough for canadian winter
'm not overproducing oils
i received a free phyto oil from dermologica with one of my orders
thank you tarte xoxo
my skin is glowing bc of this.
then put this on top to get the vitamin e all over
of all the creams i tested on my h
i *love* ren's sh2c serum
it doesn't over hydrate my oily t-zone
i used it under a snail serum
before trying the serum
because i have a deviated septum
i didn't find it hydrating enough for the canadian winter
this is my hg!!!!
i literally will r
i put it under my luna oil.
i pair it with my laura mercier primer
this is my holy grail product.
i mix it with a 2 to 3 drops of argan oil
i don't like that the br
any dry skin peeps
!totally the bomb.com!
then use this as well as the lotus eye cream
overall it's my newfound hg moisturizer
i think this is the only cream that actually visibly improves the texture of the skin right away aside from using beta hydroxy acid creams
a retinol serum in the evening
i received a deluxe sample of the murad rapid collagen infusion serum a few weeks ago
i've just purchased my second bottle of the rapid collagen infusion
i just recently purchased this serum
i love this undereye repair.
tried caudalie premier cru eye cream for 6 months
it`s an awesome creme when you apply it you del like silk on your face
this is my first retinoid product
mostly i just love the feel of this cream/serum
no reaction to any foundations/ bb creams.
my usual eye cream is amore pacific
ca for the recommendation
i religiously use philosophy purity face wash with my clarisonic mia 2
i got this at tj maxx for $16
a little because of my genetics
didn't give it 5 stars b/c of the price
i then follow with this serum
after using d-scar nightly for a month
use korres tone target corrector serum
first i apply the serum
about 2-3x a week i'll do the same process with a derma-roller
this serum worked decently
like vitamin c mist
i read great reviews on the d-scar serum
this product is the holy grail of d-scaring.
was recommended this serum
she used this serum
le against the d-scar serum
i try to use the serum 2x a day
result in just the use of a light coverage bb or cc cream
i am able to use this serum
i absolutely love this serum by kate sommerville.
i would def recommend this product
i got this d-scar
decided to invest in this serum
my skin isn't so wrinkled that i need an rx retinol yet
this night cream delivers pronto!
breakouts only in my t-zone here
since it's my first retinol
i love ks products
vit c most nights
i rotate this night cream with kate somerville retasphere micro peel
went off depo provera
f your not used to wearing a retinol
bur goes away after you appy to skin
alternate in a weaker retinol product
kate s. products have been great for my skin.
ing night cream with enough retinol to get results-- radiant
retinol being the active ingredient that causes cell turnover
i love kate somerville products
the kate sommerville is more effective in lifting
good retinol compared to others
not only a potent retinol
retasphere's retinol molecules are encapsulated in a lipid shell
lipids are something our skin already has
vitamin c sleeping facial
my skin feels br
my african american skin is tighter
i still use argon oil around my eyes
i love the results retinol provides
i've tried a number of different retinol products
the pore serum during the day
like o said worth it
then put on a serum then this product
some of the acids found in this product
because this product has salicylic acid
i also apply once to twice a week kate sommerville's exfolikate foaming sulfur mask
my skin is still matt
i should mention that i put a hyaluronic acid serum under
decreased oil in the t-zone
i tried this as a sample from the store first after being fed up with the weight of traditional moisturizers + primer + foundation etc
it has a slight seaweed oder
i need anti-aging
i also really recommend clinique laser focos eye cream
i previously used a mark moisturizer that's now discontinued
south central texas is hard on skin with the humidity
e to oily skin by the end of the day
the alguronic acid is derived from seaweed
i recently tried a more expensive peter thomas roth set that wasn't even as good as a drug store br
this is great morning serum
this serum magically gives me doll-like skin.
the best serum for oily skin!
it wasn't miracle shrinkage
i got a 8 ml size one in my sephora gratis
anyways i call this my miracle serum
i tried many other products from ptr
harmonizes w/any moisturizer you may want to combine it with
just succumb to the temptation of retin-a
algenist multi-perfecting pore corrector concentrate
hydration with using this paired with the dr
dennis gross eye cream
tap the bottle into your h
this is my go-to day eye serum.
better than any eye serum you can find xoxo
my previous product was yonka alpha contour
i love this eye serum.
since dr dennis gross is one of my favs
i will say it's a serum
i wish it de-puffed a little better
used in combination with a ce ferulic serum
dennis gross ferulic + retinol triple correction eye serum has done much more
i feel i have found my holy grail in eye treatment
i think it could use more retinol than the acid
gross's products having started with the alpha beta peel
it is thanks to dr. gross.
now i can't image life without this serum
eye serum at my local sephora
love the gel serum formula.
i usually use peter thomas roth
this little serum is a real gem
goes on great under my tarte primer.
i really love the texture of this serum
i really like this serum.
amazing serum i use it alone
it dose not dry my eye erea
it´s one of the best serum i´ve tried
really that's the side effect of a potent retinol product
i love this eye serum.
i really do like this serum
this serum is amazing!!
de-puffs the undereye area
paired w/ the lift
i used many br
i tried origins ginzing eye cream
until i ran out of my usual vitamin c eye cream
since the vitamin c
really helped to de-puff
plumps up my 49 yo skin nicely
the vitamin c helps with darkness.
t offers intense hydration
i think my fone lines are reduced
right now this is my favorite eye serum.
im buying h facial oil to use at night
i am starting to like tarte.
my vib rouge status isn't showing either
i decided to try joise maran's argan infinity cream oil
i started with the argan oil sample.
tested on top of my h
one of my favourite josie maran products!
hydrater mes mains lorsqu'elles sont très sèches et je l'utilise comme crème de nuit en hiver pour hydrater ma peau irritée par le froid
un must passe partout
also recommended for burns- high in vitamin e
but i wouldn't live w/o the infinity cream!
the 100% pure argan oil by josie maran recently
using the argan oil
i personally don't like the original argan oil
this is argan oil in a pertroleum form
oil version i use for hair
while i have combo skin
a pea size of this over ren's omega serum
this tune comes in h
i really love the portability of this argan oil
actually the korres greek yogurt
the 100% argan oil from josie marian
feels good to use this instead of harsh prescription meds
i will continue using this wonderful oi
along with the josie maran oil
this cream pack a 1-2 punch
a true essential for any canadian/
i love using this creamy oil right after i wash my h
i received the 15 ml tube of this in a holiday pack
this is my 2nd yr using this product.
i rub it into my dry h
i love using it on my h
on top of my h
argan oil help my skin to not overproduce its own natural oils
dior is my favourite br
all of the dior capture totale line is perfect for aging skin
should choose dior capture xp eye cream
i might splurge with some sephora promo for xmas or sth
i am 32 with combination skin
korean female with combination skin
i decided to try this creme after using chanel for some time
i love this creme!
hence the rouge status
this is even better with the serum
bye-bye lines and wrinkles.
i like it as much as chanel's lifting creme.
de-puffs my undereyes when i massage it in
i live in alberta
my under eye area looks a m a z i n g
i used a gel before i got this
i like results rx
i apply the clinique first, and then shishedo.
the best eye cream ive tried.
seems to be a good de-puffer as well
i used this wednesday
t doesn't get contaminated
doesn't leave your h
i usually use it after applying my normal serum
i follow the korean beauty step
the ap skin hydration mist
love the size is rasonable for the price lov
combined with the custom repair serum
by the time february rolls around i have scaly
i used it over the jurlique oil during my accutane phase
that's normal when i switch up my skin care regimen
add a few drops of josie maran argan oil
plus suffering from ibs
is now a holy grail product
i love wei products
i always use it before wei's bee venom anti-wrinkle cream mask
i wish sephora carried more wei products.
mu pores are smaller
i expected this to have the chinese medicine type smell like sulwhasoo
i would love to try the other masques
ive always been to sensitive to use mud masks
ts well worth the money
i tried to use part of a pod
i used a whole pod
this mask by wei is in my top 5!
i love to use face mask products.
note: one pod equals one mask.
one pod lasts for about 3-4 masks
one pod is about 4 masks.
i will def buy it after i used all 8 pods.
excelente máscara para purificar y reavivar el rostro
monodosis ideal para llevar en un viaje.
da para 3 aplicaciones aproximadamente
ie i am not blackhead free
i used the alpha/beta treatment from dr dennis as a compliment after the mask
i like the pods
i personally prefer wei mask than the trending glam glow mask
first off, each little pod is 0.3 oz.
thank you wei for this amazing mud mask.
an oily t-zone
1.4 oz is not alot of product.
since my combination skin doesn't h
le heavy products well
dryer fall nights in new york
i am on accutane right now
its filled with antioxidants
castor oils which are both non-comedogenic
i love boscia as a br
i mainly ordered this because it contained some jojoba oil
i love the spf
it does have kaolin clay in it
i like the spf as well.
my skin is combo
i would rec this for oily skin
as it contains kaolin clay
have oil in my t-zone
i do switch to the sticky spf 55+ stuff
even during summers in miami humidity i wear this
it also claims to have vitamins in it
this one has the consistency of a serum
only detracting a star b/c it's not super heavy
the ones with zinc
titanium oxide as active ingredients have been the worst for me
i am genetically predisposed to skin cancer
it doesn't over-moisturize my t-zone
i usually stick with the bb creams.
love the antioxidants and the high spf.
plan on using it 4eva.
i live in chicago
the antioxidants were definitely a selling point
works well with very oily t-zone
i like the even distri
together with my serum
love the combination of spf
i wanted an spf 30
this is soo lightweight as well
f you want good hydration
8oz more product in this jar
i first got this in bangkok
i dab a bit on my h
that performs like this serum
so for staters i have oily skin
it's my holy grail product.
i absolutely adore the aqua gel mask!
like i just gobbled a powdered donut
when the mua tried to apply it
i used a generic tsubaki oil i found on amazon
living in canada in an area with lots
it mixes so well with cover fx drops
i saw all these other oils on the market that had other ingredients like vitamin c
this stuff lasts for-ev-er
1 bottle lasts me approx.
purchased jm oil in travel size
i am oily by nature
i used the maracuja oil from tarte before
in the evening i combine a few drops wth dr jart ceramindin
in the morning i use 1-2 drops with my giorgio armani luminous silk foundation
now i use the truth serum by ole henriksen
i only use this in the morning with my dr jart ceremide cream
after my vitamin c serum i just put 4 drops
in the palm of my h
my breakout prone skin is al
from la mer to drugstore to prescription
the kate somerville dilo oil
clinique dramatically different +
great on my oily t zone
it wont leave ur face greasy.
i am east asian and have combination skin.
i started using a brightening serum
i love the way my bb cream goes on above this oil
i've tried alot of the beauty oils at sephora
i rub a few drops between my h
the josie maran face oils
oily in the t zone
should i this tsubaki oil or josie maran argan oil
seriously, it feels so lux when it foams up.
combo during fl fall/winter
plus it works well with my mia.
this evening i was looking to change up my routine from using peter thomas roth anti-aging cleansing gel
le produit est très efficace et sa consistance est très agréable
since it can pill
have just the serum on my face
i ran out of ampoules
i usually use ampoule before serums
i started using fresh's oil cleanser to combat my oily t-zone
or the ice cream i ate bc final exams
it's my new hg
toned in the hot florida months
shine i use in combination with kate sommerville anti-bac lotion
i love the pump container
can work as a serum-like product
otherwise i risk my bb cream looking streaky
i just use my supergoop spf serum underneath this
only ever used serum
it does due to the hyaluronic acid
this paired with peter thomas roth cucumber mask has visibly decreased the redness in my skin
especially in conjunction with a serum/oil
the consistency is like a serum
blotting papers are on h
ond goes on like a coat of moisture
i used it after i cleansed my face using my mia sonic care
the first aid beauty cream in boston
om breakouts were coming from the product being in a pot
i just combine it with fresh umbrian clay mattifying serum
i wish i didn't like this lotion bc of the price
i went with this product bc rose is supposed to be good for acne
can't wait to try the rose serum!
large container too in comparison to a serum.
i also use the fresh toner which was prefect while i was in mexico to refresh my face when it got dry
in addition w the rose toner
cleans like a foam vs a milk or oil
a very oily t zone
whichever nighttime serum you use
especially paired with truth serum
the vitamin c anti aging collagen booster
after either oh truth serum or invigorating night treatment
bb cream as my makeup routine
spread it around your h
then press your h
hold your warm h
in combination with the collagen booster from ole
i am now on my second bottle of this serum
i also use the truth serum during the day
this product definitely enhances the day serum
the serum in the am
love this product at night with the truth serum over top
you can really smell the oranges in the vitamin c
i've repurchased this as well as the collagen booster
the ole henriksen truth serum in the am
perfect to pair with his truth serum!
i swear by this oil.
african red tea foaming cleanser 2.
truth serum collagen booster 4.
pure truth vitamen c youth activating oil
i know this because i've been using pure rosehip seed on my face at night before bed for 6 mos -- it has anti-ageing benefits
much better actually than the pure rosehip seed oil i'd been using
use with the truth serum collagen booster i got in three little wonders pack
apply directly after the youth serum
i brought this product in december
i love this product with or without the truth serum
the collagen truth serum
i feel in love with my skin after being givenice a sample of truth serum at my local sephora
cover fx primer for blemish prone skin
called oh spa in la
f you buy two of the m
you get 1oz of each for $48
or just with the vitamin c truth serum
tangerine essential oils in a vitamin e
the serum is bright orange
origins night a mins cream on my face
live in so cal
including the famous la mer
good for the h
between pure truth activating oil
def recommend if you are under 40.
the new serum during the day
les both very well
have used wrinkle resist 24 -hr eye cream for some time
decided to try bio-performance super corrective eye cream
tiniest amt needed to super-hydrate undereye lines
to de-puff in the daytime
i'll stick with the peter thomas roth mega rich for daytime under makeup
or even the origins dr
rew weil mega-bright dark circle minimizer
know that only use of color correctors
various pricey la prairie eye creams i tried aren't as good as this eye cream either
i stopped using my essential oils
this is my new hg eye cream.
i am on my second bottle of shiseido's bio-performance super corrective eye cream
more effective because antioxidant
i can vouch for this product's hydration
face self tanner made
thats the price for many good self tanners
i normally cant st
love this daily lightweight natural glow-tion.
i mix this daily w my origins tinted moisturizer or origins cc
love and trust all dr. gross products.
i like the combo aha
i adore all of the dennis gross products
i like the tubes of vitamin c that dr perricone offers a lot better than this one
so vitamin c is great for your skin as it's an antioxidant that prevents aging in the first place
i've always been on a lookout for a good vitamin c serum
i turned to a cheaper ''dupe'' timeless ce ferulic
where do l start.....this serum is god sent.
i think l have found my serum for life.
the perricone vit c ester products changed my life
i love this serum and the whole line of products!
this is one of the best vitamin c serums out there
it's my secret serum !!
vitamin c is a necessary part of a good skin care regimen--
i've tried lots of vitamin c products
gentle, non-irritating form of vitamin c serum.
this is my favorite vitamin c product from perricone
i always try the vitamin c ester creams in 4 small tubes
i wanted to give a try to the serum.
this serum is fantastic!
it's my first product from sephora or perricone md
since using this serum
i've purchased this serum twice.
i first purchased it because a senhora girl recommended it stating that it was one of the most stable vitamin c serums on the shelf
the rest of the serum is useless
oz recommended vitamin c serum with phytoceramide
this serum really works.
needles to get this serum
i also think this is the best c serum out there.
i put this beautiful serum on
was really wanting skinceuticals c e ferulic
i also use the cold plasma
the l acyl-glutathione
i need to decide if this is better than the skinceuticals vitamin c serum
i def recommend this.
my skin texture i feel has al
i would hight recommend it.
i am dry combo oily.
because it's labeled as a "gel"
because it's gel-based
it is perfect for the hot vegas climate
i love the gel consistency
on the other h
gris or oils i love em
es una crema excelente ,súper hidrátate.
ayuda a mantener la piel todo el día humectada y tersa
better than makeup forever hd.
found my hg primer!
i like to try new primers
i live in florida so you know this can h
i've tried so many primers since i have large poors
plus it's anti-aging.
i initially went into sephora interested in the marc jacobs primer
found that the benefit pore reducers flaked on my skin so when i saw that the algenist br
had a pore reducers i decided to try it
set a great base for my full coverage tarte amazonian clay foundation
i even like to wear this with no foundation over it b/c it shrinks the pores
for reference my skin reacts well to the retinol firming
lifting serum in this line
the sa introduced the to me
i paired it with my lancome tient idole ultra 24 hour foundation
i don't need to use cc cream underneath foundation anymore
aside from the bobbi brown cc primer
one of my newly fav primers.
i love this pore corrector anti-aging primer!!
plus it's anti-aging!
bb cream goes on smoothly
alone or with a cc cream
less paste-y than the benefit the porefessional
an anti-aging primer that contains salicylic acid
plus i also really like the fact that it has anti-aging benefits w/the alguronic acid etc
referred to this line by a sephora sa
together with the smashbox cc cream
so many primers are just silicone
other primers, have felt, heavy, greasy - yuck.
i am a very open botox and juvederm patient.
this is not enough spf for me in california
i've tried literally dozens of retinol products overy the last 10-15 years
ance-prone skin break out at all
i call the eye cream my life kit.
dennis gross daily peel pads with this serum
this serum is really nice
this is the only retinol serum my skin can tolerate
i definitely reccommend this serum
your skin cannot h
this serum will change you life
this is the best non-prescription retinol product i have used
5 retinol in the past by a br
it's my go-to serum.
i love this serum
i got the 500 pt algenist set
this is an amazing serum!
i did not mind the serum
i researched a ton of different serums
also the algenist genius vitamin c serum as well
use the algenist genius serum 2x a day
the best serum i've ever used!
is far more effective than the peter thomas roth retinol for night which seemed okay
mostly oily skin in the t-zone
i bout the deluxe sample that came w the firming
i apply this stuff to that area + around my mouth + jawline + fine line in my forehead
this product introduces me to serums.
the best night time serum i've ever used!
since i saw it recommended on dr oz show
even though this serum is expensive
it's an awesome anti-aging serum.
i started using the eye serum
lifting serum being the first
my holy grail skin care from now on
i am so pleased with this serum
this is the only retinol i can use.
i just finished my first complete bottle of this serum
i love this serum.
switched from dr. dennis gross, and i'm pleased.
this product has def given me a lil of my youthful skin back
the more the h
i first tried the retinol firming
lifting serum through their
when the retinol version came out
perfect serum, amazing results.
this is honestly the best treatment serum i have ever used
after applying the retinol serum
ole henrikson truth serum during the day
i love that a firming serum with retinol isn't drying like others i've used
i loved the original algenist serum
the algenist reconstructing serum daytime
used the other algenist reconstructing serum in the daytime
eye serums for the price of the full-size serum
after reading a magazine's article on retinol products
since i tried this serum with the 10 day trial packets
wearing it with ptr cc cream.
my skin is normal, fyi.
this is a holy grail product for me.
i currently use it after my sunday riley good genes serum
previously i was using the belif moisture bomb/aqua bomb
es are pretty amazing
i alternate my night treatments
i like this sleeping facial over the korres wild rode + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
the wild rose + vitamin c is too fragranced
feels ah-maz-ing in the morning
i figured the probiotics in the yogurt can help my over production of yeast
i buy jar after jar esp
while i was on accutane i used this.
i apply it over my serum
whenever my face has r
although i miss the greek yoghurt mask
greek yoghurt is one of my favorite product lines
t's perfect for summer or fl climate
i tried the day greek yougurt cream product
this is a wonder potion
i've used cheap drugstore br
use it over my ester lauder advanced night repair
ful of greek cream facial
i am combination skin
this oil is 99x better than ufo
tried sunday riley u
y its like i have new skin
i love this oil, i'm a believer in oils now!
rub it in my h
much softer with less breakouts after only 3 wks
2 drops in my h
i am oil/combine skin
used natural emu oil on my skin
i've used the josie maran argan oil
facial serum in addition to a generous sample of the lotus oil
its -20c in toronto
purchased the lotus facial oil
oil + oily skin = perfection.
i swear my skin is aging faster than i am.
can't use anything with omega 3's most oil contain omega 3's
living in las vegas my skin needs all the help it can get
i want spf to protect my skin
cannot use chemical sunscreen so since this product uses titanium dioxide i thought i would try it
with the serum foundation it is just right
i am guessing this is caused by the titanium dioxide barrier sunscreen
since i love sub d
i started my search for better moisturizer with perricone md
the photo plasma balances me out
i live in houston
tx which is a pretty humid
ps the texture is to die for
titanium dioxide or zinc oxide
i put it on after my serum
the biting chicago winter elements
i also use perricone md concentrated restorative cream
still protecting it from uv
with non of the tell-tale white caste that's prevalent in titanium dioxide-based sunscreens
this is a product that has the muscle of uva-uvb protection
usually i blot with oil papers after about 20 min
i add a drop of the ardency inn americana
the titanium dioxide gives a subtle highlighting/glow to your face
as with most perricone md products
in living in los angeles
etc i would def invest in the larger jar since 30spf is m
i layer this over cold plasma
while at night i use the caudalie premier cru cream
radiance with perricone photo plasma vs
am still iso a heavy moisturizing
i just purchased my second jar of photo plasma.
i love this serum!
i buy it in paris
the eye creamtres bon produit
the protein based product
at first i used this as a singular serum
amazing serum for people looking to stave off aging
this serum is rich in hyaluronic acid
this truly is the holy grail
i don't use the whole dropper
i decided to try this serum
omg l had a sample from this miracle
use a lighter serum during the day
this serum is amazing
i received a sample of the advanced genifique youth activating serum
this serum is simply amazing.
i applied the serum for months
was a bit skeptical about trying a youth activating serum
the best serum i've ever used
it's a really good serum
i really like this serum
all around a good serum.
ter as my moisturizer
the eye serum from this line is not worth it
just go with the face serum.
i really like this serum
thought i didn't like serums till i used this one
oh my lorddddd this is the holy grail for dry skin
i'd by endless bottles of this liquid gold
it's the best serum out there
this serum literally transformed by skin!
i am south korean
i will be 40 in october
i guess that's incentive to keep using the serum.
the full coverage kat von d everyday girl
elasticity boosted to the max
had nothing to do w/ this serum
as an african american female we sometimes have to deal with textured
this serum is amazing
this serum exceeded my expectations.
i recommend this serum highly
it's the most effective base serum available: it eclipses any serum i have previously used
i love this serum
applying the serum first
oh my god this serum is super amazing.
i never had a serum before
s for the facial cream
n love with the serum i had to
the genfique is a holy grail
i put this magical serum on my face
i cant praise this serum enough
it does it all this serum!
no serum has made me want to switch from this serum
i got this serum as a reward.
i absolutely love this serum
i tried this as a 100 pt
replace my current everyday serum
sk-ii facial treatment essence
tried clinique its ok!
decided to purchase the serum
i found the under eye cream to be "meh"
wasn't impressed with the triple oxygen eye cream
got this oil to save my january-in-canada skin.
i love tata harper!!!!
es the product pretty well
i didn't like that it was a rollerball applicator
i absolutely love this serum
first off: tata harper products do have a strong fresh
then tata harper rejuvenating serum
i think i have just formed a tata harper problem.
i love the olé henrickson vitamin c serum
my skin routine consisted of using the ren aha concentrate followed by this serum daily
the tata harper resurfacing mask may be my favorite product ever
as with the other tata harper products
to ensure i dont use too much i add it to my argan oil by josie maran
linalool or they get it from natural sources
more tata harper into my routine
i am allergic to squalane which is in everything
i currently have mostly been using tata harper products
for the brightening serum
i used this as an allover mask
ts common for me to have burning
i finally found my holy grail product!!
the tata harper resurfacing mask is pure magic!
i used 2 sunday riley oils after
the blue tansy mask by herbivore are the best masks i've ever used
reactive skin at all
ts easy to bring for travel
even resulting to prescription oral
this isn't a large container- 1oz.
minus my few tiny wrinkles haha
this in conjunction with the tata harper purifying mask is like the vip pass to quick
i much prefer ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
*i do love tata harper regenerating cleanser as a sample as well
for reference i'm african american in my late 20s with combination
i tried the other tata products
this mask is some witchcraft.
this mask has become my holy grail mask.
second it's all organic products that i can pronounce
i never use masks
/or use a de-clogging mask
i love tata harper products
no stinging or burning which can be typical with enzyme masks or beta hydroxy peels
l could hardly st
l enjoyed 2 other masks for resurfacing: ren overnight facial
it works great with the regenerating serum.
only with the serum
tata harper proves it
one pump over the serum does the trick
only have approx 8% hydration
you only need a pea size a bottle lasts me 6 mos or so
josie maran argan in the pm
i decided to completely switch to tata harper as a more natural solution
i love the formulation but the pump sucks.
fix the pump please tata!
then i wet my h
the tata harper cleanser is gentle enough to use both evening
i will try some of the other products tata harper has to offer
i like the glass bottle
tata harper 100% falls into that category
first apply to dry skin to activate the enzymes
doesn't strip mu skin
love tata harper skincare!
on my dry face to activate the enzymes
use the tata harper lotion after cleansing
then anti-aging serum
i love this serum.
unfortunately i expect vegan/natural br
this is liquid gold!
especially after a canadian winter
the whole tata harper line is amazing
ling of the delivery persons
tata harper now has the premium spot on my sink.
winters in iowa are harsh
i like the serum, just recently got it.
i loved all of the tata harper face products.
which makes me an nonideal c
i am mature skin in california in my 30s
i started using the rejuvenating serum a few years ago when i switched over to using tata harper for all my skincare
ive been using this serum since the day sephora started selling it
this serum is absolutely heavenly.
i love the ingredients in this serum
this is my most fav tata harper product!
tata harper skincare here!
combined with rosehip seed oil
use a different serum during the day
i started ti notice some lines on my forehead.
this really is a lovely serum
i love the tata harper skincare line.
this serum packs a powerful kick to your anti aging regime
possibly owing to the shea
this antiaging face serum lives up to its claims.
i love this serum and all of th products.
acts more like a face cream than a serum to me
my skin changed once i used the tata harper line.
i love tata harper products
the research behind tata harper products is solid
today i ordered new tata harper products
as with all of tata harper products this has a strong scent
this serum is vegan
tata harper's packaging is beautiful.
it's more creamy than "serum"
this serum is my favorite.
e as easily as some other serums i've tried
i continue to be wowed by tata harper products!
over the tata harper toner
the elusive 'well-rested' effect is achieved with this miraculous serum
healthy after only 1 week of this serum
makes u break out because of unnatural ingredients?
smells herbal vs manufactured
i'd compare the results to my results with algenisit's serum
as far as the serum
like many tata harper products
this serum has sodium hyaluronate that allows provides fantastic moisture for sensitive skin types
is chocked full of antioxidants that help fight free radicals which lead to aging
1st i start the coffee
are ready for my ginseng eye cream
makeup routine directly after a small dose of caffeine
f you are super sensitive
as well as other serums by other br
i roll this on my temples
rew weil has a md from harvard
origins is my prime skin care br
when compared to my kate somerville goat milk creme
i love this facewash.
it's my holy grail!!!
super oily t-zone
when paired with dr
oil slick t-zone
lather it in my h
don't want to wear a bb cream
a little oily in the t-zone
no miracle anti-aging
three drops in the h
a discovery was made of alguronic acid
heals single cell organisms from the deleterious effects of uv radiation
top it with genius cream
hg status in my routine.
it's a holy grail product to me.
the only one that didn't do this was the perricone vitamin c ester
it's much lighter than even "light" argon oil
im on my 3rd bottle
my bottle looks br
s of dollars on cremes
for years i used josie maran argan oil
under murads hydro-dynamic cream
i put my oils on over serum
5 ounce sizes of jm's light argan oil
ole henricksen's vitamin c oil
i actually prefer this over the josie maran argan oil
the dropper is perfect
retinol serum to counteract any drying effects
at 26 i'm not in the market for an $80 anti-aging serum
sulfur and acids didn't do a thing.
i highly recomend this oil for dry
i switched out the c serum for this oil
because i live in boston
i saw the oils
it adds moisture w/o felling heavy
serums on the market
the dropper is genius
this line actually works on the elastin
i love this serum
this is the best serum i've used.
make sure you apply the serum with clean h
i always wash my h
the serum is targeted for anti-aging
this is my holy grail serum
now i start to use the third bottom of 50ml.
this serum really makes a difference.
this serum is perfect for all skin types!
i love all estee lauder anti-aging skin care products
ful of qualifying bests for serums with benefits all around
an oily t zone
this is the best serum you'll ever have.
used it over a vitamin c serum
i am obsessed with this serum.
my friend recommended this serum
i tried so many other serum
this serum is amazing!
which includes applying a vitamin c brightener
occasional breakouts in my t-zone
i've tried a lot of different serums from various br
this serum is amazing.
this serum is amazing.
this is my new holy grail skin care product!
i recommend this serum to all my friends!
i love the eye gel as well!
overall i love this serum
the adr saved my skin!
this is the best serum hands down.
this is the only serum that i see results with.
this serum really works wonders!
maybe it's this serum
this is single h
edly the absolute best serum moisturizer on the market
this is my favorite miracle serum.
followed by this serum then josie maran argan oil on top
it's not fragrance per se
im 27 and i'm starting to take care of my skin!!
then proceed with my other serums
this serum is on of them
i can't believe i can get that dewy look from a serum
so of course this becomes my most trusty serum!
all good things happening b/c of this little brown bottle
i believe this serum sort of digests acne bacteria
i absolutely love this serum
but, girls, it's serum.
for most type of serum
have added verso day
im 28 and love skin care.
i also used it in conjunction with a skin inc.
i started using this serum day
this serum is the best.
best serum i've ever used.
is the holy grail of serums
dennis gross ferulic acid + retinol solution
i really love this serum
the name of this serum really suits it well
the anr serum was the first i ever tried
then apply the lancome tonique confort
before applying this serum
wher i recently saw an enlarge pore
i really like this serum
i live in miami
smooth after applying this serum
i kind of associated el as an older woman's make up line
elasticity- all which contri
i feel terrible for the peoples who's pores are not minimized by this product bc mine sure have which is great bc countless high end serums
u cud see the large pores through my foundation
honestly i like idealist serum in general
this serum is truly one of the best
within 45 mins to an hour my skin is super greasy
along with the el advanced night repair serum
it was likely hormone-based
ive tried a zillion moisturizers
along with the serum
spf 25 is an amazing plus
particularly the lancome 24 hr foundation
i got oily t-zone
it gives you a natural glowing wich it
my only complaint is the packaging which exposes the antioxidants to oxygen
i also use it with el advanced night repair
this product is dope!!
thanks to this night creme
this under eye serum
spf least 20 or 25 in it.
i ordered big sz for saving $$.
i like this oil.
i also use the estee lauder night repair serum which is phinomenal
i love this eye serum.
i just started using eye serum this year.
i started using this since nov 2015.
this serum last forever.
i love this serum.
i liked this serum
thinking it was just another serum
5 oz actually lasts a long time
i love this serum.
after the serum was absorbed in
this eye gel is my holy grail.
its a bit pricey for a 15ml eye serum thus i dont buy this often
advanced night repair serum
i switched to another dept store br
the estée lauder advanced time zone serum
i live in arizona
i just purchased the 120ml
i also love the dropper
discovered an excelent product
s thru ends of hair
love the jm pure argan oil light- use it daily in the mornings to dilute
mix with my cc cream
after, i apply the argon oil, both night and day.
i love this light weight oil!
i like using this as a serum before bed
jm is the best... amazing oil.
i even resorted to a drug store br
my new holy grail
5 oz which i received in a jm kit
it transforms ur makeup into look natural
i currently use caudalie polyphenol c15 overnight detox oil at night
pair it with a becca ever-matte poreless priming perfector
i looooooove this oil.
this is my holy grail
the bio rentinoid anti-aging cream is light
canadian winters can be dry
ren v-cense revitalizing night cream
the ren anti-wrinkle concentrate oil
@samanthabird this usually is referred to as british english
light enough for florida
don't forget your spf as it contains retinol
dennis gross' vitamin c serum
this is my 3rd ren purchase
i supplement that with dr
this cream by ren is an absolute st
i layer it sometimes with another peptide serum
this is a dope cream.
ren bio retinoid is nourishing
i love this anti-aging cream.
i love this micellar
ing all of the great changes to xy or z new product
so easy to use w/a cotton square
i read about micellar water's benefits in oprah magazine
etc from my eye are to cleanse my eyelash extensions
no harsh alcohols and dyes!
s of micellar water out there
including the kat von d's tattoo liner
oval shape from wal-mart
it even removes the kat von d waterproof ink liner
38 oz bottle for a little over a month
of micellar water i have tried
rew-weil-for-origins version on micellar water
try caudalie's divine oil as well
my makeup routine consists of bb cream
apparently has some lipid
love this micellar water
i love the caudalie skin care products
i used another br
or if ido a mask i use this to get off those stubborn parts by hairline etc def a staple in my routine
rose mask from this br
makes skin dewy and soft - i will rebuy.
the most i spent on a mask was the bliss oxygen
i used this honey mask
i could use my normal serum
grabbed my cheeks dem
gotta love the antibacterial properties of honey
this is the br
i will say i have an oily t-zone
t is more sanitary
i prefer the gel form
i originally saw this product at my gr
especially my t-zone
i cannot describe it
i mix some oil serum in it if i want a boost of hydration
ive recently developped a sensitity to products containing dimethicone
i even tried the clinique ddm cream
ing on this product
shiseido benefiance wrinkleresist24 intensive eye contour cream wich is wonderfully rich
also with it being so dry in denver
flakey around my t-zone
if your a big serum/essence user
i exchanged this for tidal by sunday riley
i usually use the origins ginseng in the summer
reasonably priced for a japanese product.
very liquid-y when it first goes on
i will take the one with fps in it
i wear it under bb creams and foundations.
i am 32 with combination skin
i do used the japanese regime of layering products
semi-oily t-zone
for me it is perfect under my bb cream
t won't quench super dry
asian skincare products are where it's at ladies.
a bit oily in t-zone
ts a great face cream for under makeup
lancome energie de vie is on my list to try next
super oily t zone
i am combo/oily
i can wear a lightweight bb cream
my hg for life!!
le 90 seconds of extreme discomfort
namely dr dennis gross' all over blemish solution
gross's extra strength alpha beta peels
dennis gross alpha beta peels
i've used the alpha hydroxy peel for some time for glow
when i found dr
when i travel i instead bring the extra strength alpha beta peels
it os so worth it
i am using this product in combination with dr
my pimples dried out te first day
i'd used the alpha beta pads
i didn't feel they even came close to the effectiveness of dr dennis gross'
on goes my serum
sulfur mask/primer/spot treatment
i love you dr dennis gross
i also combine these with dr
i did this every night with the sulfur mask
a nice day/night cream to dont put mor fat
i've had 3 courses of accutane treatment
dennis gross alpha beta daily peel pads for months
but it works soo well!
ps i would definitely recommend using a moisturizer with spf after using this product
follow with a topical antibiotic
just like a classic medicated pad
other times i use an exfoliator from amore pacific
used diff prouducts even tried birth control
before using any of the dr gross products
i love the normal dr gross facial peel pads
nettoyant à utiliser le matin en se levant
juste avant le maquillage
ma peau est matte toute la journée!
i decided to use the moisture mask as a h
i think i'm going to try the hydrating serum once my la mer serum runs out
i love this serum.
the process w/ the hot muslin cloth
breakouts i got from that st ives apricot scrub
it's almost like using shea
ter with added vitamins
hg product for me!
with the exception of a pms breakout
for years i used philosophy's purity and love it.
recommend using with the muslin cloth vs
my first holy grail product ever.
shoutout to hg good genes
it is super compatible with my skin bc after use
firstly, a muslin cloth is included in the box.
my skin actually drinks in my night serum.
spf45 bb/cc creams without leaving any residue or drying out my skin
this cleanser + dr
dennis gross alpha beta peels is clearing up cystic acne i've had since i was 11
i ordered extra muslin cloths separately
i believe i found my hg product.
waterproof liner doesn't st
i did purchase the eve lom muslin cloths
have recently added vitamin c
muslin to approximate a mini-facial
it's my holy grail balm
glory makes a good vitamin c cleanser that also doesn't dry out my skin
because of the mineral oil ingredient
i used this cleaner with the cloth from this br
expensive to find in the usa
skincare guru lisa eldridge did a great video where she tries to dispel some of the common myths about mineral oil
then i massage the el clensing balm for at least 10 minutes
i discovered this product at a spa in london.
this is a very hygienic product because its a tube i was originally using the dip a cotton q-tip style watery acne treatment
i already use prescription retin-a
let it dry for 15 min
this mask cleanses ou most of the whiteheads
6 oz one more because i don't have to stir the mask
this one really works in 15 min
i used the mask weekly
i topped it off with the kay burki vitamin c cream
my serums etc go on flawlessly.
love this as much as the other el cleanser
ive used oils to clean my face in the past
first thing it has enzymes
living in dry colorado with dry skin
thx kimmi chu, beauty guru
i read somewhere that it is marketed as having spf in the eu
om dry patches around my forehead
retinol sluices off the dead skin cells
i read it has spf 15 .
i'll pair it with the verso serum
contains a supercharged version of retinol
this is the first retinol cream i can h
le the serum plus this cream
i decided to try the verso line
nothing is going to be as good as rx retinoids
i am using the super facial serum followed by the night cream
like any retinol product
also, these products smell ah-maz-ing.
bello moi night time rescue repair
i do like the peptides in bello moi night time.
it smells like french products
needed to "amp" up my night cream
in comes verso night cream
along with the eye serum
sometimes the face serum
in the morning use skin ceuticals ce ferulic serum after cleansing
this is the first serum with a retinol that i've been able to use without a reaction
i ordered the eye serum
i decided to try the verso line
nothing is going to be as good as rx retinoids
i am using the super facial serum followed by the night cream
like any retinol product
also, these products smell ah-maz-ing.
verso serum works significantly better
i adore the whole verso skincare line
i recently ran out of the serum
i highly recommend the serum!
i love the rich texture of the serum which is not at all typical
i began using the verso serum quite recently
at about a 3rd of the price of creme de la mer's serum
i balked at the price-it's just a retinol
this serum is amazing!
verso is changing my skin for the better.
this is the best eye serum i've ever used/bought
then came long verso super eye serum
i like the retinol based formula.
im guessing it was my skin getting used to the retinol
when i started using this serum
i started using verso super eye serum
retinol triple correction eye serum
then just before bed i use my verso.
i been using verso super eye serum for about 2 months
after receiving samples of the algenist power advanced wrinkle fighter serum i been r
adding verso super serum on top before bed
might keep using this verso eye serum
so i tried verso.
has been nearly annhililated by the retinol in the verso eye serum
i follow with my normal lmb eye creme.
liked the reviews i saw for this verso eye serum
i received a sample of the verso face serum
com was out of the face serum on it's own
i say as luck would have it because i love the eye serum as much as the facial serum
i read somewhere you can use eye serum
i love this serum .
ole henriksen ultimate life eye gel at night
i dont get puffy
ts a sort of all in one
this really is a "super" serum!!!
every eye serum out there
it's the only serum i've ever seen results with
f you need hydration
due to nature of this retinol
i am trying the facial serum next based on my results with the eye serum
this serum is the best i've tried
am excited to try other verso products
have used this serum for about a week in conjunction with my clarisonic opal
i decided to mix the eye serum with my current eye cream
i started with 25% serum
my goal to to apply this serum undiluted within a few weeks
this product is a serum
serums are only 1/2 ounce
love the high spf
it mixes well with my illuminator
the oat peptide complex is not very high in the ingredient list
i feel the formula could be strengthened by the addition of antioxidants like vitamin c
i don't use the applicator
used this in mexico on vacation
i love that its paraben free
after a basel cell diagnosis
the applicator is genius
just switched to supergoop from murad's essential-c
the shiseido white lucent serum
i started looking like the late michael jackson.
then i found the clinique dark spot corrector which works great
i gently pat it on over the serum
btw i have a nasty case of hyper pigmentation
appearance of my skin has al
this is my first serum
max complexion correction pads
aha/bha acne gel
i recommend ptr acne products
dennis gross extra strength peel
the ptr complexion correction pads
i checked the ingredients
i previously used murad dark spot corrector
3 on different parts of my h
i swear to the gods of beauty
this serum is really one of the best!
this product os not just for post menopausal women
women of all ages have fluctuating hormone levels
make sure to use a good murad serum beforeh
so happy w/ the night cream that i recently branched out w/ the day cream
can use a stronger retinol product
f i can notice
since my dermatologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i am now on my 3rd tube of this cleanser
the texture of my skin has al
soooo gentle and leaves my skin soo refreshed
i dont use cheap products on my skin
just switching to this br
due to some residual kp
i am a 33 year old latina with combination oily/normal skin
i tried this with the resurgence serum
i definately have hormonal skin
it's in cream form
store would no longer be carrying skynn cel
my trusty clarisonic as well an occasional sulfur mask
the age diffusing serum
then oily in the t zone area
tendency towards oiliness in the t-zone
i love this facewash!
the age diffusing serum
i am using the serum
sheer luster day cream al
it totally de-reds
i normally perform glycolic or double layered glycolic m
i paired it with the ren evercalm day protection cream
plus it looks like lime jello
peter thomas roth masks are now the only ones i will use
i did original get the peter thomas roth ultimate anti-aging must haves with 500 points as i have tried the whole set
seals in any night serum i may have on
i will always keep a jar on h
omg i swear this is like an orgasm on your face!!
then the anti aging gel
peter thomas roth has amazing products
this mask is magic.
this mask feels like you're spreading aloe vera all over your face
i like to use this mask after washing with peter thomas roth's anti-aging cleansing gel
my super oily skin gets seriously dry between december
i cant say its my favorite peter thomas roth mask
i like this mask.
apply it under ur eyes for some cooling cucumber effect :
i originally tried this in the mini mask magic kit
the pumpkin enzyme mask
i leave it on for 30 min
i love to use this mask after my ole henriksen power peel
i received a mini jar of this product in the peter thomas roth rewards kit
it also comes in h
i found this product bc the sales rep for dr
i also use clarasonic mia.
ard price for this size
thank you dr.gross and sephora!
gross alpha beta peel
dennis gross vitamin c serum
i started using this cleanser after i had a good experience with the alpha beta peel
along with the dr
i love the dilo oil
with caudalie grape water just prior to applying
i just use a very simple drug store br
i like the dropper.
neither oil is a st
i exfoliate, then apply dilo, then i use korres.
cold climate in montana
this is my hg product
follow with ks moisturizer
my origins night-a-mins facial moisturizer
i tried the josie maran argan oil
this oil os not greasy.
i previously tried the josie maran and nude oils.
i found the jm too greasy
research on dilo oil
however dilo oil is just superb
no parabens in this kate sommerville product .
it's worth smelling like your gr
ma's corsage to keep from looking like gr
this oil rivals the natural br
i absolutely love kate somerville's dilo oil.
this 50ml tube will last me a long time!
i always keep a tube h
this is a great, multifunctional cream.
an oily t zone
s with the cream
i only need one h
s to higher end br
s such as chanel
mixed the serum in my regular skin care regimen
i used the liquid
i usually mixed with serum.
dr jart is the most amazing skincare line
other than sunday riley
i am allergic to most products
please change this dr. jart!
i layer under the dr
i much prefer the dr jart ceramidin liquid
in minnesota winters my skin gets so dry.
ranging from drug store br
i really love using it at night after cleansing my face to reopen usb hydration
just stocked up with the vib rouge sale
i moved to las vegas from miami
the gold bb cream
including onto your h
use the cream alone for my h
i started using this at the same time as the ren glycol lactic radiance mask
i also bought the tarte sea foundation
i battle with super dry skin
under my murad essentail-c spf 30
only complaint: i don't love the metal tube
i originally tried this cream as one of the 100pt rewards
when i use the bb by itself
i alternate between using a combo of ceramidin cream with ceramidin liquid
i also use the dr jart moisture mask over it.
discovered that any oily t-zone
cream all from dr
i put it over my josie maran argan oil to see exceptional soft
since i started using dr
in the winter, i love this as a serum.
i love the non greasy serum texture
love all the dr jart products i've tried!
this serum is a great complement to the cream
found my new forever serum!
quenching for your skin
i started using this serum as part of my multi step skin care regimen
even my brow wiz applies 100x smoother
i also was using the dr
clinical or apothecary type labeling is cute
even in ny winters
i will never switch to another serum and cream!
put this serum on first
when i started using this with the dr
in az it is very dry plus i'm over 60.
also started taking a b vitamin supplement
the heat of 100+ temps
i mix the two together in my h
im such a huge fan of all dr
discovered that any oily t-zone
i get that it has the texture of a serum
like serum type of texture
i went to the collins sephora
t doesn't have a lot of "active" ingredients
ts a great way for me to add extra moisture
this liquid/serum + cream combo has honestly saved my skin
thank you dr.jart for my holy grail!!
luckily i live in korea
plumped when i use this serum
this is jesus in a bottle
i used the may coop raw sauce
this is my go-to serum now.
my skin has gotten super dry in the canadian winter
lately because of postnatal hormones
i got this product as a skin iq recommendation
its soo light weight
almost reminds me of some korean essence/toner in terms of texture
it beats any other serum i've ever tried.
it is a great serum.
i love dr. jart products.
i love this liquid.
ceramide does wonders for my skin.
i love dr jarts' ceramidin line.
i also use it with the dr jart+ bb creams
all the soothing benifits
korea has an enormous
in wintertime i combined it the dr
improves my liquid foundation or bb creams
the texture of this product is very liquid-y
it smells like my gr
pm it is liquid y
the ny winter had made my skin so dry
that not even my la mer cream helped
you do need to use an spf because of the alpha-hydroxys
def works with this winter weather
i've layered this under dr jart cream
it is great as a h
you need this serum
reality is you get 5oz so for an incredible serum
def try this product!!
this is the best serum i have ever used
my t-zone is oily
love love this serum.
i highly recommend all of the dr. jart+ products!
oily on my t-zone
i want a product that contains no parabens or petroleum [like the muck my gp prescribed] that actually works
this works as a booster serum
looks much better when i use this booster serum
i used with the wrinkle warrior
this is my holy grail
i hate that is costs $90 for 1.7 oz!
which is also $85 for 1 oz
thank you ks, your products rock my socks!
although i should note that i also used a serum
most recently quench also by ks
j'utilise cette crème depuis 2 mois et je suis très satisfaite
ma peau était déshydratée et après 3 semaines d'utilisation
ma peau était vraiment belle et douce
j'utilisais avant bliss triple oxygen mais elle ne répondait plus à mes besoins
cette crème est dispendieuse mais je vais en racheter
i got this cream in the middle of january
especially in this cold chicago weather
i've always been very selective about purchasing ks products because i find other br
although i have just started using this cream i love the thickness of it
no parabens in this kate somervile product.
i wont by them if they contain parabens
works well with a luna
i went multiple drug br
which i got in a 30 ml
i usually get r
my l'occittane shea cleansing oil are both ride or die
i've kept using through february
this lacks salicylic acid
i do miss the kind of minty tingle that salicylic acid/alpha hydroxy cleansers give
rather balance my skin vs
i received the clarisonic mia 2
this stuff is my holy grail
this is def a winner!
i follow it up with dr
currently i use the sephora collection age defy serum at night between the softener
using a dot the size of a pea froths up to an entire h
i def recommend the cleanser
fyi, i have sensitive and combination skin.
i cannot wait to try this cleanser with my foreo luna
my old peter thomas roth face wash wasn't cutting it anymore
i've seen far less breakouts since using te product
i love this facewash!!
n order to achieve the moisture i wanted
it pairs well with the laura mercier foundation primer
giorgi armani lasting silk foundation
the lm primer has improved my skin so much
i am oily in my t-zone
soap-y for some people
now my face is more marble than swiss!
i always trust japanese brands.
when i'm using this moisturizer vs others
ter face some might say
i don't need to use a serum
rich lux cream for day & night!
i am half asian
shiseido is used a lot by japanese
foundation or bb cream
i wear a korean bb cream every day with 30 spf
ed to either item or to both
i love the consistency of the creme
the harsh maine winters
another big hug to dr. brandt.
i like some of the other dr
so when they discontinued the r3p cream for face
was suggested dr br
i also bought the serum collagen generator in a blue pump bottle
i can tell that this is the best for my 44 y.o.
my linea have softened a bir.
this is replacing my $155.00 - 1 oz.
the results with d.n.a.
i started out buying the dna serum one month
i found that the new dna cream is lighter not greasy
absorbs faster than the richer r3p cream
i love how my dry skin feels once i apply it over the pearl serum
i wish all of the dna products could be purchased together in a kit
t because there are no parabens
i cannot wait to purchase the serum which looks so beautiful in the stores with these pearls inside
dr brandt you have out done yourself!
my next splurge will be the pearl serum!
t retinol eye serum applied only at night
have no problems with d.n.a.
i decided to try lancome high resolution refill ix
brant triple peptide eye cream
the eye cream id by far my favorite
t triple peptide eye cream online when i was searching for the best eye cream for fine lines
i can say ive found the perfect eye cream!
omg favorite eye cream every
there is dna triple peptide eye cream
3rd" seat function to the overall product that moisturizes
the dna cream has noticeably reduced the fine lines
the dna cream is the best 'silver bullet' i've found for keeping the area firm
will buy the dna serum
i love that it's an orbital eye cream
this is my first dr. brandt product.
can't have too many peptides
this is the first time using a dr
t's flaws no more r3p cream
b's r3p eye cream
get the daily moisturizing cream from dr br
b/c my fine lines
i usually don't like eye creams b/c i have very sensative eyes
after using dr br
t triple peptide eye cream for less than one week
i do apply this before the dr
t time reversing cream
the best serum i have ever used other than the dr
i am on day 3 of using this serum .
i love the transforming pearl serum.
after i read that madonna loves this serum i though i would try it
thanks for making my life more simple dr. brandt!
search for an anti-aging serum
on my 3rd bottle of the pearl serum.
this serum is ah-mazing.
the serum itself is very light-weight
definitely recommend this serum!
this serum is amazing!
my breakouts have decreased a lo
i recommend as an anti ager.
i wear this during the day with the ole henriksen truth serum
i like this combo
so this one by dr. brandt rates a wow.
in the morning l use a serum first
at night i use my serum
after a few glasses of wine
i put it over my retinol or peptides at night
hydrates like no one buisiness
love this oil...i use it with the serum.
i wouldn't use any other gel like substance
except the wrinkle reducer of course
i got the jurlique herbal recovery advanced serum as a sample
after using herbal recovery advanced serum for a couple of weeks
i decided to look for another serum from this br
'm positive it was this serum instead
it's more like a thicker serum
holy grail eye cream!
i love that even though this is sulfate-free
i follow up with beauty water then a light serum
it removes my kat von d makeup which is heavy
i like the consistency of the oil-gel
com/2016/02/29/boscia-tsubaki-cleansing-oil-gel/
i live in montreal canada
ole henriksen herbal day cream in the morning
ard combo: very oily in the t-zone with a tendency for dry
as it's gel-based
i'd breakout from all sorts of r
btw i have combo-oily skin.
so tight feeling w the cleanser i currently use
t cleanser got discontinued
the chinese letter on the bottle is actually the name of that veggie
in december i discovered boscia's makeup breakup oil
this is definitely holy grail!
defo holy grail product for me.
ed their anti aging line
about 5 minutes after applying this i then use my argon oil
i live in northern alberta.
feel itchy in a r
om part of my face
i used my rouge 15% off
like edward from twilight
b/c when my skin is at it's driest
plumping benefits within 5 mins of use
b/c as a sleep mask
ing as a daily moisturizer
despite the florida humidity
i typically cannot st
to doctor rx w no luck
s of little moisture fairies l
t seems it helps with elasticity
this dosent make my t-zone oily
my hg night cream used to be the classic embryolisse stuff
!%f0%9f%99%86%f0%9f%99%86%f0%9f%99%86
i love estee lauder skin care products
this is my first el cream ever
leaves a texture similar to bobbi brown's vitamin enriched face base which i have as well
this is the holy grail.
when i used it at night i added a few drops of josie maran argon oil
thicker than other el moisturizers
it has brightening pigments in it which i can see when i swatch this on my h
i tried the sheido creme
ps: bobbi brown corrector + concealer + finishing powder is awesome
i first noticed a week ago when i was only having y o use half the concealer i usually use
being of an italian/spanish decent
i cancelled my next botox appt
e to the oiliness of my lids
this is a god send for wrinkles
i work 3rd shift in an er
this mega bright eye cream which is part of the dr weil line of origins is thick
rew weil's serum at first
my skin reacts extremely well to the dr
i also love the dr
i sometime use argon oil underneath it.
of course i turned to dr
apply light argan oil
two power anti-agers
i still have an oily t-zone
le the dehydration my skin suffers from living at alpine altitudes
picked up the alpha-beta peel pads
i recently purchased dr
i applied this al
using kate somerville dilo oil in the mornings
also tried the dr
t vitamin c ester 15 which did not work as rapidly as this
combination skin with an oily t-zone
anti-aging night cream
first impressions of this cream dem
in the last year alone i've tried la mer
i applied the algenist power pressed serum
tery whipped cream consistency i use this over the power wrinkle serum
with the power serum
my skin is oily in the t zone
i don't know what kind of magical micro algae these biochemists discovered or are cultivating
i started off using the algenist genius ultimate anti-aging vitamin c+ serum
i did buy their serum
scales under my bb cream
what time does sean connery arrive at wimbledon?
enter the genius cream
f you're on the fence
it rocks, nuff said.
ma peau est souple, éclatante, lumineuse, douce.
j'ai acheté le serum mais ne l'ai pas encore essayé puisque je terminais le sérum dior
j'ai hâte de voir l'effet que les 2 produits combinés fera
over their retinol serum
feels rich th en absorbs in.
the genius ultimate anti-aging vitamin c+ serum
i don't need eye crème when i use it
i went to sephora to find a comparable product to orogold's 24k crème
wanting it to w the algenist firming
lifting cream than it did w this genius cream
lifting instead of continuing w this genuis cream
i call it my magic eraser.
every cream on the market from lancôme to la mer
dr. perricone products have nothing on this.
this mask from fab
first aid beauty as a br
i will finish using the tube
i got a tip to only use it in my trouble zones w/acne
i am african american
chin with a oily t-zone
i can after i use this mask
fo reference i have true combination skin.
new holy grail mask.
purified after each use
i love this mask and use it 1-2x a week.
b that i now swear by
this is the best mask i have ever used h
it really has helped w/my breakouts
the "shrinkage" of my poors
i am also using a retin-a cream for a different issue
phthalate free mask promised instant results like a professional treatment
with the marching b
je n'ai pas eu de poussée d'acné depuis que je l'utilise
im using the face wash
this was my first f.a.b.
btw i have combination skin
ive tried several moisturizer
since im oily skin y read the review
since im all about the ingredients
my skin is super-combo
i received this face cleanser in my july play box
due to the sodium laureth sulfate
i could definitely tell the difference when i switched to a vitamin c oil to save $
pair this with the korres wild rose sauvage
i used the serum as well
i swear by this mask
you wash it off after 10 min
i also use the cc cream during the day for light coverage
i also recommend the serum
i alternate every couple of days use with the peter thomas roth retinal night serum since i have oily skin
all the treatments i started using from ptr
i hyper pigment a lot
95% of the other ptr products i have tried
will brighten your complexion due to the high vitamin c it contains
use ole henriksen's vitamin c serum
i swear by this product.
i love vitamin c serums
i usually buy the c e ferulic 20% by timeless
been using with murad serum for spot
after going to a korean aesthetician for a facial
one of the best ptr products
thank you p.t.r!
i also love that it's chock full of vitamin c
what did i expect when it's a vitamin c mask
once the temp drops to -20 degrees celsius
thursdays right after my wei golden root mud mask
i now a staple in my regimen
i don't know about it working on collagen
it feels great and vitamin c packed.
i also use this in conjunction with the sulfur acne mask by ptr
thanks ptr sulfur mask
i looove this mask.
c cream to help their skin along.
check out the dr jart one
ive never tried ptr befor
ive used ptr products before
vitamin c sleeping facial stuff
the vitamin c is even more concentrated
usually anything with vitamin c irritates my skin
it is worth your money if you know that your skin responds well to vitamin c infused products
that's the power and beauty of vitamin c.
it wasn't a const issue for me
well, then i found photodynamic by dermadoctor.
combined with my natura bisse spf50
i need to be consistant 100%
beacuse of the black tea, there is caffeine.
i am using this in combination with an eye serum.
i also use on my lips bc of the lines
first eye cream ive tried that does that.
on the other h
i just purchased the serum
i used the mini jar
it def helps to firm the under eye
i used many br
lines thanks to my genetics
ive used them all
now ive found my holy grail eye cream
this is my 3rd or 4th bottle of the suff
this is my new holy grail
i only use it at night as my serum
if i could make a milk bath a la cleopatra with this product i certainly would
the "milk" is actually an emulsion
really love this serum
i am so happy that i discovered josie maran pure argan milk
i finally tried the $20 bottle of argan milk
in my t zone i am normal/oily.
i apply the pure argan milk
followed by 100% argan oil
used it on my h
nothing stoped my flaky skin
i got the organ milk as a sample
as well as my h
i love this serum.
especially wonderful when i used it with the peter thomas roth rose stem cell bio-repair gel mask
i don't like the packaging tho.
this is my all time favorite serum
i just started using ptr retinol pm
then i use the 100% argan oil
then i'm back to the argan milk
i love argan oil
i only used this as a night serum
i received my first impression of the pure argon milk as a sample when i ordered other products from sephora
highly recommend the argan milk/argan light combo
i don't love the dropper
bought it online later with some tatcha enzyme wash
gor it once but.
this product is my holy grail for dryness.
a normal to oily t-zone
one minuet i am really dry
for living in dry alberta
it is the best hydrating mask ive ever tried.
then follow up with josie maran argan oil
along with bi-weekly applications of gg's youth mud mask
i don't worry when use i use my gg masks.
amazing hydration for canadian winters!
i no longer have any "cake-y" foundation look
24 oz container since mid-october
dry skin humans rejoice.
my skin has dry patches from a bad experience with r f
i just rub it in after 20 min.
def didn't have a problem with
except for the premier cru oil
i also use their serum
i wrote a similar review for the cru elixir
still worked beautifully in the humid 95f southeast asia
la crème riche is everything i would hope for in a moisturizer
i am on my second bottle of the caudal elixir
i previously used the premier cru lotion
i also use this in 100+ degree temps during the summer
i am very knowledgeable about skincare b/c i have very temperamental skin
use a topical rx for acne
i put this on at night over the rx
sometimes the original premiere le cru face cream
i changed over to riche
i cut the riche creme with my serum for smoother application at night
with the crème formulae breaking out
i like it better than la mer
i honetly don't see much of a difference with the cru cream
i alternate btwn that
i used the caudalie premier cru the cream for a while last year until i began using amore pacific
like the original cream
the creme riche appears to reduce the visibility of wrinkles
which amore pacific did
have been using the creme riche everywhere except my nose where i am still using amore pacific
i just mixed this with a few drops of my night serum
warm in between your h
i've used it before putting on a serum
i've put it in after my serum
works well under my bb cream
doesn't pill for me
toning your face with caudal ie products
f you apply it over other products
my undereye looks crepe-y after about 30 minutes
on days that i don't i generally will use a color corrector
the light reflecting properties of zinc oxide actually helped with appearance of dark circles
tend to stick to well known br
isn't available in australia though where the sun is strong
unlike the ole henriksen eye cream i tried
sunscreen is the scientifically proven ant-aging product
for the eyes i use bi facial from lancôme
i tried switching to a cheaper br
then follow with ren
i primarily use this mornings with shiseido facial cotton as i prefer to use peter thomas roth's camu camu in the evening
using the ren rosa water to remove my other makeup
with my ren cleanser
when i got to my ud eyeliner
my prob is always the mascara
i wouldn't recommend this as a st
i like the purple packages of clinique cleansing line
i like the pump
i pump maybe 2-3 pumps of this in my h
i love the balm version of this
the balm stays in your h
bc a lot of my make up is waterproof
kat von d lock it in foundation
i am on accutane
s en route to putting it on my face
i put a few pumps on my h
nothing a little moisturizer wouldnt h
ab reddit users would know what i'm referring to
t's hygenic whereas my coconut oil
ing how to use this product
the concealer that i se tend to crease
i've used it in conjunction with laura mercier's mineral foundation
kat von d's rehab primer
i switched to this cream from the one with with spf
tried a sample in hk
i wear primer, bb & finishing powder.
however i can't st
55$ in usa and 69$ in canada....
super base product- over faux tan, e.g.
was a great base for my {sephora} cc cream
sometimes my skin is greaser
the la base is unscented
when compared to the la base primer
so does the la base
i've always been a fan of smashbox primers
i absolutely love ren v-cense day cream.
i love ren moisturizers!
es the exact amount of product needed for my face
because ren is a clean br
l'odeur est moyenne mais cette crème hydrate vraiment bien ma peau
not too heavy for houston humidity.
apply before using my m
i much prefer the cream version
i like to mix it with a couple of drops of argan oil
this one is def
i don´t know id aniaging tho
i will add this mask to my collection of hg masks
i don't recommend leaving on the dil 10 minutes
perricone md chloro plasma will definitely purchase again
leave on for 10 min
i feel it helps w/ crows feet
the chloro plasma mask intrigued me when it first came out
the texture of my skin al
my face is smooth like a babys
love his acyl-gluathione eye lid serum.
reference: i have dry combo skin.
keep on for 10 min
chloro plasma does a great job
bought the science of plasma kit
i applied this before my nighttime serum
chloro plasma doesn't burn like glamglow does.
overall chloro plasma performs so much better.
def recommend this mask!
thank you for my chloro plasma!
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma is far superior
i tried several different moisturizers by sunday riley
as it's important to have added protection against uv rays
previously i've been a user of origins a perfect world antioxidant moisturizer
i like the origins formulas
rew weil has a md from harvard
i also started using the caudalie vinoperfect radiance serum at the same time as this product
oily in my t-zone
the first aid beauty redness reducer serum
or i mix with with another serum
this serum has literally changed my skin!
i continue use a low-dose benzoil peroxide to keep new breakouts at bay
i love this serum.
bought it because i have been using dr gross retinoid eye serum for a maybe 9 months
i normally use la mer products from start to finish
so this is the first product that i have purchased out of years of la mer obsession
i mix it in with my dior hydralife bb cream daily
dennis gross alpha beta wipes every other day
that's only because i don't want to dilute the pigment of my cc cream or foundation
now i put it on after i use clinique all about eyes rollerball depuffer
to have the right résultats you need to correctly hydrate the undereye area
either tarte'a bb cream or becca's eye brightener
doesn't rub or pill when i place product over it
i am a rn that works call
just purchase my 2nd tube
i love the applicator
the stainless steel applicator is amazing!
in the fair/med shade
i personally don't use the metal applicator
i dont have dark circles
new holy grail for sure!
it might be the placebo effect
i wear a bb cream
first aid beauty's aka fab
i've used several other br
i love how this product color corrects
i set it with my banana powder from the anastasia contour kit
applying this 40 mins before i shower
i like this mask.
effective exfoliation w/o drying or irritating your skin
follow this up with some serum
5 mins is all you need.
i do the mask 2-3x a week.
i will def keep using this
i am a big believer in algae
this is my holy grail mask
i leave it on for 20 min
from expensive to local drug store br
my skin is v soft
get 2 samples i know u will love it acne prone oily skin ppl lol
minus the harsh chemical feeling
i've tested under chanel liquid foundation
benzoyl peroxide plus the "amazing" canadian winter totally dried out my skin
i put this serum on
i apply this after my skin inc serum to my dry patches
evening under a retinol serum
i just bought the set for acne serum
i find this is perfect before applying serum
for reference - i'm dealing with chicago winter.
i like this serum, the texture is fabulous.
on colder days i have layered this under kate somerville's oil-free quench
this serum is one of my essentials.
dennis gross line in stores
kate somerville's oil-free quench
mattifying ones are usually lacking in the antioxidant department
just like the radiance booster
i also mix it into my serum in the morning
i also use the radiance booster
a couple of drops of my serum
this serum is ok
i like la mer products better for burn sensation
la mer helps better and heals faster.
this awesome serum calms
i love the cooling effect
koh gen do products are the best!
koh gen do does!
i ordered a whipping netfrom koh gen do's website because sephora doesn't carryit
it's only used to create foam on your h
easily accessible in canada than liz earle
enlever son maquillage avec ce nettoyant est si facile
je suis du genre à mettre 15 couches de mascara
et ce produit l'enlève comme si j'en avais pas -_-
car je le prends seulement à titre de démaquillant
et en plus il ren ne teste pas sur les animaux ❤️
i think i like the liz earle cleanser better
i love using the cloth.
3 oz bottle of the other br
i used the ren ultra moisterizer
ma peau adore les produits ren!
j'utilise normalement la gamme hydra-calm puisque j'ai la peau très sensible et beaucoup de rougeurs
ce n'est pas évident de trouver un nettoyant qui va exfolier ma peau en douceur
nettoyer et resserrer mes pores sans créer davantage de rougeurs
l'odeur de roses est très agréable et identique à celle du baume démaquillant de la même gamme
ce nettoyant quotidien complémente très bien mon exfoliant f10
que j'utilise 2 fois par semaine
je suis très heureuse de mon achat!
i am not a fan of peter thomas roth lines.
f you have larger pores i would advise just leaving it on for 30 min to
the 24k gold mask
out of all the masks that i've tried from peter thomas roth this one is the best
i like the irish moor mask
i like the pumpkin mask
i like the 24 karat gold mask
i can't attest to it's "sciency" claims of the benefits of plant stem cells--i attri
i got the ptr mask sampler kit
so when i went in for a facial with rebecca
peter thomas roth doesn't disappoint.
this is my second favorite from the original ptr mask-holic kit
first one being the pumpkin enzyme mask.
i got this mask along with the other 5 ptr masks in a sampler kit
i love peter thomas roth masks.
i always get r
om acne or weird bumps nd literally i will do this mask
i received this mask as part of the skintastic mask magic kit from ptr
as a huge fan of masks was a little skeptical about a gel mask vs
i tried this in the mini mask magic kit
i prefer the peter thomas roth version
i really wanted the ptr triple acid peel after trying a sephora sample last yr
omly purchased a ptr 3 piece mask kit as well
this is my favorite ptr mask.
i love peter thomas roth
1st i did the 10 min mask.
like a super thick aloe vera
in combination with the clarisonic mia 2
other peter thomas roth products
i love all of peter thomas roth's products
lathers nicely with my clarisonic mia2
i do enjoy the effects of this ptr product
i follow with a ptr mask of some sort
then the ptr night retinol serum
i love all of ptr's rose stem cell line!
i love peter thomas roth products
i love the thickness of this gel
if i didn't have moisturizer on h
ptr rose stem cell cleansing gel is amazing.
my normal face wash is ole henrikson's african red tea cleanser
as a ptr product user
i think i would prefer a non-glycolic acid
/or sulfate free formula
i love ptr products.
i first tried john masters organics
i really like ptr products
the no foundation serum
vs "wow i like your makeup"
i like the cle de peau one
i still have an oily t-zone
doesn't cake or crease
i don't follow up with a powder
only this foundation serum stays put
for the serum there's one color
i live in colorado
i only use my translucent powder from laura mercier under my eyes
a mildly oily t-zone
this serum somehow blends perfectly
i love the no foundation foundation serum.
s for a perfect powder version
i'd use this w/o any additional benefits just because of the weightless feel
love that it has the spf for daily uv protection
this serum is beyond fabulous.
i like to add some of philosophy's loose vitamin c powder to a few drops in my palm
the serum is more matte than the original formula
i used it with the mufe skin equalizer primer
i tried the foundation serum out on a whim
my oily-er areas
i also use josie maran
i read a million reviews on a h
this product smooths everything out w/o heaviness
im in love with this foundation serum.
i love you no foundation foundation serum
f you're prone to breakouts i would recommend a concealer
the consultant recommended this serum
i love this serum.
before i started using this serum
this is the best everyday bb cream/ foundation serum i have ever used
thank you perricone md for creating it.
i love this serum.
i used this serum
my color iq is 3y08
this foundation serum shows up very orange on my skin
s of dollars on foundations: mineral powers
my skin didn't feel like an oil field in oklahoma
this serum foundation is awesome !
this perricone serum foundation fits the bill
tery natural look in the world
this serum is a must have for me.
n winter i get fair
i prefer to just use a buff foundations ion brush gives it that airbrush look
i also love the spf 30.
i far prefer the serum version in terms of texture
bb or cc cream
this bottle is evil.
* protecting my skin
great for light diffusion
i went with the serum
my routine is using the ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster first
but not this serum.
this product is kind of my holy grail!
i usually doy daily routine
i noticed a glow after i put either my cc cream or foundation
my favorite product out of the anthony skin care line
41 yo "semi-mature" oily t-zone skin.
didn't feel that i needed high amounts of retinol
this does jus the trick
my skin is combo
it has great antioxidant protection from the green tea
somewhat of a break for my skin as well since i use vitamin c
absorbs in few secs
i burnt my arm with the curling w
i can't use those due to immune suppressant medication
warm it in my h
love all of tata harper's products
tata harper is pure eco luxe!
as an eye creme
tara suggested i try tata harper's eye cream.
my eye cream before this was caudalie premier cru
sulwahasoo renewing ginseng eye cream
i switched bc i wanted a natural silicone-free product that still worked
tata harper eye cream is wonderful.
tested a little on my h
the rose serum does, too.
followed by lush eau roma toner water
9mos prego found this cream a little goes a long way
the best part is it pairs perfectly under my bobbi brown corrector
i even dab it on other r
om dry areas on my body
i've tried everything from chanel hydramax to lancome to la mer
sometimes i use this as an eye serum
have used it on my h
i've used otc store br
these strips are ah-ma-zing.
i also love the step 2 cooling serum strip.
definitely better than any drugstore br
t doesn't tug on my skin
the serum works great
thanks to al the dr
just tried it for the first time after using the ren glycol acid radiance renewal mask
i love that the daytime has spf
s such as bobbi brown
search the eye cream section of sephora
the daytime has spf 25!
all amore pacific products are outst
hereditary under-eye fat bags
i even tried the moisture bound eye cream from amore pacific
it dried in 5 min.
this is my ultimate fav glamglow mask.
ive used this product many times
le the power of the supermud
try all the other masques in this br
cannot use the white or black glamglow masks
i also bought a kate somerville anti bac lotion
nothing i can't h
this is my holy grail face mask
i appreciate kate somerville for inventing the package that'll lock vitamin c from water
omg i've been using this serum for a month now
best vit c i've used.
i've tried a zillion vit c products
when i've tried vit c from other lines
this mega-c product is great
mega-c is now my go to serum!
it provides the perfect l
if you want a mega dose of c, this is it.
l-ascorbic acid is the pure form of c
it feels like what i do when i bust my c capsules open
the pure non oxidized form stings
c i have ever used.
if you're looking to add vitamin c
this is a great serum
it's all about the vitamin c
kept reading how vitamin c
this is my first time using a serum
this serum is definitely a powerhouse.
this is an awesome serum
name rhymes with limabean yew nork- buyer beware
my old bottle was 30 ml?
i don't like the stickiness of it
i just use touche eclat
i just finished using a sample of the perricone md cold plasma eye cream
it's not a hg product
i love ole's milky nordic cotton cleanser bcuz it's actually is a face wash
this goes into my permanent solutions file along with vit c serum
ayant essayé divers produits qui ne m'ont pas du tout impressionnée dans le passé
j'ai été agréablement surprise par la sensation de fraicheur et de lift suite à l'application du gel
dès le lendemain de la première application
le contour de mes yeux était frais et reposé
les poches étaient dégonflées et l'apparence des cernes foncés avait considérablement diminuée
les signes de fatigue étaient bel et bien une histoire ancienne
petit produit miracle pour celles qui
ont naturellement tendance à avoir des poches disgracieuses sous les yeux malgré plusieurs heures de sommeil
this is my hg product.
it's def only for nighttime
my eyes need to de-puff
i reach for this gel
this gel single h
smells so good when i use it ^-^
le that initial tingling sensation for 3-7 mins
a-m-a-z-i-n-g.
this lasts for 2-4 min
i recently purchased the 'sampler' size kit of ptr masks
enzymes works really well on my combination skin
then i realized i wasn't using this holy grail of a mask
i love that it's both a chemical
my favorite mask from ptr.
i am a 34 y/o black female with dry sinsative skin
i used my normal moisturiser (clinique) after.
fab extreme glycolic pads
this is holy grail status.
ole henrikson truth serum after
recently purchased the mini peter thomas roth set with the six mini masks
i literally just tried the pumpkin enzyme mask
my go-to mask was the philosophy vitamin c peel
i got the peter thomas roth 6 piece tube set a while back
definitely on the psl b
i leave it on for 10 min
i like to supercharge my skin
peter thomas picked a pumpkin that polished my skin just right
afterwards i applied the ole henriksen sheer transformation cream
this is the best enzyme mask i have ever used
i got this and the honey mask by farmacy.
i got this in a mask-a-holocene pack along with the irish moor mud
nowhere as potent as the pumpkin enzyme mask as my facialist's
that might be from the pumpkin enzyme too
i love this enzyme mask
actually, i love facial products period.
which is the pumpkin enzymes
3- it stings when you put it on bc of the alpha hydroxy acid
this hasn't been the case with the pumpkin enzyme mask
i love the ptr br
then the cucumber gel mask as an overnight mask has been my holy grail combo
i never got around to trying any peter thomas roth masks
had previously tried the ptr 24k gold mask
it instantly takes me to oct/nov
loved bbw true blue pumpkin mask
i fell i love with the peter thomas roth rose stem cell mask
i love the ptr line.
decided to return this for their sulfur mask
the irish moor mud mask
after spending a few weeks using the "un wrinkle" pads by peter thomas roth
i love all the face masks from peter thomas roth
this is my holy grail.
i love ptr masks!
resurfaces your skin id give this a try
along with four other ptr masks
in the mask-a-holic kit
while also moisturizing your skin with the alpha hydroxy
i adore ptr products
i got this in a kit with the cucumber
7 oz jar as a part of the mask-a-holic kit
omg this and the irish moor mask are life!
its essentially a chemical peel duh!!
im prone to breakouts with any new product that i try
i love the milky texture when it pumps in your h
it super convenient when your h
f used both am
i am also using the caudalie cru crème.
i've finally found the holy grail with this product
super oily through my t-zone
i just finished the ptr anti-aging gel
an oily t-zone
l'occitane has the most beautiful skin care products from france
oily on my t-zone
i switched from creme de la mer to this when i decided i would be more cautious about the ingredients in my products
this got me trough accutane treatment
after my accutane treatment i still use this
the fact that i live in dry colorado doesn't help
the only other staple i have is the sk-ii essence
ful of samples of this cream recently
this serum is a bit of a mystery to me.
this to me is a great starter serum for pre aging
it's become my holy grail product
it was a 10 ml bottle
once i found the smart repair serum
i would recommend this serum it worked for me.
i love this serum!
good genes or drunk elephant glycolic
i really like this serum
this is the best serum i've ever used.
this serum is pricey
i love this serum!
i like this serum!
this is the best serum i have tried
this serum is a miracle worker!
this serum is really great.
this is an amazing serum.
find it's my favorite go to serum
this serum really balances it out
this serum worked well at night
summary: mild, almost scentless serum.
this serum has a great texture
i've tried a few other serum br
for that i use the clinique 3 step + sonic brush
as my skin aged i tried different products from clinique
since it is a treatment serum
chanel sublimage user for 10 years
i been using it for a good 9mo
slather a little on my face from the w
i got the 1 oz which for $59
i love this serum!
applied the serum to my burn
occasionally wear a light bb cream
this serum is the first serum i've ever used.
even 1 week after i ab
decided to try serum to help heal
i will keep searching for my perfect serum.
this serum comes to the rescue
i love to use this serum at night, especially.
this serum is fantastic.
i've also tried the laser repair serum which i liked as well
this is an awesome serum!
i tried the dark spot corrector
i tried this serum on a whim.
for using under a cc or bb cream
this serum has been transformative
i will definitely purchase this serum
i decided to try out the clinique serum because it is supposed to be formulated for sensitive skin
my new favorite serum!
this is a wonderful product for the dry winters i experience in montana
it does not contain shea
ter which tends to break my skin out
at sephora to switch to this from the peter thom stuff i'd been using
i love that's it's in a pump n lotion is thick
with the wild rose serum
i used ren for years
i ran out of my caudalie cru the creme
used with the serum
it has hexapeptides and shea butter in it.
i first put some rose hip oil as a serum
during the daytime i use the black pine serum.
i love the ren br
unique way to deliver a high amount of vitamin c into your skincare routine
i would only recommend using this if you have introduced vitamin c into your routine before
if you know your skin likes vitamin c
it was completely replaced other vitamin c products for me
it sort of smells like vitamin c pills
it's inactivated vitamin c
an anti-aging serum
i always follow it up with the above-referenced serum
i can feel the vitamin c working after adding a tiny bit of water to dissolve the crystals
the vitamin c provides a good boost
without leaving behind that sunless tanner scent that most vitamin c products do
well honestly this vitamin c treatment works
if not for you try their glyco- lactic mask
i worked my way up to it because the vitamin c content does seem stable
i follow with josie's argan oil
favorite ren product by far
the smell is due to the vitamin c in the mask.
s smell when you h
it smells like all vitamin c serums do
the vitamin c is water activated
vitamin c really boosts collagen
my 45+ skin has gone haywire with my usual vitamin c products
real vitamin c with muscle relaxation!??
we all know the great benefits of stable vitamin c
ren is a great line.
first vitamin c mask that i was able to use without burning
com/ren-flash-rinse-1-minute-facial-review/
last night i used the glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
i will def recommend for all skin types!
i love ren products
i received a sample when i was in the uk
sensitivity from acids or retinols
then this cream is fir you
even vitamin c can burn my skin so bad
the creme it def
i've recently started using it over the fresh black tea serum
la nouvelle formule de la crème à l'ancienne est plus légère et tellement plus confortable pour le jour
question efficacité ma peau est mixte alors elle me convient très bien même en ce dé
ma peau est plus souple
plus douce et aussi parait plus jeune
je suis ravie de mon achat.
ça vaut le prix !
i know this is considered a serum
the other on top of my serum
this serum worked very well
i got a 10ml sample with my beauty rewards
i followed up philosophy's time in a bottle serum
i am 55 and have a very oily t-zone.
i layer several serums
my t-zone is very oily
less oil in my t-zone
the peter thomas ross line of rose stem facial wash
i view this product as a serum
i tried my anti aging serum
t works to help other your own serum or cream booster
its not a reg serum
i ve been using it for 1 yr over
i love the way this serum feels.
this serum is amazing.
it's meant to be layered underneath your serum of choice to improve the efficacy of it
i wouldn't use it alone as a serum
i really like i used it primarily at night because is a serum
as single serum under makeup
in a serum it's beneficial.
before i put on the brightening serum
i absolutely love this serum
i wash my face with the clarisonic mia 2
i love this pre serum
i believe enhances my other serums
vitamin c goes on over top.
it goes before your serum or can be your serum
i think this serum is especially good for combo/oily skin
i also put 2 drops in my h
love...my new holy grail product.
i feel like i need less of my other serum
i alternate this serum with sunday riley good genes every other night
it's an extra boost to my normal serum
iv used up half bottle so far
i though it's just a big-fame like many other serums iv tried
this was my first face serum to try
this product is not a serum
i would reccomend this m akes skin smooth
j'ai une peau hypersensible et réactive à n'importe quel stimulus extérieur et des rougeurs qui sont persistantes même au repos aucune crème auparavant n'a eu d'effets sur mes rougeurs
avec celle-ci j'ai constater des résultats très rapidement
et ma peau rougit beaucoup plus difficilement lors de situation qui normalement m'occasionnait des sensations de chaleur au visage ainsi que rougeur encore plus prononcées
je ne suis pas particulièrement fan de l'odeur
mais je préfère un produit efficace à un qui possède juste une odeur très agreable
je n'ai pas dutout d'acne ou peau a tendance grasse
la mienne est plus porter cependant a être sèche et cette crème hydrate très bien ma peau pour une longue durée
e vraiment de dem
er un échantillon et essayer ce produit
pour moi il a vraiment aider à diminuer significativement un problème qui me complexait vraiment
ed to the issues with my skin
clinique dramatically different moisturising gel
excellent for me as i take turmeric to assist with anti-inflammatory stuff
i switched to this cream
i love a bunch of the mega-mushroom products
over the fab oatmeal mask
i really like it as a 1st cleanse.
a little goes a long way with this cleanser--a single tube lasts me approx
go straight to the 'milky emulsion' by wetting my h
i need to address the price b/c $40 for face wash is pricey unless you're blake lively or jennifer anniston
this cleanser is a homerun!
massage it on for 20-30 sec then i go in with my clairisonic
works well w/my dry skin
over all packaging of this product haha
on my finger it has a play-doh consistency
i recommend using a long h
on the other h
i got this in a kit 5mls
i love this serum.
i love all of dr
this cream is genius.
i read great reviews about this mega-mushroom serum from origins
my skin absolutely loves this serum.
sure enough it was this serum.
this serum is pricey tho.
those are the words i am using to describe this serum that i love
this serum is the only product i've found that really soothes
since i started using this serum
i love this serum among all their products in their whole mega mushroom line
i like the texture of the serum
i mix 3 pumps w/ a bit of the moisturizer
this serum is wonderful
i intuitively used the truth serum after
i love using this with the truth serum
the product lave amy face feeling moisturizers.
made with vitamin c
truth serum collagen booster
i experienced this in the ole henriksen peel system
in the kit it is used last on clean skin over the vit
even my sometimes impossible to remove ud aqualiner
i am on my 3rd melting cleanser.
i put this on with dry h
no traces of an oily t-zone
i like all ole's products except the african tea one which smells horrible
glow kit around christmas
yummy like all of the ole henriksen vitamin c products
the whole sha-bang
perfect for removing water prof mascara
#2 was nude omega cleansing jelly.
it gets my mascara (ud perversion) off.
love that it's made in the usa.
i am a big fan of facial oils
i finish with the ole henriksen truth serum collagen booster
it tells you with dry h
turned on luke warm water
i live in northern nevada
ready to go for serum
i like shiseido as a br
it's def on my hg list
i like to first wash my h
shu uemura i am looking at you.
even tho it's mineral oil it rinses off easily
since this was my 1st time using retinol
dennis gross anti-aging face moisturizer on me
try to pair it with the serum
in conjunction with the d
i live at high altitude
best night cream l have ever used
this is the best serum i have used
this hasn't been a holy grail product
when i tried this serum
this serum definitely helped my face
this serum does a good job
i think this is more of a preventative serum rather than an active wrinkle reducer serum
using the serum before going to sleep
this serum is my favorite!
this is m nighttime serum.
this serum is a rich consistency
i cannot go a single day without using this serum
this is great if you want an anti aging serum
i love this serum.
using it in the morning with the retinol serum at night
i cannot speak on behalf of wrinkles
i wore it on vacation in puerto rico
i used this in conjunction with the perricone deep crease serum
i've used perricone md for years
i've used the cold plasma
not a fan of the other md perricone products
after absolutely loving the no foundation foundation serum
i wanted to try other products from perricone md line
hyaluronic acid is great for aging
the lady at sephora suggested i used this in conjunction with the perricone md moisturizing
love all things plasma through dr perricone.
i like the gel like consistency of this product
adding this to my serum
hyaluronic acid is good for any skin type
i also use some of kate sommerville's products
i ususally don't drink milk unless its almond
perricone md is definitely a brand to splurge on.
a very oily t-zone area
dr. perricone creates another winning product.
the chloro plasma mask
the hyalo plasma have been amazing
the weather has been cooler in nj
in just one application of hyalo plasma
another hyaluronic acid product from a sephora
i wouldn't call this mask mask.
plus i love how it is like serum
so 80% of the time in ga
i used this mask
it's also one of the best h
an oily t zone
not the t-zone
i got the 17$ tube
also, one 3.7 oz bottle lasts me a good 9 month.
very oily in my t-zone
i now use it 2-3x a week
this is a holy grail product!!
i usually have combo skin
i live in alberta
my face was like freakin' sahara
it has replaced my holy grail glamglow thirstymud mask
i got a 1oz sample as a merry mini
holy grail for dry skin!
this serum is a must have for you
this bottle is like gold
i like this serum
this serum is light
i love this serum and the whole even tone system.
this is a really good serum
the enlighten serum does ball up
mix the serum with the ultra repair cream
ive done that for every serum that balls up
the serum also have a pearlesant glow to it which is gorg
i begun using this cream over the winter along with the serum
stopped using the serum
it is thicker than the serum
perfect for those seeking light wt moisture.
she said "self-tanner" ack
i really like ptr
peter thomas roth foaming cleanser has worked great for me
an oil from the br
i love ptr products
the ptr irish moor masque are incredible
i got this because i used the cucumber mask
just cant clean este lauder double wear foundation in one wash
my flaky cheeks aren't flaking in january
moisturizer from a direct marketing br
no breakouts and i'm on my 3rd bottle.
my issues include oily t zone
i usually use purity
5oz as its listed
the pc doesn't lather even when i have 4-5 pumps
the un-wrinkle serum was one of them.
i apply after serum
i love all of the skin inc serums.
i created a super serum with skin inc products.
this was one of my favorite additions to my "super serum
although skin inc includes about 3 serums per bottle
my serum included licorice
hyaluronic acid all in one
this serum was recommended during the online my skin identity quiz
it is one of the constant serums in my daily dose customized serum that i can't live without
these products from skin inc
on the the other h
i am 50+ and i have extremely oily skin.
i sm a licensed esthetician
and saves me $92 + tax.
that is due to me applying aczone rx
mostly t zone area
the texture has al
works well in t
em with other serums
the skin inc brightening mask
peter thomas roth rose
it works beautifull as an overnight mask
left on for abot 30 min
first time trying skin inc products
this is more of a great addition to hydrating serum from skin inc
i buy my own hyaluronic acid
the key ingredient hyaluronic acid as it holds 1000x its weight in moisture
this is one of my favorite skin inc products.
i recently tried out a sample of pure deepsea hydrating mask
the combination of the skin inc peel
def worth the try!
vitamin c serum from skin inc has really saved my skin
this product regulated my crazy skin oil secretion
about a 8 months ago i started the vitamin c serum
love love love my vitamin c
i giant serum bottle for $90 is such an incredible deal
i decided to try the serums from skin inc
plus this particular serum glides on very well
i also use the liquorice serum in the evenings
then i got a vitaminc serum from a different korean skin care br
i apply my etude skin cream
i am using this serum together with hyaluronic acid
i don't typically use vitamin a
i love all of the skin inc serums.
i combine the vitamin a serum regenerate with the collagen serum
i added this to my personal serum
ive been using the chlorella serum for about 6 months
its a fabulous skin care serum.
you can also buy from skin inc directly.
i am mixing it with licorice serum
this serum is 1 of the 3 serums in my customized my daily dose serum from skin inc
ive been using the hyaluronic acid serum for about 6 months now
i love in los angeles
i started using this serum
i ordered the hylaronic acid
i love this serum i have combination skin sensitive
since i use this serum+licorice+ceramide serum= i got a glowing skin
i really recommend these serum.
i love the hyaluronic acid serum mixed other serums to create my very own personalized serum that's perfect for my skin
i created a power pack serum that included the hyaluronic acid serum
several of the other serums from skin inc
i do wish the bottles came with more serum
this serum is pretty reasonable for a serum
this serum works wonders!
i applied this serum all over my face
i combine the collagen serum reborn with the vitamin a serum
i love all of the skin inc serums.
it is holy grail
i would most certainly recommend this product along with the licorice serum
the ceramide serum helped a lot with my dry-skin
the serum is easy to use
this serum is really working.
kp on my forehead
i am using this product with sk ii facial essence
laneige power essential skin refiner
this serum is not only works to contour ur face
i really fackin' love this serum
i really love this serum
i'll save my kate somerville serum for the summer
i love this for instant firming.
ive attained some wrinkles around my eyes
now that i'm sliding towards 50 (ack!
until ren instant firming shot
as soon as i apply this serum
eye serum before eye cream
it has a serum-like texture
now includes this gem of a serum
as one would with a serum
after i use my peter thomas roth unwrinkle pads
i love the ren line
i love ren skin care in general
this anti aging serum works amazing under makeup
my friend recommended dr jart's ceramide line
used to go by the name accutane
in combination with my trusty tub of cetaphil cream
that's an occlusive agent
the ceramidin serum from a sa
the serum goes on first, and then the oil balm.
i then ordered the cream in the tube
dr jart has saved my skin completely.
the water masks are a god send
amore pacific is also a god in dry skin care
dry spots on my h
the mn winters wreak havoc on my skin
most others like sr flora
jart premium bb over it
i came across this product in a r
om search for products for dry skin
honestly tried most of the products that has ceramide
or hyaluronic acid in it
ive purchased numerous product like this
the scent is the same as the other ceramidin products from dr
i didn't purchase this for lips
i googled all ingredients
i apply the clarisonic serum
make sure there is uv protection for the daytime
in combination with salicylic acid
i checked the ingredients
there is no salicylic acid in the serum
the rep used this on my h
the serum isn't thick
i am african american with a medium/dark skin tone
holy grail for sure.
then a retinol at night
i first purchased this product as part of the mia radiance set
this serum is amazing
found the drug store micellar waters
i only use ph balanced
i got this in a kit in a 1 oz.
i only use tarte tinted treatment primer or dr
a bottle of water would become a hg product for me
i normally use witch hazel as my toner
before i put on my serum
then i use my thayer's witch hazel
until i found the dermaclear micro water
i love this micro water!
whether it's ab based or not
i wear it under my bb cream
i then use my serum, and it looks even more fab.
i love this micro water!!
still need treatment benefits u need this in ur life
this is my holy grail
i layer this with the clarins v shape serum
its a corset for your face
def a holy grail for me.
this is my holy grail for the winter!
i've used everything from la mar to la prairie to erno laszlo
i got the mask and serum as a tester.
the o my bonus to my past years of oily
i only have a lil dry
i just purchased this product along with the new black tea serum yesterday
also a top quality natural product from australia
i used every iota of the sample tube
it cannot be compared to the effect of botox
yes i have used botox there os no comparison
i normally do botox with a top plastic surgeon in nyc
y expression lines are gone!
then finished with dr
thank you dr. brandt.
nope....just used dr. brandt's cream!
i notice a pronounced difference if i exfoliate regularly
i am almost due for my semi-annual botox
ive recently hopped on the anti aging b
like all the other dr
t products that i am using
i like the overall bottle.
the canadian shopping channel
until then i'm using the peter thomas roth
limiting my caffeine intake
vegetables into my diet
i can only speak to the oily skin type **
2 pumps for the perfect 1st or 2nd cleanse.
this is the only cleanser to ever keep my ance at bay
i also use the peter thomas roth pumpkin enzyme mask on occasion when my skin feels dull or clogged
even for my oily af skin
night because the sr oil
i tried jose moran argan oil products
cheaper than luna oil
i do like the luna oil
i rub the excess into my h
geraniol from non natural sources
it makes my la mer absorbed so fast
luckily i only use tinted cream or cc cream.
love tata harper but the prices are $$.
then finish with sunday riley's good genes
also the kat von d liner
this tata harper oil cleanser is not the case
ter cleanser from the organic pharmacy
nothing compared to others including chanel
my absolute favorite tata product.
the tata harper line
holy grail product for me!
i recently started using the tata harper line
so pleased with the tata harper brand.
im almost 40 with combination skin.
please tata harper redesign this packaging .....
i live for tata harper
(i have combination skin).
this is where the foaming sugars activate
dior hydro sorbet cream with the tata resurfacing mask twice a week
this is my holy grail morning cleanse/second cleanse thanks to the brilliant caroline hirons
other tata harper products i've been trying
like my tarte h2o one does
i layer it over a serum in the evening
im currently on accutane
for years i used clinique moisture surge
when used to josie maran argan oil
i just bought my second jar (the 4 oz.)
so 2oz lasts a long time
this potion of what i can only assume is magically sourced unicorn tears
i like the combination of ingredients
all good for my 65+ skin
le the dryness anymore
use it with a good serum
even used as a h
i apply it 2x a day
maintaining oily t zone
i start with the belief aqua bomb
the aqua bomb is more like a gel
best eye cream ive ever tried
i've tried soo many eye creams from top br
the caffeine is a plus
use every morning after dr d gross retinol ferulic serum
have only used it a h
more substantial than a serum or gel
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
i follow up with a low ph gel cleanser or the classic rice enzyme powder a couple times a week for baby soft skin
then a low ph cleanser
added this item as part of the korean nighttime regimen
put on luna oil
a pair of contact lenses in my bag
it is pricey especially when you add the rice enzyme powder
i follow up with the rice enzymes
i double cleanse meaning after i use this product
that i contacted a skincare specialist ar tatcha
in the past i have tried la mer
i"m a 10 step korean skincare type of gal
it also takes off mac chromacake
i got the kyoto cleanse
my shu uemura cleansing oil
in combination with the enzyme rice powder
i got this in the $27 set with the rice enzyme powder too
i love to use the rice powder one after i use this
i first bought this in a travel sized kit that also contained the polishing rice enzyme powder
followed with the enzyme powder every night
i pour the oil into my h
i then follow it with the indigo rice powder.
i am fighting oiliness
obviously i use it with the rice enzyme powder as a cleansing duo
then use vitamin c serum
using this on my gr
i still maintain using an evening serum
i am addicted to face oils
this product is my holy grail.
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
i love all de products
i mix two drops of this with my serum
marula oil is pretty high in oleic acid
applying the daytime serum
follow with the lala cream
applying the nighttime serum
i apply two drops of oil followed by the lala cream
in the am i use 5 drops of virgin marula with 1 pump of c-firma
i mix this with the b-hydra and it's magic.
the greatest oil ive ever used.
im a facial oil addict
ive been using oils for years
better than sunday riley oils
i layer it with my regiment morning
i don't find the hydra-b gel gives me any noticeable results
before that i used sunday riley juno
i also use the b hydra in the am
i only use the marula oil at night.
anyways i received a small bottle of this with the d
i've seen videos of people using other oils to make an eyelash "serum" i guess you could say
i even tried an actual lash growth serum years ago
i applied some to the back of one dry h
i started using de products
the c firma serum
then an antioxidant oil to seal the deal
after using sunday riley oils
i mix 3 drops with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel after cleansing
serum by paula's choice for months
this oil has replaced all of my sunday riley oils
after my de glycolic serum
the b hydra gel
i started layering it over a thin coat of my premier cru elixir
the day time vitamin-c serum
i apply makeup approximately 10 min later
i also uses it with my drunk elephant c-firma day serum
this oil is ah-may-zzing!
a few drops between my serum
a few drops on my h
i live in colorado
the virgin macula oil is h
all were minis with exception of b-hydra
after using this mini once i finish my jm i will purchase this oil
i can use the serum with the oil
ac is messing up with my skin
i tried mixing it with the b hydra gel it was perfect
i mix 3 parts b hydra with 1 part of the oil.
i love this facial oil.
ter for popcorn at the movies
only use 2 or 3 drops in the morning after the c-firma serum
the de marula oil is the best one
i like the packaging because i prefer droppers when it comes to oils
i only apply the virgin marula oil at night.
i love this facial oil.
my t-zone is atrociously oily
the entire de line
i put it on after the c firm or famboos serum
with a pump of the night serum
this is the one i have l
ed on for good
i switched from luna to this
tried this de oil
i just started using the de tlc night serum
my skin is combination/oily t-zone
i also really love the c-serum a lot!!
i don't mind it as i mix it with a vit-c serum
i like this much better than the josie maran argon oil
i love their b hydra gel
la la retro cream
the la la retro whipped cream is a great alternative
ter when you put it on
i also use it on dry parts of my h
this oil is perfect for sahara-dry skin.
in combination with their night serum
not yet available in canada due to reformulation
at night i used the de glycolic serum
i recently moved to las vegas from orl
i started using de products
sunday riley juno oil
i also love the drunk elephant c-firma
significantly cheaper from other skincare br
i get 3 drops in my h
during the day after de c-firma serum under my tarte foundation
combo skin with a very oily t zone
i also purchased the de t
c framboos glycolic night serum at the same time
i put the glycolic serum on first
t doesn't leave a residue
this product is my holy grail.
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
used this as my serum
this is my holy grail
the line has single h
edly transformed my skin
their good genes product
tone is like br
i love using this serum every other night instead of using a retinol serum every night
i love this serum!
use one pump marula oil with one pump of tlc
serum itself is fantastic
i notice a difference on days when i don't use the serum
the serum is supposed to tingle
female20 yrs old normal to dry skin post accutane
ered over to the skin care section
i do the korean skin care routine
nstead of my snail extract serum i used this instead
i love the color of the cap
i got the tlc framboos serum for fine smile lines
with a combination of renee rouleau's anti cyst
de is one of the few br
giving meso much confidence
this is the best serum i've used on my 51 year old skin
this is pure gold!
the serum brought them up
then a mary k moisturizer
with the mary k moisturizer something didn't mix
mix it with a drop of de marula oil
after trying a few nighttime serums this has been my fav
i realized that neither benzoyl peroxide
de is the best.
this product can be mixed with de serum if you're sensitive like me
buy this serum since i have issues with the texture of my skin
was somewhat happy while using the sunday riley good genes/luna duo
adding this to my holy grail products!
t sinks in well
keeping this product on h
i did some research on de
i found sunday riley's good genes to be effective
caudalie's vinoperfect radiance serum had no effect on my skin
the oil in a little combo pack during the vib rouge sale
even switching to a sheerer formulation
their b-hydra gel
i tried good genes
had to avoid using the polish while im using this serum
de glycolic night serum blows it out of the water
especially when i paired it with the de babyfacial
new holy grail product.
this and their baby serum are amazing.
i can't live without this serum
then i started using retin-a
i very rarely get r
the drunk elephant c-firma day serum
as i was new to chem exfoliants
i found this impressive glycolic acid salicylic acid-based aha/bha serum to be exceedingly effective at reducing the appearance of blemishes
except this time i am using it with the b-hydra
decided to give this tlc serum a try
when i used de products
in conjunction with drunk elephant's b-hydra intensive hydration gel
i'd been using the herbivore oils
gets it ready for applying my de serums
this soap is a-m-a-z-i-n-g
night in harsh canadian winters
i always follow it up with the d
night serum and d.e.
i am also in my 40's so i use retinal products.
i just wish de would develop a tin container to store it in
kept raving about the ju ju bar
then rub the soap between my h
texas for this recommendation
glowy ive been using it for a month now
if i don't have a clean cloth h
along with the juju bar
i now use it with my clarasonic mia 3
then use it with the mia 3
i just finished my second bottle of ceramic slip from sunday riley
ick appeal in the past
use as directed by following immediately with the glycolic serum
i recently switched to de
the oily area/t-zone of my combination facial skin has completely rebelled
along with the juju bar
works great with the de oil.
i apply argon oil after
it has the proper ph for skin
or the juju bar
i received this along with the umbra as a gift.
i then follow up with my josie maran argan oil light
then i follow it up with glycolic serum
then massage with my h
i initially tried to use it 2x daily
then used my h
i only use juju at night
nightly, i follow with lala, marula and shaba.
just use one of the de bars
after having used the aha kit
falling in love with de products
i follow up with a serum
then either a facial oil or algenist genius cream
i love this juju bar.
starting sept 4 until oct 7
i dont care if it's $25+ for a face wash.
i just need to find a square tin travel container
other de products again
i try it with "the minis"
caused either by a product or a change in bc
the juju in the am as recommended by de
followup with the juju or pekee bar
use as directed by following immediately with the c-firma day serum
cannot wait to try other de products
to top it off it is a natural br
but this bar is holy grail.
this juju bar one is a st
juju saved my skin
i also will use this with the de gylcolic serum on days i need a lot of exfoliation
like all of my other de products
juju bar contains some very fined particles that can cleanse
lather up my face for about 30sec
apply the lather in your h
i follow up with the c-firma day serum
i rub it between my h
i recently added their glycolic night serum to my regimen
the glycolic serum came in a kit with sample sizes of their marula oil
vitamin c serum too
with this juju bar!
laura mercier smooth finish foundation powder
just lather it in my h
plus the packaging for the juju
i really like that when i lather between my h
they said to lather in h
the juju bar is amazing
i can't wait to try other de products.
i couldnt stop touching my face for 5 min
the ju ju bar wakes me up in the morning because of its exfoliating nature
as all the de products
followed by the c-firma serum
this juju bar is amazing
even switched to natural organic br
my hubs reorders premier cru elixir
eye cream each christmas for me
and this one is my holy grail.
with either the creme or creme riche
received premier cru cream
this serum is amazing.
i am using with the premier cru the cream.
think i'm pretty knowledgable about current skincare hg products
this is my first elixir
especially for dry ne winters
seems to make even the chalkiest bb cream
it's the perfect serum for warmer weather.
the premier cru facial
then follow with the cru
the premier cru elixir is my favorite thing they make
i am currently using the premeir cru eye cream
i got a small sample of this facial oil from my local sephora back in april
this combines that with a serum.
granted i've used it in conjunction with caudalie's radiance serum also
this elixir is part oil
even with another serum for double duty
i selected the premier cru the elixir as a deluxe sample
with the cru cream on top
this face wash is h
plus the greek yogurt moisturizer
i also use this with sunday riley ufo oil
thanks to manny mua i had to try this.
for reference, i have combo skin.
i just wet my h
i live in florida.
s such la prairie
definitely purchased because stefanie nicole recommended it
kate somerville goat milk cleanser
i did love the kate somerville goat cleanser
les the makeup well
i started using this creamy cleanser with my clarisonic mia 2
ordering my 2nd tube
pair it with the kate goat milk moisturizer
i love the whole korres greek yoghurt line.
love the foaming action
that's greek yogurt for you
i cannot live without the korres greek yoghurt advanced nourishing sleeping facial
the best thing about this is that it uses natural greek yoghurt which contains lactic acid
this guy also has lactic acid in it
i love the formulation
love the korres greek yoghurt moisturizer
use my facial washes with my mia2 after using this product
mpressed with greek yoghurt that i'm looking into more of their products
it feels exactly like rich greek yoghurt
this is the same as the older discontinued 3in1 protein milk cleanser
ive tried many products
i've purchased this de-puffer numerous times.
it is an excellent product that de-puffs
i don't love the applicator
this product effectively de-puffs that area.
immediately rub it in it doesn't give the peptides
does tingle a little that's just the peptides working
i like to wait at least a wk with products to give a review
i got a sample co the using at home for a wk.
this is a miracle in a tube.
the iron is adorable
i absolutely love the applicator
i don't have dark circles or really even bags per se
i love the concept of the iron
i used it after applying my under eye serum
this is my new holy grail.
it is instant de-puff.
the point of any serum is to deliver megadoses of ingredients into the skin more effectively than a thick moisturizer—
the formula is 50 percent hyaluronic acid
i am super picky about serums
this serum is amazing.
this serum is wonderful.
a small pea size amount is all you need it the foaming action seems to exp
i love this wash bc it is slightly drying
i got the 1 oz sample in november
with my clinique sonic system
used it with my clarisonic mia 2
i will continue to use this serum.
this is the best serum i have ever used
well next to my day serum which vissionarre
use this at night under the dior capture totale multi perfection creme
this oil is perfect for winters in the chicago area
when cold canadian winters
this serum works amazingly
i love this serum.
but overall love this serum for my first serum.
this serum is great!
ever since i started using this serum
i see that this serum is a game changer
i absolutely love this serum
it's not just an anti aging serum
i love this serum.
am loving the serum
i love this serum
this serum was an impulse buy
this serum is just perfect for me.
i absolutely love this serum.
this serum says it's for "transitioning" skin
i got a small size of this serum in a kit with other origins products
i absolutely love this serum!
this is my all-time favourite serum!
i like that this formulation is a little thicker
this is by far my favorite serum.
holy grail serum for me.
i love this serum!
this is such a good serum
this serum is superb!
this serum is life changing.
i really like this serum
it completely normalized my skin
the best serum i've ever tried!!!
stress u name it
i really love this serum.
i love origins products.
i believe it reduces my oi production which is always a plus
i am completely obsessed with this serum!!
mild oiliness in my t-zone
i am not a serum or wrinkle treatment person at all
i absolutely love this serum!
ed to to an overall freshening of my face
the age this serum targets
i like that this is a more viscous serum than many
since i have added this serum to my day
works very well as a serum
this serum is light
i am really enjoying this serum.
you def need a mosturizer as well.
i really like this serum
it reminds me of the clinique smart serum
bruno mars would love this mask
i absolutely love this serum!
while i wouldnt say that it "lifts" my face per se
the pumkin enzyme is my favorite
then the irish moor mud
i absolutely love the 24k gold mask as well as quite a few of the other ptr masks
i actually love to mix the 24k with the rose stem cell mask
i used the 24k gold mask little container that came with two other peter thomas roth face masks
it is definitely a great luxury product for radiant 24k skin if you like the br
i mean it has 24 karat gold in it!
one of my favorite peter thomas roth products!
i love ptr products.
i'd been using aloe instead of the nf br
la description correspond aux attentes.
donne un petit boost raffermissant.
soit une fois ou deux par semaine
i'll add i work for a different skin care br
this mask i only use in my t zone
i love this mask...2nd purchase!
this irish moore is the best one so far
the irish moor mud mask is my new favorite
this ptr mask takes the cake
try the whole thing buy one of the two mini sets from peter thomas roth with this in it
it pairs great with the 24k gold firming mask after
i leave it for 30 min
this product so far is h
i kept the mask on for 35 min.
after using the irish moor mud just one time my skin already improved
i am obsessed with all peter thomas roth masks especially this one
i recommend using this with the peter thomas roth's irish moor mud cleansing gel
i also tried the cucumber mask from the peter thomas roth line with no avail
i received a sample of this irish moor mud mask.
i recommend you use this max with murad clarifying cleanser or peter thomas thomas irish mud cleanser
i wanted to try the irish moor mask
i love peter thomas roth.
this is my favorite peter thomas roth product.
o m g it is like magic
just my clean h
ced my face for about 10 minutes
from the combo/hormonally active skin of my youth to the dryer
i started using el
el products are the best!
clinique smart custom-repair serum
it realy helped to cleanse
i've tried the white el
or if you may be using retinol products or acutane
this is def my new skin care routine
i am absolutely loving this illuminating moisture balm from bb
one of which was this xtra illuminating balm
i got this as a dupe for the victoria beckham x estée lauder morning aura
i love ptr it keeps my skin on point.
i am african american with a caramel skin tone.
the irish moor cleanser
it is my favorite ptr product
follow with a vitamin c serum
the mega rich intensive anti-aging creme
(based on my skin type: combination, age: 30+)
i immidialaty splurged for the 32oz bottle
then as part of a peter thomas roth set
i am currently on accutane for my oiliness
i recently just purchased a luna mini 2
so today i stopped into sephora specifically to buy a bottle of peter thomas roth anti-aging cleanser
i also use a serum vitamin c
ed on the rest of peter thomas roth
it's nothing a little moisturizer cant h
i received a free birthday gift of the peter thomas roth anti-aging cleanser
5oz bottle will last you a long time
i received this as my b-day gift with the cucumber mask
peter thomas roth is great
idk about "anti-aging"
had a couple of med size pores
i do use a retinol
use an appropriate serum
i apply de-spot plus
i started following the caroline hirons cleansing routine
and as with all ptr products, you get a ton.
don't even compare to the power k
the dar circles will be much better
with certain groups of people vitamin k is a very powerful dark circle minimizer
the ptr retinol serum at night
i don't care about lines, bags, wrinkles etc.
there's this eye cream from cvs with vitamin k in it
vita-k i think
than finish up with ptr mega rich anti aging cream
it was about $25 cheaper than the pt roth
the power k eye rescue works wonderfully.
flat top of your h
i love how this eye serum feels.
once u wash ur face u can again notice them
i did use the power k morning
peter thomas roth is the best!
i am of indian descent
everyone was raving about the peter thomas roth skin care line
i am of indian heritage
i do recommend coupling the ptr power k eye with a moisturizer
i tried this one because of the vitamin k
the peter roth on the other eye
2 years after using accutane
i swear my skin is like br
s or wet face/dry h
this black one o m g
i don't normally waste my time review fm products that i like
i followed up with orgins high-potency night-a-mins cream
once with my h
this stuff is h
i am 47 with combination skin
realized it has sulfates in it
ive used glamglow products in the past
i follow it with amore pacific's toner
thanks to being on accutane
t only adds to my skins dryness
the mega illuminizer face cream
then add water to your h
i suggest applying it to your h
then lather your h
holy grail status for me.
i am oil in the t-zone
i need more product asap
applying it to my mia 2
i own the masks to!
i add a drop of tarte marajuca oil
this is my new eye creme holy grail
i received a sample of the fresh lotus eye gel
the milk is light
this is listed as a serum
i would use it as a serum in the winter
the treatment milk is my absolute favorite.
this omega treatment mil
you're putting a high-quality vitamin
omega rich product on your face
it's vitamins for your face
it's literally vitamins to the face
bc of my recent facial
i can't praise the nude progenius treatment milk high enough
the antioxidants in there are amazing for anti aging properties
the probiotics are great for someone breaking out
n love with this omega treatment
i snuck this milk in between my serum
probably due to the shea oil
except for some stubborn kat von d eyeliner
eye liner on their h
because of the shea oil
my skin feels br
leaves behind a bit of the shea
i've got the sahara desert for skin
works just like shu uemera's
im a huge fan of a cleansing oil
gents ps i have oily t-zone
then did my serum
josie maran argan oil for the night
flaky dry skin during canadian winter
im obsessed with this cleanser
ter making my skin feel like silk
there is a lot of produc
this is a french br
i got a tiny bottle of this with a 500pt.
i apply it with dry h
this costs like $10 less per bottle than jm
the best product i have ever used to cleanse with h
i sound like a commercial rn.
use jan marinin bioglycolic cleanser in the am
true african black soap
i may go back to josie marian argon light
i used natural br
blue plasma is the potion my skin craves every day
lol i use this on days between my dr dennis gross exfoliating pads or my algenist bi-phase
blue plasma is the bomb!
before i put on a serum
i'll follow up with this before any serum
it seems to have replaced the blue plasma serum by perricone
thats my oily teenagery face's response
is convenient b/c you don't have to rinse afterward
preps the skin for your regimen
mi skin was not looking to healthy
this stuff is bae
blue plasma is the best
i wear bb cream
doesn't smell like the blue plasma treatment at all
red from beads/sugar/etc
i recommend washing your h
i believe i have found the holy grail
then used the blue plasma
skin finisher is right!
it's better than any cc or bb or tinted moisturizer i've ever tried
it has no zinc oxide
has very little titanium oxide
then use de's sunscreen which has 20% zinc oxide
the best part is that it has titanium dioxide as the sunscreen
this is the holy grail for oily skin that wants an spf
light/medium filipino skin
i apply a light powder
this takes the place of my bb cream or foundation
plus it has a spf
this creme is much more than i expacted.
i also use the laura mercier radiance primer
use vitamin c serum
i took one star off for the price as there are vitamin c serums that rival this
sunday riley good genes
just tried out a 2 wk sample for the first day
s down skinceuticals vit ce ferulic
smoothness of my skin since i started using the genius serum
i've tried other vitamin c serums that have not been all that effective
i wasn't using this in conjunction with my serum
until i find a better vitamin c serum
i got this as a 100 pt.
holy moly is it incredible
that's what's in the serum
it's comforting to know that it smells like vitamin c because this serum is chock full of it
ever since i have started using this serum
i took the plunge on this serum
did i magically achieve perfect taylor swift skin?
the serum itself is great, too!
i know anything with vitamin c is great
my skin is reactive
i love using topical vitamin c
the acidic properties of l ascorbic acid irritate
does more than a typical vit c serum
this serum truly has changed my skin!
this serum is expensive
s of vitamin c serums including ole henrickson
is clinical super serum advance
prolonged use of vitamin c serums has finally turned my face around
my face breaks out less with the use of a vitamin c serum
lightweight serum that i use every morning
this vitamin c serum is a must
vitamin c is a great antioxidant that protects my skin from free radicals
this serum sinks right in
under the genius anti-aging cream at night
love this serum it is one of best vitamin c serum i ever used
best such serum i've used and i've used a *lot*
i love their bi-phase peel
i used the murad lighting serum
my skin can be sensitive to vit c products
dennis grossman alpha beta peels
my clarisonic or the amore pacific enzyme peel
this serum is great
when i put the serum
it's especially chemical-y
vitamin c tablets which is weird
it didn't feel too drying or tight like some vitamin c serums can
it's one of the best vitamin c products on the market
since vitamin c has been clinically proven to reduce the look of wrinkles
this serum has a medium weight texture
am in love with this serum
this serum treats all the areas perfectly
i love this serum.
i tried dr dennis' face
i returned the dr dennis
i start with this vitamin c serum
coupled it with the algenist retinol firming
this is an amazing serum.
i love this serum.
00 on a serum for the smell
rep at a vib rouge shopping event
have previously used the dr
dennis gross glow pads
it's the best emulsion i've ever tried.
i like this mask.
i love the ptr br
relaxing with the thous
look like santa claus for a hot second because of the foam
ptr is a clinical skincare br
peter roth thomas has been a skin perfecter for me
another great product from ptr!
i love the consistency of this gel
much better than murad serum i found.
i love this gel
so worried about my 4 cystic swollen acne before my trip in san diego ca
just on the prob areas
f you have hard time finding the right foundation try ysl le teint touché éclat
i just completed a full bottle of the ptr sal
wasn't sure if it was b/c of the gel
which is normal b/c of the salicylic acid
everybody's skin is genetically different
when i added this to my routine (after my serum
a little bit of salicylic acid
all skin types yada yada i find it very drying on my normal/dry skin
the original super corrective serum
this serum its amazing, love it.
for years i have been purchasing the shiseido bio-performance super corrective serum
i love it almost as much as dior capture totale dream skin
disclaimer: obsessed with korean beauty products
i follow up with serum
cannot believe sephora usa carries it now
really enjoy it when i mix it up with the jm cleansing oil
i simply cup my h
i follow up with the josie marian argan oil.
follow with josie's argan oil
just a pinch of powder in wet h
i wasn't a fan of the powder formula at first
followed by the sunday riley luna oil
i then follow with my josie maran argan milk.
am on accutane right now
lather it up in my h
i leave the wen in my hair
i follow it with the josie maran milk
my skin is like a babys bottom in the morning
put a little powder in my h
like an enzyme-based one
the reason for four v
ter on my face
the enzymes of the papaya really help to dissolve any dead skin cells
this is a way better product than the kate somerville exfolikate
i absolutely love this serum.
this serum is amazing!
i pair this with the lancôme youth serum in to my beauty regimen
38oz one like the youth serum
a retinol product i ordered bc so many celebs use it
rosie huntington-whiteley for example
scars b/c of it
i started using this serum in my late 20s
this is my first serum
one of the best serums/correctors i have tried.
this serum is the best i've had--
visionnaire serum has been a miracle for me
lancôme hits the mark with this serum.
an oily t-zone in summer
i love this serum it has helped my skin so much!
i switched to try this after i wasn't really seeing results with the clinique serum i was using
i started using the visionaire serum
i can't say this serum reduces pores
ter are good for the body
i'd been using algenist retinol serum
it reminds me of chanel chance eau tendre
i am 26 with normal/combo skin
ed my recipe for such great skin
i recently purchased the new visionnaire cx
oily in t zone
it's gentle, ye effective.
one being a high concentration of vitamin c
i follow it up with josie maran argan oil
le how drying most clay masks can be
you get more ounces in the jar
i found this mask
got the serum too
i follow it with peter thomas roth's brightening bubbing mask for an extra blast of lightening
ive never had a holy grail product until this mask
including some from dr
a full 20% plus the antioxidant kakadu.
this is without a doubt the best vit
c serum i have ever used.
layer my products starting with this serum first oil
i am glad to be using a vitamin c serum again
i love this serum!
i used a lot of the different vitamin c products out there
picked up this serum
i used ole vitamin c serum for two years.
i wanted to "up" my antioxidant game
i believe i read somewhere ole was 10% vitamin c
i apply my ole oil
considering all the ingredients in this serum
i absolutely love this serum
i hesitated on this c serum after trying the other br
im now a total dermadoctor convert.
this serum is miraculous!!!
i did a lot of research prior to choosing a c serum
i love this serum!!
i can't believe i never used vitamin c
this serum is everything !!!!!
plumped effect that the sk2 can't reach
i used roc eye cream from the drugstore for years
no more roc for me.
i also added a serum: algenist power advanced wrinkle figher 360 eye serum
i am oily combo
i am using perricone md intensive pore treatment
either perricone md or rms beauty
then i follow with a tiny bit of rms beauty loose powder in shade 2-3
it made my t-zone matte which it doesnt advertise
def helps control the oil
it's also a white cream whereas the benefit primer is brown
using becca's backlight priming filter
bb creme then set with powder
love this primer/pore perfector.
i mix this with cc cream & forget makeup!!!
i recently began using this with dolce
laura mercier invisible setting powder
the new bb skin smoothing pore perfector is simply amazing
the bb cc cream goes on like a dream on top of it
i also use estee lauder's ee
i am an habitual user of face cream
in the winter i literally use h
i am a young african-american male
bb cream for sun protection during the day
doesn't pill up under liquid foundation
ard cream that is more liquidy
i am super super dry
not super anti-aging
i love fab products
this product is soo creamy.
from the 1st application
i may have a sensitivity to shea
this is the best eye cream ive tried.
i've tried lots of other products that just bur
i've used several of the $100+ br
i love fab products
s the algenist spf 50 sublime defense
works great with the serum.
i used luna oil last year
i think the retinol properties we're a little to much for my semi sensitive skin
thank you sunday r. for this oil!
didn't want to get fooled by foo foo oils
i first went for the este lauder advanced night repair
i've also purchased the ufo face oil for when i have breakouts
i break out w/ oils
mix it in with the tidal enzyme cream
will go thru a skin "purge" bc this is quite potent
this is my 3rd bottle of this amazing facial oil
amore pacific moisturebound both work great for this
holy grail for sure .
i read some reviews of luna
i combine each night with good genes.
a few drops of luna oil
luna oil worked better for me then low dose accutane
luna provided the perfect amount of moisture
i would have saved thous
purchasing the sunday riley ceo flash brightening serum
i wash my face with la mer foaming cleanser
i wash my face with la mer foaming cleanser
then apply the flash serum
the spf 40 on top
sunday riley is my new favourite brand.
i am really impressed with sr products.
this is the best retinol product i have used.
i saw a difference within 7 days after starting sr products
during the vib rouge sale i decided to try drunk elephant c firma
side effect of using a retinol product
except for the dr
also by sunday riley
i mix this with the ufo clarifying oil.
5 oz bottle last year
luna kept popping up in my hunt for night serums
that is true for all retinol products
it's a holy grail retinoid that's gentle enough paired with awesome oils
i definitely recommend this holy grail product !!
used in combination with good genes
i know the vitamin c is a perfect compliment for the retinol in both my nighttime products
my only complaint is that it is an oily type of serum
good genes in the morning
luna oil along with the new c
today i used the dropper on my face
i started using this luna oil
ceo have made my skin clear
i used it as a night serum
definately the best retinoid i've used to far!
alternating with the br
s good genes serum
this serum has a really liquidy consistency which i'm new to
i did an a/b test of this versus a new first aid beauty serum
this serum was my savior.
for some reason no bb cream
non existent lines and smoother dewy-er skin:)
the triple c peptide firming oil is mid-light weight
have been using chlorella
hyaluronic acid also had retinol or ascorbic acid or alcohol
vit b3 rescue blend for two weeks
i used a combination of the vit b
my pores are so much smaller after using the vitamin c
my combo of vitamin c
i discovered the magic of skin inc's my daily dose serum
they created for me a serum based on my skin
how the serum actually looks like
the serums work wonderfully for me especially their new vitamin b3+
also their pure serum mist
i choose vitamin c
of the chlorella serum--which is supposed to help with brightening
i love the my daily dose.
i love all of the skin inc serums.
my bottle contains vitamin a
vitamin a- this serum is the first one i tried making it easier to notice a difference in my skin
i am ordering my third bottle of this serum.
have switched up my third ingredient from chollera to ceramide
the first time i mixed my serum it didn't fill the "daily dose" bottle either which was very disappointing
this is my 2nd bottle of custom blended serum which consist of vitamin c
allows better absorption of the serum
i used the pure revival peel from this line with the serum afterwards
thank you skin inc!
i just finished using my 1st skin inc custom serum set today
this daily dose custom-blended serum is amazing for my skin
after a little research i took the skin inc quiz on sephora's skiniq to find out my daily dose
i love skin inc.
love my custom daily dose serum!
vitamin c serums for about a month
the serum is really good!!
i love my custom serum!
have to take lots of meds
my serum has the licorice
this is an absolute hg product
love that you can customize your serum to your skin needs
i received my first daily dose custom blended serum set in april 2015
i love it because even after the 1st week of using the serum
i really enjoyed this serum
my daily dose works wonders!
when i use skin inc custom serums on a regular basis
i love the daily dost custom blended serum!
the serum comes in a cute bottle with a dropper for easy dispense
the serum is transparent with small colored beads which are the serums' active ingredients that burst upon light pressure of h
i love these serums!
this serum fixed 70% now
skin inc daily dose serum is the best purchase i ever invest in
my custom serum was liquorice
i also purchased a chlorella serum on the side
this serum saved my skin
my daily dose serum is amazing!
i shun the sun
i still see results with my coenzyme q10
my first bottle of my custom serum is almost empty
after using nearly the entire bottle of my first custom serum
i also use the pure revival peel before the serum for better results
have a serum customized just for my skin
i really love my daily dose.
my custom blend ended up being hyaluronic acid
i can really tell the high quality of the serum
best serum i have tried so far
this serum has given by
i washed with ptr irish moor mud cleanser
i love the applicator
i love the oil formulation.
i wanted a high potency retinoid for fine lines
after reading up i decided on this serum
in general i have a slightly oily t zone
this is an incredible retinoid product.
underneath my korres greek yoghurt sleeping facial
but i use liquid gold too.
use this ptr retinoid serum with lancome genifique youth activating concentrate to see immediate results
it really is this serum
if you r n your 20's or 30's you r wasting money.
retinol truly is a miracle worker.
good job peter thomas roth
i've used an entire bottle of ptr professional 3% retinoid plus
i've had absolutely no sensitivity to the serum
the ptr rep was in sephora yestarday
laser free eye serum
pit my firm x serum on
keep it up ptr ❤️
retinal in the pm
if you're curious about a retinol product
i am a 30yo with no wrinkles as of yet
i originally tried the ptr 1
5% retinol fusion as i was given a sample
i am usually a product hopper
save your coins and get this serum.
this 3% retinoid serum is amazing!
the max correction pads by ptr
the pure revival peel by skin inc
this is a great serum.
one has vitamin c
the one with v
money i spend with my ant-aging products
this is by far the best otc retinol product i've come across
i am 38 w light combination skin
spf in miami is not something i can skip
works great under my este lauder foundation
spf/anti-aging properties
murad is an alright skincare br
once applied it's undetectable
i don't if it's because i use a tinted moisturizer or kot
i mixed it with cover fx drops
it is not a miracle for oil absorption
i follow the k-beauty skin care steps every day
4 stars only bc of the price.
i love that it has spf and anti-aging properties.
ive notice that when i use this with my marc jacobs foundation it just blurs my pore any fine lines i might have
dry skin meets florida humidity
great primer for under hdtv makeup
this primer is holy grail
"if i could only take ______ products to a desert isl
i love the spf
i wear just the boscia bb cream over this
this helped keep my mufe ultra hd foundation on when all other primers failed
plus i work in little to no ac.
i put a few pumps of this on my h
bb creams feel heavy
weather in texas is very humid
since i wear glasses
like from fresh or clinique
i also use this in t
f u have super oily skin this stuff is awesome
i've had my 2oz tube for a while
i didn't use it much during dec-march when the weather was much colder in houston
in hot & humid houston, this product is perfect.
plus living in nh i feel like i could take a lotion bath
finish to my drunk elephant b-hydra gel that is $22 more with less product
com for its formula
it's loaded with antioxidants
it works well with kat von d primer
then my porefessional matte rescue
i appreciate that it's chock-full of antioxidants
ive tried alot of mattyifing serums
im usually oily all year round
i love that this has niacinamide
kept my t-zone matte throughout the day
in my mind the more the better ha ha which is not the case with this product
it's not like bb or cc
t doesn't correct skin tone
ive tried every eye roller on the planet
since it is a rollerball
thanks to goods genes i don't have a lot of wrinkles yet
in june i got a sample of this product
now it's a holy grail
ai wanted to try out the moisturizing bomb
although i do prefer the aqua bomb
tips: don't buy the aqua
aqua bomb contains the denatured alcohol
i am currently on accutane
flaky after using a retinoid product
with a oily t zone
i first purchased the glam flaw hydration mask
btw i combined with the 100%pure argan oil
great for oily or combo skin tho
after accutane my face has been dry
especially my t-zone
works better than the aqua bomb imo
perfect for layering with serum
i prefer to use it before bb cream
i got this moisturizer in january
i live in new york
plus i live in colorado
forehead since i finished accutane
i combine this with the belif aqua bomb.
i pair this with my l'occitane ultra rich face cream
i've recently started a korean skincare routine
it just foams up in your h
it foams like a dream in your h
i feel like it preps my skin for my serum
i usually use the vitamin c wipes
still oily t-zone
still lightweight for my oily t-zone
this dos the job
my t-tone is oil
it is perfect for dehydrated skin while one braces the drying santa ana winds in socal
you get about 4 oz.
i live in alaska
you get just over 4 oz of product for the average price of an 1 oz moisturizer
not at all like c
oily at the t zone
definitely a holy grail product for me.
this is my holy grail.
saw desi perkins mention this
i tried this in the quench your skin sampler
the aqua bomb is amazing.
the gel formula of the aqua bomb won me over vs
ing in line to purchase other products at sephora
the aqua bomb really works!
3 wks of using this daily
everything from la mer to fresh
like la mer would help
it didn't, la mer also broke me out.
belif is one of my fave k-beauty brands!
i first bought this in korea
i used this while on accutane
i usually count on clinique
i found this br
i am combination skin.
i used a few drops of organic rice bran oil on top of it with a little bit of spf 50
tried the tidal enzyme gel cream by sunday riley
it changes depending on the weather in wisconsin
i think this is my holy grail
it reminds me a lot of sunday riley tidal moisturizer
i recently tried applying this eye cream over my entire face after applying a few drops of the sunday riley luna oil
seeing through k-beauty channels on youtube about the amazing properties of this eye cream
maybe they were al due to dehydration?
besides samples of aqua-bomb that i haven't used yet
i keep this mask on h
le my regular night cream
this is a miracle mask!
my new holy grail sleep mask!
i am an espresso skintone african-american woman.
dennis gross daily peel during the nights
i recommend this mask
after using la mer cream after this mask
it is lighter than the aqua bomb
i would rank thickness in this line like this: aqua gel is lightest
this aqua oil gel is no exception
ter or mineral oil as an ingredient
i've done a magna-mirror test to prove it
i love the peat eye cream as well.
provides a non-greasy platform after you've used your serum
for those that love the greasy la mer
i like gel based products
tried a sample of the aqua face gel-crea
i love this serum.
it's one of my "if i were str
lol omg this mask!
t has the texture of silicone almost.
i got the yellow kind as a 100pt.
the texture is almost like a serum
for an oilier gal
i love tt oil .
as an oilier gal
maybe some bb or cc cream
my skin woke up soft, hydrated and w/o breakups.
i looooovee this, will never be w/o it!!!!!!!
i alternate between josie maran's argan oil
i used it in mexico
i put 3 drops of this serum in with an aesop h
then applied the mixture to the top of my h
mix this in only with a h
i also add 2 drops to my creme ancienne soft cream
i love the combination of oil
i swear i still get carded at liquor stores bc my skin looks like i'm going thru puberty
use the jose maran organ oil at night
i get oily in t-zone
excess oil on my t-zone
it works great with any type of serum underneath
pump it into my h
it is mislabeled as 2.5 oz.
it has 2.5oz oil and 2.5oz mud.
5 oz versus the 5oz you get with the other versions
it is only 3ml/0.10fl oz.
i also alternate oils
until i got the laura mercier kit with my points
one star off bc of price
the tiny 6mm bottle lasted me a week
i put this on over my retinol
i don't have to keep slathering my h
doesn't feel like the josie maran argan oil.
t will def last a while
with an oily t-zone
i will be using this cream till discontinued.
f you can tray
works ok for an spf 30
an anti aging cream with an spf?!
this keeps my face looking demi matte all day long-i use it under the rainforest of the sea foundation
mt makeup does not unbind
i just use a vitamin c serum
tx which is very humid
i always use serum
la roche posay primer is great for this in summer when i need maximum spf
minus the little pearls
this coupled with retinol
i like that it has uv protection too
i mix it with my belif aqua bomb
i wear a uva/uvb block every day
healing results with fab
i usually wait 10-15 min before applying my foundation
it's mineral sun blockers
i used over a serum
t takes a while to blend in
ts good for all skin types
my best friend is a dermatology pa
this is def my go-to.
i love the fab ultra repair cream
i only use mineral suncreens
even when you put on the required 1/4tsp for proper protection/coverage
it's oxybenzone-free (yay!)
typical t-zone oiliness goodnees
mixed my laura mercer foundation into it befor applying
i am going to mix it w/ the cover fx drops
first of all i have oily/combo skin
i just had bbl done
bright despite the bbl effects
ma has mature skin
this mask works miracles!
this mask leaves your skin very very matte which i love because i live in hawaii
after applying some vitamin c serum my skin was glowing
i followed with a drop of kate somerville dilo oil
my skin loves zinc
the zinc in it is a crazy good bonus
total dupe for glam glow.
i dont glob a lot on
an oily t-zone
i love face masks!
bc drugstore products that r good quality run about $20
hg status through and through!
fancy well known br
i find this to work 20x better
tf you waiting for?
t mask in the mail
usually sephora items could be a yay or nay product
this one is a yay
do find it to be quite cooling compared to this ine
versus 4-5 pumps of the ptr version
i know it will be holy grail
i love this oxygen mask
brant came out with their own oxygen mask
so this i found was super similar to the peter thomas roth bubbling mask
after the first application i plastic flim to cover it
i store the pods in the fridge.
i then wet my h
je cherchais un nettoyant pour ma peau grasse qui ne coûte pas la peau des fesses et qui fonctionne
avec ce nettoyant je suis servi
il mousse peu mais fait un superbe travail pour ma peau grasse :
i studied the dropper
ling this one product
i trust the br
fading blemishes on my dark african-american
i used the sunday riley luna for almost a year
def give this a try
cheaper than sunday riley's luna sleeping oil
this feels like more of a serum than an oil
then use perricone md's blue plasm
while i like good genes
n love with the oil
josie maran in teh sample sizes
ts not harsh or drying like actual anti-acne products
the original night-a-mins cream works much better
it's the best face oil/serum i've tried
if you used the dropper with one h
i team it with my origins high potency night-a-mins cream
i've always liked nite-a-mins products
t's ideal for oily peeps
in fact just try dr. brandt.
i usually leave the mask for 20 -30min on my skin
for reference, i have oily skin.
i usually use the facial monday
i only gave it 4 stars becuz of the expense of the product
luminosity -- in spades moisture -- you betcha
have combination skin with an oily t-zone
this is best skincare item ive used in my lifeit brightensi recd this
cost same as thisim reordering this oxygen oneit does tingle fyi
laser fx lift serum
whenever i go to dr
peter thomas roth water drench in 30% has been out of stock
i've searched on sephora, ulta, etc.
all of the peter thomas roth products
recently i spent some time in las vegas
they recommended peter thomas roth
rose stem cell bio-repair cream
youll have to pry it out of my h
along with the farmacy hyaluronic acid serum
usually apply after my serum
i used this after using the amore pacific exfoliator
i received a sample of peter thomas roth's new rose stem cell products
i am a huge fan of ptr skin care
i used this over my serum
i loooove this cream.
i am currently on accutane- my skin is extremely dry
i swear this leave my skin feeling the same as when i use la mer
i will be replacing la mer with this!!
for a third of the price of la mer!!
i love this serum!
it really is a perfector!
it reminds me of the blur feature on an iphone or ipad photo app
its for skin texture etc
only con is it has a matte finish
the quality of the br
is def not heavy
love that it has some shea
it is effective most of the year except for dec/jan visits to high altitude parts of colorado
then i use the heavier cream of shea butter.
i don't think shea
dk why they call it shea
basicly i like this cream.
i know it's purposed for normal to oilier skin
i trust the l'occitane br
if you've used any other shea
ter products from this br
's products from europe due to the price tag here
om breakouts which i've never had before
i cannot wait to get my h
will use along with my indian clay mask
i just performed manual extractions on my nose
i read some of the other reviews that compared caudalie vs glam glow
this mask as well as their serum
now it's a holy grail
let me tell you it's amazinngggg my holy grail detox mask has been the one from pur cosmetics
ma peau est lisse et brillante
le seul hic c'est que j'arrive à peu près aux mêmes résultats avec les masques lush qui sont plus de 4 fois moins cher
7$ par rapport à 40$ pour le caudalie
give my skin a little r
the only con to this mask
je ne suis pas une fanatique de maquillages et traitements de la peau et etc
mais ce produit a un superbe effet sur ma peau
les pores semblent se vider par magie
i would be raving about french skin care products
this is a miracle mask
minus one point due to limonene / linalool
can't say if it is effective against acne per se
j'ai acheté ce masque pour a fille qui fait de l'acné
il est très efficace.
lui laisse une peau nettoyée
elle est très heureuse du résultat et retrouve son sourire à chaque traitement
this is my hg mask.
the directions say to massage in the excess after 15 min
i love dior skin line
i love all clinique products
btw my skin is combination.
i used the origins charcoal mask
i love this clay mask!
f yo have dry skin
i also like the black charcoal masks from thomas peter rooth
it dosent irritate my skin like other products
my skin is combo
i continue to use 2x a week
for oiler skins, this would be perfect.
i wanted something to add additional moisture to the sunday riley products i was already using
artemis was triple the thickness.
i just purchased this and luna.
my ritual: shu uemura anti ox cleansing oil
sunday riley's tidal moisturizer with a drop of luna
excess goes on the backs of my horridly aged h
i only use good genes at night
i start love oil product because sunday riley.
it's also worth noting that this bottle hasn't oxidized at all
this is due to the full regimen of sr products i use
love that sr products can be layered
i will be purchasing the luna oil from sunday riley as well
i will put bionic on top of it at times or the dr jart sleeping mask
decided to purchase this along with the luna oil
t dosnt cause breakouts
which is a miracle cause im a flippy flooper when im sleeping:
i tried bamboo waterlock as a mask, no results.
guess i should say "this elixir of the goddesses
i absolutely love sunday riley's luna night oil
younger since i've been using this serum
left it on for a min of 15 min
is great to have on h
if youre familiar with the korean skincare routine
i tried this product as a mask
hr or lil more
really freshens my face w/o breaking me out!
and a little goes a very lon way.
i wouldn't say this is a holy-grail product
i am a super fan of korean skin care
have been using amore pacific
only skincare n00bs would complain about this product's feeling on the skin
check out lisa eldridge's youtube video
korean skincare routine recently
wagon when i decided to adopt a k-beauty skin care regimen
i read the ingredients before h
by swiping your h
i wish it didn't have color dye in the ingredients: thus the 4 stars
both the tata harper
even the tata harper
i recently purchased this product after looking into korean beauty regimes
i apply to my dry skin with dry h
then i wet my h
i saw a sephora ad for the korean oil cleanser in my email
i've used the tatcha cleansing oil as well as the amore pacific
ts not the most convenient
i drink a gallon of water a day, too.
this is a holy grail.
uses a lot f natural products
plus its free of mineral oils
i than follow with my belif witch hazel toner
i warm up about a nickel size blob in my h
then i add some water to my h
i usually use bobby brown oil clenser
korean skincare is were its at!
urban decay becca kat von d
i know my oil production is hormonal
the bottle is huge compared to 'ladies' serum
i love this serum
ing for "do the right thing" is a korean skincare br
(i apply a firming serum to my cheeks).
this vit c lotion is top notch
the creme is much nicer than the serum
ter which im extremely allergic to
possibly the serum now
decided to try this after i tried the vitamin c serum
this is my new holy grail !
def notice a difference in my pores.
used this with my clarisonic mia
instead i use clean h
except the t-zone
that salicylic acid is usually preferred
i do use the boscia bb tinted cream almost daily
all their black collection is great for pores et oily skin
possibly due to daily application of bb cream as foundation?
we follow with witch hazel and serum/lotion.
unless you're an aardvark
i went into sephora r
even the lancôme french website
two pumps of the aqua gel
just a dime sized dollop of the creme rub together with h
the fab ultra repair cream at night
love it with the rest of the energie de vie line.
it contains alot of product
this product is 6 oz
oh btw, i have combination/oily skin.
i put a couple of pumps in my h
use energie de vie
i really want to try more from the energie de vie line now
sunday riley juno oil in my skin regiment
repairing oil u can get ur h
for those of u who have tried oils
i've used tons of different oils from josie maran
i think it's worth swallowing the pill
thats the effective ingredients
perfect for the now cold weather in fl.
i am obsessed with masking
this product is h
on the other h
this reviewer was using dr
once a week i use peter thomas rothwrinkle x peel pads
peter thomas roth therapeutic sulfur masque acne treatment masque
now in my 30s i get maximum sun exposure living in arizona
i used all the masks of glamglow
i cant stop touching my skin
i swear by this mask.
i've had a bazillion brightening products
i cannot wait to try new glam glow products
ive tried previous glamglow masks
i'd place it above tata harper resurfacing mask as well
i also use the sunday riley good genes serum at night so hopefully my scarring will be gone
i pair this with ole henriksen truth serum
rinse off in 30 min
i used this mask
you definitely will need to you still use your normal vitamin c serum
of this from a sephora inside jc penny
still am a huge supporter of glycolic acid products
oil etc from my face
i love the ruff side of these cloths.
i just made it thru my 1st pack
this is my replacement for dr
clean my dace really nicely
i started using dr gross glycolic acid 2-step wipes
so, instead of daily use, i use once/wk.
a smoothness i cannot explain.
it's amazing i'm in nj
feels super clean and super fre$h!
i rinsed it off with just my h
in reality need like 30 min to dry
this pairs great with the willow serum after.
i used the origins charcoal black mask
the bottle still looks br
i love this clay mask.
more oily than combo
i followed it up by using a serum
this mask is magic!!!
im more of a sheet mask or peel type of girl
def better than the origins charcol one.
i def feel like my skin is refreshed
everytime i use this mask
i typically hate masks
i love origins masks
i followed up with my serum
this mask is definitely a st
this mask is h
this is one of my holy grail masks!
i put this on sparingly after serum than foundation
oily in t-zone
i think the pearl
my holy grail are the ginseng
please bring back the ginseng i use it every night
not it's usual mo
i cannot wait to try the pomegranate
i tried the rose and pearl masks.
felt so texture-y i couldn't st
i rate the perl 4.8-5 .
and the avocado mask omg.
i received the pearl one in a multi skin care pack
i usually use the josie maran argan oil
i loveee that these are gel
i wish i was re-sealable though.
now just pick up a diff obe everytime i go to sephora
theres still allt left
please please please bring back the ginseng one!
alternate it with pearl
orchid bc my skin is also aging
if i go to a korean beauty site
use lactic acid/ha 5%
my usual night cream is origins high potency
my absolute favourite my new holy grail.
rubbing it in my h
hence the quick absorption
fix my oily t zone
finish off with makeup forever hd powder
if your face or h
convient à ma peau sensible
je suis "fan" de ce produit à très petit prix.
i wear estee lauder dw foundation
this was also my first oil cleanser so maybe i'm a noob
wear a fair amour of makeup daily
im never gona stop using it
omg i love this cleansing oil.
i am a contact lens wearer
the texture is aqueous.
i drink way too much diet coke
/or dry climates like la
prior to this i was using a different estee serum
this is the very first serum i've used
i loved clarins sculpting serum
ing by mixing it with peter thomas roth fast acting unwrinkle serum
full of antioxidants so great for anti-aging benefits
i tried this m
it will be a new hg skin product
i've tried several other oils from different br
my t-zone is oiler
in trying to combat the oily t-zone
didn't even break out during my hormone cycles
night along with the smart serum
it just seals all of my serums in
i jump from skin product to skin product
aprés avoir essayer plusieurs crèmes hydratantes pour les yeux voici enfin le produit qui m'a permis de remettre du cache-cerne sans qu'il plaque
adieu contour des yeux secs!
under eye whitehead r gone
i like clinique products a lot
the downside of tubs versus pumps
combine that with a tree nut allergy
the one for combo/oily
i am medium/tan skinned
i've followed the clinique line for over 20 yrs
gross especially in my t-zone
red african tea foaming cleanser
asian with oily/combination skin
it's just supposed to stimulate your natural collagen production
use the products that are correct those that contain vitamin c aha
victim in c restores circulation.
my photo aging picture was better than the 23 y/o ethnitcian
there is an enzyme released that destroys collagen
retinal decreased that enzyme 87%.
post treatment after using the tree i found that ella vera gel helps very well as does many things i use collagen
treatments etc than i can count
i add rens glycolic peel 2x a week
i don't think a body can build collagen in 3 weeks
vitamin c serum afterward.
if you are a "light eye gel or serum" type of person
hen had to stop because of mild scabbing
organic aloe vera works well too
i mix it with my cc cream or i apply a couple of drops to my brush before foundation
i got a sample of this before i left to europe
this is my holy grail makeup product.
i got the lemon grass + vitamin c oil
if i don't use powder
i got a sample size of the lemongrass infusion drops
i add a few drops of this with my ren calming gel cream
i used it with the cover fx foundation
c drops which i mix a few drops into my moisturizer morning
i replaced my la prairie oil with this oil serum
then try applying a bb cream or foundation on top of that
i now use these hydrating drops: 1-2 drops mixed in with my bb/foundation
these drops are genious
mainly bc i am reluctant to use them during the day bc they contain retinol
i mix this with my bb cream
n love with this product
i've mixed a couple drops with my serum
i also love the cucumber mask from ptr.
i am fair skinned
after a good primer loaded with peptides
on the other h
ter across my face as some moisturizers do
ive tried sooo many moisturizers
tried la mer for a little while
this product is ah-mazing!
...this ptr moisturizer is god sent!!
i love ptr and have all their masks too.
i live in las vegas where the air is dry
the tap water is mineralized
le anything too heavy
works well to combat dryness against the cold winds in chicago
central ny winters are cold
in combination with a sample of a murad night serum
this is a perfect dupe of sk-ii.
i am 30th, combine skin.
im 26 with combination skin
d is an expert in the field of uv protection
i also love the red bottle moisturizer as well from koh gen do
i start with sk-ii essence
my skin was plagued with r
i do know it's because of vitamin c
i can't blame the cream for my sensitivity
i layer sake balm over an oil serum morning
in the winter i used it as a serum
i do wash my h
i l-o-v-e this moisturizer!
add the boscia bb cream as a foundation
it kind of saved my skin in the winter in canada!
i loveeee this product also recomend the sake balm water
then the sake balm mosturizer above
i do layer it with a vitamin e serum at night.
i am 50+ and have dry skin.
then a sales associate suggested i layer this product between my serum
the gel version of this
last time i said this was using la mer.
yippee.this does help w/ both.
not use photoshop or a filter
le a new york summer
i couldn't stomach the $80+ price tag
for reference i've used kiehl's avocado treatment
not as thick as dr
i am still using the esteer lauder anr serum for night
i tried using perricone md
perricone md made my skin burn
unfortunately sephora does not sell this cream in canada
i guess the retinal cream has its contri
shame to sephora for not selling this cream in canada
thi one dries quick
it def makes my tired eyes fee refresh
does it really restore collagen like it claims?
i credit that to this eye cream
i like the apothecary jar
its almost a liquid-y cream
can be combined with the l'occitane immortelle eye serum
ion no about det girl
better then lamer, crete anciennne, la prairie !
iam 30 with combo ski
which is basically vitamin a that is converted into the active form of retinoid in the epidermis
the french mustve gotten it right
it moisturized mine w/o being greasy
i like to pick in a drop of jojoba oil.
this creme balances me out.
i don't break out with this creme.
esp if you have combination skin
take lots of prescription meds
alas, the search goes on for a de-flaker
i live in florida
france i loved the face
i love these trans-foam clays.
i am loving dr. jart products!
love this...and all dr jart products.
i ordered this product because i wanted to do min facials at home
for my skin atleast
my blemishes from using a horrible peter thomas roth scrub have dried up thanks to this clay
best one i've purchased since i currently struggle w acne
as with most dr
i like to use this instead of my regular dr
i've used fab skin rescue daily face cream
it does a decent job with ud eyeshadow
not all over like a p
i love these masks!
dr jart products have done my skin wonders.
i only tried the dr jart white trans foam clay
the white trans foam clay is literally a gold mine
i mainly use the green one on my t zone for my acne
7oz will go a long way
package says 3 min i dont have the patience
the white is nice for monthly hormone changes.
i live in texas
hormonal pimples are reduced after a week of using micro water + micro foam cleanser
i've wanted to try this serum
winter i will apply "belif aqua bomb
this serum has a thicker consistency than typical serums
rice enzyme polish have literally transformed my skin in a way i didn't think was possible
and theres gold in it soo!!
i am hooked and highly suggest this serum.
after with this serum although i i've never been a big believer in the whole serum concept
i tried serum foundations that wrecked my combo skin
the combination of the serum
this serum is so stunning
the serum balances my skin well
this is the best serum i've tried in a while.
i love this serum
this serum is great!
this serum is a go-to favorite
i love this serum
i love the serum
i love this serum
than the rx stuff
it has good anti-aging ingredients such as several peptides
it's the same packaging as their microalgae oil
this serum is just too thick for a dropper
t which was supposed to mimic botox
the sk-ii essence
the urban decay b6 spray
followed by the sk-ii cellumination mask-in lotion which is a bit more "milky
their retin lifting product
the serum goes on easily
then follow with this power serum
my mild gm collins oxygen cleanser
im on my 3rd jar
fair w good skin
first of all im clearly obsessed with perricones firming activator
more liquid-y than gel
if you've tried armani fluid sheer in 7
namaste to the creators of this amazing product!
was looking to replace my la mer
not as pricey as la mer
which la mer doesn't do b/c it's too heavy
finally a pricey low-dose antibiotic
im also using some dr jart products for redness as well so maybe its the combination of both?
i love this serum!!!
my skin loves this serum!
i love all of the ren products
this serum is by far my #1 favourite
i am currently on accutane
every time i use this serum
my new holy grail
f you have normal
he was quick to recommend ren anti-redness serum
e this only to the ren serum
i highly recommend the use of this serum
try it beauty warriors!!!
then apply belief aqua bomb
this serum has been a great help to me as i dot the medication on my face
then blend it together with the serum
i am really enjoying my new ren serum.
i went to the derm
t works to help repair the skin
i love this serum--it sinks into your skin amazingly well
is just the perfect serum
along with the tria blue light device from sephora
this product single-h
slather it on my h
this glycolic serum is freaking amazing!!
the reviewer said to alternate a glycolic acid like this one with a lactic acid
the sunday riley lactic acid at night
this vitamin c is the best of the best .
at night i use a murad retinol serum
my first time trying lancer products
as an mua you get to test
prior to using the lancer retexturizing cream
like the austin/cane wipes
paired with the radiance vitamin c cream in the mornings
lancer is my dermatologist
j'utilise cette crème contour des yeux depuis une semaine
l'intensité de mes cernes à diminué de façon spectaculaire
avant, ils étaient bruns très foncés.
maintenant, ils sont beaucoup plus pâles.
mes ridules s'estompent doucement et mon contour des yeux a toute l'hydratation voulu
le meilleur produit du monde
pour la quantité de crème en vaut tout de même le coût
for nighttime i mix it in woth a little chanel le lift eye serum
the lancer system has made my skin amazing
i added this to my nightly regimen
it's best to use this product with the glycolic acid cream by dr
lancer or another product
this vitamin c cream is the best for me.
the lancer product line is h
immediately discovered it's inability to match dr
t produces less oils
i wear it on top of the dr
i liked the ceramide cream
i love my dr. jart gel cream.
i applied it to my combo skin
didn't over hydrate my oily t-zone
i didn't use this over the ceramidin liquid
will only buy dr
my bb cream adheres perfectly
i pair it with a serum
i first use liquid from dr
then i give it about 1 min to absorb
i am using over serums
tend to be dryer in the ne winter
night with the matching eye serum
decided to try the serum
i used the serum alone both times
i wouldn't recommend to use as st
it's more conditioning deep without being sticky than sk-ii clear lotion
perfect pair with my luna
it foams with the foreo luna 2
this cleaner is holy grail status!
perfect pair with my luna
i applied argan oil to my face
left my skin looking like i'd just taken a selfie with a samsung beauty filter
this has to be my favorite ptr mask.
i love ptr masks
perfect for az heat and weather changes.
in sodium hyaluronate form
i love clay masks
it's the holy grail of perfect skin care.
the serum for travel
it worked well with my serum
i spread it in my h
i am an oily combo skin type
after using my consonant hydraextreme i put this on
this one has over come everything including my expensive 310$ 2 oz la mer jar
i live in miami fl wich is extremly humid
i got this from a 100 pts redemption
or maybe im a fatty
i read that the copper is great for firming
i live in the north of canada so the air is exceptionally dry- this moisturizer is perfect for that
almost oil-like potion
i decided to purchase this perfection serum
this serum is truly perfect.
when i run out of my other serum i will purchase a bottle of this
all because of this serum.
however this serum works wonder on me
clarins is an absolute skincare genious of a company
it acts like a primer for the bb cream
the lux brush head
ard for a bar of soap
my t zone is balanced
applies the lapis oil
or the herbivore line overall
so when i found hb soap bars
it's a normal sized bar soap 2.
my skin is smoother after a few days of use in combination with biossance's vitamin c rose oil
or herbivore in general
this is a holy grail product for me!
i like it better then the sunday riley luna oil.
well anytime a natural br
i like this oil.
i'd been using sunday riley luna oil for a few months
i tried this product as a possible alternative to the higher price pointed sunday riley luna oil- similar active ingredients
my hormones went nuts
i finally decided to try herbivore br
this oil reminds me of sunday riley luna oil.
the sr oils are all very viscose
i also use their blue tansy mask
i now want to try more blue tansy products
a super oily t-zone by mid day
my hormones are haywire
i used the lapis oil for about 3 months.
i would still recommend the lapis oil to anyone who won't break out from the fractionated coconut oil
tansey oil comes mainly from german chamomile flowers
it smells a bit like sunday riley's luna
i let it sink in before applying a bb cream
the lapis oil is targeted for people with combo/oily
the other two facial oils from herbivore
i love all hb products that i've tried.
lol, i am obsessed with the lapis facial oil.
also know as texas
the lapis oil is totally life changing.
i think i can ditch my usual salicylic acid treatment + moisturizer
it balances my sensitive, oily t-zone.
the sunday riley luna
different natural/organic br
after some time of using i found that the vitamin c serum made me break out
i can't get enough of herbivore botanicals' products
holy grail, for sure.
after using the lapis oil just one time
herbivore maybe a better choice.
i am combination/normal
i really like the rollerball applicator
herbivore phoenix at night
even in the t zone
thanks to the jojoba oil in this
until i tried the herbivore lapis oil
ful of facial oils i've tried
the lapis is my go to
i've just ordered the lapis oil
this facial oil is my holy grail!
i recently purchased herbivore's blue tansy mask
in the morning when i prep my skin i mix a few drops of this oil with the sunday riley tidal cream
the lapis during the day
i tried the herbivore as the tsubaki is little light
i've tried the $170 rodin olio lusso face oil
ps i also noticed that my cuticles are amazing ever since using this
as i use the sunday riley luna at night
during the day i alternate to lapis
i am a retin-a user
j'ai vu ce produit sur le site de gwyneth paltrow
je voulais essayer une huile pour le visage alors j'ai tenté le coup
quelle belle découverte et quel produit parfait pour les aimants du naturel
ma peau est plus belle et a l'air plus en santé.
ce n'est pas trop gras à l'application et est absorbé rapidement
je l'utilise avec le masque brighten de la même compagnie
leaves a little for my h
use the lapis oil
thanks to the sea buckthorn oil which is a natural retinoid
i prefer it over tarte, argan, origins ect.
like all herbivore products
lapis oil as well
serum + another oil under it
i assumed it was the coconut oil.
depuis que j'utilise ce masque
ma peau est moins sujette aux imperfections
elle parait plus en santé et moins fatiguée.
je l'utilise avant l'huile pour le visage phoenix de la même marque que j'adore aussi
the ingredients list mentions capric triglycerides
saw that it's actually fractionated coconut oil
i follow with a serum
on the other h
herbivore does not disappoint.
it works especially well after i've done the pineapple enzyme mask from herbivore
i stumbled upon the herbivore br
it’s the perfect substitution for a night cream for me
i actually wanted to try the lapis oil
i apply dr jart's ceramidin day tint on top
herbivore is the br
it looks like i have a light bb or cc cream on
for any years i've used la prarie's peel
i can't wait to add more of herbivores products to my beauty routine
i must say i love herbivore.
i would recommend stiring
lip conditioner from herbivore
from drugstore to high end br
i love hb masks!
peter thomas roth sulfur mask
sometimes it just r
this mask works miracles.
very similar to the sr luna oil.
the smell is v good as well
def follow the directions
the first 2x i used it
this line is my holy grail
2x/week instead of 1x
avid user of glycolic products
along with good genes at night
i prefer clay ones
this is my holy grail mask
i just recently started using differin which is a form of retinol
the cooling effect which i looooove
i love herbivore products
while i was on accutane
in addition to vitamin c products
especially in the t-zone
tata harper burned my face.
without burning the way tata harper mask did
i exchanged the good genes lactic acid treatment for this mask yesterday
i found the gg too harsh
gg left my skin parched and flakey.
btw i have normal to dry
oily skin on my t-zone
it's a wonderful vitamin c serum
i am of indian decent
maybe a slight tingle from the aha/bha for chemical exfoliation
if you want brightening only you should try lactic acid or alpha ar
would recommend this mask over + over + over again
followed by the lapis oil
i used this whole jar.
this is my 2nd eye cream i try
have def signs of aging which im traumatized by
in combination with the root serum
es are visible skin brightening
i recommend drunk elephant b-hydra hydration gel
i reserve 5 stars for my hg items
very impressed with the echinacea ingredient to activate cell turnover
holy grail for me.
perfect for mn winters
this is a holy grail product.
nc50 in mac foundation
i just bought my third bottle of this serum
this serum has significantly calmed
i feel like i'm warding off aging with the antioxidant protection
i will buy this anti-aging serum forever
i will never buy another anti-aging serum again.
thisis the 2nd serum i have used.
this is an awesome serum !
i honestly think this serum
while trying this serum out i cleansed with micellar water
glowing with the addition of this serum to my routine
plus it's much better then dr denis gross hydration booster
think of it as an activator i guess.
i really love this serum.
i really love this serum
bought this when i returned the korres black pine serum
i put this serum on under tarte maracuja oil
and sleep tight balm in the p.m.
i've found my new favorite serum.
t doesn't add to my natural oils
pairs neicely with the tlc framboos syrum
this is one of the best vitamin c serums out there
the serums orange not because the vitamin c oxidized
this product is my holy grail.
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
have tried everything from la mer to drug store br
i took a chance on this serum
so this serum works wonders.
i've used a lot of high end vitamin c serums over the past 20 years
the c-firma is one of the best i've used.
no orange cast to my h
i've used it blended with the b-hydra as well as prior to the b-hydra with that mixed with the korres golden krocus elixir
i've found that buying the mini duo of the c-firma
i've tried a variety of vitamin c serums
• female • 20 yrs old • normal to dry skin • post accutane treatment • in my routine since june 1st 2017
i love the whole de line.
paired with the b serum
this is the only vitamin c serum i will ever use!
it's worth the price because the packaging keeps the vitamin c from going bad
it's not automatic results you need to build up vitamin c
know that vitamin c has unstable ingredients
it's the pure vitamin c and ferulic acid.
i can say that it was a splurge for a vitamin c product
the vitamin c is there
vitamin c tends to be an unstable ingredient
i love that this has a high percentage of vitamin c
've been using the clinique "fresh squeezed" vitamin c for a bit
from what i've learned vitamin c with a color is oxidized
this serum is great!
i like the smell as of this serum as well.
which is a problem i had with the ole henriksen truth serum
c firma in the morning
framboos at night = magic potion
after using the night serum along with the c-firma day serum
true vitamin c is not supposed to smell good
we often associate vitamin c with citrus fruit
which goes against what de st
the serum is lightweight
this serum is expensive
i want to incorporate niacinamide into my routine
i also use the tlc night serum
this serum is incredible.
mix it with the b hydra and you get perfection.
i also started using peter thomas roth max complexion correction pads which helped
but, this vitamin c serum worked like a charm.
i think that's because of the high vitamin c concentrate
great product, i truly recommend this serum.
i tried other c serums because i had read a bunch of reviews about de serum turning color
even if it's not for the vit c
although i like the b hydra gel
i am in love with this serum.
when my esthetician told me that the $15 amazon vitamin c wasn't doing anything for my skin
i decided to invest in the de c-firma
i think it works better with tcl.
but none have performed like the c-firma.
i never got so fast results with de br
i've used several different c serums over the years
the first is the reservoir effect of the serum
c serums never smell great
after i wash my face i use one pump of this then two pumps of the b hydra serum
f i cant prevent breakouts i wanna get rid of the scars asap
this serum is amazing (as is everything from de).
vitamin c serum as i noticed my skin wasn't behaving the same after prolonged use of truth serum by ole
gentle serum to use under makeup
the framboos in the minis
firma in the morning after toning with glycolic acid
then followed with d-hydra oil from de
i feel like c-firma just put my skin to the next level
ladies in your 20s, you need this day serum!
vitamin c has really helped them fade.
i prefer de over the other br
i truly believe this in conjunction with the d.e.
if the glowing skin does return i plan to swign to ole truth serum
i mix this with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel
gorgeous all day thanks to this amazing serum
etc on my skin
i mix with the de marula oil
when i first started using this serum
i think my skin just needed some time to get used to the potent amount of vitamin c in this product
i used as my treatment product at night even though it's called a day serum
i can highly recommend this vitamin c!
as l-ascorbic acid should be
was pleased to find a vitamin c product that excluded those ingredients
this is the most effective vitamin c product that i have come across
i am in canada
i love to mix the c-firma with marula oil
when i use this serum regularly
i usually mix with the umbra and marula.
love that with the de line
could not justify purchasing the skinceuticals ce ferulic
i know that vitamin c is naturally sticky
i know that good quality vitamin c with ferulic acid
this serum honestly takes the dullness out of my face
this serum and the marula oil are my holy grail.
trying to mimic the k beauty steps
b hydra gel followed by light primer
i'd never before used vitamin c on my face
i like this serum a lot
vitamin c serum that i'm aware of
this is my favorite product of the de line.
to me, this is de's best serum.
this serum is incredible!
i mean holy grail good.
since vitamin c is extremely unstable
even toned as this serum
a lot of vitamin c serums would irritate my skin to no end
i knew that my skin needed vitamin c due to years of sun exposure
all were minis with exception of b-hydra
i love the de line
other vitamin c serums i've tried have been way too sticky
c is very unstable
c i've tried had oxidized
this is my favorite vit c
that's what l-ascorbic acid is
this is my favorite serum.
at night i use the glycolic serum with the pink
apply this serum all over my face
f u buy this product eyes
this is the best vitamin c serum i have ever tried
i still use the becca backlight primer over it
it is a holy grail product
t vitamin c drops for anti-aging
i usually don't wear primer since i don't like silicone
a full 60 seconds for the "tacky" feeling ti disappear
a great intro to korean beauty products!
this is k-beauty in which you're supposed to double cleanse
cleansing abilities are amaze balls
i also use the egg mask
give yourself a beard or mousse-tache
i brought this soap to add into my korea soap collection
i can't even st
who doesn't like a little k-beauty?
it's just like the guys face sc
for those of you out of the k-beauty loop
this is a korean product after all.
with an oily t-zone
maybe they meant a quail egg instead of a chicken egg??
korean products have always been my favourites
korean skin care is way ahead of us here in america
right before i apply serum
i love k beauty.
i massaged it in for a min or two
i adore the egg cream mask
unlike other korean masks that i have tried
can't believe this br
the dropper bottle is terrible
no need for a primer just follow with the resveratrol lift spf
this serum is amazing
it's the perfect all in one serum.
i love this serum.
recently started using this serum.
this serum is special.
i concentrate this serum along with the caudalie resveratrol night cream under my left eye
the serum did lift
i am a skin care junkie searching for the perfect anti aging products
it's truly a miracle serum
then you should get caudalie resveratrol
i love how lightweight this serum is
this is by far the best serum i've tried!
ike it better than the origins ginzing cream
la mer lifting eye serum
i wasn't 100% sold on it as an eye creme
really liked caudalie premier cru
good alternative price wise to chanel le lift eye cream
contain retinol or vitamin c are just too strong for daywear
i don't mind these regimens
i pair it with another corrector from skinceuticals
this serum is hella pricey
if you're will to give this serum a shot
this serum does the trick.
i am on my second bottle of this serum
a vitamin c serum in the morning
i read the raving reviews for this serum
i put the serum on the spot only
this serum literally works overnight!
decided to buy this serum to even out my skin
i read online that long term use of hydroquinone acid
i love this serum.
i often have a problem with bad reactions to products that contain vitamin c
just wash your h
this serum is a life saver
this serum really does
during the day i use "the truth serum vitamin c collagen booster" by ole henriksen
im a skin care junkie.
ive used so many skin care products.
kind of smells like sp3rm lol
with this serum it helped so much
this serum has worked wonders for my skin.
this stuff is a-maz-ing!!!!
t lasts forever as well
when this lil serum runs out i will be buying the set again
instead i take a q-tip
i can now just use a light powder vs
best best lightening serum ever!
hav def notice a reduction of my dark marks
an sa recommended the murad aha/bha exfoliating cleanser
i've had a hormonal breakout since feb
this is a holy grail!
i got a small sampler from sephora of this cleanser plus the collagen infusion
i also switch off between ptr retinol one night
as well with the mk microdermabrasion refine
this is my holy grail.
also use on my arms to treat kp
great to use before applying a kp treatment.
i've use tons of different br
it has alpha hydroxy acid
beta hydroxy acid which is perfect for my discoloration marks
i like to alternate w/the resurgence
after trying bha by itself i wanted to try the aha/bha combination in one same cleanser
it ahs the added benefit of aha/bha exfoliating acids
it's even better than the md forte!
as opposed to paper-y
i gt this in the better skin bonus kit
many recommend aha/bha as part of a skincare regimine
i let my 15y/o use it twice a week
the aha/bha cleanser isn't harsh
sine it is a bit much for my face to h
with the combination of three different acids
doesn't have the benefits of aha/bha
tip: i would warm in h
the castor oil in here is *supposed* to help with lash growth
s using luke warm
has reduced my t-zone oiliness
then i saw chriselle lim recommend this
i tried a foaming one
as well as several highly-rated korean beauty br
way better than shu umera oil.
just one pump in dry h
it's now my hg product!
saw lisa eldridge mention this
60 seconds i wet my foreo luna
due to its low ph it doesn't strip the skin at all
the active ingredient is not salicylic acid
i'll use a milder cleanser like cetaphil in the morning so my sebaceous gl
i get random breakouts around my t-zone.
we've tried countless otc cleansers
i switched to kate somerville gentle face wash
for moisturizer i used dr jart water drop
le it as an adult
just use some aqua bomb
the salicylic acid is the perfect amount
i love it even more than la mer
i try to keep to organic
makes my face look ah-mazing
which i'm acne prone to the 3rd °
from using a prescription retinol
it's a decent price for a sr product
works well with luna oil
was immediately excited to use the 1oz blue moon
wash my face with a foreo luna
bc it does get oily
i really massage it in for about 2 min
i follow with my josh rosenbrook hydrating mist then my sunday riley juno oil
followed by luna oil
post-accutane user here!
i rub a bit on my h
tatcha cleansing oil/ la mer foaming
the paraben free formula over my former holy grail
follow with the sunday riley ceramic slip cleanser
definitely a holy grail product!
ed it to the fact that i started getting into skincare
i love luna night oil and good genes.
ter instead of this for same result
i follow this with artemis and good genes.
just like all of the sunday riley products
however i can use the sunday riley balm as a st
ceramic slip or charisma creme
removing a star bc of cost
also bc you could get a similar effect with a tub of coconut oil from your grocery store
nice product tho and i love sunday riley.
i follow it with luna
some other sunday riley products
the peter thomas roth gold
ter smell at first
this is a product for asap results.
wait 20-30 min before applying other products.
it does have resveratrol
hyaluronic acid in it
i received a sample of this moisturizer in my january play
i love that this has both hyaluronic acid
the oder oh my lord
ter into your skin
i do love the lux feel of this cleanser
which works like a japanese konjac sponge when wet
yes the balm contains genuine 24k colloidal gold
ter is perfect for melting your makeup off
ters it doesnt leave a film on the skin after
ter is more like a thick oil
rub it between your h
i even use on top of my h
this is my first ptr product
love this 24k gold primer
it has definite strong firming properties that are very visible after a 10 min nu face treatment
le a small amount of water
doesn’t dry as fast as the std
i see it as my evening serum.
ive also used cheap electrode gel to save $$ with my nuface
it would be nice if a generic br
i should say i ise omorovicza's thermal cleansing balm
i literately have all the erno laszlo masks
i used my fingers to massage the product into my t-zone
i received a sample of hydra- therapy memory sleep mask by erno laszlo
had to use my h
hydra-therapy memory sleep mask has worked wonders
i received the hydra-therapy memory sleep mask as a sample
hydra-therapy memory sleep mask is my first overnight mask
