my makeup doesn't flake off
my makeup lasts longer throughout the day
it takes off my makeup
this seems to remove my makeup
thoroughly clean my skin without stripping it
makeup easily applies over it.
i do my full makeup removal routine at night
i didn't find it to be too greasy to wear under makeup
on your entire face
after i wash my face
great in the day with makeup
makes my makeup apply flawlessly
my makeup goes on so nicely
my under eye makeup wasn't as smooth
i wash my face
the peeling skin makes it impossible to apply makeup
helped to give my face a flawless look with my makeup on
i don't even like face masks
i do wish it had more of a pore cleaning effect like the boscia mask
my only complaint would be that it pills up under makeup
skin looks like i have makeup on
i almost have enough confidence to wear no makeup now
makeup would just slide off
then put on my makeup
works fine under makeup also
if i don't wear makeup
it works so well under makeup or after cleaning everything off at the end of the day
i never feel the need to wear makeup when i use this serum
put it on under my makeup or wear only this with no makeup because it's that good
the perfect primer for makeup
flake whenever i would put makeup
is very good with removing makeup
then if i put on makeup it works very well under.
my makeup goes on bettee
once i put on makeup the dry patches on my face really shown through
even though i moisturized prior to applying makeup
it takes off makeup so well
leaves my face smooth without having to apply any moisturizer
i do feel this bar takes off makeup well
i needed something to put under my makeup to prevent dryness throughout the day
i rarely wear makeup on my face
it's great under makeup as well.
it also works great under makeup
it can be used everyday or as a part of your pre-makeup routine
it wears nicely under makeup
right before i put my makeup on
my makeup goes nicely on top of it
my night eye serum is too slick to put makeup over
it wears well under makeup
my makeup doesn't stay on as long
it sinks in quickly and wears well under makeup.
that's good when i'm using before makeup
with makeup on my face
if your not wearing any makeup
very nice for no makeup makeup days.
does not interfere with makeup application
aside from face masks
it doesn't leave a grey tint to your face.
i wear very little makeup
even under my makeup
this cream wears well under makeup
it is the perfect makeup primer
i do not have problems putting makeup over it
noticeably more balanced when i wear makeup
it doesn't interfere with my makeup
while she did my eye makeup
because i like to get on with my makeup
then your makeup on top
also makes a big difference to wear to bed after washing your face
my makeup is melting off by the end of my day
put on my nars primer
i put my makeup on at 4 am
my makeup literally looks like i just put it on
this mask completely eliminated it
i love to use this mask as a primer before i do my makeup
i wore this under makeup
it made my skin look as if there was no problems underneath my makeup
without any makeup i even got complimented on how "fresh" my complexion looked
then i use no more needles before applying makeup or going out to events
i apply this before makeup
even though i had no makeup on
looks great under makeup.
makes my makeup come out great <3
plus my makeup goes on smoother.
before makeup i'll put it on
my makeup comes out flawless afterwards
have no need to wipe it off as recommended
this mask gets better as you wear it
the makeup applies very smoothly
rids my face of dry patches from prolonged makeup wear
my makeup sits better on my face now
balances face wash after i use this
you wash your face first
it covers your whole face
s to wash my face
if i wear makeup
i even like how my face looks without any makeup on
love this face wash!
it takes away all of the makeup
it washes off my makeup
it removes all traces of makeup
i love this face wash.
i look glowy after every wash
it is the only face wash i use
don't remover my makeup first
it gets out all the makeup
be able to wash your entire face
i love this face wash.
a little bit of this product goes a long way- it removes my makeup
she approved of this face wash
i tried 19 different face washes
it takes off makeup
rid your skin of build up
this removes makeup, on face and eyes, so well.
all face washes i've used before left behind makeup
someone who wants their makeup off
i still had makeup visibly crusted on some parts of my face despite the cleanser claiming to dissolve makeup
it takes off all my makeup
black mask plus this face wash
prior to using face wash
makeup from my face
i like to have a clean slate before washing my face
am making this my primary face wash
removed all my makeup.
even the hard to remove kvd lock it products.
i finally found a face wash to remove my makeup.
it took away all my makeup
incredible at removing makeup
completely removed all my makeup including waterproof mascara
i love this face wash.
using it with clarisonic mia 2 remove my makeup better than on its own
loosening up your makeup
most don't do a very good of actually dissolving the makeup
this cleanser really does a good job of breaking down makeup
i take off eye makeup with a wipe first
it removes makeup too which is a huge plus
i usually wear a lot of makeup
long wear makeup daily
i wear a good amount of makeup
no crazy scrubbing needed.
makeup off my face without being harsh
my makeup looks great
i apply it before i apply my makeup
looks great under makeup, as well!
after a long day with makeup
my skin looked amazing without makeup.
i can wear this in the morning before applying makeup without issues except it does have some pulling
is a dream under makeup
i could skip wearing makeup thanks to this product
wears great under my primer
however, this does not work well under my makeup.
as a makeup primer on dry skin days
this is perfect under my makeup
this sets great whether it's for a pre-bed face or for a makeup base
works well under makeup
i never have to reapply cream at all thru the day even with all the makeup i put on
i washed my face with my regular face wash
as if i were already wearing makeup
this is both a mask plus a scrub all in one
i lightly put it on and scrub my face with it.
or right before i put my makeup on
when i dont wear makeup
it's as good as any product that a professional esthetician has used on my face over the years
i wear a lot of makeup on an everyday basis
removes all my makeup while leaving my skin smooth
i also use it to remove my makeup.
this one removes my makeup very easily
takes out all my makeup.
cleans all the makeup off my skin which i found my last cleanser wasn't doing a very good job of
it works well to remove makeup
this one seems to do the same job removing makeup without being too harsh
it removes my make up well
i think this cleanser does a good job of removing makeup
removes all of my makeup
removes all my makeup without drying my skin
this product removes all the make up
it removes makeup without a problem
this does a one-step job of removing makeup
removes my make-up
it even removes the make-up
makeup from my skin
it is a facewash that also removes makeup.
removes makeup with cleansing face
gets rid of makeup and doesn dry out yor skin.
removes make-up even eye makeup with burning or irritation
it does an excellent job removing makeup
i wear a heavy amount of face makeup
yet it removes all of my makeup
yes even the many coats of mascara that have set on my eyes for 12-15 hours that day
would get large again after wearing makeup for a day
i put this mask on
i like boscia's black face wash
just got it on a whim because i love the charcoal makeup remover from this line
i used my make up brush to apply it to my face
had such an eady wash off
i like using this mask when i've been wearing a lot of makeup all week
makeup would stick and look dark.
i could actually go makeup free
it doesn't wear off
wears well on the skin
this is not too heavy and makes my makeup glow.
makeup didn't look as good
doesn't cause my makeup to slide around
doesn't disturb the makeup i put on top of it
it sets the stage for makeup.
i've also found that makeup now applies much smoother
makeup goes on so smooth
my makeup goes on flawlessly with this serum
i don't wear foundation
when i'm not wearing makeup
i am not a huge fan of bare minerals makeup
i love the way it feels under makeup
my makeup applies better and last longer.
have been using with the face wash
my makeup goes on better and lasts longer.
i like to use it on natural makeup days when i'm not wearing lipstick
my makeup looked amazing
does well underneath makeup
i can also put a full face of makeup on over it
i either put it on my face if i go out without makeup
i also put it under my eyes before i apply makeup
apply the rest of my makeup as per usual
keep it in my travel makeup bag because it's so versatile
i like it as a subtle highlighter on no/minimal makeup days
the light breakouts started before the makeup
i may try using this under my makeup on dry days!
i tried it underneath makeup
want to give it a try to milk makeup oil
i used with or without makeup, flawless.
without makeup for smoother
after i wash my face
it still wears fine under my makeup
how it works with my primer with i put on my makeup
i don't use with makeup
especially at night when i wash my makeup off
as part of my makeup to highlight
i wipe off my makeup with a towelette
want to wipe it on my face
it doesn't affect my eyeliner either
also allows your makeup to stick to it making it last longer
i carry makeup wipes
i also like to use it as a primer before makeup.
i applied this to my skin before makeup
hold makeup very well
i used this product underneath my makeup this morning
this stick makes me look alive even without the makeup
i find it really easy to apply over makeup
she hates putting creams
or makeup of any sort on her face
this cooling water makes makeup apply under my eyes well
as far as working as a primer for makeup it isn't the best for my combination skin as it obviously doesn't cancel any oiliness
i wouldn't recommend wearing it under makeup
her makeup today is so smooth!
as someone with very dry skin i use it on my face under makeup or when i'm not wearing makeup
primed my skin for makeup
this also looks great under makeup
doesn't pill under makeup
it's a great base for my makeup
transforms makeup when you put before foundation.
i wear this everyday twice a day under makeup
smooth both under makeup or as a st
it works great for melove to apply before makeup application
if i want to use it in the evening as part of makeup cleansing
if you plan on using it for taking off heavy makeup
massaging the makeup off
it removed my daily face makeup
i usually use wipes to remove my waterproof eye makeup first then i use this afterwards
always remove your eye first before using any cleanser
used the mask primer as a traditional makeup primer
it kept my makeup flawless throughout the day.
even if you don't want a primer for facial masks
i can tell that my facial masks apply much smoother
i love that deep dive removes all my makeup in one wash
i love that deep dive removes all my makeup in one wash
it removes all my makeup
it removes all makeup
it works so well to remove my makeup!
i personally use it after i remove my makeup
i've also been told that you can use it to remove your makeup
it does not do a good job removing non-waterproof mascara
full makeup no mascara left clean.
takes off your makeup without making my face feel super tight
these do not remove makeup or feel super clean
i would not say it can serve as your only makeup remover
if you like to take up with a makeup wipe
then get the remaining makeup this is perfect
i love this face wash!
my struggle was finding a cleanser that was able to remove all my makeup without stripping my skin
takes makeup completely off
is a miracle for removing makeup.
it takes away all my makeup
this is a great cleanser i use it every night i'm not sure if it takes makeup off
i take mine off with a makeup remover wipe before cleansing
it takes my makeup off
if you do that it will remove the makeup!!
used it everyday after wearing makeup
i've seen some reviews that this does not remove makeup well
it really gets rid of makeup
i don't use this to remove my makeup
i find it cleans my skin without stripping it
i wipe my face off with a makeup wipe
when i use my face cloth to scrub i can see all of the makeup that didn't come off with the wipes
it removes even my most stubborn eye makeup effortlessly
removes all my excess makeup
it really gets all of my makeup off
you can see in the foam all the makeup coming off
it does beyond amazing removing all types of makeup
evening to remove what is left of any makeup residue
removes makeup like a charm!
gets rid of any trace of makeup
removes any makeup your makeup wipe didn't get off
helps remove my makeup from the day
when i used this cleanser it got makeup off that i didn't even know makeup was there
gets every ounce of makeup off
it removes all makeup
it melts off all my makeup including benefit's they're real mascara
this is by far the best face wash i've used to get my makeup off
this product was able to remove it except the mascara
not my top choice for removing makeup
removes any traces of makeup
great at removing any kind of makeup
it remove makeup and clear my face.
my makeup doesn't melt off any more
effective for removing makeup
it removes all my makeup
my makeup come right off
it takes off all or my makeup which is mostly water proof
makeup from the day
helps prep my skin before applying any makeup
this is the best face wash i've ever used.
i wear makeup every single day
it takes very little for each wash
i typically use clinique's take the day off balm when i have makeup on
'm not sure of its ability to remove makeup
this is the only thing i found that removes my makeup
removes all my makeup in as little as one or two pumps
it lasts such a long time and clears face.
my new go-to face wash and makeup remover in one!
don't want to waste a travel size especially it makes my face smoother without makeup on
this face wash has completely changed my skin.
this is the best face wash an makeup remover ever
removes all of my makeup with two pumps even the toughest mascara
it also takes makeup off really well
face washes i have tried
when i first used this face wash
it easily removes all of my makeup as well
i love this face wash!
to take my makeup off
doesn't leave my face feel "oily" after taking my makeup off
removes all my makeup
this is the perfect makeup removal to avoid dry skin
easily removes all my makeup
but this one doesn't, and removes my make up too!
i don't even need a eye make up remover for double work
it works so well to remove even heavy makeup
easily removes all of my makeup
how gentle yet effective it is at removing all of my makeup
if my skin is on the dry side i just use this to remove my makeup
it does a great job removing makeup as well.
i would use makeup wipes to take off my makeup
my acne has decreased so much just from switching to a cleansing oil instead of using a makeup wipe to take off my makeup
it takes off my makeup
even my waterproof eye makeup with ease
my favorite way to take makeup off.
it's also the perfect way for me to take all of my makeup of
rather than using makeup wipes that made me break out
didn't really get under the surface to remove all of my excess makeup
it gets everything off without stripping
it removes all make up
it changed my makeup game
finally something that removes mascara
gets every bit of makeup off
takes all my makeup off
i can't imagine using any of my old makeup removers again after this
does a decent jiob taking off makeup.
i wear anywhere from natural to glam makeup
even on the days i wear more makeup this removes all of my makeup including eye makeup
it takes off all of your makeup even hard to remove waterproof mascara
removed all my makeup
nothing has ever completely removed waterproof mascara like this does
completely removes all my eye makeup with no residue
with this wash i notice it removes it all
it removes all of my makeup
i really love how it cleanses off my makeup.
i can remove my eye-makeup by using only this product
i like the fact that it can also remove eye-makeup as long as it’s not waterproof
works great to remove all my makeup
i do remove my makeup with a makeup remover wipe prior to washing my face every day
it is perfect under makeup
when i do makeup
the dry skin completely went away so now when i put my makeup on the makeup doesn't stick to any dry skin
has made my makeup application look so much more smooth
is nice under makeup
hurts after i wash my makeup off.
even if at yesterday's makeup
this makes my skin look so amazing i haven't needed to put on makeup
glowy i noticed a huge difference when applying makeup
beautiful before makeup application
after i take my makeup off i used origina frothy face wash
t is too much to wear during the day with makeup
i would do my makeup
now my makeup stays on all day
i don't wear my makeup as often
helps my makeup apply smoother as well.
it does help create a nice base before i put my makeup on
i even went without makeup my skin looked so good
if you wear light makeup most days
this is a must have for me in my makeup routine.
i am actually going outside without makeup!
removing all traces of makeup
i apply my smashbox undereye primer on top of this
maybe my undereye primer is the key to getting makeup on top without disturbing the effect of the filling step
light enough on the skin to wear everyday !
works well under makeup
great for before makeup application
it's a cooling gel that feels so wonderful before applying makeup or even when not planning on wearing anything at all
i feel like this makes my makeup wear longer
if you dont wear makeup its a very nice glowy subsitute to highlighters
it wears great under makeup
don't get super oily after wearing makeup all day
and looks good under makeup!
great to wear in the morning under makeup as well
i wear it under my foundation daily.
use it both before applying makeup
my makeup goes on soooo smoothly after using this
my makeup would not stick to it at all
my makeup doesn't slip
give a few minutes to absorb before putting on makeup
really sticks to the makeup
used to hide it with makeup
it takes off all my makeup
this effectively removed all of my makeup
it works great to remove all of my makeup in one step
this takes everything off without stripping or drying out my face
this cleanser is great at removing a full face of makeup in a timely manner
i will never switch back to another cleanser for removing makeup
it removes all makeup at the end of the day
although the product does not completely remove my eye makeup
it takes all my make up off even with primer
this is a solid cleanser that will remove your make up
if you're just using it to remove eye makeup then there's no need to add more cleansing
with a full face of makeup
no hard scrubbing needed!
this would be an amazing makeup remover
it seriously removes everything
this was the first one i used that actually got rid of a full face of makeup
taking off makeup had always irritated
it takes even the most stubborn mascara off!
four pumps will take off a full face of makeup
the short review: i've recommended this to almost anyone who asks about makeup removers
i've had no problems using this to remove mascara
i love this face wash.
i wear a full face of makeup everyday for work.
removes every bit of makeup
i wear a long wear foundation
$42/3 = $14 i was spending $6 a month for bad make up remover wipes before
it completely melts away any makeup without having to "scrub" it away
takes off even the most stubborn waterproof makeup
took all my makeup off suppper quick!
after i wash my face with this
my makeup goes on better
it did not remove all of my makeup
i love using this as a "skin" cleanser as opposed to removing my makeup with it because honestly
does a great job of removing all of my makeup
this one is absolutely the most effective at removing my makeup
i remove my make up with the make-up eraser
you need very little product to remove all of your makeup
removed all of my eye makeup in one try
showing some makeup lines as the day goes on
absorbs quickly leaving a great base to apply makeup
it wears really well under makeup!
i even feel comfortable without makeup on
also great for under makeup
for summer this is all i need after removing makeup
for summer this is all i need after removing makeup
sometimes as a makeup primer
apply it all over my face
wasn't too gentle when removing makeup
i put these on under my eyeglasses and off i go!
makeup goes on smoothy afterwards
where i leave it on until i finish applying my makeup
i wish there was a full facial mask like this
wear way too much makeup
it also layers great with makeup products
then i'm able to use my normal eye routine/makeup however i'd like with no irritation
wears well under makeup
i don't wear makeup very often anymore
can't really say how it performs under makeup
the times i do wear makeup it's never been a problem
how well it looks under eye makeup
it also makes my eye makeup look better.
makeup goes on smoothly after i apply it.
perfect to wear under makeup :)
i hate when i notice a difference in my makeup without this eye cream
this one makes my makeup apply much more smooth
i even use it when not wearing makeup.
great for day wear.
its perfect for wearing under eye make up.
great in the am before you apply your eye makeup.
its light for under makeup
it doesn't ball up on under makeup
lightweight eye gel to use before makeup application
let it sit for a few minutes before applying makeup
i find that it really grabs makeup
as long as i'm not putting makeup on afterward
nice under makeup for daytime
find that most eye cremes roll off or bunch up when i start applying my makeup
which is great for applying makeup afterwards
i apply my makeup right after
i can apply my eye makeup after
it is very light and does not disrupt my makeup.
'm able to apply my makeup immediately after applying the eye cream
can apply my makeup shortly after without having to worry about it drying
let it set in for a few minutes before i moisturize/put on makeup
love the cooling effect it gives while wearing
even after the mask is removed
i applied it to my face
i try to avoid the peel off masks except for glamglow
i like using it before putting my makeup on.
every time i wear it under my makeup
my skin looks so good i don't want to cover up the glow by wearing makeup
it wears so well
it sits well under my makeup
every trace of my eye makeup was gone
it removes makeup beautifully
it is so easy to take off my lipstick
it completely dissolves all my makeup
no balms or makeup removers have ever gotten all of my eye makeup off
it is so soft and take off completely my makeup.
excellent night time makeup remover.
the last thing you want is waterproof eye makeup that is a pain to remove
i don't wear heavy makeup to begin with
still gets every last bit of makeup off
product itself takes of every inch of makeup on your face
it will remove every single trace of makeup.
i dont have strip off my skin to remove makeup.
the balm removes all makeup
it is so good as getting all of my makeup off
removed my entire face of makeup
this stuff removes makeup so well!
it removes all of my makeup
this product is excellent for removing makeup .
it does a great job removing long wear foundation
it takes a little work on eye makeup
my friends complimented my skin without makeup
made my skin just look better without makeup
my makeup couldn't hide it and i had a meltdown.
also use a little less before my makeup
does not strip skin
i never keep makeup with me besides lipstick
wears well under makeup too!
still want to add a swipe of mascara
i wanted a more glowy primer/base for my makeup
i apply ‘hydrate’ after i put on primer
i wore this under my makeup
i don't find the highlighter in the cap necessary
this product is a new staple in my makeup bag
i preferred it over my makeup rather than under
i don't use as much of the highlighter in the cap
i find it too shimmery to apply on my entire face
alone or under other makeup
it can be wore under makeup
if i choose to not wear makeup over it
under my makeup in a few highlighting spots
most times i don't wear a lot of makeup
if it was the right color i would wear it everyday
i'll also apply over the cheekbones after makeup for a soft
this is nice to wear under makeup
how to apply the flip-cap glitter either
i like this product when i have light face makeup on like when i go to the beach
this product was a great starter to put on with other makeup
it works well worn alone
i used it under my makeup
this has made its way into my everyday makeup
the highlight on the top is perfect to retouch during the day
i would suggest using this under light makeup or using it with liquid makeup
i like to throw some of it on when i'm not wearing any other makeup as well
it doesn't wear off on clothing
wear it alone or with / under makeup or your favorite bb cream
as for the highlighter in the cap i absolutely love it
under your makeup or even over your makeup
i love to use it before putting on my makeup it def gives a good glow
it can be used as night time "makeup" since it's actually a face cream
i can use it in the summer without makeup
it is amazing for a "no makeup day" makeup look
my makeup went on perfectly.
especially when i put on my makeup i notice i difference on the application
the appearance of my makeup
i don't wear makeup on a daily basis
t having reviews of it not removing makeup didn't steer me away since i do use a micellar water to remove makeup before cleansing
the description doesn't claim to remove makeup anyway
you'd probably have to use a makeup remover first at night to remove stubborn makeup
i always use a makeup remover at night
i don't think this is strong enough to remove makeup
my makeup goes on better.
my skin with/without makeup under my eyes looks great
it is lightweight and easy to use under makeup.
it's also awesome to put on before makeup
it helps keep me shine free for ages
cannot attest to whether or not this product works under makeup
i also put it on before starting my makeup.
great under makeup or just alone.
great alone or under makeup.
don't wear any makeup
i only wear makeup on the weekend
i apply makeup like way after i put this on
a bit too much for me to wear under makeup during the day with my sunscreen
my makeup actually stays on all day now
my makeup goes on smooth
makeup lay on this product beautifully
blurs them under my makeup
then do my makeup
did not crease my makeup
the smoothing effect this product has on the skin over top of the other serums makes for flawless makeup application during the day
never disturbs my makeup application
excellent with or without makeup!
i love this before makeup application.
my makeup lasts all day
makes a great base for makeup
look good under makeup
i apply it right before makeup
i wear it under makeup.
makes a great base for makeup
it's great under makeup
it is also light enough to wear under makeup
if i know i'm going to be wearing a full face of makeup
it wears well under my foundation even on it's own though
i just needed something to put on before my makeup to make my skin look a little dewy
under my makeup through out the day
ready for makeup after this
i don't use it in the morning/under makeup
i'll put this on before my makeup
you apply it to your face without mixing
a lot is required to smooth over my entire face for a mask
wash it off with my clarisonic
it melted off all my makeup including the waterproof eyeliner i was wearing
truly amazing mask and wash!
it took off all my makeup
i love to put this on over my makeup
i would never be able to wear this under makeup
cannot speak to how it feels under makeup or while putting on eye shadow
had no issues with the rest of my makeup on top of this
makeup goes on easily.
no too heavy which is great for makeup application
makeup lays better on my face when i use this
put it on post face wash
i find that this removes the remainder of my makeup after cleaning like a toner would
under makeup or just on its own- i'm addicted!
i like to use it before i do my makeup i feel like it really freshens up my face
smooth i forgot to put on makeup some days
i can use it directly on makeup
doesn't pull on the skin
it's also perfect to wear under makeup.
and then my spf/makeup on top.
my makeup never moves
do my makeup for me
the face wash is amazing.
i don't wear a whole lot of makeup
this cleanser does its job well in removing my makeup without stripping my face of moisture
have simple makeup on
i love this face wash.
it would be that it was a little better at removing eye makeup
i generally wear a full face of makeup every weekday
stick with this as opposed to scrubs
it does remove makeup
it does take off my makeup
i don't think it should be used as your makeup remover
gentle on my sensitive skincons: didn't effectively remove makeup
it takes off all my makeup
takes makeup right off
gets face clean of makeup
this is so good in removing my makeup even eye makeup
it's great for removing makeup
doesn't remove my makeup
this is an excellent go to kit as i love the eye cream as it brightens my eyes without the use of makeup
makes my makeup slide everywhere
it gave my skin a healthy glow that made me stop wearing makeup
perfectly prepped for makeup
i just don't use it when i plan on using makeup
because it makes my makeup flake off
i like to wash my face
as a day cream it's more than good right underneath makeup
this cream works very well under my makeup.
i don't even have to use any face makeup afterward
is good under makeup
its thin enough to use under makeup
and your makeup will look amazing.
will work under my foundation without pilling
i wash my face
i do not apply any other moisturizers after this product other than my makeup or i stay bare faced to go to bed
this is not something i prefer to wear when i am wearing a full glam makeup look
is a great base for my makeup
makeup over top no problem
i've found that my makeup applies really smoothly to my skin after i've used this
makeup goes on great
i wore it under makeup no problem.
my skin looks great without makeup
i like to use it as a primer before makeup because it does smooth out the skin
my makeup stays more in place
i layer this with my nighttime products or just during a no makeup day
i put it on over my makeup
wears really well under makeup for me as well.
my makeup goes on super smooth
excellent base before putting on my makeup
do not wear before makeup it does start to get clunky
so perfect for a no makeup day
i recently started using this before i apply my makeup
my makeup goes on more smoothly
keep the little plastic cap that comes with the expulsion apparatus
i even use it when i'm not wearing any makeup
so my eye makeup doesn't transfer as much as it was when i was using a kiehl's cream
can wear it during the day too under my serums
could do my makeup right away
my makeup even glides on better right over this
i rarely wear makeup because i'm always fighting the battle of dry skin
it got rid of all dry patches that made applying makeup difficult
makeup just slides away
it does give you a glow that makes any additional makeup look good
not under my makeup
on my face every morning before applying my makeup
i do not have to use a lotion prior to my makeup application because my skin is smooth
i apply it after washing my face.
it doesn’t breakdown/separate my makeup
it's great to use after a shower or even after washing my face or before applying makeup
glowy all day even after removing makeup
i continued with my primer and applied my makeup.
my makeup goes on very well when i use this before applying bb cream
my makeup went on smoothly after using it.
i wanted less makeup
let's me makeup apply smoothly
allows my makeup to apply flawlessly
over all it feels like i'm wearing no makeup
it does help makeup apply better
my eye makeup would migrate
it is also very easy to wear under makeup
works well underneath my makeup
that it smoothes the skin under my eyes to prep for makeup
the other i keep in my makeup bag
i also noticed if i use it under my makeup
i used it over a little makeup
it removes even my most stubborn makeup
don't have to go through removing my makeup
still use an eye makeup remover
not just to remove makeup
takes off all makeup, oil, and dirt.
i didn't notice anything special upon removing this mask
after removing the mask
good to wear under makeup.
some days i wear it without make up
the pink shimmer is too much to wear alone if i'm not putting makeup over top of it
it makes my makeup last all day
it also keeps my makeup from patching up or cracking
add on the shape of your face
also fills in my tiny fine lines so makeup goes on better
makeup goes on great after this.
makeup application is much easier
perfect to wear under makeup.
wears great under makeup
this really holds my makeup in place
my makeup works well with this formula
without stripping your skin
this product definitely helped my makeup stay on
this is my must have when i apply my full face makeup
ready for flawless makeup application
if i don't apply this before my makeup
it has helped my makeup to stay on longer
this primer is so ridiculously sticky your makeup clings to it immediately
creates a sticky base to keep makeup in place all day
after letting it dry i apply my makeup
now i wear mostly 50spf (it cosmetics) and a hat.
makeup goes on flawlessly
my makeup stuck like glue all
makeup stays on and does not budge!!
the rest of my makeup
my makeup stayed on all day without melting or looking gross
it definitely grabs the makeup as she said
my makeup stays on
s a fantastic makeup primer
it holds my makeup all day
my makeup lasts all day
this has literally made my makeup stay all day so my redness
holds makeup on all day is a god send
it doesn't ball up under makeup
none of them make my makeup look as great
this helps my makeup stay on my nose
with this my makeup stays put
this keeps my makeup in place all day!!
the priming action is nice: your makeup will go on smoothly
still have makeup on unlike before
after i remove my makeup i can feel my skin so soft
but then makeup stays so well!
keeps my makeup in place all day
something that helps camouflage wrinkle
my makeup really does last
it held my makeup in place
it keeps my makeup in place all day.
it really does grip to my makeup
t really grips onto your makeup
my makeup stays all day
it really does make my makeup stay all day
i've not used it as a mask
that's what grabs on to your makeup
my makeup was looking fresh all day
but it disappears once you put makeup over it.
gives makeup some extra wear time
my makeup goes on wonderfully
this stuff really does grip your makeup
helps my makeup last all day
makeup stays all day
my makeup tends to wear off mid-day
i wore this under my makeup
while using makeup to cover
my under-eye makeup doesn't look like makeup
because my makeup stays put
my makeup does not move
you now have a great base for your makeup
its almost like a glue for your makeup.
your makeup just perfectly sticks on your face.
i would use it under makeup/under primer
remove all my make up.
i am not wearing as much makeup
depending on how much makeup i've been wearing
when applying the mask
after applying the mask
great mask to wear before applying makeup for a special night out
after i removed the mask
makeup goes on smoothly over it
i used it under makeup
more like a makeup maven
i let it set as i get dressed then do my makeup.
minimal shine all day
tried a bit on top of my makeup
matte finish, didn't smear my existing makeup.
after wearing makeup for 40+ years
i prep my skin with it before i put my makeup on
the primer can't stop my skin
so before makeup - feels great!
the makeup breakup that is bound to happen
i despise that feeling of your makeup sliding off your face
it won't disturb your makeup"
also the pre:empt face wash is incredible
it works great under makeup too.
t doesn't feel like i have product on my skin before makeup
i feel like i use way less makeup
i can wear less makeup with confidence
t is perfect to wear under makeup
i apply this product before my makeup application
really like how fresh my skin looks when the makeup is off
when i use it in the am my makeup
works well under makeup
works well under makeup
it also sits perfectly under my makeup.
it goes really well under makeup
morning use under makeup
my makeup sits really nicely on top.
i can finally wear matte makeup!
my makeup with no issues
my makeup applies so much better too.
makeup goes on beautifully over it
can apply makeup on smoothly
most of all it's the perfect formula that won't flake over serum or under makeup
my makeup stays allll day.
works great under makeup
my makeup application applies flawlessly
works well with my makeup
no matter what when i would put eyeshadow on
see how it wears under foundation with my combo skin
my makeup went on easily
t's not like you will have a glitter bomb on your face
under makeup it is a great primer that just brightens the completion
i don't need to use a primer for my face makeup
love if for no makeup days so my face doesnt look dull
i apply it before my primer
it makes my makeup apply beautifully
works well as a base for the rest of your makeup
which keeps makeup on forever
i wear it all over my face for a no makeup-makeup look
i wear it over my foundation or on it's own.
works well under primer/makeup
its great layered under makeup or just worn alone
with makeup i like as well it made my face look really smooth
we went makeup shopping
can mix it with my makeup easily
you will be able to layer makeup over it
only type of cleanser i've ever used that actually removes everything
this face wash has honestly changed my skin.
doesn't sting my eyes when removing eye makeup
i love it because it takes off all of my makeup
the best part is that it removes my makeup
especially after wearing makeup all day
this product cleanses my skin so well it removes the toughest of makeup
it even took off mascara without using eye makeup remover
does a good job at removing all my makeup.
this is my new favorite face wash.
i found that this cleanser effectively removed any traces of face makeup
does fantastic under makeup.
is some kind of godlike creation that has changed my summer makeup routine
it sat nicely under makeup
wears really well under makeup
i don't regularly wear makeup
don't know how well it works as a primer or under makeup
also started priming for makeup with this
honestly don't need to even wear makeup when i'm wearing this though
to give me a matte finish without any makeup on
use it every morning as my makeup primer
love it as a primer for makeup
my makeup lasts longer without getting shiny
also works perfectly when applied over makeup tp refresh
you can 100% see a difference in my skin when i'm not wearing makeup
it makes my makeup go on smooth and last all day.
preps your skin for makeup
use it with full makeup
i think this would be great under a bb cream or for a no makeup day
it is not designed to be worn under full makeup
it helped my makeup stay on relatively well as a primer
love wearing this too on days i'm not wearing makeup
have to wear a lot of foundation to cover up blemishes
it really makes your makeup stay put!
it makes a good "canvas" for makeup--i notice that my makeup goes on very smoothly over it
it does start off matte which is great for no makeup days
have noticed my makeup goes on a little more flawless
using this before i put on my makeup makes my skin look so good
i put this on first after washing my face then apply a foundation primer
when my face is matt then my makeup does not slide off
my makeup last all day
great as a makeup primer
they honestly better put this cream on my beautiful corpse before they apply the makeup i'll wear at my funeral
couldn't bring all my skincare in my carry on type bag
it's perfect for under makeup
i can easily apply my makeup
works great under my makeup
this is the only way my oily/sensitive skin feels relief at nights after removing my makeup
also works amazing as an under makeup primer
it's perfect to layer under spf makeup during the day
i apply it before my makeup.
i apply it in the morning before applying my makeup
in the evening after removing makeup
i rarely wear night cream
makeup or simply go to sleep
i don't wear much makeup - but i love buying it!
will wear it under my makeup
my makeup stays all day
it also helps my makeup stay on all day
it goes well to prep for a full face of makeup
every time i use the combo my makeup wears nicer
i get compliments on my skin/makeup
it applies smoothly on the face
i've used this about 6 times now under my makeup as a primer
then on my t-zone i apply a little bit of the makeup forever smoothing primer over top
makeup applies perfectly over it
out of all the makeup
i don't wear makeup daily
i wore it under makeup the first night
i come to the point of just minor concealer under my eyes is the only make up i apply now
it works well as a makeup base
i definitely still need to add a pore minimizing primer on some areas of my face before makeup application
my makeup stays so much longer
i noticed that this goes away though once you apply the rest of your skin care/makeup
i wash my face
apply this- sometimes no primer
which i'm sure is a benefit for makeup wearers
it wears beautifully under makeup.
it wears perfectly under my makeup
wear this under spf
my makeup stays put
wear it as a mask before rubbing it in
even wiped off all my makeup
i wear like instagram-level full face makeup daily
following up with makeup
after taking my makeup off with a wipe
my makeup goes on nicer too
it is all i wash my face with
leave it as a mask
makeup off my face
i like to wear it as a mask before i wash it off.
doesn't strip your face
only downside is that it won't remove eye makeup.
it takes everything off your face
i wash my face
use it as a face mask
i really enjoy using this in my night routine after removing makeup
most days when i don't use makeup i still use this after my foam face wash
i love using this mask after i wash my face.
my make up applies so flawlessly after
removing any peel off mask i have tried has been a painful removal
one of the best peel of masks i have every used
it takes every single drop of makeup off my skin
peel off masks do more for my skin than scrubs
i don't wear a lot of makeup
is great under makeup
works well underneath makeup.
takes all the makeup out
this cleansing water works well to remove everything off of your face
it's good at removing makeup too
it gets off all of whatever makeup is left on my skin
i don't really wear much makeup
can't speak to its use as a makeup remover
removes all of my make up without being harsh.
i still wash my face after
it really takes off my makeup
does a good job of removing most make-up product.
best cleanser i've used in a long time- it removes all makeup
wash it off and this.
it does effectively clean my skin without stripping it
i will keep using it because it also removes my make up
definitely recommend a makeup remover before this
does not do too well ridding makeup
i don't wear makeup daily
my new favorite face wash!!
oil off your face after you take off your makeup
after going through 3 different face washes
this removes makeup well
this seems to remove all the makeup
gets rid of the dirt off your face
with no shine after you wash it off
it does remove makeup as well
it doesn't remove all the dirt from my face
it gets the job done with cleaning your face
i also needed a cleanser that could remove makeup
takes off all my makeup
this gets rid of makeup
best face wash i've ever used.
i dont wear too much makeup except for a lot of mascara
this face wash is awesome
this is my favorite face wash.
when you wipe on face
any remaining makeup that i have after using the makeup remover
i wipe off my makeup with micellar water before washing
so you can use this to remove makeup
it removes all makeup and fully detoxes the skin.
i just it after i remove my makeup with a cleansing oil
does a great job of removing light makeup or first thing in the morning with 1 pump
i always use it before i apply my makeup as it tightens my pores
favorite face wash i have ever used!
i put it on like a face mask
it stays under my makeup perfectly
my makeup doesn't melt away like before
it helps keep his face shine free, too.
my makeup goes on great over it.
seems to work well under makeup.
the elements really take a toll on your skin if not removed throughly
it literally takes all my makeup away.
this is the best makeup remover i have used to date
the sephora makeup artist used this to remove my makeup from my face
removed all my makeup
it removes every ounce of makeup
washes off makeup so good
it never leaves any makeup on my face after one cleanse
this removes all of my makeup and feels divine!
gentle yet it removes all of my makeup without any irritation
there is a lot of makeup on my face to take off
this is the ultimate makeup remover oil.
cranny of my face to make sure all makeup is off
i even washed off my makeup forst with a cloth
it took off the rest of my makeup
this cleanser removes all my makeup
sometimes need to use more product to remove waterproof liner/eye makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
i completely swapped out my makeup wipes for this product
this is by far the best makeup remover/face wash i have ever used
i still use a regular makeup remover for my eye makeup
thought it was the best make up remover
removes my makeup/eye makeup
also works as a makeup remover
awesome just to remove eye make up
it removes all the make-up
taking off my makeup
i don't use makeup remover wipes anymore.
it took off all of my waterproof makeup
rub it over my face to dissolve any makeup
this makes it feel like you're actually cleansing your face instead of just removing your makeup
get the majority of your makeup off
this is an excellent product that removes all my makeup
wipe over my face
wipe off eye makeup
i needed something that would remove any excess makeup left on my skin
this oil dissolves all my makeup with no effort
it cleans all makeup off my face
removes makeup like nothing i've ever tried before
i find the best way to remove makeup is to use a cotton round or cotton ball as opposed to using it like a face wash
removes all of my makeup
is very affective at removing all my makeup
this was great at removing my makeup gently.
still removes makeup well
it breaks down my makeup so easily
removes make up too
this really takes off all the makeup you have on
a little goes a long way in removing every trace of makeup
now it's the best makeup remover ever!!
it removes my face makeup thoroughly.
i don't think it's designed to remove eye makeup.
it did not remove some mascara that rubbed onto my under eye
eye makeup much better
i cannot attest if it gets rid of makeup
since i do not wear makeup
can only imagine individuals who want to use this to remove eye makeup
this stuff works wonders on tough to remove makeup
after i wash my face
it worked beautiful under everyone's makeup
my makeup sits perfectly on top of it
it made my makeup stay on longer
use it after i wash my face
no makeup peeled off
josie maran's surreal skin balm on days i don't wear makeup
it worked well under my foundation or on days when i wasn't wearing makeup
i wear them daily
i did not have any issues wearing this under my makeup
my makeup wore like it normally does
this is very light and goes well under makeup.
it works well with my makeup
it also wears well under foundation.
also helps my makeup stay put for hours
prep on my face
it removes waterproof makeup so easily
i will keep buying this makeup remover
hands down my fave eye makeup remover!
but it doesn't stop at just removing eye makeup.
i've never been able to wear a product containing sunscreen without breaking out
does not leave a white cast on my tan skin
makes my face feel power soft before i put on my makeup
so the only way to remove
sets makeup like a primer
i love putting this on before applying my primer or foundation
this cream is really useful to use for a night out under all your makeup
it sets my makeup for 12+ hour wear
keeps my makeup on, doesn't sweat off.
my face gets oily within half an hour of doing my makeup
it is the only facial sunscreen i have found that does not leave your face all shiny
it's the best thing i've purchased for my makeup case
it helps my makeup last longer
my makeup still looks good by the end of the day
this stuff acts almost like a primer making my skin ready for makeup application
be sure it is completely absorbed before applying any makeup
it takes off my makeup effectively
though i need to be careful not to over saturate the cotton pad when removing eye makeup
works great under makeup
good underneath makeup primer
even if i don't plan on wearing a full face of makeup i still put this on to even out my skin
i definitely stay matte throughout the day when i don't have makeup on
don't go through the whole makeup routine
the sunscreen does not leave my face with a white or blue cast
my makeup fresh looking
i can wear this all day!
able to wear under my foundation
i wear it every day under a higher spf.
i wear it all the time
i put on my primer
i don't use this to remove make-up
i don't even have to wear a highlighter with it.
after taking off my makeup
under makeup does great
takes off my makeup
this really did the trick to wipe off whatever makeup i had left
i'll use it at night to take off my makeup
regardless of if i have makeup on or not as i feel it genuinely removes natural dirt
removes even the most stubborn waterproof makeup
takes off everything without stripping
it seems to remove all makeup
makes my eyes sting when removing eye makeup
it would definitely work to remove makeup on a lazy late night or to take off makeup before the gym after work
primer before my makeup foundation
always felt like i had to wear makeup every day
going from wearing little to no makeup to wearing a full face about more than half the week
do not mix with makeup
my skin was so clear i didn't even need face makeup
makeup wears so much better on my skin now too!
my skin is so smooth resulting in a better makeup application
it was starting to show through my makeup
my face is bright red before applying makeup.
my makeup goes on better as well.
maybe put your hair up first?
it easy to apply and wash off.
i didn't even wear makeup one day
put it on your face
not hard to take off i do use musselin cloths to take masks off
you do need to use a wash cloth in aiding with removal just like the directions state
i am sure makeup can cover it.
also takes longer to rinse it off my face
it makes it easier to remove
she ended up doing a skin care makeover using this product
my go to makeup remover!
takes off every bit of makeup
use the lancôme eye makeup remover along with this
this is just what my skin needs on no-makeup days to give me just a bit of polish
my makeup applied very nicely over it.
in other words i don't wear makeup over eye cream ever
what i've found is that this product is a dream when worn with little to no makeup on top
it gives you a nice glow without looking like your covered in makeup
the best face wash i've ever used!
it does get rid of your makeup
decided to go to work without makeup
the makeup doesn't slip
my makeup rests on it nicely.
using an oil cleaner to break up all the eye makeup
get all of my makeup off
this also washes away all your make up
so no need to use a separate make up remover/cloth
one of the sephora makeup removing towels that come in a black/purple 2-pack
yet strong enough to remove makeup
my makeup stays nice with this one.
can't state how it removes heavy makeup
it doesn't take off all your makeup with the double cleansing method
not stripping at all.
it removed makeup, however still avoid eyes!
it does a solid job on dissolving makeup
that clears everything out i wear this overnight
so when i remove it
i especially like to use this mask the day after i do a resurfacing mask
although i wouldn't recommend using this mask on the same day as a resurfacing mask
makeup application is so much easier
at first i wasn't sure if it actually will remove makeup
i put this mask on
my makeup goes on better
when you remove it it makes your face glow
this is by far one of my favorite face washes.
buuut i feel like my face is purging
takes off makeup really well
this face wash is great.
it's a perfect spot treatment because it's light enough to wear during the day under makeup
this is great under my makeup as an oil control primer that's actually good for my skin
melted away my makeup while keeping my skin clean
i can wear less makeup or no make up at all
this is by far the best makeup remover i have ever used
it removes every bit of makeup including eyeliner
perfect for ladies like me who don't wear makeup
i don't wear makeup
i've used it without makeup to brighten up a natural look
skin care above makeup, always.
i do really like this makeup remover!
if i'm using it to remove makeup
putting me at at least 4 pumps every time i want to remove makeup
i might try a couple other makeup removers
when i wash my face with this
it does not take makeup off as well as the regular soy face cleanser
it does still take makeup off
it doesn't take off makeup quite as well
since i tend to wear heavy eye makeup
it definitely works as a makeup remover
if you wear eye makeup you will want to use a separate makeup remover
i will say i do not use this product to remove makeup at all
i wear a full face everyday
makeup for the day
this does not work for removing make up
i wouldn't recommend using it to remove makeup though
plump after makeup takes it toll
it works well under makeup or just on its own.
makeup goes on smooth even without primer.
ready for a full face of makeup
a smooth surface for applying makeup
totally takes my makeup off
1 star off bcoz it doesn't thoroughly remove makeup
i shave my face everyday
really does remove all make-up
yes, it removes my makeup.
it removes all my makeup just as well if not better
i usually wear a full face
so can't comment on eye makeup removal
this removed my makeup with just one swipe of a hot wash cloth
i don't use wipes anymore
this quickly removes every speck of makeup from my face
it takes off all my initial makeup
it removes all of my face and eye makeup.
takes off most of my makeup before i go on to my cleanser
i am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because it can't take off eye makeup as well
it's great at taking off my makeup
takes off every inch of my makeup
it literally removes everything
it also works really well to take off my makeup
makeup without drying it out
this one removes the most makeup
will still take off all my makeup
it removes all my makeup including mascara
removing the mask is fun.
redness to allow you makeup to apply better to help coverage plus it gets rid of all your dead skin
love that there is no rinsing or difficulty removing the mask
once you remove it
it is easy to remove
after novelty wears off
i wear a mask of make up every day
it is so much fun removing the mask with the magnet
when i removed the mask
removing the mask with the included magnet felt amazing
that magnet really works to pull the product off the skin
i'd have to wear a full cover foundation
this cleaners actually cleans all my eye makeup without using a separate eye makeup remover for it
this one takes off all my makeup
sometimes have to do a double wash to get rid of all of my makeup
including taking off makeup
it did a really good job in removing most of my makeup
not stripping at all
this face wash is amazing!
it is extremely effective at removing all makeup with just one wash
some face washes i find i have to wash my face 2-3 times
it's also a great second cleanse after i remove makeup in the evening
also takes off makeup like a charm
it's gentle enough that i can use it to remove my makeup too
combine it with ciates makeup melter on days i am wearing quite a bit of eye makeup
i always remove my makeup before cleansing
didn't remove my foundation/makeup so that's why i'm giving it four stars instead of five
if you wear a lot of eye makeup you may want to use an eye makeup remover first
it removes all eye makeup including mascara
this cleanser removes makeup without a problem
i assume it's stripping my face
it takes off the remaining makeup
takes off all of your makeup including mascara
use a makeup remover wipe to get off the excess makeup i wasn't able to wash off
best at taking all make up off- including mascara
matte my face was just after one use
it even removes my makeup at night.
removes all of my makeup
it removes my make up easily.
it sits very well under my makeup
was great to use before makeup
it's great under makeup
my skin looks better even without makeup
makeups go on smoothly
sat well under makeup
put on this face cream
i also think it made my makeup go on smoother.
whenever i wear it
can apply makeup over with ease
i added the face wash into my routine as well
works great at night or under my makeup
i don't wear makeup
i also use the face wash.
i like to wash my face
then apply the yttp face cream over it
it makes a wonderful primer for makeup.
i will never not have this in my makeup bag
it's always a struggle to cover the redness without wearing a million layers of makeup
have to go blot which sometimes takes off the makeup on my nose
i actually use an at home air brush makeup kit on occasion
my makeup routine now simplifies down to applying this around my nose
even forgot i had makeup on
this product has completely changed how i wear my makeup
i wear it under byebye foundation
not special face washes
i do use under my abh banana stick foundation/highlighter when i want full makeup look
i also don't have to wear primer or powder.
easy go to product on minimal makeup days
i may look like i have makeup on
for my "no make up-makeup look
when i don't wear makeup
i can use as a concealer for small red spots on my face using a foundation brush over my regular makeup
is all i need to use instead of caking on makeup
i am in love with this makeup remover!
it gets all the extra makeup off my face.
removes all makeup, and the skin feels soft.
it's genuinely the best makeup remover i have ever used
until i heard about this product i was taking my makeup off with just a cleanser
best staying makeup off
took off my makeup
it really does take the makeup off
i like to take my makeup off with this
it takes off all my makeup
it removes all traces of makeup quickly
it cleans every last trace of makeup
this stuff removes it all
it gets off my they're real mascara from benefit which is almost impossible for me to remove
it really erase the makeup off
i never went back to makeup wipes i am now only using oil cleansers wish i knew of this sooner
works on hard to remove makeup and mascara!
it instantly removes my makeup.
i took a white makeup removing wipe
there was no sign of makeup on the wipe
you can see the makeup simply lifting off your face
i love eye makeup
it just dissolves my eye makeup
not only does it clean off all my makeup
this one did a great job at removing my makeup
due to the fact that it couldn't remove my waterproof mascara/tightline
if you're not wearing waterproof makeup
it takes off all my makeup
removes all makeup easily
this product not only does a great job taking off makeup including water proof make up
this makeup remover is amazing!
that takes off my day to day makeup with no problem
get all my makeup off
i think this would be especially good for removing long-wearing makeup
it takes all my makeup, including mascara off.
it easily removed all of my makeup without much effort
love this product it removes everything from my makeup its a most in your makeup bag love it will purchase again
it removes every stitch of makeup
makeup remover for the lazy-night-non-facewashers like myself
i previously used clinques makeup removing balm
i wear a complete full face everyday
remove my makeup at the same time
the best all over makeup remover i've bought.
truly breaks down all of your makeup
even stubborn eye makeup
now i only use 1 to get that excess eye makeup
this stuff is awesome i used to hate taking my makeup off because i felt like i was rubbing my skin away with the makeup
gets most of my makeup off
this is my go to makeup remover each night!
my eyes got very sensitive to makeup remover over the last year
helps get makeup off
while i'd probably reach for a heavy duty eye makeup remover for stage makeup
it dissolves all of my makeup-mascara
my makeup including my waterproof mascara melts off my face after applying
have only found 2 makeup removers that work for me without stripping my skin completely
replaced my makeup removing wipes with this
this is a new way to remove makeup
i would always use a makeup wipe to remove my makeup
this one really does remove waterproof eye makeup
doesn't take a lot to remove your makeup
use it every night to remove my make up with a washcloth
it works great on removing eye makeup
it didn't remove mascara that well
i love how it melts off all of my makeup.
effortlessly this took my makeup off
it gets all the makeup off
i typically used makeup remover wipes to remove my makeup
other than that it removes all the makeup off my face
still wash your face after or you can just wipe it off with a makeup eraser sooo easy
i don't know how i have been removing makeup before this
it also was able to get rid of super bright lipstick
this is an amazing makeup remover!!
learned that i really need to remove my makeup completely every night
i could see the makeup coming off
i love that this remover is both heavy duty in the sense of removing all your makeup
it does a phenomenal job on removing my waterproof eyeliner
this does melt off makeup quickly
removes makeup and cleanses my skin well.
it's so effective at taking off makeup
gets every last bit of makeup off of my face
i usually have left over eyeliner/mascara with the makeup wipes
definitely worth a try ifyou've never tried a makeup removing balm
i get excited to take my makeup off!
i wear makeup everyday
need something that will remove all the mascara
pay attention to your eye makeup
i love how thoroughly it cleans my face of all makeup
it did do a great job in removing my makeup
before to feel really clean i was using makeup wipes
as i haven't worn makeup everyday
this is one of the best makeup removers i have ever used
i think it's really important to remove all your makeup for a flawless face
this cleansing balm is amazing because it takes off all of my makeup easily
gets every bit of makeup off my face
this even takes off my too faced better than sex mascara with no problem
highly recommend to anyone who doesn't like to waste time after a long night to remove their makeup
it takes off every single bit of makeup including waterproof eyeliner
does a wonderful job of taking all the makeup off
(i do use a separate eye makeup remover.)
bye bye makeup is my absolute favorite makeup remover
my face is completely clean with no residual makeup
it took off all of my makeup.
if you leave this one while removing your makeup
it will remove it
takes every trace of makeup off
put this before my makeup
goes well under makeup or even alone for those no- makeup days
most of all it keeps the makeup on
it's perfection for applying makeup
helps makeups go on so effortlessly
makes my makeup look
then i didn't use it one day underneath my makeup
it's the best i've used beating my makeup forever primer
it helps my makeup go on smooth
my makeup doesn't slide around or cake up
as son as i applied it covered them instantly my makeup looks flawless
great to wear under make up!
i can wear makeup over it no problem
my makeup applies nicely over top.
legit melted the makeup off my face
my under eye makeup goes on so nicely over this cream
makeup goes on smooth over it
doesn't leave a greasy film to interfere with eye makeup
it also sits perfectly under makeup
on my dry spots before makeup
i used it in the morning before applying makeup
my makeup goes on so smooth
making my makeup slide off
it is perfect under makeup
makeup goes on better
there's no issues with wearing it under makeup
won't be wearing it under a lot of makeup on my combo skin
this product is amazing by itself or under makeup
t's even great to use under makeup
i think it's a little "thick" feeling to wear under makeup
as far as how it feels under makeup
before i put makeup on
perhaps 3-4 times a day often as a makeup primer before my foundation
barely need any makeup
on occasion under makeup for more dewiness
plus i keep a sample size with me during the day to apply when i have to wear a surgical mask
it's great under makeup
i think it created a nice base for my makeup similar to a primer
it doesn't leave any white cast
when i reapplied my makeup back on
as all the other makeups the foundation just didn't settle right
this is absolutely amazing for my daily natural makeup look i wear anyway
don't have to wear foundation
i hate wearing a full face of foundation for everyday make-up
as well as apply makeup
if there is a white cast from the spf
i don't have to put any makeup on when i'm wearing this stuff
it's a great natural look if you're trying to cut back on makeup use
makeup arsenal for years to come
underneath my sephora collection 10-hour wear perfect foundation
i don't wear much makeup-- if any-- on most days
doesn't take away all color
though i love makeup
i like a more natural look for everyday wear
i wear this everyday with or without makeup
i prefer it as a base underneath makeup
i get more compliments now without wearing makeup
this stuff is great to press into the skin on light makeup days to hide my red face
can go without makeup now
without not using makeup
definitely too thick to wear under makeup
wanted a fresh makeup-nomakeup face
i apply it on my face after i wash it
regular makeup irritated my skin
this product is great for makeup free days.
this is my go-to makeup remover
definitely removes all makeup
the best "no makeup makeup" product in the game rn
i cannot imagine my makeup routine without it
it takes off all of my makeup quickly
a great makeup remover to remove everything except mascara
my makeup comes off easily
i like it better than the other boscia makeup removers
now i don't deel lazy about removing makeup since it does the work real quick
it's also a little bit of extra effort than i'm used to to wash off makeup
i tested with a makeup remover wipe after i used it to see if it real melted everything off
the wipe was clean
i do wash my face after using this product
it gets all of your most stubborn makeup
i never knew a balm could take off all my makeup!
good at removing makeup
this cleanser takes off all the makeup!
i still like to follow up with my makeup remover towel or face scrub to make sure
most eye makeup removers leave the skin around my eyes looking dry
while coconut oil isn't exactly the best at removing makeup
i first tried this makeup remover as a 100 point perk
this is my fav to get my makeup off before i wash my face
just a little dab gets all my makeup off
i find it doesn't leave any residue like other makeup melters
pretty effective at dissolving my makeup
i only use it on my eye makeup
i will definitely be buying the big jar of this makeup remover
it doesn't take a ton of product to remove a full face of make up for me
then i tried it on my whole face with a full face of makeup
it took off all my makeup
i tested this by using a makeup wipe after
i truly feel like it removed makeup
seeing remnants of the night before because my makeup remover didn't get the job done perfectly for my eye area
good product to take your makeup off.
it removes my makeup perfectly
it will prep your face for a good cleaning
if i do put makeup on
every single bit of all makeup is off
not a lot of product is needed to completely remove makeup
it took off all my makeup without irritating my eyes or skin
it did a decent job removing makeup
even on days when i'm wearing a lot of makeup
so this is seriously the best makeup rempver i've used
this is the make-up removing magic.
this really removes every bit of make-up from your face
it removes my makeup so easily
i finally found the perfect makeup remover!
have struggled forever to find a face wash or makeup remover that fully gets all makeup off
this is great for dry skin that needs a great makeup remover to take actually wipe away with out drying that face
in comparison to other makeup removing products i had to rub it longer on my face
i wear a lot of eye make up
there is very little makeup residue on the brush head of my clarisonic now
i find this to be the best makeup remover i've ever used
it took off everything except mascara when applied dry
it even took off black eyeliner like it was nothing
this is a great makeup remover.
it really removes my makeup without leaving the skin dry
totally cut down on my makeup removing process
i always have a hard time to remove my waterproof makeup with this one everything really melted
no need to use the wipe
it took off my waterproof makeup
takes my makeup off
it took my makeup off
it removed all my makeup even my waterproof mascara
my face was shockingly makeup free
it really does take off everything including water proof makeup
this is a great makeup remover.
this effectively removes all my eye makeup as well
it removes all of my makeup
but this balm is amazing at removing makeup!
i've tried so many things to remove mascara
i now use it to take off all my makeup.
i used my go to eye makeup remover
i replied with wearing more makeup
undo the work this did
i apply with my makeup on or after i wipe it off with a makeup remover wipe
its great at getting my stubborn makeup off
this is one of my favorite makeup removers ever
takes makeup off well
i've used it to remove eye makeup
i prefer to wipe off eye makeup before using
this stuff does a really great job of removing all traces of makeup
isn't lazy to take there time cleaning there face after makeup
this effectively removes all of my makeup
i don't use this to remove my face makeup because i prefer to use micellar water for that
type of makeup remover in the world
this product gets off every single stitch of makeup
even my most stubborn eye makeup
my eye makeup is the toughest to remove.
i don't wear foundation everyday
does a great job removing all my makeup including eye makeup
removes all makeup and has that nice smell after!
love it for removing eye makeup.
wear fairly heavy face makeup
i always wear full coverage makeup to cover for all these
i've used it every day i wear makeup
i've also used it for my eye makeup
watch my makeup melt off
i hate most face wipes because
this gets rid of all the makeup with no film
all my makeup is gone
how quickly it breaks down makeup
you do have to give it time to dissolve the makeup
benefit they're real push up eyeliner- it works on everything
ok let me just start off by saying when i wear a full face of makeup i mean i wear a full face of makeup
i hate dealing with removing all the glue at the end of the day
not only did all my makeup melt off
i really put it to the test: halloween makeup removal
not to mention my regular makeup
my full-face makeup disappeared with ease.
it does remove all my makeup and is very gentle.
i tend to use heavy duty full coverage makeup
i've always found it difficult to remove my makeup
i like the boscia a bit better because it removes long wear
it removes your makeup
this prepares my face for makeup beautifully in the morning
even days with full makeup.
absorbing so quickly that you can apply makeup immediately after
still making it makeup application friendly
prep it so well for makeup
i wear full face makeup every day
i wake up with glowing soft skin- use it as my makeup primer as well
works well under makeup as long as you use it sparingly
it soaks right in and goes great under my makeup.
my makeup blended perfectly with it
so great for under makeup
i'll do a full face mask
makeup wears so beautifully too :
i even wear it under makeup during the day.
wears well under makeup
in addition to better makeup removal tactics
this is able to take off all of my makeup
including water proof makeup
made it easy when i had to wash makeup off my face using one product instead of multiples
it really does take off all my makeup
it does a great job removing makeup
one star off for not being the most effective in removing waterproof makeup
i then use this to remove everything- dirt
this gets the makeup removal started.
while it doesn't remove all makeup like it claims
i do a double-cleanse with it: the first time to get off my makeup
i usually remove my make up with a make up wipe
this belif cleanser gets the job done at removing makeup
daily full coverage makeup removal
it was not very good at eye makeup
this is great for eye makeup
i don't like to use a separate face makeup remover
clarisonic because i don't like to use the clarisonic when removing makeup
effective on getting makeup off
while removing all makeup
this is great for anyone who wears light makeup to extreme
it does an amazing job of taking off all my makeup
it removes my makeup without drying me out.
using before you do your normal eye makeup routine/foundation
takes away all of my makeup without a trace
the cleansing oil was amazing at removing makeup
change up my current oil makeup remover
sits really well with my makeup doesn't look greasy
wear a decent amount of mostly mineral makeup liner
it takes off all of my makeup
including the stubborn waterproof eye makeup
makeup was easy to remove
it removes my makeup
i find that this product easily gets rid of the majority of my makeup
great for heavier makeup days
it gets most of my makeup off
the oil removes aaallll my makeup
at first i was reluctant to try this since i'm already using an oil makeup remover
the oil took off 90% of all the makeup i was wearing from a full-face-o-slap to cream-based makeups i was wearing for a gig at a haunted house
especially on water-proof makeup
as well as a makeup remover
especially if you wear makeup daily.
and this is the go-to mosturizer before makeup.
i feel my makeup applies a lot better with this as the base
makes applying makeup so much easier in the winter too
it does give a white cast
leaves a white cast on your face
as a makeup artist i prepare my clients skin with face
it does an excellent job of removing makeup
this is a perfect first cleanse to remove all of my makeup
this oil completely takes off all my makeup
this takes all my makeup off without irritating my skin
easily removes my make up without stripping my skin
i honestly wear alot of makeup like layers on layers
it always takes forever to take my makeup off
this took my makeup
gorgeous with out heavy makeup
it does a decent job in melting off makeup
for a "heavy face" day i'd recommend a wipe first
even when i have a complete full face makeup on
so afterwards i just use a eye makeup remover
i must add this cleansing oil is great at removing makeup
makeup goes on smooth
i love it for when i'm cleaning a lot of makeup off
the oil with this also took off all of my makeup.
as i like to remove my makeup entirely with a wipe
gets off a full face of makeup
removed every bit of makeup
makeup from my skin
it took of all my makeup really well
i must add this cleansing oil is great at removing makeup
takes away all makeup
it does get all your makeup off
i really feel like my skin has a great base before i apply makeup
it's great at cleaning my face
the cleansing oil removes all my makeup at the end of the day without leaving any residue
you do not need to use much of the cleansing oil to take off makeup
it fully removes all makeup
this is the best face wash i've ever used
really deep cleans all that hard to remove stuff like eyeliner etc
it has become my new favorite face wash
the cleansing oil is perfect to take off makeup with
this product made my face shine free
i usually never can go anywhere without makeup to hide my facial skin
the oil took of most of my makeup
this duo works great for removing even the most stubborn eye makeup very gently
the cleansing oil takes off a full face of makeup
gently massaging my skin which also removes my makeup at the same time
i wear makeup everyday
definitely removes all my makeup
no makeup was left
it did however remove my makeup quite nicely
i just wish it worked better in my eye makeup
this takes off my makeup well minus heavy duty liner [i am a black liner addict]
i just wish it worked better in my eye makeup
this duo gets rid of 98% of my makeup
took off all of stubborn makeup effortlessly
it really helps removes your makeup
i especially enjoy using the cleansing oil because it removes all of my eye makeup without any harsh rubbing
washed all my makeup off on the first try without irritation
more than a regular face wash
unfortunately i still have to use another product to clean my eye makeup off
i usually wash my makeup off with another makeup remover
the first time i used it the oil did not completely remove my makeup
would recommend that you use micellar water or a makeup removing wipe first
it does a really good job at cleaning up the traces of makeup at night after i use a makeup wipe
this cleansing system takes my makeup off better than anything else
it is super effective at removing my makeup
i think this would be a great gift for someone who wears makeup on a daily basis
use it to remove all my makeup
the oil works very well at removing makeup
totally remove the oil
1st i use the oil to break-up the makeup
upon trying the product i really liked the oil to remove my eye makeup
the oil is great at removing makeup
it removes makeup real well
it does very little to remove makeup
it did not help remove my eye-makeup much at all.
i would use this on a no-makeup day or if you do not tend to wear makeup
be prepared to use something extra to remove your makeup either before or after using this
helped breakdown the makeup
really took off the makeup
getting makeup as gently as possible
i wear a nice amount of makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
i liked the cleansing oil as it helped remove most of my makeup
gets all my makeup off n nicely
the oil takes off all the makeup
the cleansing oil takes off all of the makeup
the oil definitely breaks up makeup
the cleansing oil takes off all of your makeup
i first used the oil to dissolve all my makeup from the day
as it gets all of your makeup off
the cleansing oil is amazing it really breaks down all the makeup
including my waterproof mascara without me having to tug or pull at my eyes
then you have the bar as the second step to make sure all of your makeup is completely removed
i removed my makeup with the oil
the oil removed all my makeup
i initially take my eye makeup off
bar after a makeup wipe
the makeup wipe leaves so much behind or this duo literally cleans my face to perfection
has enough tenacity to remove tough makeup
that it takes off nearly every trace of eye makeup
than it is to take the makeup off
the oil breaks down all my makeup
i love this face wash
it does an amazing job at removing tough stuck on makeup
it really removes every bit of my eye makeup
doesn't make my skin feel dry or irritated after removing makeup
both took off a full face of makeup
the best thing is that it removes any makeup or dirt that has been on your skin
the oil breaks down any of my facial makeup or no makeup
also helps make face makeup look better when applied after treating your face with this
i ran out of the makeup remover pretty quickly due to me wearing a full face daily
the oil removes all makeup when i didn't have any makeup remover
bar combided removed every single trace of makeup
after taking off makeup with wipe i use this to deep clean
does remove most oil
my only issue is that it does not remove my even my non-waterproof eye makeup very well
i always have to go in with eye make up remover after washing my face
i tend to wear a good amount of makeup
makeup from the skin
i especially love that it comes as a duo because i always double cleanse after using an oil cleaner to remove all my makeup
the results on my skin: makeup removed easily without damaging or resecting the contrary is soft
i did use the oil after removing my makeup
s then wash my face as opposed to rubbing it on the face as the instructions stated
it removed my makeup beautifully
even my eye makeup
just makes my makeup go on more smooth without making me look oily
they removed all of my makeup
bar adequately remove my makeup
it gets all your leftover makeup loosened up.
the oil removes makeup fairly well
it definitely cleared my pores of any makeup.
i especially liked the cleansing oil for removing my makeup
it really does get all of your makeup off!
two step cleansing process made all my makeup including waterproof eyeliner
it honestly removed all of my makeup
i love that you get the double cleansing of both makeup breakup with the oil
removes all the dirt/make up all of it
my makeup last all day
wears well under makeup
works well under makeup.
it wears great under makeup
wears great under makeup
it's not greasy and i use it under my makeup.
works well under makeup
takes off my makeup without stripping or making my face feel tight
it lasts on my face
has been great under primer for helping my makeup last
appearance when i wear it
i hate wearing gloves
that would make the makeup around my nose look terrible
look amazing under makeup
i don't even have to wear mascara most days anymore
after makeup, it didn't show as much.
i put it on my face after removing my makeup.
it does have actual glitter in it
i still wear it as a base/primer
i liked to use this as an actual liquid highlighter on no makeup look days because it does soak into your skin
i love to just wear it even without makeup just to embrace the inner glow
then applied my makeup
even under makeup, it maintained the glow.
i like to wear it on light makeup days with a light colored powder over it
it wears all day
like i need to wash my face
re-do my makeup
i put my primer
i wear it up under my foundation
every time i wear it
i don't wear it under or over makeup.
haven't tried it with makeup
it gives my face a healthy skin look under my makeup
i love this under my makeup.
i could deal without the glitter
now as an under eye primer before makeup
it completely takes care of under-eye bags
i usually use it before makeup or on the days i'm not wearing makeup its with my skincare routine
it makes my makeup go on smoother as well.
love the effect under makeup
t doesn't interfere with your makeup in the morning
i wore my hair up after i applied it
to avoid getting it all over my hair
i take makeup off with cold cream
serves as a primer for makeup
any makeup i put on top
it worked great as a makeup primer!
wearing makeup over this was great
i really enjoyed using this on days without makeup to help brighten
it goes well under makeup.
i also noticed my makeup wore better under my eyes as well
it layers well under my makeup as well when using as a primer
used it as a primer with my makeup
applied it on my face
as well as makeup
until i wash my face
didn't have issues with makeup
for the first time i feel comfortable wearing no makeup in front of my new boyfriend
my makeup applied very nicely over it
it gives you a nice "glow" if you just use it plus some moisturizer on no makeup days
i get flaky with my makeup
i decided to use it as a makeup primer
my makeup applies beautifully over it
keeps my makeup in place
it sinks into the skin so your makeup sits perfect on it
it doesn't make my makeup last
great for everyday makeup
helps my makeup stay on all day
i like for when i'm not wearing makeup.
i like to wear it under my primer
i would wear this without a foundation.
t doesn't look shiny or cause my makeup to slip around throughout the day
even w no other makeup
although i always wear full makeup
getting ready to apply makeup
i wear it alone on days when i'm not feeling like makeup
i do think it sits nicely under my makeup
feels nice for no makeup days
when i do wear heavier makeup on top
i don't wear foundation
it is great underneath makeup.
it sinks in nicely before putting on makeup
my makeup goes on much better with any other primer i have used
keeps my makeup on allllllll day
when i wear matte foundation it does not take away any of the matte finish
a natural shine for those who don't wear makeup daily
however when makeup is applied
i get instantly dry the second i put makeup on my face no matter what moisturizer i use before
stick out under my makeup
my only con with this primer is that my makeup doesn't last as long
then the too faced hangover rx primer before my makeup
made my makeup go on great
second it keeps my makeup on all day
made my makeup last all day
that kept my makeup on all day
this would be perfect for a no makeup look in the sun
for makeup i don't see that it helps keep it on at all
i notice my makeup
this is the only primer i have ever used that has actually prolonged the wear of my makeup
would advice using another primer on top of this one to keep makeup in place
go about with the rest of my makeup routine
also-- makeup stays perfect!
it makes my makeup stay all day
my makeups stays smoother through the day.
my makeup lasts the entire day without a touch-up or a blotting pad
it doesn't necessitate prolong my makeup
this helps my makeup last longer
great product to apply before your makeup routine
my makeup sits so nicely on it
once i put makeup on the flakes come back
want a perfect base for makeup
this primer makes my makeup look fresh
makeup goes on smoothly
which is perfect for makeup
to freshen up on these no makeup hot summer days
damage it does to remove
it gets off all the makeup
it will get off all my makeup
caveats: will take a tiny bit of scrubbing to fully remove makeup
is not the best at removing waterproof makeup
my makeup is removed
i do really enjoy this product for light makeup days
it's not the best at taking off very heavy makeup
don't have to put on makeup
i like this well enough for removing makeup
it helps to remove all the makeup off my face.
i don't wear too much makeup
just rub it all over to break down the makeup
i then go in with makeup remover wipes to cleanse the rest of my face
s that don't work as well as sephora's for removing makeup
more so than an actual eye makeup remover
i like to remove my makeup
removes all excess makeup
they are both very effective at removing makeup
it does a great job of taking off my makeup
can let it sit a bit to soften my eye makeup
if it's a bit stubborn i just add a drop of caudalie's makeup remover to my eyes as i love that stuff for eye makeup
i don't need to rub to get the makeup off like i do with makeup wipes
with one cotton round all water proof eye makeup comes off
mpressed because every other remover makes me red
it removed my waterproof mascara without a problem it removed all my makeup with very little effort
removes makeup fairly well
the regular sephora micellar does a better job with eye makeup imo
this will remove even stubborn mascara with the use of one more application
it will even remove makeup
i used it to clean off my makeup
it does get rid of all my makeup
amazing for taking of makeup
this combo together leaves my skin clean of any makeup
they take off makeup really well
it removes makeup so easy
i also love using it to remove makeup
it takes your makeup off easily
otherwise youre just smearing old makeup around your face
it does a great job of removing makeup without stripping your skin of all its oils nor does it leave a greasy residue
you could tell that the primer aspect of dreamskin made the makeup look smoother
i find myself using less makeup
it makes my makeup stay all day
makeup looked dreadful on it
especially after i take my makeup off
i wore no makeup the next day because of how effective the mask was
its a makeup artist must have cause i use it after my morning shower
before putting on makeup
my makeup applies evenly
i like to wear this one on my no makeup days
my makeup lasts all day
less makeup because my skin tone is really evening out
i don't tend to wear too much makeup during the week
it creates a great base for makeup
ends up ruining my makeup
makes your makeup long lasting throughout the day
help your makeup last longer
this product has changed the way my makeup goes on
my skin is softer when i cleanse my makeup off at night
it makes my makeup last so much longer
kept my makeup in place
however, it's not a good primer under makeup.
t's perfectly prepped for makeup
i find my makeup lasts all day
i let it absorb for a couple of minutes before applying makeup
i also notice that my makeup doesn't crease throughout the day
my makeup significantly lasts longer.
my makeup wore great through the day
it is recommended that you use it before apply your makeup
t's easy to use right before makeup application
not great for me under makeup
my skin looks nice enough after using this i sometimes go without foundation if i'm wearing minimal makeup that day
it almost like it holds my makeup too
it also sits well underneath makeup.
my makeup stayed in place better than with my usual primer
love to wear it to the gym as well to give my skin a little color-
i prefer to use it for non-makeup days for a little glow
blends very easily into the skin for a no makeup look
i put on makeup normal
i love it under my makeup.
i hate wearing makeup
the morning my skin looks so radiant i don't want to apply makeup
put this mask on
i tried it over makeup
it doesn't make sense over makeup.
one of the makeup artists in the store tried it out on me
i tried it under makeup
that doesn't seem to work as well as when applying it over makeup
it's great under makeup, too!
this does a good job of eliminating the oil slick that covers my face by mid-day
it does remove make up
i don't like to apply it over makeup as i feel it takes away some coverage
i find it works best when applied after i'm done my makeup
it doesn't remove my makeup
this absolutely gets rid of the shine!
tried all these matte primers before applying my makeup
so as not to remove the makeup
i usually use it over my makeup when i have a more luminous foundation
of course a little pigment ends up on the applicator it does not disrupt or change the way my makeup what so ever
my face looks like i just freshly applied my makeup
like washing your face without taking off your makeup
i do use it once more over my makeup
i do see my makeup come off on the sponge
wouldn't recommend putting it over makeup.
you can wear it underneath or on top of makeup without interference
always take some makeup with it
your makeup stays in place
the shine is gone without any added layer of powder or missing makeup from blotting papers
apply before you even need it to set makeup
i gave it four stars though because it does take your makeup off
i don't wear heavy foundation
didn't remove any of my makeup underneath
it keeps me matte without giving any white cast to my face like most primers do
throughout the day i can literally wipe off my makeup i get so oily
with the makeup transfer even with continued cleaning of the murad pad
it does kind of remove my makeup a little bit
the liquid also takes off some of the makeup
leaving my makeup perfectly in place
makeup held up super well!
it does not move your makeup
this will reduce oil/shine on your face.
after i put on makeup
especially when wearing it over makeup
it will break up your makeup
it makes my skin and makeup look great.
this face mask does as it claims
i used this mask in the shower, as directed.
it removes all my makeup even my heavy eyeliner
it looks great under makeup
this is the perfect face wash for me.
i also use this as my primer for my makeup.
is wonderful under makeup
it also preps makeup amazingly.
only complaint is if i go makeup free
this eye cream is appropriate for use under makeup for day-time
the texture is light enough to wear under makeup
my makeup goes on more smoothly
would recommend to use this after a long day of wearing makeup to get a really deep cleanse
if it gets in my hair
this mask is easy to apply and take off.
it feels great on your face after you wash the facial off
i barely wear makeup like i use to
my makeup goes on so smooth.
i've always liked to wear minimal makeup
i needed less makeup too.
pull your hair back before applying
my foundation/makeup applies flawlessly
is perfect to use under makeup
not only is this peel comfortable to wear
after wearing a full face of makeup all day
i only put on some primer
my makeup lays so nicely today
my makeup looked amazing
even after removing my makeup my skin still looked the same
my makeup looks way better
it's also been great under makeup
at night after i remove my makeup
on days that i don't wear makeup my friends
sits flawlessly under makeup.
not for mornings when i wear makeup
you can even use this in the morning under makeup
it works perfectly under makeup.
i also put my makeup on over it
it is great underneath makeup.
it works on my skin under makeup
i love to wear it under makeup because its silky
it made my makeup go on very flawlessly
light enough for under makeup
without washing my face
i used it under makeup this morning
it wears beautifully under makeup
applying makeup over it sits beautifully as well.
sometime if i'm not wearing makeup
this lead to makeup not sitting well
my makeup sits better and lasts longer.
i wouldn't recommend it for oily faces
it also makes my makeup apply smooth and evenly.
the only time i do not use it is when i'm wearing makeup
my makeup goes on super smooth
makeup on top of this
makeup lays perfectly on top of this.
i wore the cream under makeup
it covers my face
my makeup applied evenly with no patches
it acts like a night mask.
my makeup went on flawless.
not playing nice under makeup
not giving it enough time to soak in before makeup
not prepping their skin properly before applying
your makeup will go on smoothly
i love to use this after using my eye makeup remover
removes makeup so quickly
removes makeup well, love the scent
it removes my makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
this oil removes all my makeup in one clean sweep
it absolutely removes everything.
takes off my makeup
takes off my makeup
it does a great job cleaning up any left over makeup
takes all my makeup right off.
does a great job at removing waterproof eye makeup
i love this face wash!
still left makeup on the towel
so it's not great at removing makeup.
gets rid of all oils/makeup/dirt from your face
does a good job ridding skin of oil
removes all traces of makeup
but this is my absolute favorite face wash.
the only cleanser that removes all of my makeup
take all my makeup off
wash my face with this
it removed all of my makeup as well as giving my skin a nice clean
this removes makeup dirt
it gets all the makeup off
i look forward to washing off my makeup
it removes all my makeup
it removes all of my makeup
i hardly wear makeup now because i don't find it necessary to hide my imperfections behind makeup
t can really do its work without makeup layered over it
i like to wait 10 minutes before applying makeup
have zero need for makeup
almost as if i was wearing the perfect highlighter
also sits well under makeup!
preps it for makeup application
how my makeup looked
i didn't even wear any makeup today.
sometimes i put it on before my makeup
my makeup goes on perfectly
while my makeup is on
i don't wear make up
i don't recommend using it before your makeup though
used the shiseido ibuki smart filtering smoother over my makeup in my t-zone
it goes on seamlessly on top or underneath my makeup
perfect for days when you want to wear as minimal makeup possible
i even wear this on my no makeup days to just give my face a smooth
over makeup on one side of my face
rather a skin care mechanism to wear on bare face or
lightweight enough to wear under make up
it keeps my makeup in place
i love using it on days when i'm wearing less makeup
it's a use-over-your-makeup product that blurs imperfections
made my makeup look great
my makeup stays on all day
i love that this is applied on top of makeup.
it didnt help to remove it
this quickly made its way into my makeup bag rotation
it really adds that extra-flawless finish to your makeup look
for that extra flawless makeup look it is great
can be used under makeup or alone.
keeps my makeup fresh all day
before my foundation or when i'm wearing no makeup at all
it can also be used over makeup
before makeup application as a primer
i pay it over makeup
on top of makeup for touch up purposes throughout the day
what i noticed when i applied this product on was that my makeup was super matte
i love using this product underneath makeup the most
plus it doesn't leave your skin feeling like you have caked on makeup which i love
i tried it first under makeup
use it right after applying makeup to keep a matte finish for the day or apply midday to refresh your look
makeup applies like a dream!
especially if you're not wearing makeup or you're wearing light to medium coverage foundation
i never wear foundation
i just put this over my makeup
it made my makeup look so much better
a lot of shiseido products can be worn over makeup
created a smooth base for my makeup
tear of the day to keep my makeup on
helps makeup apply more seamlessly on top
i feel my makeup stays longer
doesn't disturb my makeup underneath
pat the product on top of makeup or skin instead of rubbing it in
basically useful on no makeup days as it has a smoothing
if you're minimal with makeup
helps my skin to look extra smooth under makeup or alone
i love putting this over my makeup
i wear this under my make up
i loved the way my makeup applied over it
also after applying my makeup
it can also be used after makeup.
when applied under makeup
look so perfect on your no make up makeup days!
the makeup looks so even
when i wore it under makeup
it didn't break apart my makeup
right before you apply your makeup
it makes you makeup look amazing under or over top
will make your makeup pill if you use it underneath
at first i put this as my last step skin care routine before applying makeup
i then tried using it on my face after applying makeup
makeup help up the entire day
then after base makeup
my makeup stayed on longer
perfect for those makeup days though
still getting the hang of integrating it into my full makeup routine
i love this product for my no makeup days.
the filter is not a primer is a miracle for skip for all that makeup process
is a great base for my makeup
it takes away the shine
i love the use this under my makeup directly: it's not a primer
as it makes your makeup separate
all makeup away with no problems
this is the best first cleanser to remove makeup with all the things missing
nothing gets the makeup
this takes my makeup off so well i love this!
does a very nice job removing makeup
i can only review its effect on light makeup.
i only put on light makeup
'm not sure about heavy makeup
i actually look forward to washing my face
it effortlessly glides on an i can massage my face for a while to get rid of makeup
i love this type of makeup remover over anything else
the oil comes right off with the makeup
i hate having to drag the rough cotton pad on my skin to remove makeup
none of them removed my water proof mascara without a lot of scrubbing
the rest of my makeup without leaving a lot of oily residue on my contacts
if you don't wear waterproof makeup
doesn't leave any residue?checkneed a cleanser that takes seconds to remove everything
use it to remove my long lasting red lipstick
waterproof makeup doesn't stand a chance.
i like this oil for cleansing more than removing makeup
it's fine under makeup
this is great for wearing under my makeup
it sits well under makeup
then once more just before i apply my makeup
because this product is not greasy it goes well under makeup
if i go makeup free i still have to just wear concealer because people really do think i have two black eyes
can put it on under my makeup
this oil will probably work beautifully under makeup
doesn't affect my liquid foundation/makeup staying on my face all day long
i noticed my lashes have gotten longer as i use the whole product line from makeup cleanser
i've used this on my hair
can wear it under my makeup
in the morning under makeup
won't interfere with your makeup
i put some on my hair even.
i wash my face
or leave a white cast
makeup goes on much better
i'd wait 20 for heavy makeup
perfect under makeup or alone.
saves me the time of covering it up with makeup
these wipes are perfect for travel
same ones they give you to wipe down before getting their laser facials at their skin clinics
it looks great under makeup
how well it works under makeup
makeup goes well over it
have had no issues with the cream caking up or making my makeup look off the next day
interfering with my makeup application or irritating my contacts
i feel comfortable without a full dose of eye makeup
this has helped my makeup go on more smoothly
makeup can be layered over it
it makes a great base under eye makeup too
makeup applies nicely after i use it
nonetheless- this is my new favorite face wash!
when i'm at work with a full face of makeup
no makeup lasted on my face
this face wash is perfect
it works very well to control oil whether i am wearing makeup or not
still manages to take off all of my makeup is near impossible
between this face wash
it's not that great for removing makeup
would recommend an oil cleanser before using this to take off eye makeup
i did notice a glow to my skin whenever i use this cleanser which was nice especially on makeup free days
smooth base for makeup
it got rid of any extra oil as well as any makeup residue
the cleanser is great in the morning to really prep your skin before your makeup
left it clean without stripping my skin
it really doesn't do that good of a job with taking eye makeup off
in addition, it really cleans your face.
i first take off my makeup with a sephora rose wipe
(fyi i would not use this to remove eye makeup!!)
the only thing that i wish this cleanser could also do is remove makeup
so a huge heads up to anyone who wants to try this product – remove all of your makeup before using
i will continue using this face wash.
this cleanser effectively removed all my makeup
help my makeup go on smoothly
i normally put my primer on before i do my hair
how to keep my makeup on all day
it seems to provide a nice base under makeup
it's a great product if you wear makeup
since i don't wear makeup
ddd my makeup stayed on
not heavy perfect to use before makeup
keep my makeup in place longer
the first month i used it in lieu of the sheer transformation moisturizer on no-makeup days as well
i only use this on makeup days
my makeup stays in place for way longer
also works great to help set makeup!
now i can wear my makeup nearly just as long
or wear it on its own
when i use these before makeup
leaves my face ready for makeup
is fantastic under makeup for a super matte face all day
wear well under makeup
is great for a matte layer under your makeup
use this on days i wear makeup
want to mattify your face without putting on setting powder
my makeup stayed longer without creasing
works well under makeup
has a matte look which works well under makeup
my makeup sits so well over this entire balance line
wears well under makeup :
i love using this before applying my makeup because i love how lightweight it applies on my face
i doesn't interfere with my makeup primer
making it easy to apply makeup
this is perfect for day time use before makeup application
after i wash my face
this cream sits really well under makeup.
for that reason it wears beautifully under makeup/concealer as well
my makeup goes on dewy and stays all day.
helped even my makeup
good for everyday makeup no makeup look.
experienced makeup wearers alike
feels great on my skin i don't feel like i'm wearing any makeup at all
i don't feel like i'm wearing any makeup at all
not to look like i'm wearing makeup
for someone who wears little to no makeup each day
most impressive is how it wears underneath makeup
i only use it in the am before makeup
helps my eye makeup stay
"your eyes will be the first part of your face to begin aging
i also don't wear makeup all the time anymore.
interfering with makeup finish
i put it on before my make up which doesn't make my makeup look oily through out the day
in am before makeup
my makeup looks fresh all day with this with no running/melting
makeup will splotch out if you don't let it set in first
also amazing to wear under makeup
i used this after i took all my makeup instead of my usual facial night cream
i wear this under my primer
helps makeup blend so well
i also use it as skincare when i don't wear makeup
i apply 2-3 drops of this elixir right after or before applying makeup
my makeup still stays in place
i've never felt comfortable not wearing makeup
i don't like it mixed in with makeup
i really like wearing this with no makeup.
i still get that makeup glow.
minimal use on your face
i rub it in with a *clean* makeup brush
it doesn't leave your face sparkly
looks good with or without makeup
she wears it under her makeup
my makeup looked great after applying it before foundation
some drops on my lips to prep for lipstick my makeup blended insanely perfectly like no words to describe how well it worked
makes my makeup look amazing
this is the first thing i put on when doing my makeup
it helps keep my makeup on all day!
my makeup is smooth
this is now part of my everyday makeup routine
i feel like it helps my makeup set
my makeup went on super smooth
this just keeps my makeup in place
did not clog my pore or interact with my makeup weird in anyway
after i wash my face
my makeup lasts just as long
why not having a primer that benefits your complexion
i definitely like it this as a makeup primer
this stuff is bomb makes my makeup look so flawless smooth it is not oily at all
overall great makeup base
i've seen this product on every single makeup video
i'll be adding this to my makeup regime!
it gets your makeup to stick to your skin
not as a makeup primer
to help the makeup last
overall my makeup looked
it held my makeup all day.
my makeup stays in place
don't have time to touch up my face or wear a lot of makeup
it's perfect my makeup stays on all day
it takes the wear over the top with that foundation
if used with a silicone base your makeup will slide off
my makeup lasts through a 12 hour shift with no touch ups
i don't want to have a face full of glitter
then apply my primer
i know that my makeup applies smoothly since i added this beforeh
normally i use a makeup wipe to take off my makeup prior to using a cleansing balm
with this i left all of my makeup on
primes my face great for makeup
i rarely wear makeup
it does have glitter
another primer under makeup
i've always used the clinique remove the day
my makeup does not budge
this is a nice makeup remover
it takes my waterproof mascara off with ease which i had trouble doing with other makeup removers
i started having a bad reaction to other makeup removers around my eyes
it removes all of my makeup
i will never go back to another makeup remover
i can't get over how impressed i am with it removing my makeup
it removes all of my makeup without tugging on my skin or eyes
it takes off 100% of my makeup even when i do full glam
or a full face of makeup
it took off all my eye makeup.
this melt my makeup right off.
i didn't have to remove my makeup first
for the record: i wear primer
layer on two different mascaras when i wear makeup
i can't say if it will remove all of your makeup if you wear makeup-artist levels of product
it took off every bit of my makeup
grimy face full of makeup at the end of the day
the heavy duty liquids that work well for eye makeup don't take off foundation
takes all water proof makeup
gets the toughest of makeup off of the face
takes off makeup quickly without feeling harsh
the makeup melts right off of my face
i read that it's good to remove the makeup first
this is gentle and removes all your makeup.
i do use a separate eye makeup remover.
truly gets all of your eye makeup off
zero makeup traces anywhere
just want my makeup off
not even to remove makeup
including stubborn eye makeup
this removes makeup so well
this is the only product i've ever used that completely removes waterproof makeup
best grime/makeup removing performance tied with the heimish balm
s down the best way to get all your makeup off great for oily skin
asked how i can get a makeup remover that was not harsh
it really does melt away your makeup.
actually cleans off my makeup
for some reason it does not do a good job of removing my eye-makeup
green clean is by far the best makeup removing balm i have ever used
it removes all of my makeup hassle free
although i like to use a specific eye makeup remover
this does remove all traces of my eye makeup
having exhausted my patience with eye makeup removers that don't work
i can wipe my face down with makeup removing wipe
follow that up with an oil-free eye makeup remover
this product cleans my face on the first try.
you won't find a makeup remover better than this one
it has no problem removing any makeup
s the make up removing power
just started using it at the end of the day to remove my makeup
what i love is that it removes even pesky mascara
i love it because it always removes my makeup completely
this is the only makeup remover i've used that can remove it completely
it's amazing at removing makeup
unless i'm wearing full face of makeup
depending on my eye makeup of the day
use that to remove the remaining product off my face
removes all make up
it removes my makeup incredibly.
i just prefer to use my dior eye makeup remover for my eyes
this really does melt away makeup
removed all my makeup
great for removing makeup.
normally not one to wash my makeup off at night i use this even if i only had on mascara
it removes everything without leaving a film
it removed all my makeup except my mascara.
it really does clean makeup away super easily
easy to remove my makeup.
it is literally the only cleanser i have ever tried that actually removes all of my makeup
it takes my usual 3 step makeup removal process down to 1 step
it easily takes off all my makeup
this is the first makeup removing balm i tried
i think it's the most gentle way to remove makeup
pulls my eye area since i wear a lot of eye makeup
if i'm wearing a full face of makeup
it removes about 95% of it
it removes all of my makeup
removes all of my makeup
i just thought that was part of the makeup removal process
i absolutely love this makeup removing balm.
it immediately breaks up makeup
although i always prefer to use micellar water to take off my eye makeup
it breaks up makeup
i love using this to remove my makeup.
i will never use wipes again.
it just glides over your skin taking off all makeup
truly does melt away all traces of makeup
it removed all my makeup
i used it to remove my eye makeup
took off all of my makeup without any issues at all
many reviews mentioned it's use to remove eye makeup
all the eye makeup gone
does a great job of removing my makeup
i don't wear heavy makeup though — never eyeliner —
i prefer to remove makeup with this balm
i usually have to use makeup wipes after washing my face around my eyes
not a single trace of eye makeup.
every day of my life i have been using eye makeup remover before
this stuff starts melting your makeup off almost immediately
lipstick that usually takes a whole lot of scrubbing?
it removed all my foundation/blush
it did not remove my eye makeup
i immediately was able to remove my eye makeup without the extra scrubbing
it's just such a gentle way to remove makeup
this product takes off all your makeup
doesn't pull on your eyes
i do not find traces of makeup on my eyes the next day
but the oil is what breaks up the makeup!
removes makeup like a charm
i definitely have found my favorite makeup remover
does an amazing job at removing all traces of makeup
i actually look forward to removing my makeup!!!
it takes off everything with minimal effort- even heavy duty mascara
it takes all of my makeup off
so for me it gets all of my makeup off
takes all makeup off
takes off all makeup including waterproof mascara
better then any makeup remover i have used before
it takes off alllllll of my makeup
this removes all of my makeup even my water proof eye liner
it took off all my makeup without making me scrub a thing
this is an awesome makeup melt away
have used it to take my caked on makeup off
it takes all my makeup off so effortlessly
takes off all my makeup.
this product is soft enough so that you just have to use a tiny of pressure to remove makeup
takes all my makeup off with zero fuss
this cleans every bit of makeup
this is the best makeup remover ever.
takes everything off without stripping
i don't wear foundation
i don't wear makeup very often
this one takes makeup off completely-don't have to use makeup remover afterwards
this is hands down the best makeup remover ever!
gets makeup off absolutely effortlessly
this makes removing makeup a breeze!
so this is the perfect make up remover to take around with me
i tried it on my hair
i like to put my hair in braids for one day
it removes dirt and makeup well.
it still removes all my makeup
it wells wear under makeup
does not leave a white cast so you can wear this on its own as well
need heavy duty spf to slap on most days
i feel like this doesn't leave a white cast
the rest of my makeup as usual with no issues
the woman at sephora said i could wear it under makeup
this product also layers well with makeup on top
works great under makeup!
it is lightweight to use under your makeup
little time to prep my face for makeup
it's beautiful under my makeup.
my new favorite face mask!
is great to use before doing your makeup
removes every little bit of makeup.
i could wash my face
with one swipe of this over my washed face there still makeup coming off
using this mask changes the way your makeup goes on immediately
tada, no more makeup!
used 2 makeup wipes until no more makeup was appearing on the wipe
i could not believe how much makeup/dirt/oil it removed
even after my makeup wipes had been "wiping clean"
i usually use benefits they're real remover as a quick remove
micellar waters never take off all my makeup.
i took a makeup wipe to see what it missed
it's the best makeup remove product i've used ever
it takes all my makeup off
my makeup is gone
it s really wonderful to remove the makeup
they are difficult to remove without extractions
that helps remove anything drawn out
it makes my makeup stay on all day
i leave the house without makeup
out of all the masks i've used
it removes makeup well
it did not throughly remove my makeup
doesn't strip my face
this product not only removes makeup
i wear quite a bit of makeup
including water-proof eye makeup
i wear a lot of heavy eye makeup
a full face of makeup easily slides off with this magical wash
i've used it to wash off all my makeup-- even sealed eye makeup on ud primer--
can be worn well under makeup
my eye makeup went on smoothly
it works great for priming the skin for makeup
it didn't negative effect makeup when applied on top
it does an amazing job as a makeup primer for dry skin
i doesn't feel like wearing a mask
can reapply makeup without dryness!
' a' good base for the makeup
especially for summer when i don't want to wear a ton of makeup
makeup looks great all day
this is also makeup friendly (yes!).
my makeup looks amazing
under makeup to make my skin glowy
however the mask rips so easily that i don't see the point of ditching my sheet masks for this
i then remove the grey mask
i like how i apply the cream first to my face
and the mask fit well on my face.
that i think makeup would slip off from
can't put any makeup on it dry
i can put it on under my makeup without it separating
makeup looks great all day
my makeup lasts all day
my makeup just set on top of it
it covers your whole face
can be used before applying makeup
great for under makeup and not at all greasy.
holds my makeup longer
it sits great under makeup
it reminds you of getting a facial in a high-end salon
and it wears well under make up.
i am totally comfortable not putting any makeup on my face
i barely wore any makeup today
i love it under my makeup for a super lightweight
because i am usually full face of makeup daily i don't use skincare in the am
this product makes my makeup look great
after removing the mask
my makeup goes on much better
her makeup looks better
still use purity to take off makeup
it literally takes every stitch of makeup off in one washing
it is amazing under makeup
nor could i have worn makeup on top of it
i love how easily it removes makeup
i've only found one thing that completely removes my makeup
this takes off makeup so easily
without leaving that super greasy feeling of most other oil makeup removers
it takes off makeup that's for sure!
it's not good with taking off my makeup
s down the best way to take off your makeup
it literally dissolves all of your makeup off.
i get past that by just closing them really tight when i'm washing or removing my eye makeup beforeh
it got every trace of makeup
i utilize this first to remove my makeup.
like any makeup remover why would you want it to get into the eyes
it removes more makeup than the boscia one i was using
not only does it remove makeup
it removes waterproof makeup
they just don't take out the makeup as fast
whether on clean skin or to get makeup off it works without making a mess
how this product removes makeup is amazing
i absolutely love this as a makeup remover!
i don't remove the mask
that works well under makeup
i wear makeup for work every day
seems to help my makeup last longer
this is now an essential to my makeup routine!
as opposed to other lotion there was a layer between make up
i wasn't even wearing makeup
put this on right before your makeup application
makeup goes over it beautifully
under my makeup with no issues
my makeup looks amazing
i no longer where makeup because my skin is glowing
you can apply your makeup right away with no issues
it was kind of awkward to wash off my whole face of makeup
without interfering with makeup
as makeup doesn't seem to apply well over just the serum
this eliminates my under eye puffiness while i do my makeup
require a lot of product to fully remove my makeup
i take my makeup off while i'm at work
so what i usually do is use makeup wipes for make removal
it effectively washed off my makeup
definitely not a good eye treatment for the mornings underneath makeup
my makeup isn't settling into the fine lines the way it used to
you can actually wear it under makeup without it interfering with makeup
doesn't "pill" under makeup
it doesn't migrate into my eyes or cause my eye makeup
it soaks in easily and works great under makeup.
this helps keep me less oily before puttin on my makeup
this is amazing for a pre shower mask.
it never ever really seemed to remove all of my makeup
it does remove all my makeup
as a cleanse after removing my makeup
gets my makeup off
i do a pre cleanse with oil first to remove makeup
i still double cleanse when i've worn a full coverage foundation
i don't use it to take off my eye makeup
it also removed my makeup off better with the sponge
doesn't pick up any left over makeup
so this cleanser impressed me in that aspect with its ability to truly take off my makeup
most others leave behind traces of my makeup that my toner picks up
takes off a full face of makeup
this strips all of the leftover makeup or dirt from the day
it doesn't completely remove makeup
it only removes the leftover makeup from when u removed ur makeup
it takes off my makeup fine
you're supposed to remove your makeup before you cleanse anyway
i get that the product claims to remove makeup
it helps to cleanse away any makeup leftover after a proper makeup removal/first cleanse
also, this isnt really a great makeup remover.
while the cleanser is intended to help remove makeup build up from your skin
first, who puts cleanser in their eyes?
removes all traces of makeup
i wear lot of makeup at work
after i wash my face
it takes off my makeup very well
just the pekee for my eye makeup
i don't find that it removes makeup any better or any worse
it did a great job of removing my makeup
takes off all my makeup too.
even more surprised that it removed my makeup with ease
i didn't even use my micellar water to remove eye makeup beforeh
i wear a lot of foundation- and powder on top.
my makeup usually has to be removed prior to cleansing simply because there is so much
i apply this all over my face after cleaning off my makeup
i don't use it to take off my makeup
it is really refreshing after cleaning my makeup off
took off all my makeup.
especially one for applying makeup
can't speak to its makeup dissolving abilities
it's a great follow-up cleanser for after i remove my face
it really plumps up my skin before makeup!
it pairs well with makeup products
i find myself using it over any of my glam glow masks
and the mask actually works.
great to use before makeup application.
this is the same mask as glamglow's gravitymud mask
make cool designs on your face :p
completely takes away my makeup
i wore a full face of makeup
it took off my makeup
i don't think i'd use it for everyday take my makeup off
i just use a makeup remover to take off my makeup
it isn't worth $5 to take off my face makeup
it removes the makeup
it takes off your makeup so nicely
it's effective at removing makeup.
certainly removes makeup with or without using a different cleanser beforeh
it takes all my makeup off so easily i don't even use makeup wipes removers anymore
it removes all of your makeup
however it does remove makeup very well without over drying the undereye area
makeup without over drying
unique way to wash your face
it's so good at removing makeup
it takes off my light makeup very well
i normally take my makeup off before i wash my face because i find it too hard to get all my eye makeup off with a liquid cleanser
takes off all my makeup very well
this ball works better than any makeup remover wipes i've ever tried
it will definitely save me so much money from buying makeup remover wipes all the time
by the end of the day i need a good makeup remover
it completely removed every trace of makeup
i personally don't use this to remove my makeup.
even after a few washes it still doesn't completely remove everything
bought this because her makeup was removed by using this product
since tati was able to remove her face makeup with this
i removed it with the other makeup remover from this br
s very effective at taking off makeup
i also like how this cleanser doesn't leave a film on your face
my new go to face wash
i found that it works good at removing makeup without any tugging
i'd use this as a quick "get my makeup off
even when i am wearing makeup
my makeup stays matte
perfect for underneath makeup!
after washing my face putting this on is like a facial for me
putting on my primer
best face mask i've ever used.
the masks just sit on your face
break down my makeup
it removes my makeup
it removed makeup well
it removes my face makeup easily
it's pretty good at removing makeup
my face doesn't have that over tight feeling cleansers can give you especially at night after washing off makeup
as to other reviews stating it does not remove makeup
as it does not take off makeup super well
i got this in a set it was a variation on the makeup optional kit
it removes makeup well
i don't wear foundation
very into the "no makeup makeup look"
helps me apply my makeup smoothly
my makeup lasts all day
under my makeup during the day
ready for the makeup products to stick in my face
the bite beauty mask thru the day when i am not wearing lipstick
this has completely changed the way that lipstick applies
smoothing for any time of the day
i also like long-wearing lipstick
i also love adding it to my lips when i apply my makeup in the morning
i may even start wearing this during the day as a light gloss
doesn't affect the longevity of my makeup
alone or under makeup
looks nice under my makeup
my favorite way to apply is after washing my face
i would not wear this cream under my makeup
makeup sets perfectly over it.
sometimes i'll use it under my makeup prior to priming when
not sticky and nice under makeup.
it is light enough to wear day
i could put it on before my makeup
another huge plus is that i can wear it under my makeup in the morning
this wears well under makeup
could use it as a makeup base
before i apply makeup
my makeup lays on my skin so much better
have been putting an even unbroken layer over my makeup
that it doesn't make my face feel masked with product after applying both the cream
which makes it a great base for my makeup
it makes a great base under makeup
i don't think it works well under makeup
i love this face wash!
nourishes it after wearing makeup all day
it gets all of my makeup off completely clean with no effort at all
left no traces of makeup
it removes all your makeup
thoroughly cleaning my skin without stripping it
makeup during the day
it works really well with my makeup
meshes well with makeup
then my makeup looks like a nightmare
not a good thing for a professional makeup artist
it works like a dream under makeup
feels great under my makeup
tried it under makeup
nothing else in my cleansing or makeup routine changed
pairs so nicely with my other makeup
is perfect under makeup too
this is great worn alone or as a perfect start for your makeup application
it covers my entire face
if i set my makeup with a setting spray
my new go-to summer makeup.
my makeup went on smooth
sinks in great before you apply your makeup
it's also great to prep the skin prior to makeup.
when i washed off my makeup, my skin was glowing!
so, i do not enjoy wearing much makeup.
at the end of the day when i'd remove my makeup i couldn't get over how great my skin felt
my face looks so good that i left the house without makeup today
this really takes a toll on my skin.
it makes the makeup flawless as well:
makes my face look so fresh without having to use other makeup
my makeup even wears better
can apply it under my makeup
i put it on under makeup
seems like the brushes she used on my face were dirty
when i remove it
this stuff removes makeup so well.
you use this to remove the mask
good skin care under your makeup sets the canvas for how your foundation lies
remember to always remove your makeup before going to bed
my makeup application goes on smoother
it removes make up very well
need a deep-purge of your makeup
wearing layers of makeup almost everyday has made my skin dull
makeup applies beautifully over it
it's really great for layering makeup on top.
makeup primer all in one
while i love using it under makeup to help smooth out my skin first
its perfect to use as a primer under makeup to help smooth out fine lines
apply makeup on top
especially under my makeup
problem: i needed something to use in the morning or after a shower that would make my complexion look amazing without any makeup
even when i wear a bit of makeup
doesn't pill under makeup
i apply mine before i apply my makeup
almost like a makeup primer
i love how i can apply it before putting on my makeup on
wrinkles plus it serves as a great makeup primer
is perfect for under my makeup
perfect for use in the day under makeup
this under eye gel can be worn for day or night
also serves as a great primer for under the eyes so makeup doesn't settle in the creases
how smooth it goes on when applying
i always manage to sweat my under eye makeup throughout the day
after using this product i noticed that my under eye makeup stays matte
i love how easily my makeup glides over it
i've also notice almost no creasing of my under eye makeup too
not to the point to where my makeup slides
yet light enough to use underneath my makeup so my concealer goes on smoothly
preps my skin for makeup application
it works great with my makeup
blended very well with my makeup
i applied mine in the morning before i applied my makeup
my makeup applies very nicely
perfect for the makeup-less summer look
sits perfect under makeup
it goes away when you start to put on makeup
works at getting off makeup
it doesn't strip your face
the only thing i will comment against is the makeup remover part
it does remove face makeup really well
i give it four stars because the eye makeup doesn't really come off with it
this stuff is great at cleansing without stripping your skin
it allows my makeup to set smoothly over my face
after trying so many different face washes
it can remove regular make up.
i like to use this mask for both no-makeup
4 stars only because it doesn't take off makeup.
it takes care of it with stripping my skin
it cleans better than any other makeup remover i've eve tried
this will forever remain a staple in my nightly routine for removing makeup
i don't where a full face of makeup everyday at
it removes every ounce of makeup
you will have more trouble removing makeup
use this to remove my makeup
i can even wear it on its own for flawless looking bare skin
i apply this to my skin before make up application for an absolutely flawless look
makeup would not lay nicely
my makeup sits way better on my face.
my makeup is back to lasting all day without seperating on my face
with no makeup on
it covers my whole face
looks great underneath makeup as well!
good for wearing under makeup
loved for a nice quick wipe down cleanse- haven't tried it taking off makeup
so my makeup would apply horribly.
my makeup goes on perfectly
makes my makeup application look so much better
great to wear under makeup
you can put makeup on right after applying this product
yet light enough to wear during the day under makeup as well
i do remove makeup with oil beforeh
it gets rid of tough makeup too.
this one was effective at taking off all my makeup
best effect using a makeup remover first.
it removes all traces of makeup including stubborn lipstick
it removes my makeup so well including my mascara
it removes my make up better than other make up removers or make up wipes
it gets makeup off my face like no other cleanser
it removes any remaining makeup your makeup wipes didn't get
i needed another face wash just to help with brightening
it works wonders in removing makeup
it completely removes all my makeup without stripping my skin of its natural moisture
it effectively removes makeup
yet effective in removing makeup
i barely ever wear foundation or face makeup at all
it does take off makeup
this product does not remove 100% of the makeup led on your face
removes all traces of face makeup
removes my make up
eye makeup off without need for makeup remover prior to washing
works great with the ole face wipes
use these first to take off all makeup
it removes my makeup thoroughly
appearance of the skin on my face
this is my favorite face wash ever.
it erases any trace of makeup.
removes make up much better than most eye cleansers i have used
i never see any dirt or makeup when using those
this face wash is a great choice.
great stuff and removes my mascara too!
other black eye makeup all over my face
this takes off my eye makeup much better
this has definitely taken top spot when removing makeup
works great under makeup
a little tacky to allow your makeup to go on smooth
when i use this before my makeup
my makeup would look good in the morning
recommended this for before makeup
i do like that it moistrizes well yet it sets to this soft matte finish perfect for under makeup
i always put this on before makeup
when i apply my makeup over it
it is a little greasy for daytime use under makeup
i wash my face
my makeup stays on all day.
works great under makeup.
didn't help my makeup at all
makeup looks great over it
helps keep acne at bay works great under makeup.
only time i had a problem with it under makeup was when i used the sheer transformation moisturizer which made my skin look flaky
if its doing work behind the scenes to protect me from getting wrinkles
my makeup looked so much better
since i tend to wear very little makeup if any
the makeup artist recommended this product
once i wash my face, i apply it.
covered my entire face
i can easily go makeup-free
which i apply daily before makeup
i put it on after i take off my makeup
prepping my skin for makeup
overall makeup set even better with this lotion
perfect to wear alone or under makeup
which is perfect for applying makeup
makes a nice base for my makeup
goes on nicely over makeup
it keeps the shine down without making you look caked
my makeup doesn't melt off
is great under makeup or primer
before you apply to face
then put on makeup
i put my makeup on
my makeup goes on over smooth and stays all day.
plus my makeup wears well on top of this which has been an issue with other moisturizers i've used
i don't even feel the need to wear makeup
besides that i've been wearing makeup since i was 12
i do not leave the house without some kind of makeup on to hid the scars
less hesitant about wearing makeup
the first day i wore this under makeup
even after i put makeup on
i think it is a good eye gel in the morning to prep for eye makeup
makeup stays on with it.
it sits nicely under makeup
have redness under my eyes this really helps when putting on makeup
makeup applies well over it also.
with or without makeup
i love that it goes under or over makeup!
this mask not only cleaned up my entire face
best used right before bed or right before applying your makeup
i've used it as both a cleanser on days when i haven't worn much makeup
this product removes all my makeup
i don't wear makeup everyday
also 1 pump is enough to remove the makeup/dirt
it is easy to wash off the face
even when it comes to masks
i applied it to my entire face
not as a full mask
which can set back your makeup routine
i wear it underneath my makeup
a huge plus for me is that my makeup glides on
while it doesn't completely remove all makeup
micellar water afterwards regardless to make sure i get all traces of makeup
i took off basically all my makeup
wouldn't attempt to use this to remove much makeup
wipe my face with it
it is not a makeup remover
removes all the makeup
good to use right after work or school if i'm wearing no makeup
removes the make up pretty well
i would just make sure to use another product to remove makeup or maybe alternate with a deeper clean product
my makeup also stays on longer!
i do still have to use makeup remover on my eyes
i am not one to wear a lot of makeup
it is not meant to be a makeup remover.
you should use a make up remover pad to remove makeup before cleansing this around
wipe my eye makeup
then go in with a cleanser to clean remainder makeup that is left on my eye
i wash my face with this
i really love the way this cleanser dissolves my makeup on my face
works on eye makeup too
removes all dirt from the face too.
doesn't leave oily eyes for next morning's makeup application
many ladies on here complain that it does not remove makeup
the milk helps break down any remaining makeup
it had not removed my eyeliner
all of my makeup came off
i can even use it to remove eye makeup.
it takes all the makeup off
it is one of the only things i've found that can remove thick mascara
it takes makeup off
removes all make up.
removing the product or it will not cleanse properly
i make sure to remove my makeup with something else first
yet gets all my makeup off without drying my skin
the only downfall is that i don't think it is very effective at removing my eye makeup
i 'm very tired of using makeup remover
it removes all my makeup
it removes my makeup
it removes my makeup
it's a very good eye makeup remover
she told me she uses it as a makeup remover
it removes makeup very well.
boscia for when i wear heavy makeup
at the end of the day my makeup isn't soaked into my face
does good job removing makeup, safe for eye area.
i like this make up remover a lot.
effectively removes eye and face makeup.
it easily washes away all of my makeup
also, helps remove make ups including mascara.
go get yourself a makeup remover
i love this face wash.
gets all the makeup off and does not dry my face.
use your regular makeup remover to first remove all the makeup
water as a second time to remove all makeup.
there is still makeup you remove?
it removes makeup completely
it's also amazing at removing eye makeup.
i used the boscia cleansing oil to remove makeup
with their formulas to use it on removing eye makeup as well
it doesn't sting as much as other makeup removers
does a good job of removing makeup
i start with the boscia makeup breakup cleansing oil to get my makeup off
getting my makeup off
not including eye makeup
it doesn't remove all my makeup
it removes make up easily
this is my only daily face wash i use.
it works pretty good for makeup removal
after i wash my face
removes makeup and clears acne for the most part.
removes all my make up including mascara
it even takes off some makeup.
if you want a makeup remover that will completely remove waterproof mascara then try boscia's makeup breakup cool cleansing oil instead
i love this face wash
cleans face completely of all makeup
a make-up removing wipe to give my skin a much-needed cleanse at the end fo the day
this cleanser will remove makeup very well as long as you get a good lather
without stripping my skin
it truly removes all your makeup
if there's any make up left on my skin after i remove it with make up wipes
all of my makeup comes off
it gets rid of my waterproof eye liner makeup
i do use a makeup remover before using this.
removes the majority of the make up
still effectively removed all my makeup
leaves my skin totally makeup free
it does wonders for removing mascara
is needed to even remove heavy makeup
immediately removes all my makeup
eye makeup without scrubbing my face
it takes off all my makeup
i usually use it at night after makeup remover
super lightweight and takes off all your makeup.
i try to wash my face everyday
go in the shower: since i know it cannot remove makeup completely by itself
i still use makeup remover before
removes every single trace of makeup so easily.
and even my waterproof makeup comes off easily!!
it changed the way i think of cleanse!
don't expect it to remove your makeup
use a makeup removing wipe or something specifically named "makeup remover"
this product works great to ensure face is clean after makeup has been removed
it also removes makeup
it removes all my make-up
including eye make-up with out scrubbing
it does a great job with taking off the residual makeup after exfoliation
i used it after i tried on some makeup
beats flying through makeup wipes
i definitely recommend pairing it with an oil to remove makeup most effectively
it takes off makeup easily and quickly.
even ones from fancy makeup counters
this is my go to face wash
particularly if i have been wearing makeup.
it removed all of my stubborn makeup
it washed away all of my makeup so well
i always switch between 2-3 facial washes
it takes off all your makeup
or it simply doesn't remove makeup well
this removes makeup very well too
just wash your face
it was easily covered with makeup
i simply apply this to any blemishes
allowing makeup to cover it smoothly
the cream is nice and it goes well under makeup.
do your makeup right after you apply it
the cream is a little too thick to apply under my makeup that i only use it nightly
great at removing makeup too
he claimed that it works great under makeup
it goes smoothly under makeup
even on days i have no makeup on
great for taking off most of your makeup.
still light enough not to affect the wear of the under-eye concealer i wear over it
can use makeup over it without creases.
i think all gels do not fair well under makeup
i find that during the day it doesn't interfere with my makeup
i only use it on days when i am not wearing any makeup because it doesn't make my makeup look good
under makeup is doesn't play well for me
i can't even use make up wipes
i walk out the door without a stitch of makeup now that my skin looks so amazing
after taking all makeup off
does leave a shine to your skin
it wears beautifully under makeup
great for use under mineral makeup
i am not super into makeup
beautifully aids in my makeup application
sits well under makeup
pm with other things my derm gives me
i apply it to my face
gets off every stitch of makeup
i love this face wash
does a great job of getting the makeup on my face
although it is supposed to be a one-step cleanser i still use eye makeup remover first just because that's how i prefer to do things
takes off all your makeup
it even removes eye makeup!
it takes off all my makeup
takes all my makeup off
removes all my makeup
it's so gentle i also use it to clean my makeup brushes :
including all my waterproof makeup
it removes all your makeup
this face removes my makeup without drying my face out
i love this face wash.
it takes all the makeup off without drying out my skin
it has even managed to remove my stubborn mascara
i love this stuff for removing my makeup.
it gets my face clean from makeup and dirts.
takes off makeup, without drying my skin.
this is one of my favorite face washes!
i remove my make up with this
takes off my makeup
at the same time: the only product that took heavy layers of makeup
it definitely removes all makeup
it's my go to makeup remover.
i even use it too clean my makeup brushes!
makeup effortlessly without stripping the skin or leaving any residue behind
nothing beats this cleanser as far as removing make up
havent try this one to remove makeup.
if i wear makeup i use an oil to help remove my makeup then finish up with the cleanser to have happy health skin
i need to use it either after my pre cleanser or use it twice to get all my makeup off
removes all the makeup
its pretty good at taking off all my makeup too
removes left over makeup
remove make up without having a dry skin
it washes off my makeup
i would not trust this product to remove all of my makeup
light makeup off my face
i don't wear much makeup
this gets your makeup off in one wash.
it takes up every single bit of my makeup
it removes some of my toughest makeup without irritating my skin or eyes
really removes my makeup also
it removes all my makeup
i can remove my makeup with it
it takes all makeup
does the job to remove all
and it really removes all makeup and tones.
i love this face wash.
effectively removes my eye makeup
said that she uses it to remove her makeup-which her face was caked with- i did not want to buy the full size
it seemed to remove all my makeup
wiping my face off with my white t-shirt when i noticed that i had makeup stains on the shirt
turns out that the cleanser did not remove all my makeup
getting all my makeup off
it gets most of my makeup off
takes off makeup well
gets off all the makeup, even waterproof.
it definitely cleans the face n takes off makeup great
if i'm wearing a lot of makeup this definitely removes it
it helps with taking any excess makeup off too.
the makeup wipes are my absolute fave
it does a good job to clean your pores of leftover makeup after taking it off with a wipe
100% my favorite face wash by far
it takes off all my makeup and it's gentle.
there was no dirt/makeup on the cotton ball
i got this face and eye wash in my playbox.
to get off any remaining makeup you might have missed removing
i love this face wash
it is great at getting off stubborn makeup
it took pretty much all of my makeup off
i seriously doubted the makeup-removing abilities of this cleanser
use it to remove my eye makeup
if i do a diligent enough job the cleanser removes all the product
it takes off all of my waterproof makeup products so well
it removes my makeup
a small dab of this in the morning helps prep my skin for makeup
removes your makeup without irritating the skin
still my favorite face wash !!!
it also takes off my makeup
it also removes makeup
decided to try this face wash
this is perfect for morning as it dosent interfere with makeup application or how your makeup looks
the first thing i apply to my face after washing it
it makes my makeup go on smoothly
no problem with applying makeup over it
my makeup didn't need touching up
treatment that protects my skin from any reaction i once had with all my face makeup products
it makes my skin look airbrushed when my makeup is on
i still use a pore filler when i put on my makeup
i'll definitely keep this product in my makeup bag
make my skin look more uniform
especially when i'm not wearing makeup
a staple in my makeup bag
i went to the bathroom to wash my makeup off
needs to dry really well before applying any makeup
it goes on smooth under my makeup
less irritated without makeup
absorbs quickly too so you can put makeup on right away
soft face for my makeup
it also worked really well before makeup.
preventing the makeup from irrating my skin as well
it has allowed me to wear minimal make-up during the day to even out my skintone
i am able to wear less makeup
it works nice under makeup too
looks great even without makeup
you can also apply under makeup
not worry about running eyeliner
apply with an old make up brush
then wash my face with it
i put this mask on
use it as a face wash or as a leave on mask for days when your skin is acting up
use it as a mask
then use as a mask
i will still wash my face
i usually use it just at night after using my clarisonic to get rid of the bulk of my makeup off
night to wash my face after i've removed my makeup
usually when i take my makeup off
i've found it works best for me to remove all make-up first with a washcloth
i wash it off.
this is by far the best face wash/mask
not sure how well it cleans make up off your face because i actually remove my make up first before cleaning my face
when i do wear makeup
i do take my makeup off first before i cleanse
it does a great job at removing any extra makeup once i wipe it with a makeup wipe
removes all of your makeup
it washes off mascara which a lot don't do
it quickly removes all waterproof makeup
i never tried using this as a makeup remover on its own because i didn't think it would be effective
if i'm wearing make-up
don't have to have a separate eye make-up remover
removes any remaining makeup leftover by my makeup remover wipes
i don't think it removes makeup as well as it claims to
i first remove my makeup with fresh's cleansing oil to make sure my makeup is completely off
with this i get all the makeup off
i love how it can remove eye makeup
it's great not having to use harsh face wash to get eye-makeup off
it easily removes any
takes off literally every speck of makeup without having to scrub like crazy
it takes makeup off easily
definitely removes all my makeup.
it clears my face unlike any other cleanser i have tried
it removes face and eye makeup so well.
to just melt my makeup off first
all your eye makeup will melt away without too much rubbing
something simple to get the makeup off your face
takes off all my makeup
this face wash wipes away all of my mascara with the smallest amount
this face wash fixes it all
gets rid of all my makeup
it is also great for removing light makeup at the end of the day- even mascara
it doesn't irritate my eyes like other makeup removers or leave a tightening residue on my face
this completely takes all my makeup off
it removes all types of makeup with little product
helps to remove stubborn makeup
it's great for removing makeup
cannot switch to any other face wash
it literally takes off the excess makeup i have deep in my eyes
i love using it to remove my makeup
today i tried it with a complete makeup look
this really does gently remove your makeup
i love this face wash.
all time favorite makeup remover!
i also use it to remove makeup on my light makeup days
it also removes all my makeup.
removes makeup as well,
it take off makeup residue that most makeup removers don't
this cleanser takes off every bit of makeup on your face
my makeup application has become a lot easier since using this cleanser
this stuff took my fake eyelashes off better than an eye makeup remover ever could
just a little bit takes almost all my makeup off in one wash
removes my makeup thoroughly
i love this face wash.
after using this face wash
it's not great for makeup removal
nothing works as well to remove all makeup waterproof or not
took me a few washes to get use to
my makeup went on like 80% better
removes all of my face
it wipes off my makeup
it takes my makeup off easily
massaged it into my full face of makeup
it took everything off except for a little eyelash glue
that it doesn't work as an overall makeup remover
i think it's good for cleansing the skin after having used a makeup wipe or some other kind of makeup remover
i look very dead without makeup
with little to no " scrubbing" my mascara comes off so quickly
the best face wash i've ever had
lovveeeee to try different face washes
even to remove my eye makeup
say it- this is not a great makeup remover
so much more effective when you remove your makeup prior to using it
when you remove your makeup before h
this mask helped clear up my skin even after slothering makeup on my face
it really removes oil
is easy to apply/remove
removing it with water or cotton rounds does not take off all my makeup
it will leave a light film over your face
it does not remove makeup well
so you definitely need to use makeup remover before washing your face
a fantastic eye makeup remover
i even stopped using makeup remover because it does a decent though not totally thorough job with my eye makeup
it's going to be my permanent face wash.
this wasn't very effective at taking off my makeup
it is necessary to use makeup remover first
this is pretty good at taking off makeup.
to remove my heavier foundation makeup
although it will remove my lighter foundation makeup
on days that i wear my heavier foundation makeup
i also like that it removes my makeup too!
it will melt away your makeup
it will remove all make up
it does clean the face well without stripping it
this face wash is amazing
i like this cleanser because it does a very good job of taking off all makeup
plus - a fantastic makeup remover !
removes makeup leaving my skin very soft
it just leaves an absolute flawless canvass to apply makeup
it covers my whole face
or was heavy under makeup
when i use this before makeup
my makeup stays in place for the whole day
it helps keep my face matte with makeup over it which i really liked as well
i like to put it on as one of the lasts steps in my skincare because it locks all my previous steps in
perfect as a primer under my makeup
it can be worn alone by those like myself who don't wear makeup
i've only used this when i'm not wearing makeup though
saviour for no-makeup days
so far is the perfect makeup primer
it really made a difference when applying makeup
the days without it my makeup didn't look as great
gives a nice finish for makeup
it's great for under my makeup.
what it will do is blur your skin beautiful for no makeup days
i love the way my makeup looks when i use this with a mattifying primer on top
i also use this daily under make up because it creates the perfect canvas to apply make up over
using it alone without any makeup
when used under makeup
did my full glam makeup
i tried this under my makeup
i can wear this under my makeup without needing a touch up by 10 am like i usually do
makeup now clings to my skin
t wears nicely under makeup
not to heavy for day wear
this is my go to moisturizer when i'm going to put a full face of makeup
i also stopped using my primer under my makeup
inner glow that gave me enough confidence to not put on a full face of makeup everyday
for my sunscreen when i'm not wearing makeup
it's the only thing i use under makeup
now my makeup applies beautifully over my skin
it's a great product that wears well under makeup
it made a nice canvas for makeup
i don't wear makeup throughout the work week
i see such a difference even the way my makeup goes on you can barely see the marks through the makeup i give this a 5 stars
it cleans off my heavy-duty makeup
really noticed how nice my skin looked after applying it before my makeup
basic makeup removing products from the drugstore
it successfully removes my makeup
i decided to try this face wash
it removes all make-up
try other face scrubs
it removes a full face of makeup
really smooth for makeup application
it removed my makeup
removing my makeup off
probably not very useful to remove makeup
you shouldn't be using this to scrub off your eye makeup
this is my new favorite face wash
find that i do need a separate makeup remover for eye makeup
gets all makeup and dirt.
i never go to bed with makeup on
this really cleans and removes make up.
it's a great eye gel to apply before makeup.
my makeup goes on smoothly
it doesn't ball up of show underneath makeup
this doesn't interfere with makeup application.
works well especially under makeup.
does not make my makeup smear
i only apply it on my under eye because it's hydrating as the description stated it's for aging skin
i put some primer over it
it has even lightened my dark circles to wear i don't have to wear as much concealer
lighting while i touched up my eye makeup
it also goes on well under makeup
so my makeup goes on smooth
so my makeup goes on smooth
then having your makeup done
on top of that my makeup does look better when i use it before i apply foundation
it looks great with or without makeup!
prevent makeup from accentuating my fine lines
this changed my makeup game
this product does wonders as a makeup base!
slap this cream on your face
nothing gave my face a glow like this "éclat de beauté " with or without makeup
that primer can really help keep makeup from being ruined by greasy sunscreen
i even wear it alone as "clear" makeup
sometimes i don't even use makeup for the day.
really helps makeup last all day
after washing the day's makeup off my skin
have not found this too oily to wear underneath makeup
use it as a mask
this stuff works wonderfully under makeup.
then it doesn't set under your makeup correctly
makes it wear better
i apply this before my makeup
after applying my makeup
the trick to using this under makeup is to use the product sparingly
follow immediately with makeup."
i put it on right before i apply my makeup.
my makeup still looks fresh after a day of work
my makeup looks better when i have it on
gives me a glow that lasts the entire day under makeup
i like the way it feels under my makeup as a primer
makeup goes on smooth
that models use it backstage to look rested
my makeup goes on beautifully
received a bunch of other clarins products prom a full size night time brightening cream
i needed less makeup on top of this
haven't tried it under makeup.
with or without makeup
when your makeup needs refreshing
press it into your face/makeup gently
doesn't mess up your makeup at all
seems to lessen the creasing effect some makeup can do
apply makeup right away until you like it.
with or without makeup over it
to apply makeup immediately afterwards
then do my quick makeup routine
this can be used as a treatment mask or as a primer under your favorite makeup
use it under makeup to as a primer
it does remove nearly all of my makeup
my favorite face wash
i still recommend using makeup remover first.
leave me trying to play the balancing act like some other cleansers do
i love this face wash!
the first time i used it i took off my eye makeup with dior makeup remover
i normally use my face wash to remove any left over eye makeup
this is a great face wash!
makes my makeup look better
it works great to smooth my skin prior to makeup application
i wouldnt recommend as a day cream as it soaks up makeup
i wear it under my foundation
don't try to put makeup over it.
use the pores no more for the makeup.
i wear it under my make
i even wear it under my make-up.
it sits well under makeup
impossible to wear under makeup
i like wearing it on body
you can wear under makeup
or flakiness under my makeup
as i think it would feel too heavy with my makeup
it's too thick to go under my makeup during the day
or wash my face
great under makeup or alone.
makeup during the day
i would not recommend use directly under makeup.
this could be too rich under makeup
can wear it under makeup
goes well under makeup too since it absorbs well.
i wouldn't recommend wearing this under makeup
when i started to have problems applying my makeup
wearing gloves at work
makeup goes on well over it.
i wash my face 2xday with the essential c face wash
i do not wear makeup
i can finally walk around without any face makeup
don't have to put a full face of makeup on for sun protection
also looks great when worn under makeup.
works well under makeup
makeup goes on well over it.
great for a makeup base
if you notice that it still looks "greasy" before applying makeup
makes my makeup run
it doesn't make my makeup run
is a great base for makeup
this product does wonders for my skin in removing spots
it creates a great base for my makeup.
it wasn't really rich enough to wear under my makeup alone before applying powder
doesn't leave any residue so you can apply makeup right away
take the makeup off, and just not be so harsh.
removes my makeup well
its takes my makeup off super easy
i find it does not do the best job at removing makeup
i will take my makeup off at night if i have this cleanser to wash my face afterwards
my face didn't hold makeup as well
i feel it does a very good job of removing makeup
it is excellent at removing makeup
takes just a little to wash your whole face
removes makeup it conditions my skin
all my makeup is gone
it will not remove your make-up
it even removes my eyemakeup.
i love this face wash!
washes all my make-up off
my skin even looks great without makeup
washes off makeup very well
which is priceless for under makeup
doesn't interfere with makeup
it doesn't work well under my makeup
it sort of balls up when used under makeup
it also looks best under makeup
i can wear it under makeup
no more tightness after removing makeup
was starting to notice a lot of under eye creasing with my makeup
also smooth under makeup
looks great under makeup
makeup goes over it smoothly.
which is important around the eyes so you can put makeup on right after applying
works very well under makeup
is easy to use under makeup
i love that i can wear it under my makeup or without makeup
doesn't play well with makeup
works well under eye makeup.
i forgot about the actual wrinkle
it takes forever to use up eye cream
also, it sits well under my makeup.
have no trouble applying makeup after
allows makeup to go on smoothly
my only complaint about it is that it makes my eye makeup run
i can put makeup on over it.
it also works well under makeup
i get no smearing from my makeup when i wear this under my concealer
its great under makeup and at night.
i can even dab it on top of makeup to fix dry spots
i feel like i never have to wear much makeup
it really helps to remove eye makeup without stressing the eye tissue
since i had no makeup on
takes some effort to wash off.
like changing my nail polish
it is replacing my shiseido eye cream because this does it all
it has helped my skin so much that i no longer wear foundation makeup
my makeup goes on well
great to use just before makeup.
it is also a good base for makeup seeming to hold the makeup on face longer
saw me without makeup
lasts all day under my makeup
works well under makeup.
this is the best cream i've found to date under makeup
the perricone is not as good under makeup as the ptr mega rich
in short- under makeup
my makeup goes on so much easier
eye makeup applies well after application.
wearing to much eye makeup will destroy your eyes
is light enough to use under makeup
can easily be put on right before my makeup
i want to tell them -- wear sunglasses
it's great under makeup
the stickiness actually works as a great primer for makeup
my makeup applies so much smoother now
it creates a great canvas for your face before you apply makeup
under makeup this product slips
this moisturizer is fine to wear under makeup since it absorbs really well
i also use korres face wash
then immediately put on makeup this is not the moisturizer for you
washing off my makeup
leaving you wrinkle free
around my lips after applying my makeup
it helps to soften the makeup
it will also work over makeup of eyes are appearing dry during the day
it's the last step in my makeup routine
can be soothing after having to remove eye makeup
i only use in the morning under makeup.
use it under my make up before primer
doesn't interfere with my makeup
in the morning under makeup
whenever i wear it
use it before i put my makeup on
it becomes more difficult to keep my lipstick on
to keep my makeup from smearing
or i'll wear it when not putting makeup on in the a
have been using this eye cream as a primer under my makeup for about 2 years
accentuate wrinkles like most others-keeps makeup in place
it takes away the shine
let it absorb into my skin before putting on makeup
i leave the cover off while i apply my makeup
it does not remove harsh
on days i wear makeup
cleans everything off my face
don't need to use makeup remover beforeh
it really does work at removing all makeup from your face
pollution without having to use a separate makeup remover
wore makeup with sunscreen
nothing i have found works as well to remove all traces of makeup
it takes off my makeup after 2 consecutive washes
it does take off makeup just as well as the liquid version
it removes makeup completely
it cleans away makeup
wipes off all residue of makeup
my makeup doesn't "melt off" as quickly like before
it all comes off in one wash
it does a perfect job in removing make up
it removes my face makeup with such ease
because it does work good for my eye makeup as well
just make sure you wash off your makeup first
it is not a makeup remover.
it removes the oil from my skin without overdrying
i've tried so many different face washes
after i remove all of my makeup
wash my face again
it looks great under makeup
makeup applies well over it.
i can put my makeup over it immediately as it absorbs quickly
s fabulous under makeup
i do not wear foundation or do any other makeup on my face besides mascara
it performs beautiffully under makeup
he uses it just before he shaves.
my son uses this also with the liquid face extra strength to help his face complexion
or "my makeup residue was still there"
using it after a makeup remover gets any makeup residue off
and, it removes makeup from the skin (not eyes.)
it takes off any type of makeup i have on
it takes off all my makeup
myself that all wear makeup
i will say again it's the best makeup remover out there especially for the price
takes off any makeup
got ride of my makeup
it removes any excess makeup i might have on my skin
have used for years as a make up remover when i wear long wearing formulas
it is simply phenomenal at removing makeup.
i follow with cliniques eye make up remover to just wipe away the mascara left over
it washes off all makeup
and takes off all makeup this is a must have
lather up it will remove all the make up from your face
removes all my makeup which i love
it removes every trace of makeup
i don't wear any makeup
at night i use it with my clarisonic mia to remove my makeup thoroughly
does a great job of removing makeup
i put on a lot of makeup everyday
new skin every time i use this product to wash my face
there is rarely any makeup left on my face
does a great job removing all my makeup
remove clinique makeup effectively
this gets just about all my makeup off
it is face wash
removing your makeup are two different steps in skin care
i love this face wash.
it gets my makeup off
it really removes all traces of makeup
this wash is the best face wash i have ever used.
it easily removes all my makeup
it removes my make up including my eye make-up
it ties off my makeup and really cleans my face.
i've used a lot of makeup removers
washes off all the makeup without striping the skin
i love that it works on any makeup br
take your makeup off before you wash your face.
it would be the equivalent to taking a shower with your clothes on
this product really removes all makeup in one wash
removes make-up like a pro
i don't really use it to take off makeup
it's nice to know that i have no leftover makeup on my face
i wear a full face of makeup on a daily basis
i very rarely have to use any eye makeup remover in addition to this cleanser to get it off
plus it takes it all off the first washing!
at removing long wear face
lathers well removing makeup without having to scrub on my face
i simply haven't found something that can beat how well this cleanser removes makeup
cleans without stripping my face or making it feel dry
it is great for removing makeup
i love this face wash
one reason that i love is that it removes makeup very thoroughly
although it says you can apply the face wash without using any makeup remover
i always use the neustragena wipes before using the clinique face wash
takes off all my makeup
breaks down makeup really well
this washes off all my non-waterproof makeup.
love the the fact it removes make-up
if you use heavy eye make-up you should consider taking it off with a wipe or eye make up remover
my only concern is that it doesn't wash off your makeup in one turn
it takes of all of my makeup really easily
i needed a cleanser that removed makeup well
it's a fantastic 1 step makeup remover
this product is one of the best products to remove makeup
makeup- those are the two main things this cleanser is great for
takes off every bit of makeup
i wear makeup just about everyday
i simply use this for the removal of makeup.
it gets every trace of makeup off with the smallest amount used
it takes off all make up, including mascara.
perfect for removing makeup
it removes all of my makeup
rather than using this as a makeup remover i use this as my morning
removes any kind of foundation
i usually remove my makeup before using this cleanser
my makeup would apply patch under my eyes
it also wears really well under makeup
then i apply my makeup as usual
great for daily wear
never makes my eye makeup run
it works perfectly under makeup!
aside from a face wash
i wear it on my entire face.
my makeup doesn't cake around where i've used eye cream
i wear it under my eye makeup
eye creams do not work under my eyes before make up
wore little to no makeup
wear makeup every day to work
sits well under makeup
quick absorbing qualities to be worn under makeup
t goes great under my makeup
it doesn't completely eliminate it
i get dry skin after i wash my face or shave
i've had trouble finding a moisturizer that works as well as this does under makeup
it sits really well under makeup
doesn't cause my makeup to slip
is a great makeup base
also perfect for prepping your skin for makeup!
so quickly i use it also as a pre-primer before applying my makeup
great for under makeup and as a night mask.
once applied on a clean face
is a good base for makeup
i could never get makeup to look as natural
perfect for under makeup or alone al
even under my makeup
i also apply it on to my clean
my makeup not only goes on much easier
it gives my makeup something else to hold on to so that i can blot my skin without worrying about my makeup separating
my makeup goes on flawlessly
i apply it everyday after washing my face
making it easy to apply before makeup
my biggest problem was finding a moisturizer that i could apply in the morning under makeup
works well under makeup
great base for under makeup!
i wash my face in the am with my normal face wash
my face gets irritated after i remove my makeup or when exposed to
took off my makeup
i put on my makeup for the day
this is one of my favorite daily use face mask!
this is my #1 mask
i put the mask on
i really recommend this face mask.
i apply this mask
makeup applies beautifully over it
i wear it as a daily/makeup free treatment
takes off all my makeup
i can use only this product in summer along with makeup
it takes all the makeup off
sits well under makeup.
this is the only makeup remover that removes all of my mascara
it removes my face makeup so well
i wear this under my makeup
it went well under my makeup.
my makeup wears more beautifully during the day as well
it does such a nice job of removing all of my eye makeup with no irritation
it is a very nice makeup remover.
it takes all my makeup off without the tugging
works to take off my eye makeup without a lot of rubbing
removes most of it with one swipe using a makeup remover
the makeup goes off really fast
this product completely melts off all of your makeup even the most stubborn eyeliner
it simply takes it back to makeup-free "square one
this balm seems to take off my makeup pretty well
i don't have to use makeup wipes anymore because this works better
it even removed stubborn mascara.
i do find it can irritate my eyes when removing mascara
it takes away all my waterproof makeup
it melts away any makeup i have on.
no dry skin and my makeup comes off so easily!
makeup gone, without irritation.
i wear a full face of make up
this one truly takes off all my makeup
there is never any leftover makeup
this is the only product that truly removes all signs of makeup with one use
easily takes off all your makeup without having to scrub harshly
removes every trace of makeup
this product is amazing it dissolves the makeup
yes it does take off stubborn mascara!
compared to me scrubbing away with my neutrogena makeup wipes that run $7-$9 a package
it makes taking off my makeup take seconds.
it removes all my makeup so fast
takes your makeup off instantly
it really take all your makeup all gently
i really recommend if you need a quick makeup remover before bed
instead of using this strictly as a make-up remover
it does a great job removing eyeliner
it just cleanses off all your makeup without stripping your face dry
takes off the most heavy makeup.
the only product i use to take off my makeup.
took off one star because although it does a great job removing my 24hr wear foundation
i will continue to use this to remove my makeup before using my regular cleanser as it eliminates the need for any rough wiping/pulling at my skin to get things clean
it honestly removes everything on your face quickly
all i need to do after i message this balm on for 2 mins is to go over with a makeup removing wipe
no hard scrubbing requires especially your eye makeup
s down the best makeup remover i have used till date
i usually wear makeup everyday to work
this gets rid of even my mascara within one wash without having to rub off my skin
after using this to remove my makeup
this is the best makeup remover ever!
this is the best makeup remover by far
this removes my mask of makeup in seconds.
it removes all waterproof makeup.
it removes makeup so well.
this makeup remover works really good on removing my foundation
i still have to use eye makeup remover seperately
i will never both to try another makeup remover.
all my eye makeup
i feel that it does remove makeup very well
it just seems like a hassle to me when makeup wipes do the same job just as well
i would always use some type of make up remover wipes that was always sensitive to my skin
it can take off the makeup easily.
eyeliner can be removed fully
completely removes long wear foundation
take my makeup off quickly
then wipe away with a makeup wipe to reduce tugging
it will leave a light film on your face
these balm removes all my makeup
including my eye makeup
okay i actually had a lot of eye makeup on
i'd used makeup removing wipes for a long time
i can see it strips all my makeup off
takes all the makeup off
it melts all my makeup off during the first step of a double cleanse
this stuff is amaze balls for removing every trace of eye makeup
gets all of my makeup off
even bits that wouldn't come off with just a makeup wipe
just started using to remove my make up before i wash my face with cleanser
ive never had a product melt away heavy duty makeup like this
i've never had a makeup remover work as well as this does
generally, i wear a full face of makeup everyday.
i always get compliments on my makeup
wipes to try to remove my makeup- which barely worked or reacted negatively to my skin
it would take me around 20 to 30 minutes to remove my makeup entirely
it melted all my makeup off
long wear "war paint"
removes all traces of makeup
took off all of my makeup
it melts away even the toughest eye makeup
the best thing about it is that i am no longer tugging on my face with wipes
whether you start with a pre-washed face or a face full of makeup
when it comes to removing mascara
everything about it is amazing it is the most effective makeup remover item i have ever used
this product removes every single bit of makeup
no other makeup remover has ever done that for me
it melts all my makeup off.
removes makeup like magic!
want to quickly remove it
this is like a magic makeup eraser
i wear a eyeliner that nothing seems to get off except this
it takes off every last bit of makeup
including waterproof eye makeup
this product makes taking off makeup hassle free
i dread wearing makeup sometimes because of the taking off process- this replaced all my products
the best part is when i'm done cleaning my face of the day's makeup
i started using a balm to remove my makeup before going in with my other skin care products i have seen a huge improvement of my skin
really does get off every trace of makeup!!
i wear a lot of eye makeup which makes taking it off a pain especially mascara
then wash my face
i love this stuff it takes off all of my makeup.
don't wanna take hours to remove makeup??
unlike regular makeup wipes
this literally gets off all of my makeup
this removes waterproof makeup like a dream.
i can't wait to wash off all my makeup just to smooth this
i do follow with a gentle foaming wash now that the makeup is off
believe me it removes waterproof makeup in 1 minute
removes all of the makeup
it takes off all your make up like a eraser
this is my go to makeup remover!
pair it with the makeup eraser it's a match made in heaven
all traces of makeup are gone.
it will remove your layers of makeup with minimal effort
this balm took my makeup off so easily!
this product takes off all of my face makeup
the only downside is it does not remove mascara very well
this is the best eye makeup remover ever!!
it takes makeup off so well
watching makeup gurus use this
it takes off all your makeup even stubborn eye makeup especially waterproof makeup
im never using makeup remover wipes anymore.
this is the one i use as a first cleanse to remove makeup on heavy makeup days
works like a charm even on waterproof makeup.
i still prefer the boscia cleansing oil for removing eye make up
for eyes i stick with normal makeup remover wipes
i've always used a makeup remover prior to washing my face
i tried the boscai makeup breakup travel size for $10 prior to trying this product
i've tested it about 5x by wiping my face with my makeup remover wipes after using this product
$29 for a makeup remover with this much product is definitely worth the plunge
which is really hard to remove
not only does it remove your makeup
it removes your makeup with just a little amount
this also doesn't make my makeup come off or smear as some other eye creams do
too soon to tell if it erases wrinkles
doesn't roll off when i apply makeup
performs well under makeup
stays put and can wear all day.
then that effect would wear off
it goes on smoothly under makeup
eye makeup sitting over it well also
and, it doesn't make my makeup smear.
it does not make my makeup slide off either.
love that it has spf 15 for daily wear
t's a great base for makeup
best face wash ever!
almost facial cleansers will not erase the eye makeup
it really works wonders with removing waterproof makeup
clean without stripping it
took off all my eye makeup well without rubbing.
i needed something gentle that could still remove makeup
i can't speak to makeup removal as i wear very little
it's not for removing eye makeup
it cleans off all my face makeup completely with no film or residue left behind
i don't think this takes off makeup
always use it after removing make up
i wear a lot of make up
i can even use this over my eyes after using eye makeup remover
certainly not a makeup remover.
it's best face wash i've ever used
however,it isn't great for removing makeup.
good at removing light makeup
it removes makeup incredibly well
've been able to streamline my routine a bit by getting rid of makeup remover
one downside is i have to use another product to remove my makeup first
this face wash has kept my skin completely blemish free
does not remove makeup well.
i stopped wearing makeup on my face
i also use this as a makeup remover
when i wear makeup
overall this face wash is fine
it removes my makeup
it won't remove makeup
then begin to wash your face
best face wash ever .
i love this face wash !
i love this face wash!!!
this stuff takes off all of my makeup--waterproof liner
my favorite face wash ever!
takes off makeup without drying.
it takes off makeup pretty well
it washes off my make-up
gets the job done without stripping my skin
wear a full face of makeup
when i wash my face with this product it takes off all of my makeup
the only drawback is it is terrible at removing makeup
this is my favorite face wash
my go to face wash.
removing all traces of makeup
i will never use a different face wash!
when i have a full face to remove
it will not remove heavy eye makeup
remove my eye makeup with another product before cleansing
i mainly use it as a makeup remover because i don't really see the purpose of it
it works amazing as a makeup remover
it's great at the end of the day to remove excess makeup
removed makeup so well
love this face wash.
it doesn't always remove all of my eye makeup
i doubt it would remove waterproof makeup
not for removing makeup
it removes what remains of my makeup
no separate eye makeup remover required
i actually used it to clean my beauty blender to see how well it removes makeup
it removes all makeup
i also use it as makeup remover along with the pink eraser cloth from sephora because i'm lazy
it significantly extends the wear of my makeup
it provides a poreless base for your makeup.
your makeup will stay put all day.
i normally need to retouch every hour
it makes makeup stay longer
didn't keep my makeup on
makes my makeup last all day on my oily skin
i still use it to control shine
my makeup lasts 9 hours or more!!!
this trick works with all my makeup!
this primer routine really makes my makeup-wearing days more comfortable because i'm not concerned about the oily slick i'm guaranteed to see in about 2 hours from application of my makeup
1 hour after applying my makeup
i don't really wear makeup
my makeup applies so smoothly over it
new favorite item in my makeup case!!
not only does this primer works with keeping longevity with my makeup
is the perfect primer base for makeup-mine lasts all night when i start with this
i rarely wear foundation
my makeup goes on flawless now too!
it makes my makeup last
it does get covered with my makeup though
my makeup stays all day
my t-zone makeup stays put all day
even after i apply my makeup
your makeup will stay all day
it also gives a good finish to your makeup .
i sometimes use it on days on its own without makeup
how my makeup looks
especially before makeup application
works well under makeup
makeup will not budge unlike other heavy moisturizers
my makeup would dry up
fresh canvas for any makeup i put on
therefore it goes very well under makeup
my makeup lasts longer bc of that
layers perfectly under makeup, or sans.
and makeup goes on flawlessly over this.
lays the perfect face for makeup application
makes makeup last longer
actually extends the wear of my make-up
also that while i have it on my makeup doesn't change colors mid day
tugging caused by removing under eye makeup using wipes
melt away any makeup
i notice that it does remove all of my makeup
all traces of makeup are gone
after i use a neutrogena makeup wipe
it won't take off heavy duty makeup
i prefer to use a makeup wipe to start
clarisonic after using this to remove my makeup
it is light and perfect to wear under makeup.
this products removes all makeup leaving my skin soft
three pumps for a full face of makeup
not 100% removal of water-proof makeup
i wear the lancome make-up
though: it will not remove all of your makeup
you will still need to remove heavy makeup first before using this
this is my go-to face wash.
does a great job removing long-wearing foundations
you really don't need eye makeup remover with this
not even ofr waterproof makeup
after a day of wearing estee lauder double wear foundation you need a great cleanser like this to remove any long wear foundation
good eye makeup removal
this is the best makeup remover ever
removes make-up well
got all my makeup off
i tried many different ones that would remove all my makeup including mascara
it does remove all of your makeup without any effort
very effective in taking off all my makeup without pulling on sensitive skin
it will also take off non-water proof mascara.
has no real color to it so hides well under makeup
preps me for a smooth flake-free makeup application
it also performs well under makeup.
it's great for under makeup
i even wear it under sunscreen before i head out to the pool
ordinarily i do not wear makeup
my non-makeup face
my other favorite way to use it is as a primer beneath my makeup
believe it or not- i am now washing my face only at night with cleanser to get rid of makeup etc
my dermatologist approves too
it is a perfect base for any makeup.
under makeup or alone
use it when i apply makeup for special occasions
it makes a great base layer under makeup
i like that it is spf for days when i don't want to wear extra sunscreen or makeup
even with other makeup products
does not pill up under makeup
i've had some trouble with the sephora skin care line pilling after i apply makeup
with or without makeup
made my makeup look horrible
my makeup looked amazing after application
not only does it protect my sensitive skin it's so easy to wear under makeup
it had a smooth silicone like feel which makes it also double as a makeup primer
it creates a nice matte prep before applying any makeup
after 4 days of applying liberally on entire face
is great to use before you put on your makeup
i rarely wear it under makeup
the consistency is similar to a makeup primer
easy to wear under makeup
works as a makeup primer that keeps you from breaking out
my makeup looks a million times better
i like to wear that when i am not wearing makeup out
my makeup wears beautifully with no break down
i usually use lancome's teint idole fresh wear
act as a perfect base for makeup
as a cosmetologist told me it would work better with a serum beneath this
don't use it before applying makeup in the morning
there is never any makeup left over
not even eye makeup
my skin is super sensitive so makeup wipes pull
it really does melt away my makeup with no irritation at all
takes makeup off like a dream
this is a great makeup remover
this is great to first step wash off makeup.
this works great at getting off the makeup or just washing your face at the end the day
clinique take the day off cleansing milk removes face makeup flawlessly
this is a cleansing product for face makeup only.
your face makeup will easily remove with a round cotton pad
takes the makeup easily with a wet cotton round
i then wash my face with cetaphil
i will always recommend using a cloth to remove face make up or spf
this oil free formula of the take the day off cleansing milk is very effective at taking off the makeup
which proves that all the makeup is removed from my face
people need to get that it isn't for eye makeup!
it took all my face makeup off very easily.
it gets every bit of makeup off
rinse off or i use it dry with q-tips to take off eye makeup
leaves absolutely no makeup behind
it should get all your makeup off
have never had any makeup remover work this good
never experienced such an incredible makeup remove
first i take off my eye makeup with the micellar water
works well for removing makeup
to completely remove my makeup
it does a great job of removing makeup as a pre-wash remover
i wear heavy makeup
this takes it right off when i wash my face
i also love the eye makeup remover.
i do not like the way it removes eye makeup
i typically use a different product to remove my eye makeup anyway
it is a good makeup remover
t might not be the best makeup remover
it's meant to be used to remove your makeup before your skin care routine
removes all my makeup prior to my 3 step skincare
remember that this is only a make up remover
use a separate eye makeup remover
it really helps get all my makeup off
the 3 step face wash doesn't really take off makeup
don't use this on your eyes- use the eye makeup remover one
its a face makeup remover
thats why they make separate eye-makeup removers
eyes is better for removing eye makeup
will definately buy more as it works to take off the makeup without drying my skin
works well to dissolve long wearing makeup.
it dissolves makeup like it was never there
still have to use other products to get the rest of my eyeliner
i think it does a great job of removing face makeup
it is not made for removing eye makeup
it did not really remove the tarina tarantino eyeliner i had on
this is hands down my favorite make-up remover.
i love this product because it is the best makeup remover that i have ever used
takes off my makeup so easliy
leaves skin feeling clean after i rate it a 4 since it doesnt remove my waterproof mascara i use the eclinique eye makeup remover the purple one
i really like this makeup remover
the sephora rep that helped me pick it out said it would work as an eye makeup remover as well
an actual eye makeup remover would work much better to remove mascara
it takes a lot of scrubbing with cotton pads to remove eye makeup with the cleansing milk whereas using an actual eye makeup remover is much simpler
for just all over makeup removal this product is great
makes my makeup come off easier
definitly takes the makeup off
as this cleansing milk does take time to dissolve all makeup
it removes long wearing
it removes any foundation
even my eye makeup
it takes the makeup off your face
guess it is only for face makeup
it gets all the makeup off
effective in removing makeup
regardless of whether i'm putting on makeup
i don't use a makeup primer
i feel that it doesn't interfere with the makeup "canvas"
covers my whole face
i then put makeup on right over it, no problem.
nice base for makeup.
along with the shiseido face wash
the makeup doesn't slide off my face
makeup goes over it
my skin looks great for either a night out under makeup
smooth enough to apply my makeup afterward
let it sit before i put makeup on
it doesn't create an issue with my makeup
i read some reviews which said it doesn't work under makeup
just don't put too much when you're planning wearing makeup
i love when i look like i'm not wearing makeup.
keep it in my bathroom as well as my makeup bag
usually only wear it at night or on days where i will be wearing minimal makeup
with very light makeup
i could never wear it under makeup during the day
that could be because i wear a lot of eye makeup though
if you wear minimal eye makeup
i think it is a bit greasy for putting under eye' makeup
how my makeup lasts throughout the day
my makeup went on smoothly
apply this before i do my makeup
wears great by itself or under makeup
i just put my makeup on
takes off all my makeup
t's great for someone who wears more makeup
do a great job at removing makeup
my favorite wipes to date!
it is plenty to remove my makeup
does a good job at removing face makeup
forget to take off your makeup or just clean your face if you didn't wear makeup that day
this wipes most of my makeup off since i don't wear eye makeup so they work
does a good job at removing makeup
did not remove makeup or oil
it doesn't leave much of a residue like the other face wipes
these take most of my makeup off without any trouble when i'm feeling too lazy to use eye makeup remover :
i also love them for makeup removal.
absolutely love these wipes.
do a good job at removal
i love this face wash.
is that i don't always find it takes all the makeup off
can't really feel it is actually cleansing all of my makeup
does a good job at taking makeup off.
the sheets take off my makeups really well without irriating my skin
they're great for removing light make up
only takes 1 sheet to take all my makeup off!
my first experience with makeup wipes was with mac
they could not take off my makeup
these wipes have been great on all counts.
they really get the makeup off well for me
easily remove the day from your face
they remove all traces of makeup
avoiding my eyes if i don't want to disturb my eye makeup look
remove almost all of my makeup
take off all of my makeup really fast
doesn't remove waterproof eye makeup completely
wipe away all the makeup
these are by far my favorite makeup remover wipes
they do an excellent job at removing all of your makeup
these wipes work very well at removing makeup
this product is great for removing makeup
these are the only makeup wipes that i use.
these wipes not only remove my makeup
my only complaint is that they don't remove all of my mascara
it even removes the mascara.
i've tried all sorts of makeup removers
it easily removes any trace of makeup
including waterproof eye makeup
good for sensitive skin- doesn't remove eye makeup very well
they easily remove the little bit of makeup i use along with environmental pollutants
they remove makeup very well
i also use them to remove eye makeup
1 sheet is all i need to take off all my make-up including mascara
won't react to any of your makeup or other fase washing products
they do a good job of removing makeup
can wipe my makeup off on my way to the gym
remove any makeup very well
i would rather remove makeup
they totally remove all my makeup with no residue
wet enough to clean your makeup
thorougly removes all makeup
including eye makeup very well
they effectively take off all makeup residue while leaving skin soft
these don't get every single bit of makeup off
this is the only makeup remover that totally removes all my makeup
helps you take off your makeup before you use the cleanser
i gave it 4 stars because it does not fully remove my mascara
it does remove all my other makeup
the last thing i want to do is spend a lot of time removing eyeshadow
very very gentle and remove all makeup.
it removes all eye makeup
it takes off makeup quite well
great for removing eye makeup or wiping off raccoon eyes
do a great job of not only removing makeup
not always the best for tough to remove mascara
i prefer something light for daytime wear under makeup
keep my face matte and oil-free all day.
after i've used the face wash
under makeup i'd say this doesn't need to pair with a mattifying primer
the two in combination would go great under makeup
wears great underneath my makeup
it really helps with makeup application
it looked great under makeup before applying hourglass primer
the oiliness would peek through my makeup after a few hours
my makeup is very close to being as matte as when i first applied it
put on makeup and good to go all day.
my makeup stays put
especially once makeup has been applied
it's great before makeup
helps to keep my makeup from sliding off my face
my makeup stays on longer, too.
it helps my makeup go on more evenly
i can wear this during the day under my makeup
once applied to your face
and it works really well with my face wash.
easier to apply on makeup
also sit with makeup very well
have been using it before i apply my makeup
i can also wear this moisturized under makeup
i barely wear face makeup now
great for everyday use - alone and under makeup.
they need reapplication through out the day
absorbs pretty fast so no problems with makeup application or my primers
also washes off every trace of makeup
makeup on top of it
perfect for makeup without primer
i never use any make up remover
especially if you have makeup on
it removes all of my makeup
it takes off all of my makeup when i'm too lazy to use makeup remover beforeh
it's my favorite face wash
so you don't need to use special make up remover to clean daily foundation
it does not clean off eye makeup
it cleans makeup really easily
it removes all my makeup with a small amount
it really removes all your makeup.
effectively cleans skin free of even the toughest makeup
makeup should be removed before cleansing
i love this face wash.
this face wash some how combats both.
i only use this face wash.
is not as good as removing mascara
great for removing makeup
does a good job removing makeup
even eye makeup scrub for 10 seconds
it's as if you haven't worn makeup for days
easily it gets rid of eye makeup
it removes makeup easily
i don't use this to remove eye makeup
it's also a nice base for makeup
doesn't leave that white cast that some spf products do
it goes nicely under makeup as well.
cast of my skin if i don't use it
when i do wear makeup my skin looks fresh
it feels like i have nothing on under my makeup
even with makeup on
it also goes well under my makeup
i wash my face
can't were under makeup
my concealer started to crease really bad while wearing makeup no matter what i did
even worked great under makeup.
didn't affect my makeup at all
still light enough to use in morning under makeup
i wear glasses in-between the times i wear contacts
it's so refreshing to wake up or wash off my makeup
will not make eye makeup run.
my eye makeup goes on much better
makeup applies wonderfully on top without slipping around
rich to use under makeup
also does not make your eye makeup smear or slide
sometimes it may take a few washes to remove heavy waterproof makeup
i wear make up everyday
no trace of makeup left
it also removes makeup
takes off all my makeup
it still seems to take off my makeup well
i don't use this to remove makeup
yet cleans away all my makeup
use the face wash along with the face cream
feels like it really removes dirt/makeup/oil in my tzone
does not remove all eye makeup though.
excellent at getting all the makeup remnants off as well
[ i still see makeup residue on the pad
it removes the makeup easily
yet it does seem to dissolve the face makeup
perhaps eye makeup too
it is great at getting makeup off too.
i love this face wash.
one of the best face washes i've bought in years.
this does an amazing job of removing dirt
i love this face wash.
it gets my eye makeup off
it also helps remove a make up and dirt.
this product is great since it removes all makeup
as for clearing the complexion
it does not do a very good job of removing eye makeup however
you really need to use a separate eye makeup remover
not great at removing all makeup
use it as a second cleanser or if i have no makeup on
love this face wash.
does not remove makeup!
one thing that made me take one star off is that it doesn't remove makeup
wouldn't have to double wash or use secondary products to remove makeup
however it does not remove makeup
so evenings when i have worn makeup i need to use a makeup removing cleaner first then cleans my face with the cleansing milk
i find it does remove makeup
though i've only used it as a makeup remover for removing a minimal face of makeup
not sure about makeup removing qualities as i don`t really use makeup
i hate using other face washes that strip my skin
this is not a cleanser that will remove makeup.
a second cleanse after removing makeup
it does not remove eye makeup so be sure to use an eye makeup remover before using this product
i needed a face wash that wouldn't undo all of that work
it doesn't clean makeup off well
removes make up well
so there's no makeup on my face
i will say however that i find it to not be great at removing makeup so what i do is remove my makeup as gently as possible
any irritation from removing my makeup is soothed
right after i remove my makeup when i get home
for those who say it doesn't remove your makeup
i took my makeup off
after i've cut through the makeup
this is one of the few cleansers that hits the perfect balance for my skin of not stripping it
does not remove a makeup
s to massage this on my wet face to loosen the makeup
though i would first use another cleanser to remove make-up with this one
this gets makeup off
it takes off the makeup and cleans skin.
just take my makeup off
it removes makeup well
i love this face face wash
it does not take all your makeup off
i don't wear makeup
it takes off the small amount of makeup i wear
isn't a great makeup remover
works great with the clarisonic face brush
i love this face wash!
applying this gel before my makeup gets the under-eye area smooth
ready for makeup application
i wear it at night so not sure how well it goes with makeup
i also use the day cream under my makeup.
i can use it under my every day makeup
one day while i was putting my makeup on i noticed my complexion was practically glowing
the mask takes a while to remove
my makeup goes on nicely
when i'm done using this mask
it's not at all stripping like some clay masks
it also takes off almost all my makeup
i noticed that now it says it removes makeup
i can walk around without makeup on
if you are wearing makeup you have to wash your face first with something simple
it's also the only cleanser i use that quickly removes blemishes from my back
i'll never use another face wash.
this is the best face wash ever
once at night after i have already used a stronger makeup removing cleanser
can wear over or under other serums or by itself.
i make sure my face is completely free of makeup
i can't comment on how well this removes makeup as i always remove first
this face wash is amazing
definitely recommend this face wash
i don't feel that it gets off all of my makeup
typically use a makeup wipe
i like to put it on as a mask
i could apply makeup with less difficulty.
i wash my face at night with the dermadoctor facial wash then i pat dry my face
after i wash my face
in the morning if you pick at your acne right before you apply your makeup
smooth enough to go under makeup6
goes on great under makeup
it goes on great underneath makeup
it doesn't layer well under makeup
makeup goes on easily
when i put makeup on
i really only wear makeup once a week
i always do a "pre-wash" to take off makeup
it's good to use right before applying makeup
my makeup goes on so smoothly
this is my go-to facial wash!
one recommended this face wash
it removes makeup too all in one go
this is the best face wash i've ever used.
cleans out the makeup
i love this face wash.
i love this face wash!
it's the next best thing to a facial brush.
it helps get rid of any dry skin i may have before putting on my makeup
love philosophy face wash
removes makeup extremely easy.
best used on skin that doesn't have makeup on it.
a little powder makeup in the morning
it will remove every trace of makeup
this face wash is the best.
applied it to my face
my makeup went on flawlessly
i also tried it as a makeup primer
my makeup went on really smoothly
t wears well under makeup
rely on my mineral makeup for spf coverage
i don't have to wear makeup when i'm using it
dont love wearing it under makeup
the perfect amount of moisture for under my makeup
makeup goes on well over it, too.
it goes perfectly under my makeup
my makeup is staying in place
this works great to give me hydration without making me oily or shiny under my makeup
i will say that i don't wear makeup though
each time i wear it my skin stays fresh
i put my makeup on at 6:30 am
the lotion works great especially during the day as it really controls shine
before i apply my makeup
it wears well under my makeup
my makeup would never stay on
whatnot to help makeup last longer for special occasions
i wouldnt wear this under makeup
with no makeup on
add makeup to this routine and it was even worse.
am using better makeup
get this face wash.
completely cleans off my makeup
i love this face wash.
i love this face wash!
cleans all my makeup off.
the foam formula is perfect for nighttime after using a makeup wipe
this is my favorite face wash.
this is the best face wash i've used ever.
my skin just didn't look good under makeup
i love this face wash.
i love this face wash!
it doesn't remove makeup so you will need to cleanse with something else first
i saw a few ppl mention it didn't remove there makeup i normally use a makeup remover first then use this cleanser
it's not good as a base for makeup however
it works well with makeup
it wears well under or over makeup
follow with my usual makeup
i apply this after i wash my face
apply it under your makeup
it wears well under makeup
can be worn under makeup
it's very seldom i even wear makeup
i no longer use heavy makeup
first i use cliniques take the day off cleansing balm to take off makeup
i don't have to use as much makeup to cover them
you should use makeup or face cream with spf
i stopped wearing makeup to let my skin breathe
when i take of my makeup
most of all the pre shave oil
even get rid of the bumps i used to get after shaving
on days that i wear makeup
i don't wear make-up
makeup remover provided in-store
makeup looks so much better
it literately changes your face
makeup free by spring, y'all!
it does reduce the appearance of lines as it gets to work on getting rid of freckles
i don’t put this around my eye area—i use ptr’s “un-wrinkle eye” for that
the formula stays on my face
i've used this face wash on
this face wash is great
it removes any make up on my face
including waterproof eye makeup
it won't remove heavy makeup
does a great job removing make-up
use on my face
applied it to my face
it gets rid of my blemishes within 2-3 days.
i also use it on my face to wash off makeup
i wear makeup everyday
thoroughly removes eye make up with one wash
it also removes make up pretty well.
i tested it by not removing my eye makeup first
it removed all of my eye makeup on the first wash
it is also great at taking off makeup!
not to mention how much makeup i wear every single day
this leaves your skin in top shape that you don't even want to wear makeup to cover it
it doesn't help with removing eye make up or getting rid of that mascara ring around your eyes
it removes all of my make up
does not remove stubborn eye makeup
i tried different kinds of face washes
i do use makeup remover first to make sure i'm getting my face completely clean
it does its job without stripping your skin.
it's clearing up all my current imperfections
removes my makeup really well without drying it out
i share this face wash
i would not apply in under makeup because it kind of has a tacky texture
as long i use it before i put on lotion/makeup
i still have to use urban decay's de-slick to make it through the day in my makeup
ive been wearing this under my makeup
i wear a fair about of makeup
i even put a thin coat on zits before i do my makeup
every morning under my makeup
makeup goes on smoothly over it as well.
not sticky so you can use it under makeup
for the first time in a while i feel like i have makeup optional skin the majority of the time
i do use the boscia clear-complexion line
before i put makeup on
i don't use it for taking off makeup
i don't think it's effective at removing makeup on its own
this isn't a problem for me since i use a separate makeup remover anyway
most days i just wear spf
if i do wear makeup i keep it pretty light
if i'm wearing makeup i'll use a washcloth to make sure i get everything off
i wear a full face of makeup every day
i take my makeup off with wipes first
otherwise it won't take the makeup off
gentle plus it removes very well the makeup
i clean me eyes from any shadow or mascara
then i wash my face with this
if you wear makeup during the day this will not take any of that off
the face wash is great
i don't think it removes makeup completely on it's own
although i have noticed that sometimes i need to use a makeup remover if i wore heavy makeup
on a light makeup or no makeup day this works great
not sure it removes all foundation
it removes most makeup easily
although i use a separate eye makeup remover
this one removes all of my makeup without drying or irritating my skin
has don a good job of keeping my dry
i used this one time to try to remove eye makeup
i wear light mineral make-up
makeup from your face
my only complaint with the cleanser is that it does not remove my makeup with a one time application
i do use a makeup remover first
this is a must to remove make up
but always after i have worn makeup.
effectively removes my makeup
it takes off all my makeup
in the evenings to remove makeup
i don't wear a lot of makeup
agree it might not be good to use to remove makeup as you rub it in
this product does a good job of removing makeup
along with the eye makeup remover of your choice
if you wear a significant amount of eye makeup
non-drying and does a great job removing makeup.
watch out for the makeup with spf
this is a wonderful product to remove makeup
only because i feel a different cleanser works better at removing makeup
i can wear a lot less face makeup now.
makeup routine so much easier
helps my makeup go on better
now my usual makeup hides a little redness pretty well
looks amazing under mineral makeup
i usually apply after washing my face
it wears well under makeup and lasts all day.
it's the perfect canvass to apply makeup on after
people always compliment my complexion the day after i use this mask
makeup goes on so smooth after using it
not wearing a full face of makeup
i also noticed it makes applying makeup much easier
my makeup has applied easier
it is easier to pull off a natural makeup look
basically they came when i didn't wash off my makeup properly
like i'm wearing makeup - but i'm not.
the improvement lasts even after i wash my face
i can actually walk outside without makeup now.
i apply it to my face
as an added side effect when added to my primer i find that my makeup actually stays on all day
it doesn't interfere with eye makeup.
i already use a sheshido face wash
i wear it as my day-time eye cream
on my face i use nude progenius oil which is also amazing
this does not allow my eye makeup to run or smudge either
wanted to find a cream that was good under makeup for the day
does great under makeup
gets less bright when you put on makeup
it would be ideal to wear alone or to put over makeup
she said you can easily wear it over makeup to give you more brightening
perfect for under makeup
my makeup stays on all day when i use it!!
feel such a huge difference in my skin i can put it under my makeup
especeally when i wear makeup over it
by far one of my favourite products in my makeup bag
love it under makeup
t's great to put on before makeup
does very well under makeup
goes very well under makeup as well
i cannot use this after washing my face before makeup
great for combo skin, under makeup.
can be worn under primer
definitely will change how your makeup will look ❤
this is a good foundation for everyday under makeup
it's so lightweight that i can even wear it under my makeup
i wear it everyday under my makeup
my makeup applies totally fine over this
i can even wear makeup again.
i even wore it under my makeup for my outdoor wedding in may
after washing my face before applying makeup in the morning
i rather just put this on as a mask before i sleep instead of using this with makeup
makes face makeup look amazingly
as if i put on primer
it wears great under makeup
which happens with 90% of all makeup
now i am even considering wearing just minimal makeup
not too heavy for daytime wear
goes great under makeup
provides a perfect semi matte base for makeup that seems to hold most of the day even without makeup
not include the finishing makeup i found my skin looked almost as perfect just with this face finishing moisturizer alone
it is light enough to wear under my foundation
it even feels comfortable under makeup.
this is one of the few creams i've ever tried that just erases fine lines
not caked with makeup
it goes on great under makeup
it takes makeup off no problem.
i also love how i don't have to use a makeup remover before using this product
had ran out of my makeup removers
not a trace of makeup after i clean with only water
it really does take off your makeup.
i promise it takes off all make up to include mascara
removes make up without leaving my face dry
it is still my go to for face wash-removes all makeup
i love this face wash.
takes off my makeup
does great with removing my eye make up
i take off eye makeup separately as this is the most sensitive part of my face
it's good cleancer, removes make up well.
then wash your face
my makeup applies on so much more smoothly as well
does a great job cleaning makeup, even mascara.
it really does remove makeup
it removes all makeup
it gets all makeup off
it actually takes all of my make up off without stripping my skin
it removes all of my makeup
didn't splurge on makeup
while it does not eliminate wrikles
removes all makeup and waterproof eye makeup.
takes off all makeup or spf
it removes all of my makeup
takes off all makeup
will remove a full face of make up
its the only face wash that actually gets rid of all makeup
it removes all make-up
since it removes make-up so well
it removes my makeup
removes all my makeup as well.
it washes away all of my make up
i love this face wash!
this facial wash was great from the get go.
it removes my make-up completely with one wash
i do feel that it removes more dirt than other washes
i even use it to remove eye makeup
it cleanses really well without stripping my face
it cleans off everything on my face without drying my face out
it really removes everything on my face
removes makeup even eye makeup perfectly
does no remove all of my eye makeup
this face wash is the best thing for my skin.
easily washes away makeup
i can wear it under makeup provided i give enough time to absorb
makeup went on smoothly
it does work on my under eye puffieness.
especially when i use makeup
it's gentle enough for a nice double wash on makeup days
makeup remover without over drying
i wash my face
i love this face wash!
it removes everything on my face even waterproof makeup
does a great job at removing dirt/oil
it takes off all of my daytime makeup
i really recommended this face wash
it removes all my make-up
does a good job with makeup
i love this face wash
'm not sure if it would remove makeup with wash
i love this face wash.
it washed away my makeup so quick
i do use a bit of cetaphil to remove makeup
it removes all of my makeup
does not fully remove my eye makeup.
i wear very little makeup currently
i love this face wash
takes off all my makeup.
no matter how hard i try to get all my makeup off before cleansing
it takes all of my makeup off
it does a good job of removing my makeup
the days i wear a bit more heavy/ full makeup i take it off with makeup wipes first then go in with cleanser
makeup goes on over it very easily.
this face wash is amazing.
it does a great job getting removing my makeup as well
when using this face wash
it smells amazing and removes all of my makeup.
makeup residue that my makeup remover missed
works well under makeup
makeup goes over it nicely
doesn't interfere with my makeup
goes well under makeup
wears well under makeup.
works so well with makeup on top.
allowing for quick makeup application
this would be great under makeup cause it leaves your skin smooth
doesn't leave a film on the skin
i tried to wear it under makeup
i don't wear makeup everyday
i like that this moisturizer does not effect the way my primer or makeup mattes my shine
which makes the makeup process a hassle
keeps my makeup in place
puffy from being out in the world or applying makeup
i wear it as my moisturizer before putting on my makeup
my makeup went on really well
makeup always glides on smoothly after i've allowed it to sink in
it does not interfere with my makeup at all
keeps my makeup light
it wears well under makeup!
my makeup stays put
prevents the shine from coming through under my makeup
my makeup stays put
it doesn't keep the oil from breaking through my makeup
when i wash it off my face is glowing
looks like i am wearing a primer
i removed my make up washed my face
glowing without any makeup on
for several months i have been using a shu uemura oil to remove makeup
makeup removers never seems to work
i saw the packaging stated "removes makeup" i gave it a try
this removed it all.
makeup off my skin
some days i go without any makeup because of the dewy
find it layers nicely under makeup
to wear under make up
if i use it during the day under makeup
i like it as a night cream or on days when i'm not wearing makeup
it works well for me under mineral makeup
as i want to stop wearing makeup
this mask does everything for my complexion!
it does work well to help with a more flawless makeup application
the best face mask i've ever used!
refreshes as well as helps makeup glide on the next day
when i ordered a too faced power of makeup palette in collab with nikkietutorials
my skin hates change so finding effective masks is a tricky process
i just make all the purchases for my household cuz my mother would never use any of the extra rouge perks like makeovers
still my favourite daily makeup remover.
they used this face mask
removes the ton of makeup i wear every day :
removes all my makeup yet leaves no residue behind
i can't attest to how it takes off makeup
it gets off the rest of my eye makeup
imagine it's great with a full face of makeup on
removes all of my makeup
was getting concerning with all of the tugging on my face with make up removing wipes
would go over it with a makeup removing wipe
it never fails to remove all my makeup.
eyes to remove make-up
gets all the old makeup off
this cleans well without stripping my skin or breaking me out
it removes all my makeup
that being said its not tough enough to remove eye makeup or heavy heavy foundation so be prepared to tackle that separately with a makeup remover
i like the way it removes even stubborn eye makeup yet leaves my face soft as well as clean
with the first wash
all my makeup is gone
it removes all types of make-up easily.
even removes eye makeup
it takes off all of my makeup with just one go round
it is the perfect face wash.
removes make up like magic
which removes all makeup
this is the only product i will use to wash my face
it really gets the skin clean/ even removes my mascara
it removes every last trace of makeup
doesn't mean to remove all makeup so should use it with toner afterward
i love this face wash.
it is a great cleanser for removing makeup every night
it removes all of the makeup without over-drying.
it definitely cleanses well even heavy makeup.
t does remove my eye makeup very well
it works well even to wash off my eye makeup
we kept changing our makeup
it does a great job of quickly removing makeup
although it's recommended that it's massaged in for best makeup removal
this is the absolute best product for cleaning off all your makeup
i cannot use any other makeup remover
it is a new way to remove your make up!
takes off eye makeup
it does a great job of removing make up
this is my favorite face wash
the foam really gets to work on removing my makeup
after i wash my face using it
i usually use a simple face wipe to get any makeup left on my face
remove minimum makeup and dirt from skin.
also removes makeup well without hurting your eyes
it removes your makeup with ease
gets rid of all that makeup
it washes makeup off
it takes off all my makeup
it takes off all my makeup
i still see makeup coming off in the water
it takes all your makeup off
perfectly gets rids of all the makeup
it completely removes my makeup
i always use this after a long day of wearing my makeup from work
looks as if i just had a professional facial
it is strong enough to remove your makeup
it removed my makeup so well.
probably only the fab face wash
i feel like it removes my stubborn eye makeup
it gets all my makeup
without over stripping it
cleans and removes all makeup very well too.
i only used this cleanser on days when i had worn make-up
on no makeup days
removing excess makeup is a plus
it's also really good at taking makeup off.
it only takes the tiniest bit to get all of my makeup off
also removes the days makeup as well as leaves my skin soft
this is my new favorite face wash!
effective at getting all makeup off
this removes makeup like a dream and i loved it.
not all cleansers cut through the film some makeup leaves behind even after washing
takes off makeup very well
it removes makeup well
remove make up very immeditely
it takes off my eye makeup completely
removes every trace of makeup
i love this face wash!
perfect for removing makeup
it still wipes away all of my make up
i wear a light foundation
this cleanser really takes off eye makeup.
this cleanser takes my waterproof makeup off without any effort
removes it all in one cleanse
you will feel the makeup 100% removed.
my skin has no residue or makeup left on
even waterproof eye makeup.
it does a good job at removing makeup
t removes makeup very well
it completely removes my makeup
it removes it all
it's good for any eyes or lip makeup.
although all of them removed makeup well
while surprisingly being very effective at removing face makeup
note: not as effective for eye makeup -- use the bi-facil eye makeup remover for that
the key on my eye makeup was to set the cotton face pad there for a good 20 seconds before trying to remove makeup
literally removed every speck of makeup
this removes all your makeup and mascara.
it removes some of your make up
remove my make up
the same one used in eye makeup remover
that said i have found it to be extremely effective in removing all traces of make up including mascara
gets all my makeup off
i needed something to remove makeup
i feel i have to soak up two round cotton pads to do a good makeup removal job
i think it could do a better job of removing my hypnôse drama mascara
especially my eye makeup
have tried a lot of different types of makeup remover
all traces of makeup completely gone
a regular cleanser does not remove makeup this thoroughly
it takes off face makeup fine
it's no good for eye makeup though.
removes every bit of makeup
no matter what makeup i wear...this removes it!
even if you haven't applied makeup
3 pumps for entire face including eye makeups
it does remove everything
it removes my makeup easily.
removing makeup at night
- in the morning or on a no makeup face
takes off makeup with ease
this is great when i'm lazy & not wearing makeup.
i also use it to remove light make-up
then i recommend the bi-facial lancôme make-up remover that's way better for this purpose
it's great for taking off eye makeup
also great for quickly wiping off your face in order to put on new makeup
i never liked wearing makeup
now with this i can love wearing makeup again
no rinsing afterward which really cuts down on my old makeup removing routine
not a great eye-makeup remover
lancome seriously makes some of the best makeup removers
i don't have to tug or pull at my skin to get my makeup off
removes any make up
works really well to take off residual makeup or any residue on your face
i love to use it to remove my makeup in order to redo it for a night out
use another eye cleansor for eye makeup removing.
this is great makeup remover.
this product is good to remove any left over makeup or mascara after you've cleansed your face
it works really well removing residual makeups that was missed from makeup remover
it still takes off most of my makeup
expect all the makeup
i've noticed that on some eye makeup
it doesn't remove it all
so that's when the lancome dual-liquid eye makeup remover has to be used
takes off every once of makeup
great to use after washing your face.
removes all traces of even the hardest to remove makeup- waterproof mascara
does not require rinsing after removing makeup- leaves skin feeling clean
this product does remove makeup beautifully
i wash my face
it does wonders to the rest of my makeup application
after i wash my face i apply the oil
i utilize it in the ends of my hair
it's great for a no makeup day or overnight
i apply to my face
i'll put it on the ends of my hair
on my hair to help prevent split ends
or apply it when my hair is messy to give it the perfect structure
when i take my makeup off at the end of the day my skin is smooth
when they aren't covered with makeup
as it is a little too heavy in my opinion to wear under makeup
i now use this a long with my daily makeup routine by applying 3 drops to my makeup *este lauder double wear* for an easy application
this is the best- i use it to set my makeup
i decided to try in on my hair
this oil made my hair look
my makeup goes on so well
i've used it under makeup once it dries in
i put a couple drops of this on my face before applying a matte foundation
hair such a great buy
can be used on hair
i applied this to my skin before my makeup
wear it before my foundation
once right before my makeup
my makeup applies very nicely over it
get rid of the blemishes at the same time
i put the serum on before my primer/makeup
makes an awesome canvas for applying makeup.
on days that i don't wear any makeup
my makes my makeup better
my makeup went on completely smooth
it's just great to use under you makeup
i've worn this under makeup since before i knew what a primer was
works well under my makeup
your makeup doesn't feel like it's sliding off your face with this moisturizer underneath
need to put your makeup on right away
i wear it under makeup
protects under my makeup
is excellent under makeup
i like that it contains spf for great all day wear
my makeup has spf
sometimes i don't wear makeup so this is a great product to use on those days
it's my first step in my makeup routine
it's also great to wear under makeup because it absorbs quickly
it also works well under makeup.
one can apply makeup within a minute of putting on even a hefty dose of this stuff
can be worn under makeup
provides a nice base under my makeup
goes great under my makeup as well
i wear it everyday
i wash my hands immediately after applying it.
i wear it under any makeup every day
leaves it clean enough to where i don't have leftover makeup on my face
it removes my 12-hour makeup well when used with a clarisonic
this face wash is great
removes makeup pretty well.
removes make-up easily
it takes off all my makeup
there's no need to use a separate eye makeup remover
also to take off my makeup
i take my makeup off with this
this cleanser does a great job taking off the makeup
never have use any other makeup remover
even takes my makeup off without being drying
it really gets the makeup
there are absolutely no traces of makeup or dirt left behind
plus my makeup blends well with it.
enables me to wear makeup smoothly
i just wash my face
helps eye makeup stay too
look better without makeup on
i can apply makeup right over it
my makeup doesn't move or wear off when i use a primer
my makeup stays on all day with little to no blotting involved
it helps my face still look like "skin" after i put on my makeup
my makeup stays on matte all day long.
works as a great mattifier primer under makeup
i put it as a makeup base
my face gets extremely oily when i wear makeup so now i apply this before my foundation
my makeup would dissolve off my face
i feel like my makeup performs perfectly
also helps with a flawless makeup application
with my makeup slicking off along with it
my makeup stays put too
it makes my makeup last all day!
love it makeup stays all day without sliding
i don't even use a primer with this when wearing makeup
alone when i'm going makeup-free
leaves a good barrier for makeup
i put full makeup on
i apply after washing my face
i love wearing this on its own or under makeup.
i always use it prior to applying makeup to oily clients
my makeup stays fresh longer
even after it wears off
i still use a mattifying primer before applying my makeup
it also soaks in well enough to keep my makeup from coming off
i usually cannot wear any moisturizer under my makeup during the day
helps my makeup stay matte
my makeup lasts longer
keeps my makeup lasting longer
it doesn't leave my face in a white cast
it also lasts forever since a tiny drop of it cleans your entire face
i love this face wash!
it could be better at removing mascara
that's when makeup remover comes into play to take a little off the top hahaha
takes all your makeup off
removing all remnants of make up
this cleanser takes off all my makeup without any break outs of redness
you need so little to remove a full face of makeup
it takes off makeup
removes everything in one wash
i want it to take off every speck of makeup
i don't have the patience for makeup remover pads or wipes
that also removed all dirt
makeup unlike other face washes
great for getting off stubborn makeup residue.
to get all my makeup off
it removes makeup and leaves no residue.
i still had to go in with makeup remover to clean my undereye area
removes my make up
it removes make up very well
great at getting rid of makeup as well
takes off all your makeup
the best for removing makeup
removes all my makeup
i do use an eye makeup remover when i have a heavy eye makeup on
this product is good enuf to remove all my daily makeup
it cleaned my face without striping my face of too much oil
it removes make-up
it removes my facial makeup completely.
removes my whole face worth of makeup immediately
makeup off my face
great as a makeup remover
even with lots of makeup on.
it removes everything it should
i generally do a separate step to remove heavy makeup
even with my heavy-duty makeup
got all my makeup off, and my face felt great.
i would wash and apply this.
works under makeup wonderfully
my makeup goes on flawlessly over top.
my makeup went over this cream so smoothly
functions great under makeup.
my makeup look's so good
am able to wear it during the day under my eye makeup with no problems
removes all wrinkles and takes away years.
then i can apply either my other eye treatments or makeup without waiting
i don’t think any product removes wrinkles completely
i don't wear makeup
i no longer have to use makeup to cover up!
i put it on before my makeup
it was not so bad that makeup
it takes a bit for your skin to adjust
i wear a hat too
makeup applies beautifully over the top
this product works really well before applying my makeup
it is also light enough to wear under makeup during the day if necessary
when i wakeup i have never seen my skin have such an natural glow without any makeup on
i find that it sits nicely under makeup
does very well under makeup no issues
my makeup applies over this very we'll
asked me what makeup am i using because my face looked flawless
after i put makeup on
it removes my make-up
looks great under makeup
it removes all my makeup in one application.
powerful enough to remove makeup in the shower
it does remove makeup with the exception of mascara
clean whilenot stripping my face
a tiny amount will remove all of your makeup
best face wash for me
it also gets 100% of my every-day makeup off
the part of the cap that dispenses the cleanser sits directly on the counter
this face wash is awesome!
it takes my makeup off so easily
the minute this wash comes in contact with my face i can see the makeup coming off in my h
taking off my makeup
even removes all of my makeup
completely removes all make-up
i just this as my everyday face wash
very effective at removing makeup.
washes off even my eye makeup with little irritation to my eyes
seems to remove makeup well
however i find i have to use an eye makeup remover in addition to this at times
this wash is the absolute best face wash i have ever used
this works great to remove makeup too.
i rarely even bother with eye makeup remover unless i'm using heavy theatrical makeup
i tried ks's other face washes without luck
even my eye makeup
cleans of makeup and does not overdry skin
it cuts through the makeup without being particularly sudsey
gets off regular makeup
takes off makeup with ease on face
i love this face wash.
it preps my beard for a close shave in the morning
i almost don't want to wear makeup!
i love this face wash.
even removes make-up including mascra
does a good job at taking off my makeup
washes were not working
i now go without wearing makeup
don't wash my face daily
the best face wash i've ever used.
functions as a great makeup remover
it does make your skin purge
then wash my face with this
ideal for removing makeup with too.
even most eye makeup
removes all the remaining makeup from my face
normally i'll use a makeup wipe to remove my makeup
then wash my face
i do use a make-up remover before using my clarisonic because i don't want my clarisonic brushes to change color
it helps get rid of makeup residue
this is my all time favorite face wash.
this stuff clears off my makeup
it cuts through all my makeup
takes makeup off with ease
perfectly primed for makeup application
my makeup stayed on longer
i put it on before i do my makeup
it doesn't make my makeup look weird
i need to eliminate the oil on my face
wears well under make up
wears under makeup beautifully!
i used it during the day under my makeup
i wear makeup daily
especially if you wear makeup or are in the sun a lot
it is great for clearing up any blemishes
it doesn't mess with my makeup texture either.
get to enjoy my makeup free skin
now i don't even have to wear makeup
i wash my face
super smooth as a makeup primer
looks great with my makeup
i liked wearing it underneath my makeup to help keep me clear
doesn't make makeup look greasy
i chose this product because it felt light enough to wear under makeup
nearly daily makeup wear
it's such a light product to put on your face.
my makeup goes on so nicely over it.
it makes makeup application difficult
not sure how it would hold up under makeup
makeup applies great over it
can be worn day
doesn't slide the makeup off of my face
love this face wash
removes my face makeup
which says to remove shine
it feels fresh like i have no makeup on
melts off face makeup though.
fantastic at removing makeup
i find that this cleanser removes everything without stripping the skin
it layers nicely under makeup as well if you use it both morning
absorbs in time to apply makeup
don't know about the wrinkle removing though
i can wear night or day under my makeup
i think it is too heavy for daytime under makeup
makeup goes on so much better.
i find it a bit heavy for day under makeup
it's light enough to wear under makeup yet feels really rich on the skin
it also works well under makeup.
let it soak in before my makeup
makes a great base for makeup
not to mention my makeup looks so much better on my skin
then i do my hair.
i can put on my makeup
does help with pre-makeup application
my makeup goes on evenly
i apply this immediately after washing my face
one pump under my makeup
my makeup looks amazing over it
it is one more step in the process of preparing your face for makeup
i give it 4 stars because it doesn't remove my eye makeup
does a great job of removing residue
apply a different product to remove eye make up
i wear light makeup everyday for work
eye makeup remover before using this
it will not remove every trace of makeup on your face
this face wash works great
i wear makeup so when it comes time to remove the days wear i either use an oil based makeup remover or wipes
it's great at removing my makeup
it took off all my makeup
this removes the makeup
of all the face washes i have
my favorite face wash ever!
i sometimes use this on days i don't wear makeup as my night time routine
it is the only cleanser on the market that clears my skin without stripping
i wear light foundation, eye makeup, lipstick.
it gets my makeup off without stripping my skin
it works so good that it actually takes the makeup stains out of my clarisonic face washer
first you should wipe your makeup off either with a makeup remover or a cleansing oil
it removed all of my makeup without making me feel dry or irritated
prepare to look forward to face-washing
after you wash your face
this product not only removes your makeup
one of the best facial wash i ever triedtakes away all makeup
this is a great face wash!
after my face wash
will stick with this amazing face wash
this cleansing oil takes everything off- even the most stubborn eye makeup
removes the toughest waterproof eye makeup easily
it lightly removes all make up without any tugging
i've never used a cleanser that actually removes all of my make-up
make-up removal wise
to take my makeup off
plus, it takes all of your makeup off!
s to activate the product then rub all over your face
took off my waterproof eye makeup
it takes off every drop of eye makeup
i don't weara lot of makeup
does an excellent job removing eye makeup
and it removes all eye and face makeup.
it made my makeup just melt off.
the clarisonic brush head does not get dis colored or show signs of makeup
removes all my makeup
which no stripping of my natural oil
removes your makeup like a dream.
was a little weary because i usually use make up remover wipes instead
removes all makeup gently
it even removes most of my water proof mascara
definitely all my makeup
i really liked this makeup remover.
i am not so sure about its makeup removal ability
it removes all of my make-up without scrubbing
the eye makeup then makes me look like a racoon
this cleansing oil will remove the most stubborn eye makeup with ease
it's gorgeous at makeup removal
it simply takes off all of your makeup
no makeup remover necessary!
lightly massage my face with it while removing make-up
very effective at removing makeup including waterproof mascara
it is so great at removing makeup
my only complaint is that my dual phase eye makeup remover works better than this to remove eye makeup
gets all your makeup off
no need to purchase separate eye makeup remover
it takes my makeup off like a dream
it does a swell job at removing even the toughest makeup
this is the first eye make up remover that removes all my mascara
very effective in removing makeup.
this cleanser removes all makeup
it is very effective when it comes to removing makeup
my only concern is using it on my eye area to remove eye makeup
it takes off all of my face makeup at the same time
save by not needing to use a separate eye make up remover/oil
it takes off my makeup without any problems.
i don't wear make-up daily
wash my face with a light-face wash
the oil does a good job of removing makeup with 1 to 1
it removes all makeup
even stubborn eye makeup
this removes all makeup very well
half a pump is usually enough for natural makeup wearers
can even be used to take off eye makeup without irritation
and it removes light eye make up as well.
only use it when in the morning or to remove makeup
especially my eye makeup
i like using two pumps of this cleansing oil to remove my makeup at the end of the day
if i'm not wearing as much makeup
compared to boscia it takes a bit more time to get all the eye makeup off
other than that, its a good makeup removing oil.
feel refresh after applying it to my face!
it is amazing for removing makeup
i hate using cotton balls to wipe makeup off
this cleanser takes off all of my makeup without a trace left
it get rids of your eye makeup
can watch the makeup literally melt off4
whether or not i have worn makeup
i still use a different eye makeup remover out of habit
removes even stubborn eye makeup
does not strip the skin
one small squirt is all i need to remove all my makeup
it worked so well to not only remove water proof makeup off my eyes
makes makeup application so much easier
i find it works very well for nighttime initial face wash for makeup removal
the makeup application goes on so perfect afterwards
it's perfect to prep my skin for makeup
makeup goes on well over this product as well.
my makeup goes on nicely over top of it
my makeup doesn't look oily with this underneath!
i do however use glycolic on my face before applying this
my makeup doesn't slip around over it
it doesn't change the color of my makeup either which is great
i also use clarisonic to clean my face before applying this
so my makeup goes on wonderfully
i didn't even have makeup on
i simply put it on after cleaning/toning my face
it looks like i collect all kind of masks
i put this mask on
might save on makeup now
doesn't involve any "scrubbing" away at your skin
i do facial style extractions on my face.
i recommend using at night after washing makeup off of face
who doesn't even notice when i change my hair color
it goes on as a mask
is great under makeup
i apply it immediately after washing my face
it wears well under makeup
the overall appearance of my skin is what people see rather than what little makeup i wear
i can now go without makeup
it is easy to apply and remove.
this really helps to control my oil before a day of wearing makeup
when i usually have a full face of makeup on
had to use less powder to eliminate any shine
love this for when i take off my makeup !
my makeup doesn't break down throughout the day
this mask makes my face
i mostly use this mask to clean
i've wash my face first
my makeup goes on beautifully over this cream
when i went to put on makeup
once before i apply my makeup
especially since i use heavy makeup every day
i wear a foundation primer
this did not work well under my daytime makeup.
not only did it remove the top layers of skin
almost ready to go out sans-makeup
more even under my makeup
just don't wear it on a date...
makeup is only as good as the foundation you put it on
makeup separated under it
if you wear makeup i recommend washing your face
move onto you're primer then the rest of your face makeup
it absorbs quickly and works well under makeup.
as for the erasing past damage to create a more even skintone
not greasy and an excellent base for makeup.
works beautifully under makeup
sometimes i put on makeup right after
goes on perfectly under makeup
my makeup goes on smooth over this eye cream
it works wonders when i wear make up on top
makeup goes on smoothly--need i say more?
makeup goes on fine and no new lines.
making it ideal for use in the daytime under makeup
works smoothly under makeup
it takes off all my makeup without having to use a makeup remover first
it takes off my minimal makeup
this is my favorite face wash.
removes my makeup well
my go-to face wash!
while it doesn't remove all my makeup on its own
i just remove the majority of my heavy makeup with a micellar water
it does an amazing job at taking off your makeup.
clear i wear makeup everyday
do not use it to remove your eye makeup
i do notice that some of my makeup is left
this face wash works well for me
amazing at removing a full face of makeup.
or any other light face makeup without my flaky skin showing through
it works perfectly the way its supposed to without any irritation or residue of makeup
i read so many reviews about the cleansing power behind this face wash
was white after using this face wash
it washes away the rest of my makeup
i takes of all of your makeup like a charm
i wear pretty heavy eye makeup everyday
this is the only cleanser that removes all of my makeup
makeup removers until i got a small tube of this for travel
it takes off all of my makeup very well
there's no need for any second cleansing for my eye makeup
it does everything you need it to: removes dirt
this works better than most makeup removers i have used let alone it is also a face wash
even the difficult eye makeup
this face wash is great.
wipes on my skin first to take my eye makeup off
it easily removes my makeup and has no scent.
it's completely effective at getting off makeup
it completely rids my face of all makeup without stripping or dying my face
it not only takes off my makeup
which even some makeup removers has trouble with
takes away all of my makeup very easily with a washcloth
much better than using make up wipes
i wouldn't recommend trying to remove eye makeup with it
keep my ptr only for the night after my makeup remover
it removes all of my makeup
i feel like my skin is clean without any residue from my makeup or the soap
this product works well to remove makeup
this face wash is the answer
it removes all of my makeup without irritation
s it scrubs everything off very well
yet it gets every ounce of makeup
i love this face wash.
this is a great cleanser that removes makeup
it removes my make up
i am taking one star off because while it does remove face makeup
it stings when i used it to remove eye makeup
i never even wear makeup anymore!
removes every particle of makeup on my face
removed makeup(and mascara) very easily.
i don't wear makeup most days
this helps me pull off the fresh-faced no makeup look
i don't need makeup
it is light enough to put on any time of day even over makeup
worked wonderfully underneath makeup as well
it works perfectly fine under my makeup
my makeup applied more evenly
loving makeup can be a problem
it made my makeup greasy as well.
i can easily wear it under makeup
even in photos where i'm not wearing any makeup
does not disturb makeup either
i put it on before my face makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
i wear less makeup now
when i do wear makeup
especially for when he shaves
how dry skin makes your makeup look horrible
it also absorbs fast so you can apply makeup afterwards
doesn't come through my makeup
if i'm not wearing makeup
i went to sephora for a makeup/face care makeover
this serum is the best way to prep the skin for a full face of makeup
every one i've ever tried produces the same effect until your skin adjusts
i don't need makeup
this is the best makeup remover i've used out of all the ones i've tried in the past
i also love the fact that it is the only makeup remover i have used that never stings my eyes
keeps my makeup on
this is my favorite way to remove makeup.
most effective way to remove face make-up
an eye makeup remover
took off all of my eye makeup.
this cleanser is perfect to take off all of your face makeup
i also like to use it on my eye makeup as well.
it removes all of my makeup
one pump and it takes off all my makeup!
it removes makeup effortlessly
get perfectly cleansed face without a trace of makeup
i usually have to use it twice to remove my eye makeup
takes off makeup quickly
it takes every stitch of makeup off your face without bothering your eyes
awesome in removing waterproof makeup!
it removes my waterproof makeup perfectly as well
this works great removing waterproof makeup
this is an essential part of my makeup/sunscreen removal especially in the evening
lancome's removes even the toughest makeup so much better than this
i read great reviews on how this can remove long wearing foundation
it does a great job of taking off my more stubborn makeup like mascara
this is my go to makeup remover to get all my products off at the end of the day
i mainly use this to remove the shiseido sunscreen i use on my face
most of the makeup removers will make me break out
every bit of makeup has come off
doesnt break me out although i have oily skin removes all my makeup
it removes all of my make up
my cleanser never seemed to get off all my makeup
i get all my makeup off
getting all of the makeup off
it removes all of my makeup
this is the most effective product i've tried for removing makeup
i will definitely be using cleansing oils as long as i wear makeup
i will use it at night to remove makeup
it dissolves all your makeup
it's so potent that i even use it to clean my makeup brushes
it removes all my makeup.
easily removes waterproof mascara without tugging at the lashes--works as a great all-over makeup remover
it also works to remove long wearing foundation
since i don't wear foundation
while it removes makeup from the skin
this cleansing oil i perfect to remove any heavy duty make up
gently can even be applied over makeup which is awesome
i still don't wear it under make up
i found that when i wear this under my makeup my face is less oily throughout the day
my makeup lasts so much longer
this product has saved my makeup
does not break me out and is great under makeup.
my makeup stays on all day long
it's a great base before applying makeup
i put this on under my makeup
it erased all oily shine from my face
i feel so much more comfortable showing off my own skin- makeup free
my makeup stays fresh
also takes away the shine
which is the perfect setting for applying my makeup
it does need some time to absorb prior to putting on makeup
makes my makeup go on without any dry skin
it's also great underneath makeup.
its very light and works well with my makeup.
makeup goes on smoothly
by the way, i do not wear makeup.
which wears off quickly
my makeup goes on so smoothly
i feel like i don't need to wear makeup when i put it on
i double cleanse to remove the rest
i usually use micellar water to take off my makeup
then i go in w/this oil cleanser to really remove all the makeup
i realized i was never taking off all of my makeup w/simple wipes or cleansing water- i need this oil
i am not a fan of makeup wipes
including waterproof eye makeup
it only takes a small amount to remove a face full of makeup
this is my go-to makeup remover
my makeup comes straight off
i wear a lot of makeup daily
i would always use 2-3 makeup wipes to remove my whole face
1 pump to remove my entire makeup!
the wipe comes off as clean
it really gets off all your makeup
although it is very good at removing makeup
i even use when i'm makeup free
i wasn't even in the market for a makeup remover until i got a small sample of this stuff in the store
it is a good makeup remover.
this is hands down the best makeup remover ever!
my makeup just slides off under the water
stay all day makeup
my new forever make up remover.
apply a little more makeup remover to get the remaining residual makeup off
it removes all of my make up
really breaks down the makeup
my face and eye makeup comes off very easily.
after i noticed my skin repeatedly getting irritated from the makeup wipes i was using
makeup wipes required a lot of tugging
i noticed it did remove all my face makeup
removes eye makeups with only a little drop
if i screw up on my eyeliner i also use a drop of it on a q-tip to remove the excess
will use 3 pumps if i have full glam cake face makeup on
this makeup remover oil literally takes off your makeup so good
it literally removes everything!
this will remove it
this is a great makeup remover
it cleans up all the makeup
i always use this when i get my makeup done or when i have a lot of makeup on because it does the best job at getting the makeup off
it melted away all of my makeup
wasn't drying or rough like makeup wipes
when it comes to eye makeup...forget about it.
you will need to use something else to remove makeup from the eye
this stuff does work at removing all of you rest of your makeup if you are diligent
i love how well this removes my makeup!
i start my skin care routine with this to remove all of my makeup
it broke through my long lasting eyeliner
absolutely fabulous makeup remover.
removes all makeup completely
i think it takes off a good 95% of my makeup
this gets every little bit of makeup off with ease
this oil is a really good makeup remover.
is use it on days where you are wearing heavy makeup
as named " makeup- breakup" it does it job
it soften my skin even after removing the makeup
could even remove light eye makeup .
i often wear "full cake" makeup.
this product always removes all of my makeup
was concerned about using an oil based makeup remover
this truly does remove all makeup from my face
i am the type of person who always forgets to take off their makeup before bed
it removes all my makeup
s-down the best eye makeup remover i have ever used
like with all the makeup removers i've used before
it was still removing makeup
this cleansing oil removes all traces of makeup on my face including my stubborn eyeliner plus my waterproof mascara
awesome for makeup removal!
the oil cleanser removes every bit of makeup
this is a fantastic makeup remover
that completely removes it
it removes all my makeup so efficiently
it removes absolutely all my makeup
this stuff works so well effortless makeup removal
it removes all traces of makeup
by far the best makeup remover i've ever used.
this product removes make up easily.
takes off all my makeup easily.
there is no sign of any makeup on the cotton pad
this product seriously removes all your makeup!
i wear a full face of makeup everyday
have been looking desperately for a makeup remover that is gentle on my face
when i have my full face on it removes everything
it removed the makeup very well
i don't know how effective it is with waterproof makeup though
because i always use a separate "waterproof eye makeup remover" whenever i have a waterproof makeup on
even with the double cleansing method i have needed to start removing some of my eye makeup prior to the oil cleansing step
this is great at taking off makeup.
worry about a lot of makeup removers causing my skin to breakout
it removes my daily makeup perfecting without leaving any oily residue
i hated that i always had to rub my eyes with cotten balls of waterproof makeup remover just to not have mascara running down my face
this makeup remover has been my go to product for a number of years
this is hands down my favorite makeup remover!
this awesome oil removes makeup
takes everything right off even dark eye makeup
why more people use wipes
it removes all types of make up
no need to wipe or scrub your face
it easily takes my makeup off
i wear a lot of makeup
which has no makeup residue left on it
am always skeptical in using makeup removing pads that rub vigorously
i decided to try this makeup remover solely because it was oil based
the efficiency it removes makeup
i recently purchased this after using it to remove makeup on my h
i mostly use it to remove my eye makeup
since i primarily use it for eye makeup i did notice that afterwards my eyeshadow wasn't lasting even with primer
still do a great job at removing makeup
you do have to follow up with a cleanser to remove the makeup
i used makeup wipes
you can technically just use this for makeup removal
the oils work well at not only breaking down even my toughest eye makeup
i love this as my make up removing first cleanse.
it lifts all my makeup off easily
scrubbing for even a day old makeup
this oil removes even waterproof eye makeup with ease
i love this for removing stubborn eye makeup.
this get rid of all the makeup that is left behind
this product takes off makeup effortlessly.
i wear heavy makeup
it helps me with all my makeup even if it's waterproof
this is my makeup remove routine
remove the rest of the makeup
- i use the makeup eraser towel to remove any makeup that can be in my face
it takes off my makeup so easily
removes everything including waterproof mascara.
it removes all me makeup even waterproof
washes everything right off without leaving any oil traces behind
it takes makeup off so quickly
i really like this oil it takes off makeup so well
here's what i like about this: it removes makeup like a champ
the product basically melted the makeup off of my face
it removes every little bit of makeup
it takes away all my makeup
it definitely removes every stitch of makeup on my face with ease
cool while removing all of my makeup
it takes off every bit of makeup
i will definitely be using this as my go-to makeup remover when i travel
removes all makeup with ease
easily removes all my makeup
i can wear a heaping mess of makeup
t doesn't feel like i took the top layers of my skin off along with my makeup like a lot of other makeup removers do
makeup from the rest of my face
if i wear makeup that day or night i use this
it even removes eye makeup with zero film
all the eye makeup we use
outstanding for removing makeup.
it takes off all the makeup
i feel like it efficiently removes the makeup really fast
it works really well at breaking down makeup right down to my mascara
makeup from my face
face wash to completely remove everything
it does an excellent job of getting all my face makeup off
hardly any leftover makeup is left on the pad
no matter what make-up remover i used in the past
removes all of the mascara
this is my favorite way to take off makeup!
i love no longer having to use makeup wipes or cotton rounds that tug at your skin
it gets all of the makeup off.
once for makeup removal
it melts all your makeup including eye makeup
this is definitely not a makeup removing cleanser
i would never use it to remove makeup
is really great at removing any excess makeup at the end of the day
using it in the morning has reduced the amount of oil on my face so my makeup even wears better throughout the day
love this face wash!
this is my favorite face wash that i have every used
i wore no makeup for this span
this removes makeup so well
love this face wash
i basically go make-up free except for lipstick.
also makes makeup application much easier.
i chose this face wash
it wont remove your makeup so make sure you go in with something to remove your makeup off first
a nice thin coat under makeup
using it under makeup required more power than i'd like to get rid of the shine
i still don't use it underneath makeup
i found it easy to apply makeup afterward
this looks like it is erasing it
it works well under makeup
preps my skin for makeup
i just started to buy only cruelty-free makeups
perfect for under day or nighttime makeup.
under makeup its fab
this product make them disappear by the time i put all my makeup on
this is part of my daily makeup routine
wears great under my makeup.
works well under makeup
makeup goes on perfectly right after i apply it.
when used before makeup this makes everything go on very smoothly
before when i felt my makeup melting off my face
wear it under my foundation
pairs up nicely with makeup
does not leave your face too greasy to put your makeup on
this visibly reduces it so that by the time i'm applying makeup
minimizes fine lines and perfect under makeup.
allowed to work for about 10 min before applying makeup
makeup applies so nicely over it
wears great under makeup
i put some on on top of my makeup
it didn't smudge my makeup at all
after i wash my face
i put makeup at 8am
use a little of the regular all about eyes before applying makeup
it does not mess up my makeup
it doesn't affect makeup application either.
i don't wear make up
can be worn under makeup with no problems
t's absolutely not easy to wear under makeup
i didn't have to touch up my makeup once
when i wear this
it works really well under makeup
uniform that i don't even need to wear foundation
need to wash my face
i feel like it could be worn under makeup really well
i don't get oily and my makeup lasts all day.
can apply my makeup on top in the morning
does not sit well under makeup
i leave it on to soak in a few minutes before applying makeup
my makeup goes on smoothly
it is great under makeup, no pilling at all!
it also works really well under makeup.
i wear under makeup or with no makeup.
because it doesn't seem to affect my makeup application or appearance
i put it on sparingly before my makeup
do not apply after makeup as it can appear to "peel"
there from wearing makeup everyday
i usually use it on day where i'm not wearing any makeup
just perfect to wear under make-up
the rest of my makeup
i wear this everyday this product is amazing under makeup
my makeup sit much more smoothly on my skin
despite using their makeup
it leaves a perfect base for foundation or no makeup at all
sometimes i go without makeup
is light enough to wear under make up in place of primer
after i wash my face
my makeup goes on so well.
i no longer wear foundation
t sits well under my makeup too
airbrush makeup on a cotton pad
didn't make my makeup slide all over the place
this does help my eye makeup stay on longer
you look beautiful today are you using different makeup
the smell goes away as soon as you put on makeup.
had to apply some over my makeup
can put my eye makeup on directly with no primer
it looks nice under makeup
i don't notice this issue under makeup.
i wear alone without makeup
this product is great under my makeup
wearing this spf under my makeup does make my skin a tiny bit more shinier throughout the day
"before switching out your entire makeup regime
if i wear just the lotion i receive multiple compliments on my complexion
it wears well under makeup
it works well enough under makeup depending on which foundation you use
am not sure how well it wears under makeup
i wear it without makeup for a fresh feel
it feels good under makeup
my long wear foundation
i do wear this under primer
makeup of all kinds goes on over it evenly.
but makeup goes on beautifully right on top.
i always let it soak in for a minute before applying makeup
i do not need to wear as much makeup as i used to
works great under makeup but also on its own.
i can wear this under makeup
the clear complexion face wash for good
can immediately put makeup on after i apply this
usually my fault for not taking off my makeup
i've tried to wash my face with this over my makeup
bottom line: remove your makeup before using this cleanser
i do first use some type of makeup remover
i feel as if it doesn't remove all of my makeup
it's clarifying without stripping.
as bad as sleeping in your makeup
the only issue i had was that it didn't do a great job of removing makeup
i remove makeup separately
removes all my makeup
even helps remove my eye makeup
if i didn't wear makeup
under my makeup you could still see blemishes.
i don't wear makeup some days because of the improvement in my skin
as for the cleansers ability to remove makeup-- i didn't read anywhere on the bottle that this product was a makeup remover
i think it is quite obvious that one should remove all of their makeup before washing their delicate skin
otherwise you're just smearing makeup
it's the only face wash that has cleared my skin
it removed my face makeup very well.
cons: won't remove all of your makeup
this is not a makeup remover by any means
once i started using my makeup removing wipes prior to using the ren
just be sure to get all your makeup off first.
literally no makeup can cover them.
it's good to use before makeup
light-can go under makeup
with or without makeup on
also allows me to wear makeup
i love it as a day cream under my makeup
is perfect to wear under makeup
wear it alone besides my eye cream
i love this cream i use airbrush makeup an it covers it beautifully
i wish it would remove more black heads.
as i applied this mask
when i remove the mask
it also makes my makeup apply easier
this mask makes the cut
wash my face first with it
ready for makeup this is a new staple in my mask collection
i apply it with a make up brush
must have in my skin mask collection!
it gets the job done for removing black heads
doesn't over hydrate so you can wear under makeup or as a night cream
this is amazing in the am before makeup
it performs great under makeup because it doesn't get greasy
absorbs quickly & makeup applies well afterward.
this super creme is light enough to wear under makeup
i recommend a makeup primer
that's just for makeup lasting power
i don't have any problem applying my mineral makeup shortly afterwards
wears well under my makeup
this is perfect alone or under makeup.
it doubles as a makeup primer
it goes on your face like silk
my makeup doesn't crease as much
after applying my favorite mask
prosno smellnon-greasydiminishes linesmakes skin smoothercan put under makeup
not great for "daytime" wear
my makeup goes on without that "creased look"
goes on fine under makeup.
decided to try it under my makeup
i can even go without makeup
it's a great makeup base as well.
i liked it as a primer for my makeup in the eye area
do not use it before makeup because it is a rich formula
not to be worn during the day or under makeup.
forgo any eye make-up except for mascara
face makeup without pilling
before makeup application if my skin still feels tight
it also looks great under makeup!
it works great under makeup
it wears well under my make up, too.
it doesn't effect my makeup during the day as long as i use the invisablur with it
my makeup goes on so nice after applying this.
it wears nicely under makeup
it's perfectly fine under makeup
i find my makeup going on more smoothly
it's also not heavy enough that i apply it under makeup
my makeup no longer hits dry patches
it wears well under my makeup
is that makeup goes on smoothly over it
ready for bed/makeup application
on the days i wear makeup i take off my makeup with a makeup remover wipe
removes all my makeup
actually removes all makeup
two at night to remove my makeup
i also use it to remove my eye make up as well
no this won't remove all your heavy make up
first to get the makeup off
i always remove eye make up first
heavier makeup you will want to use a makeup remover first
a few people have said that it doesn't remove makeup well
have most of the makeup line
i love this face wash
i wear a lot of makeup
this does not take off all of my eye makeup
i do wear shadow
i do follow up with a eye makeup remover
this does remover my regular makeup
the new l'oreal clean makeup for sensitive skin
removes all makeup without drying
its also a great primer for your makeup application
a little too heavy for day time use under makeup
even as my makeup base
it keeps my makeup on all day
the perfect prep under make up !!
worked well under my makeup
doesn't need to 'dry' for an extensive period of time before i apply my makeup
if you're investing in the bobbi brown makeup
it is a perfect primer for makeup
i wear it without any makeup
or make me look waaaayy greasy when i applied makeup
works well under makeup
my makeup goes on seamlessly
i wear it under makeup.
or i at least don't have to wear a primer over it
my makeup goes on great over this cream as well
that i can apply to my face before makeup application
i don't want to weigh my skin down with moisutuizer plus a primer
my combination skin would become far too shiny after i applied my makeup
making my makeup application
takes care of your eye area
makeup tends to slip off easily without taking care in the prep
i couldn't even apply makeup under
makes your under eye makeup look 100x better
love this eye team before any makeup
does not cause my mascara to smear onto my undereye area as the day goes on
my makeup stays nice
the makeup stays for long time
it takes all my makeup off
i love this face wash!
it removes all makeup
it gently removes makeup
removes all traces of makeup from face
it removes even waterproof makeup/mascara very quickly
makeup during the day
searched for a replacement as i don't like a cream before putting on my makeup as the creams are too thick
my skin feels prepped for makeup
my makeup goes on smooth
i wear it alone if i'm going without makeup.
because i like a primer with my makeup
it is light enough to wear under make up
don’t have to wait to apply my makeup overtop of it
my makeup goes overtop of this lotion very smoothly
i don’t leave my house without a sunscreen on my face so even on days when i don’t feel like wearing makeup
i initially bought this to use prior to applying makeup
i let it soak in then proceed with makeup or sunscreen if going bare-faced
my makeup applies beautifully over it
thats cleared up because of this product because it really helps to protect my skin from my makeup
my makeup breaks up
my makeup stays put
ever since i use thismy makeup looks so flawless
it's great under makeup or by itself!
this stuff kept my makeup matte
blends my makeup in well
works well under makeup
you can use this alone as a makeup primer
makeup stays on all day
also, this does great under makeup!
it's meant to be used before makeup application.
perfect for before putting on primer.
keeps me from getting oily under my makeup
of course works great with makeup
it helps my combination skin prepare for makeup like nothing else
refreshing base before applying full makeup
i think it's a great way to add some skincare between your makeup
makes my makeup last
when using this before you put on makeup
when you start putting makeup on to allow it to really absorb into your face
definitely give it 5 minutes or so to set after you apply makeup
my makeup application goes on smoother without having to manipulate it
changed the game of my makeup application.
totally changed my makeup game
my makeup stays flawless throughout the day
my makeup goes on so well
i will not wear makeup without my bobbi brown face base first
i apply this over my face cream
helping your makeup stay put
makes my makeup go on so smoothly
t help on to my makeup very well
the longer my makeup stays
makes my makeup last all day
it makes my makeup last all day
my makeup was still perfect like i just put it on
my makeup not only looks better
it leaves my face flawless for my makeup application
like i have no makeup on at all
my makeup lasts all day
continue using this under makeup only
i prefer to slather it on at night after a face mask
put it on the ends of my hair
extra face oil works on my sensitive face
works fine under my daily light makeup
after removing makeup, my skin still feels silky.
the bobbi brown protective face lotion under my makeup in the morning
apply it to my face
my makeup goes on smoothly
after apply all of my makeup
applying the cream over makeup
day with no problems under makeup
you do have to let it sink in before applying makeup
eye cream also performs as a primer.
her eye cream doesn't compare to this one
i dont use it at night, just under the makeup.
upon washing her face off
apply product with the tip of a flat makeup brush
before the makeup dries i put this on my face as fast as possible
let dry then put the rest of my makeup on
first i wash my face
then i proceed to us my temptu airbrush makeup
its does what it says it temporarily erases wrinkles that is why i give it a 5 star
every day a new wrinkle, another gray hair.
giving it the extra time before blotting off white residue or applying makeup made a huge difference in maintaining the skin smoothness
makeup won't cover the white buildup.
i prep my face as usual
a must have for the makeup case!!
the white residue comes off when i put my face lotion on
as far as face makeup goes
i don't wear primer
the way my makeup applied
it works beautifully under makeup
it wore nicely under makeup.
i rarely wear foundation
goes great under makeup.
it absorbs quickly and works well under makeup.
this a great moisturizer to put on before makeup or use as before bed
my makeup sits well on top of it
perfect for putting other makeup on top of it
i think it works well under makeup
it does have to fully dry prior to putting on makeup
don't have to wait a long time to apply my makeup over it
it also works as a primer for makeup
i wear spf 30 every day
it is stupid under makeup or over it .
i wear it under a face poweder foundation
put it on top of my already makeup
absorbs quickly and works well under makeup.
i could literally make designs on my face.
don't forget to wait the full 15 minutes for it to absorb before applying makeup over it
works well alone or under makeup
it was also beyond amazing for removing stubborn mascara from my under eyes
no issue with makeup application afterwards
makeup not long after i apply this
it doesn't interfere with how my makeup looks.
i loved how my makeup wore on top of it.
is nice under makeup
its great under makeup as well.
doesn't react with my makeup with those annoying patches
it "softened" an annoying wrinkle which no makeup could disguise
great for using under makeup
i wore it all day under makeup
i used it to prime my makeup.
when i don't wear makeup
when i wear make up over the cream
also use it as a base underneath my primer when i apply makeup
perfect for wearing under makeup
don't get shine breaking through my makeup
for me it is a must have to put on before i put on my makeup
is great to use under makeup
when i've taken my makeup for the day
great under makeup as well.
it sinks in really quickly which makes it great to wear under makeup
going under my primer
i put it on before my makeup
once i applied my other makeup it was gone
if you wear lots of makeup
removes makeup easily if you use it correctly
no cream can take all your wrinkles away
i don't wear a lot of makeup
especially when i wore makeup
my facialist asked if i had any procedure done to remove lines around my eyes
works well under makeup
it has not eliminated every wrinkle
lets face it ladies
my makeup went on smoothly over it
make it impossible for me to wear makeup under my eyes
wears beautifully under makeup
i put it on every day under makeup because i love the way my concealer looks when i use it
removes the appearance of wrinkles
i like that my makeup is no longer running under my eyes
you could wear this under makeup.
it's great under my makeup
this is perfect for removing makeup
it gets off all traces of makeup
thoroughly melt off all my makeup
it removes all makeup
can quickly rub off the makeup
will never go back to regular face washes
this takes off all of my makeup
no more eye makeup remover
plus there is absolutely no makeup left behind.
it's perfect under makeup.
combined with the face polish
at 43 my face is wrinkle free
it works well under makeup
i love to wear long-wearing makeup
you can still wear eye makeup
let it absorb for 1-5 min before i apply my makeup
sits well under makeup
being like wow i like your eye makeup
it works well under makeup and concealers too!
absorbs nicely so that makeup applies normally
this face wash is great at getting all my makeup off without having to wash twice
sets on my skin
could use this without the need of reapplying extra cream over it
have worn it under makeup
it kept my makeup looking nice
i found it a little heavy to wear under my makeup
could wear it under my makeup with no problem
also started to believe that a real good moisturizer could/should eliminate the need for a facial scrub
the size of my pores seems the same without makeup
gives an airbrush result
i even find that before makeup application this tends to fill in small wrinkles for a more airbursh look
when i apply my makeup
i hate wearing face makeup
it works very well as a primer underneath makeup
also, used under makeup it works beautifully.
it works well under makeup
once i used the face mask
i barely ever wear makeup now
i buy it to use under my primer before applying makeup
my makeup stays on better
even when i don't have makeup on
it's great for daily use under makeup
the only downside is that when putting makeup over it
i've gotten used to having more makeup stick to my h
works well under makeup
the serum is light and goes well under makeup!
i enjoy the face wash
with people thinking its my makeup
apply this first to clean face
give it time to soak in before putting on your makeup
my makeup even looks better
is a great skin prep for makeup
do not sleep in your makeup
like putting a souffle' on your face
it is perfect to wear under makeup
is perfect under makeup
i am constantly using thick stage makeup
i've had to use clinique ddml before applying makeup as the algenist product causes too much drag for my makeup to apply smoothly
i can use this in the morning no problem under my makeup
my makeup actually looks more natural
last of all eye makeup looks good too.
it did not leave a white cast
however once i finished my face makeup
it wears well under make-up
makeup goes on over it smoothly
makeup goes over it well.
flawless my makeup is now
in the am before makeup
been using this eye cream at night only because it's too greasy to use during the day under makeup
perfect to wear under makeup & at night.
i even use it as a primer for eye shadow every day before makeup
or every day even when i'm not wearing makeup
my eye makeup always smudges with that
primer so makeup doesn't cake in my lines
it also works great under makeup
it doesn't cause makeup to separate under eyes
dab it over my makeup too later in the day
t works great under makeup
it helps my makeup go on nice
t works great under makeup
it works really well with my eye makeup
a nice eye balm for under day makeup
doesn't wear makeup with should work much better
before you use it dampen the under eye area with a micellar makeup remover wipe
i wear foundation on top of it
i found the key is to use a makeup brush as suggested
this is how it works for me: remove all traces of cream
i wear it without makeup
f the residue shows up you can wipe it off without ruining the rest of your makeup
f you try to put makeup on before the product the product leaves a white residue
a makeup artist made up my eyes because they were featuring an emeraldeye shadow
then do my hair
she instructed to use my usual face treatments prior then apply
i believe it's a necessity in every makeup bag
made my makeup glide on
i've never seen my face or makeup look this amazing
i'd always have makeup set into my pores which looked like little buckets of makeup on my face
put it right over your current makeup
i refuse to put on makeup without putting this on under my foundation
the makeup kind of settles
plus i just hate the feeling of wearing makeup
helps my makeup look fresh all day
to apply, don't just wipe it over your skin.
for me, this works best once i have my makeup on.
this works pretty well at smoothing out pores under makeup
it is great under makeup
it removes all of my makeup without leaving behind a residue
i don't wear foundation
it is easily removed with makeup remover
i almost feel wrong putting makeup on
i put it on under my primer.
it doesn't disturb makeup
more for special occasions when i wear more makeup
i put it on after i've done my makeup
works very well alone or under makeup
put it over makeup
i saw in good housekeeping that this was the best pore minimizer
my other makeup just glides right on
i wore it on day without makeup and felt covered.
it does make for a flawless finish when i use it under my makeup
it works well under makeup
can also be worn without makeup
it also removes shine from the skin without having to use a heavy foundation
i generally use makeup wipes to take my eye makeup off anyways because i don't love running oil on my eyes
then eye makeup all over my face
not to mention it's so easy to remove my full face makeup
really massage it to break up all that makeup
then i wash my face and all the makeup is gone!!
even mascara is cleaned up for the most part which i find amazing
no more using wipes on wipes to remove my makeup
this cleans your makeup off so easily
for a makeup remover i found it a bit tough for eyeliner
great at removing eye make up
i prefer to use this in the morning on a makeup free face versus at night to wash off the makeup as it's not that great for that
it takes off all of my makeup every time.
it takes off all makeup with no need for eye makeup remover or additional scrubbing or toner
this product does not take off all eye makeup.
you will have traces of makeup left
this isnt a huge deal for me as i don't wear heavy makeup
apply it to my face
i still use makeup remover wipes before using this product
even my long wear foundation
it does it without stripping my skin
side note i do not use it to remove my eye makeup
it removes all make up flawlessly.
takes off all makeup without stripping the natural oils on the skin
it takes off makeup so easily
this product is great for removing makeup.
i started using this cleanser at the end of each day to remove my makeup
it takes off any makeup i wear during the day
it removes all of my face makeup
takes off my makeup ever so gently
it gets all of my eye makeup off like it's no issue
i've never used a facial cleanser that takes makeup off so well
i still use it on my makeup days
this stuff takes off every drop of makeup
it removes all of my makeup
this stuff just melts your makeup off.
it works really well for eye makeup
it doesn't remove heavy eye make-up well
if you wear a good amount of makeup this doesn't do a great job of fully removing it
i absolutely love this for removing my makeup at the end of the day
it works really well taking off all of my eye makeup including the they're real mascara by benefit
it does a great job at cleaning my face
clarisonic when i'm wearing heavy makeup
my skin is perfect with no makeup on
it does an awesome job removing the dirt
i do not wear makeup besides eye
cannot attest to how well it performs at removing makeup
i think if i were wearing heavy makeup
since i don't wear face makeup
removes my makeup so thoroughly
great for removing makeup
not only did it remove makeup wonderfully
not the case this is an amazing product my skin glows it removes all the make up off my face yes
takes away all makeup while leaving skin soft
it totally removed all my makeup
i figured i'd clean my eye makeup off with it.
it's also surprisingly great at removing makeup
though i do use a makeup wipe first
awesome for taking off makeup.
i love it for removing makeup
this face wash is perfect
blackest stage makeup that i normally need a chisel to remove
just like that all that makeup is gone
removes all of my makeup including my waterproof mascara
it is meant to be used to remove your makeup.
works really well under primer and makeup layers.
it takes some time to dry first before putting on makeup
works well will my makeup
perfect before makeup usage.
i wear it daily mixed with my foundation.
preps skin for anything
looks good under makeup and has spf.
it wears well under makeup
it wears off quickly
it goes well under my makeup
goes perfectly under my makeup every day
goes wonderfully under makeup
i’ve gotten compliments on how lovely my skin looked on days when i don’t wear makeup
on days when i do wear makeup
i've worn it on humid days under makeup
the makeup representative used this on my face when she was doing my makeup
my skin never looked right under the makeup
doesn't disturb my makeup
t doesn't suck up all the makeup i'm wearing
it lasts all day under makeup
i don't even wear makeup
makes a great canvas for my makeup
very soothing after you take your makeup off
especially if you wear glasses.
i remove my makeup
it makes such a great base for the rest of my makeup
my makeup looks better throughout the day
is light enough to wear under makeup
it also creates a great base for applying makeup
it's great both under makeup in the morning
also, doesn't affect eye makeup.
using this the next day before my makeup also meant that i used a considerably less amount of under eye concealer
find that the cream absorbs very quickly making it ideal to wear under makeup
makes me want to take off my makeup
no makeup under my eyes ever
makeup goes on smoothly over it
as a makeup artist i constantly try out products.
even with no makeup it looks great
i am comfortable in minimal to makeup free skin
it has been perfectly fine under makeup
works well under makeup with the cytocell
non greasy it does not shift or smear my eye makeup
my under eye makeup would slide off
great texture, wears well under makeup.
good to use under makeup.
wear well under my makeup
sit down to do my makeup
when i go to apply my makeup in the morning my under eyes are nice
doesn't interfere with makeup
it's light enough to use under makeup
t's perfect to layer under makeup
makeup goes over it no problem
it makes a good eye makeup base
creates a very thin base for my makeup
i put it under my makeup.
does not make my makeup run under my eyes
works well under makeup
is great to wear underneath other products
i couldn't wear eye makeup without paying for it big time afterwards with dry
it gives applying makeup a great canvas
great for removing every last bit of makeup.
i leave it on my face for a few minutes while i wash my hair
this is a great face wash.
doesn't interfere with the application of makeup
when i apply it goes on matte
not only is all of my makeup removed
i do like the way the polish works
easily be removed by a wash clothes
cleaning off the makeup
use it as a mask
i rarely wear makeup so good skin is a must for me
when you're cleaning a mirror
doesn't interfere with the application of makeup
when i apply it goes on matte
is great under makeup
make-up i wear for work
makeup goes on smoothly
if i wear primer
i don't have any problems wearing it under makeup
my makeup stays on over it
ncludes the use of ole's "ultimate lift" eye gel at night
it's amazing under makeup
it goes pretty well under eye makeup with little to no creasing
make sure to let it sink in thoroughly before putting on eye makeup
my makeup goes on very nice on top of it rather than magnifying my lines
absorbs in the same time i let my facial moisturizer sit before i apply makeup
makeup goes on easily over it
throw on some primer
it is a lighter cleanser yet it takes off makeup with ease
this product is also amazing for removing makeup
it removes all of my makeup once i wash it off
i don't even have to use a wipe for extra mascara
after i wash my face with this
remove makeup without irritating my pansy skin that will not st
i've always had trouble removing my mascara with just wipes
this almost totally removes it
it takes off your makeup without drying you out.
it really does a perfect job at removing all my makeup
in wear a ton of makeup everyday to work
i wash once to remove the makeup
no traces of leftover makeup
i think i'm going to be able to stop spending so much time on makeup removal before cleansing
i will never use any other facial wash again
some other products for sensitive skin i've used either strip my skin or leave makeup behind
how it does an amazing job removing makeup
cleans off makeup well
the product does take off makeup
this cleanser takes off all makeup.
i just love my skin alone and even under makeup.
it is gentle yet takes off all of my makeup.
i don't have mascara running all down my face
night after using a make-up removing wipe
it removes all of your make-up
doesn't remove all of my make-up
removes all of my makeup
it gently removes all my makeup
takes off my makeup without stripping my face
gets off all the makeup
it also removes my makeup without leaving any type of residue
help take off makeup gently
it removes most of my makeup except for more stubborn waterproof eye makeup
you will need a separate eye makeup remover
makeup goes on really smoothly over top too.
hasn't been a problem when i apply makeup 10 minutes or so after using the eye cream
works great under makeup
is good for under my eye makeup
it lasted all day and under makeup too.
makeup goes on very well over this.
during the day under makeup
i also wear this under my concealor
it absorbs quickly so makeup application is no problem
so my eyeliner doesnt run when i wear it on top of it
makeup was impossible to put on since my skin was flaking off
this is an amazing primer underneath makeup.
this means you can use it in the daytime before makeup
this has made it look better under makeup
allowed for smooth makeup application
it is not ideal to wear under makeup as it felt a bit greasy
is good for under my makeup
now my makeup stays on better
which i cover with makeup
i've now stopped wearing makeup on a daily basis because this has completely corrected my coloring
crazy skin into uniform
for day under makeup
if i wear makeup
in 2 weeks i was wearing less makeup
the only beauty primping i did that day was taking a shower
removes all my makeup.
i wouldn't use it as a makeup remover though
it removes everything on my face under my ud setting spray
just too much work to do for a good makeup removal
this says it is a makeup remover
i would say it is good for removing foundation- not eye makeup
really easy to use and will take off eye makeup.
i always remove my eye makeup
it also effectively removes makeup
it easily took off my makeup without irritation
it took all of it off no matter how much eyelash glue
took my difficult to remove mascara off with no issue
this truly removed all my makeup
making sure to get all areas where i applied makeup
removed all traces of makeup too!
great for removing heavy makeup
after removing your makeup with a damp
best trick for a flawless makeup base: before doing your makeup
only takes a small amount to remove every drop of makeup
can see my makeup just melting off
so cannot vouch for ability to remove full face of makeup
i also rubbed it over my eyes - makeup and all!
it took off all my makeup!
it washes off all of my makeup with ease
my favorite is a q-tip under the eye to remove all my black eyeliner
the expense is minimal when only used for eye makeup
removing my makeup can be very irritating
it removes every trace of makeup
it is way too expensive to use to take off makeup
took off all my makeup with ease
it removes makeup extremely well.
if i'm wearing a lot of makeup or a sunscreen i'll use my lancome bifacil first
takes off all makeup including waterproof mascara
you do not need to add water to while massaging this in to remove makeup
the idea of a makeup remover
as i don't enjoy scrubbing makeup off my face
can't find a cleanser out there that removes it all without stripping the skin
it removes all make up, i mean all makeup.
this cleanser does an amazing job at removing makeup
it removed all of my makeup with absolutely no effort or scrubbing
removes all traces of makeup.
took off my makeup
did a great job of removing makeup too.
it took off all my makeup.
does a thorough job in cleaning without stripping
very deeply dissolves every scrap of my makeup
my go-to face wash!
it does a great job at removing makeup
it removes makeup like a charm.
it removes makeup very well
it removes face makeup really well
if you're wearing heavy eye makeup
this is my new forever face wash!!!!!!!!!!!!
i chose this for my morning cleanser when i don't have any makeup to remove
cleanser at night to take off all makeup
i don't need a separate make up remover.
takes all your makeup off too!
removes my eye makeup
both of which never removed everything with one cleaning
removes face makeup fairly well
i don't use this to remove eye makeup as i have sensitive eyes
assure you it removes make up
it whips away all the leftover makeup my cleansing oil didn't pick up as well as leaving my skin soft
it is surprisingly good at removing makeup
could remove all eye makeup without worrying about sensitivity
it even removes all traces of my makeup
it takes my makeup off pretty well
it removes eye makeup
best used when you wash your face after wearing make up all day
it works well to take off that extra stubborn makeup that is left on your face after using a wet wipe to remove the makeup 1st
as i said before i only use this product to cleanse my face at the end of the day when i wear makeup
first cleanser that i have ever tried that takes off all my makeup with only one cleaning
love this product because it removes all my makeup
strong enough to take off all of my makeup
it gets all my makeup off unlike a lot if other cleansers i've tried
it removes all traces of makeup
it gets alll your makeup off
usually have to remove with makeup remover
that way the cleanser has a chance to break down the makeup
this is gentle but still gets all my makeup off.
cleans well, removes makeup but is non drying.
removed my makeup (nothing crazy) just fine.
it takes off any type of make up including eye makeup
just wish it would take off the eye makeup as well
it completely removes makeup
even that stubborn eye makeup
will probably buy again as it's great for removing makeup
i rotate facial washes depending on weather changes
it even removes eye make-up which is a huge plus
removes makeup really well
i find at night it doesn't take off my mufe eyeliner
now i don't wear heavy eyeliner- i'm in 40's.
seriously it's an all in once cleanser because of course it also removes all your makeup
removes make up easily
i think before the makeup wasn't coming off
i love this face wash.
makeup applies beautifully on top of it.
perfect for under makeup cause it's light
i also use this under makeup
presents my makeup really nicely these days
i like how it doesn't interfere with eye shadow or mascara
it is just fine to layer under makeup.
want the makeup to stay in place
helps my makeup go on so smoothly.
i don't nead as much makeup
the combo guarantees perfect skin for makeup or no makeup
i wear this or ptr camu brightenin mask along with others i will trhow in to use up
have to wipe/wash it off
after i wash my face
and your makeup goes on so good.
after i wash my face
makeup cannot cover it
i feel comfortable going out without makeup on
i can put on my makeup right away without waiting for it to dry
one cotton ball takes off a full face of makeup.
of time for your skin to adjust
you need to put a light powder over your face to get rid of the shine
it's perfect under any makeup
this is definitely my go to makeup remover when i have eyelash extensions
super easy to use at the end of the day to remove all traces of makeup
use it to remove my eye makeup.
it gently removes makeup
this will remove all makeup
it removed my mascara without leaving an oily finish like most eye makeup removers nor stinging my eyes
face makeup before i wash my face
this easily removes eye makeup
it's very good at removing makeup
it's a great makeup remover without being oily.
of course how it removes the eye makeup easily
it removes all makeup
dirt off of your face without stripping it
when i use it to remove my eye makeup
not only does it removes makeup
depends on the amount of makeup
after i use a makeup wipe
take off my makeup effortlessly
this is one of my favorite makeup removing liquids
it took off most of my stage makeup
i don't use this to remove my face makeup
mostly just for makeup
the cleaning power is ok to remove my light foundation
this product takes my makeup off so quick
when wearing a full face
90% of my makeup is removed after this.
i usually remove my makeup when i get home
this stuff takes off the heaviest makeup.
this gets all of your makeup
it doesn't take a lot to remove my makeup.
i'll just grab a few round cotton pads to remove my makeup
when i'm in full on makeup
for basic daily office "look like i'm not wearing anything" makeup i will usually require 2 cotton pads
i do end up using eye makeup remover for my mascara because i hate pulling on the skin around the eye
remove all my black eye makeup before fully washing my face
it gets all makeup off
i started using this product daily to remove the makeup
it removes all of my make up
this is my go to eye makeup remover.
gently takes off all of my eye makeup without irritating my eyes
as the first part of my two-step cleansing to remove makeup
it doesn't always totally dissolve my eye makeup
removes makeup really well without irritating my skin
strong on removing makeup
go for a cheap on that will take off all your face makeup
never has a makeup remover gotten rid of all of my makeup
this remover does a fantastic job of getting rid of all of my makeup
this removes all of my eye makeup
it takes off eye makeup so much easier
take off makeup easily
this product was my first experience using micellar water for makeup removal
eye makeup on a daily basis
eye makeup with ease
it's not oily like other eye makeup removers
does not leave that oily- makeup remover feeling
takes off excess makeup and the price is great!
it removes makeup easily
to remove all my eye makeup
it takes off all my makeup
i wear dark layered eye makeup
easily take my makeup off
takes off all of my makeup
this product removes makeup very well
it seems to find makeup that my face wash
makeup remover has missed
when i have my lazy nights i usually use face wipes to wipe off my makeup
it gets most makeup off
so you could use your makeup eraser or a micro cloth to save on that aspect
i wear a lot of makeup
this cleansing water removes every bit of my makeup
its just the best make up remover around- no residue
like it's super power to get rid of the makeup
if you're using this as makeup remover than of course you have to wash your face afterwards
removes my makeup perfectly.
this removed my makeup very well with the exception of water proof eye stuff
i don't recommend it for eye makeup
this will get allllll your face makeup off
this stuff really takes all my makeup off!
i also use it before i wash off my makeup as well
i previously only used makeup wipes to remove my makeup after work
makeup are gone using a cotton pad
good for removing makeup
it really gets all your makeup off
it removes makeup better than my old remover
removes every trace of makeup!
its fantastic for removing makeup
t almost gives a natural highlight for a no makeup makeup look
it also sat pretty well under my eye makeup.
works as a really nice primer before i put on my makeup
did not alter my eye makeup or concealer
since i don't wear makeup on my face/skin
this eye cream would be ideal for no-makeup days.
if you don't put makeup on then that part of your face is clearly shiny
lays nicely under makeup
i wear it everyday with or without makeup
i even noticed my makeup applying smoother.
is also great for no makeup days
i don't have any problem wearing it under makeup.
plays well under makeup
it wears well under makeup
it works well under my makeup
is very light feeling which i like for the daytime under my makeup
it also goes on smoothly under makeup which usually under eye creams are too thick
after all the makeup was on
it helps with my makeup application
usually when i go out without makeup i still have to cover under my eyes
i can put my makeup on right after i use it!
sits under my makeup really well
be careful not to put right before makeup application because it doesn't let makeup stick to under eyes
this product is an all around face wash
best face wash ever!
this is the only face wash i'll ever use.
it's great at removing makeup too.
this is a great face wash
it's one of the best face washes i've ever tried
this face wash really does its job.
my favorite face wash
this face wash did a good job washing off my makeup
this face wash is simply the best.
this face wash is my favorite!
it is the only face wash that keeps my skin clear
it even removes my eye makeup.
it removes all my makeup
nothing cleans my face as well as this.
it is also very effective at removing makeup
the best face wash
it's enough to remove my makeup
removes all my makeup and doesn't break me out.
my makeup comes off cause my skin produces so much oil
this is my new favorite face wash!!
i will always use this face wash!
great for removing my makeup at the end of the day
this is my favorite face wash ever.
love this face wash
i love this face wash
love this face wash!
this face wash made it all better
i love this face wash!
cover your entire face
this is amazing it takes my makeup off
love this face wash!
it cleans off makeup so well
i always take the make up off before i use the cleanser
also removes all makeup at once.
takes off all my makeup and smells so good!
i love this face wash!
it really removes my makeup
i love this face wash
this is my favorite face wash.
best face wash ever!
i reapplied it after cleaning my face that morning
doesn't really go well under foundation/makeup
it removes any scars within days.
it even sits well under makeup.
in my makeup drawer
this is the only spot remover that does the job
very lightweight under your makeup
then apply your makeup or not
my makeup looks great and no more dry skin!
i found it is too oily for me to wear under my makeup during the day
it lets the under-eye cream through to work just fine on my skin
goes on great under makeup.
you need to let it absorb into your skin before putting on your makeup
i only ever wear mascara for makeup
it breaks down my makeup
it works great at removing my makeup
this is absolutely the best face wash
it removes all my make-up and oil.
this is my all time favourite face wash.
i find that this cleans really well without stripping the skin
clean without stripping my skin
it does a great job of removing makeup
it absolutely removes all of my makeup
this gets all my makeup off
tough eye makeup included
mpressed with this face wash
however i would recommend using an eye makeup remover before h
removes my makeup completely
takes off makeup completely
it does not remove long wear makeup
so be sure to remove heavy duty cosmetic products first with a wipe or oil
i love it and removes my makeup
yet it removes all my makeup
i remove my makeup with a makeup removing towelette before i wash my face with this
works at removing makeup
yet it removes makeup
best face wash ever
at the same time removes every bit of my makeup
this face wash works for both my husb
this stuff takes off makeup effortlessly
it really gets the makeup off and i do wear alot!
this removes all of my makeup including my waterproof eyeliner
it gets off all my makeup
removes makeup easily (not waterproof mascara).
it takes my makeup off
don't use it to remove heavy eye makeup
rather to cleanse after most if not all makeup has been removed
overall a great face wash
skin feels clean and makeup is removed.
not my favourite mask to use.
not as much under makeup
let the cream absorb for at least 5 minutes before applying any makeup over it
it wears nicely under makeup
my makeup remover hadn't changed
no new makeup was used
it sits nicely under makeup
a real step up in my makeup routine
i can use this under makeup with no problem.
can put makeup on right over it
it goes on well under makeup
also wears nice under makeup
when i notice dry patches on my skin after i put on makeup
i started putting on eye makeup more often
i change eye creams every time the one i'm using runs out
not greasy enough to interfere with makeup
don't have to wait long for makeup
works well under eye makeup
have to wash my face twice to remove it all
when i'm removing my make up
takes off all traces of makeup including eye make up
my makeup stays on longer
this has become my favorite face wash.
i find it takes off all my makeup
although i take off my eye makeup with a gentle eye makeup remover first
not dry i use the makeup removal wipes first then this
it does remove the makeup
cleans the way this one does
it cleans of all of my makeup
i prefer the balancing face wash during the winter for my combination skin
this face wash helped me use less makeup
with the use of this wash
shine on my face
don't use this as a makeup remover
it will burn your eyes as i said lol i used a makeup remover face wash
i always wear bb cream on my face so using this really cleans my face
it does a great job removing my makeup at the end of the day
no makeup keeps it calm through the day
i love it for removing my makeup
takes off makeup very well
does a good job with removing makeup.
i apply this mask
my makeup definitely adheres better
face masks i have ever used
then you put on your makeup
i love to use this mask before applying my makeup for the day for an extra boost of hydration
during season transition the mask also helps me to get rid of flanky skin on the nose
this is the most amazing wash off face task ever.
one of the best wash-off face mask i tired.
i apply it on my face
my makeup actually stays on better
my makeup even looks better once i've used this.
i love this to use it before i put on my makeups.
it is not a regular face mask
serves as a great moisturizer that i leave on under my makeup
works great under makeup.
then begin my normal makeup routine
i barely need to wash my face on a daily basis unless i wear makeup
makeup sits great on top
one of the beauty experts at sephora put this on my face during my makeover
this takes the shine away
i don't wear makeup to work because i work so early
i apply this on first before applying my makeup
i don't even wear makeup because it makes it worse
under makeup my oil levels are still consistent with before i begin using this lotion
it wears beautifully under makeup
it works great under my makeup
i can wear it under my makeup
hates to wear anything on his face
my makeup tends to last much longer
like putting vicks vapo-rub on your face
i put the mask on
especially if i have worn heavy makeup that has caused me to break out
i wash my face with the checks
except on your face.
like all the masks i use
this mask keeps everything under control
very difficult to conceal with makeup
easy to remove as well
it's done wonders under my makeup
i put this on before i put on my makeup
it looks fine under my makeup aswell.
before i put on my makeup
applied this on my face
doesn't leave any black cast
i would not suggest to wearing makeup over it
works great for me alone or even under makeup.
my makeup lasts so much longer
i love using this under my makeup.
i absolutely loved using it under makeup on hot
i love that it works well under by makeup
i can use it under makeup or at night
makeup applied is huge
makeup blends easily over it
works well under makeup
make a mess of your makeup
even after not wearing makeup for a day or after just cleansing
have to wear make up daily to cover up
it removes any residual make-up
works great under makeup
my makeup does great over it
wether wearing any makeup or not
my skin is just so uniform
i wear it in the mornings before applying makeup.
now i don't even have to wear makeup
very healthy without makeup
my skin is just so uniform
i couldn't put on face makeup without looking totally caked
because it makes a great base for makeup
my makeup goes on flawlessly atop it
does wear well under makeup
it's the perfect base for my makeup routine
i'd wait a bit to apply makeup so the lotion can fully absorb
i don't think it's too heavy for daytime wear underneath makeup
and great for makeup application.
makeup sits well on it
you can even apply it over your makeup
too sticky for makeup application.
under makeup in the winter
don't wear it under makeup
it also helps my makeup stay put
before i can put on makeup
actually isn't too heavy to use under makeup
creates the most smooth canvas for applying makeup
makeup went on easier
when putting on eyeshadow i would get discouraged over the changes in my skin
your eye makeup stays on better than ever
it works well under makeup.
it is making a beautiful difference in my makeup routine
it's a light formulation that works well under makeup
other eye makeup go on much easier
i am not sure about the "priming effect" for makeup
i wore tons of eyeliner all throughout high school
helps with perfect makeup application
it works very nicely under my makeup.
i like to use this product during the daytime under my makeup
makeup goes on beautifully after this serum
especially good for daytime summer use under makeup
this feels good going on under or over makeup.
my makeup lasts pretty well all day
i used it under my makeup
it saves time because it removes makeup
removes even the toughest mascara without any scrubbing
makeup from under my skin
takes makeup off extremely well
great face wash for everyday use
takes off makeup with minimal effort
s or on your face
helps me create a better base for my makeup
gets every little bit of makeup off.
to use after showering to remove any leftover makeup from my face
i also use it after i use the boscia cleansing oil to remove my makeup
this wash must sweeps all that away
does a great job removing makeup
even my makeup looks better
it took off my makeup
washes off my makeup even the waterproof stuff.
it even removes all my make-up.
wanted to grab the boscia makeup remover
it removes makeup like a champ
even most of the waterproof makeup
no makeup remover needed for most of my products
i first take my makeup off with a oil based formula
s-down the best facial wash that i have ever used
since i started using this i wear absolutely no makeup on my skin
this face wash is amazing!
this is the only face wash i'll use.
i've tried a lot of different face washes
only takes a small amount to removed all your makeup
makeup remover that wouldn't dry out my skin
the boscia black cleanser is the only one that has managed to keep her complexion clear
it does a great job of removing makeup
i apply to my face
its not greasy or heavy- i put on my minerals makeup right after applying this cream
goes great under makeup
works well under makeup foundation
usually works well under makeup
doesn't interfere with makeup
makeup goes well above it
it has worked almost like a primer because i can't believe how smoothly my eyeliner goes on
in the morning under makeup without added oiliness
also wears well under makeup.
didn't have any makeup on
the algenist side lifted enough for me to be able to use eyeliner
keep my clothes on
i like my skin to be dewy when i'm not wearing makeup so this will be good for days i don't wear makeup
it takes makeup easier than any wipe i've ever used
it's great for under my makeup
what i did do was stopped wearing makeup
the makeup artist introduced this stuff to me
by the time i'm ready to start putting makeup on
makeup goes on just fine overtop
when wearing under makeup you have to wait until it's complete absorbed in the skin
my skin stays matte well into the evening when i wear this
it's great underneath my makeup.
i applied this under my makeup today
my makeup applies more smoothly and evenly.
if i have any flaky spots on my face before applying my makeup
takes off makeup beautifully
it's great for removing makeup
it removes makeup super easily
it takes off all makeup
removed my makeup nicely without leaving a film on my face
i really like this cleansing balmit takes off all my makeup leaving my skin soft
it works great for removing makeup
i dont have to buy two different products to remove makeup one to wash face
makeup off of my face
wipe off the product
does a great job getting makeup off
comes with a free cloth to help remove make up
it was okay at removing my makeup
this helps remove all your makeup with one swipe
5 times if i'm trying to remove waterproof makeup
this is amazing for removing every last bit of makeup
this works great without stripping my skin.
removes you eye makeup, even waterproof.
it removes all traces of even the most stubborn makeup without stripping or irritating delicate skin
it takes off all makeup
it removes make up
makeup is just melting off your face
removes all traces of makeup
the rose balm easily removes makeup.
instead of using a face cloth for removal
cleanser takes off all makeup, even eye makeup.
it clears out all makeups very well
it takes every bit of makeup off
i should also add that this balm will get absolutely every stick of makeup off your face
then finally bought this as a 'pre-cleanser' to remove makeup before cleansing
to me the only con was that it says it can remove eye makeup
did an overall good job at removing my makeup
remove any excess makeup
if you wear very heavy makeup
it also gets rid of all makeup.
it also removes any left over makeup
this has all of the makeup removing power of the clinique version
it doesn't get rid of all the mascara
i could have a full face of makeup on
removes all the makeup as well
when i go in with a cleansing oil to remove any other dirt or makeup
even my eye makeup.
i am trying to get away from using oils to removed makeup
the product works very well to remove makeup
i hardly wear a lot of makeup
this stuff melted the makeup right off my face
it removes my makeup better than any other cleanser
dissolving any makeup or residue from the day
while this dissolves all eye makeup completely
for when i do wear a full face of makeup or my skin is too dry for regular cleanser
i do use an eye make up remover for the eyes to do some pre cleaning
it removes all of my makeup including eye makeup.
it takes off my makeup completely
it really does wash away a full face of makeup
it removes all kinds of make up
it removes my makeup well
eye makeup remover separately for my eyes
i love my make up forever sens eyes to remove the eye makeup
this balm removes all kinds of make up
it is one of the best face washes i have used.
since using this face wash
i really loved this it even takes off my waterproof makeup just fine
appears to remove makeup well
the only downfall is it doesn't completely remove all of my mascara
i felt it did a good job removing my makeup.
as i use it to remove my eye makeup too
this cleans really well while hydrating plus removes that last bit of makeup off my eyes that's left behind by makeup remover
including my eye makeup
i know some makeup removing cleansers leave that sort of p
it melt away all the makeup
i don't use this to take off my eye makeup though
it removes my makeup
which it inevitably does during eye makeup removal
it took off all my makeup including mascara.
if there is any residue i sweep a little makeup remover under my eyes
peeled every time i used a makeup brush on it
i wear less makeup.
my makeup went on flawlessly
after removing my makeup
rather to my professionally applied makeup
use it just prior to makeup application
sometimes even on top of my makeup
i usually don't wear an actual moisturizer under my make-up
i don't need to wear makeup on my days off anymore
i would hesitate to use it during the day under makeup due to a possiblilty of breakouts
it has made my makeup go on better
i also like that the creme doesn't make my skin fee heavy on the days i wear makeup
i wouldn't recommend wearing this underneath makeup
i apply makeup straight in top
really great alome or under makeup.
can be worn under makeup
since i'm cutting back on makeup
even applied my makeup over it
takes less than a minute to be ready for makeup
if i am wearing makeup
none of them kept my makeup on
my makeup looked fabulous all day
my makeup does not settle into the lines on my face
keeps my makeup fresh all day
i wear it under my make up everyday
i love the way it makes my makeup feel "set"
so your makeup stays on longer
spf under my makeup
the serum doesn't react with my makeup
to keep it from interfering with my makeup
i love this face wash!!!!
this is 1 of the best face washes i've ever used!
was on the search for a facial wash to go with it
completely removes all traces of makeup
one thing to note though is this is not meant to remove eye makeup
it does take a while to remove scars
this product doesn't pull at your under eyes
sephora employee said if i apply on top of makeup to only dab- not smear
i like that makeup goes on smoothly over it
it work great under makeup too!
after a few days like magic my puffiness went away wow does it make applying makeup look
i can put it on under or on top of my makeup
bonus, makeup applies amazingly on it.
because my makeup just glides on smoothly after using this
the face wash from the same line
due to some lazyness with removing makeup
i've tried so many different mud masks including glam glo clearing
the mask applies so smoothly
their deep cleansing mask is no exception
i wouldn't use this as a make up remover though.
i don't use waterproof makeup
not to remove make up
it is just too weak to remove your makeup
i've gone into the shower with a full face of makeup
i can apply my makeup directly over it
in fact i always apply 2-3 layers under makeup so my makeup looks nice
under makeup it works fabulously.
if i wanted to wear this without makeup i'd look like i went swimming in salad dressing
however under makeup that is not the case.
you can't put on makeup or primer right after you use this though
makeup right after it
i don't wear makeup daily
works very well under makeup
my skin also looks amazing under my makeup.
i apply four drops to my face between cleansing
i also use this oil on my face in the mornings on these days that i don't have to wear makeup because i have combo skin
amazing before makeup as well if you love a glow!
i did experience mild purging on my face
makeup actually lasts even without priming
i do wear it under primer as well
my makeup still lasts through the day
spring is always the perfect time to update your skin care wardrobe
that it couldnt be covered with makeup
i don't wear makeup nearly as often anymore.
it works good to prep my skin for a heavy day of makeup
this product made my "no makeup days" a reality.
it covers my face
i get tons of compliments on my makeup
using less when i do apply makeup for work
just glowly never oily especially when i wear makeup it's a bomb "primer"
makeup slides no matter what i use
you wash your face
your makeup looks better the next day
i actually enjoy wearing makeup now since my face is almost as smooth as a canvas now
i must take good care of my skin because of all the makeup i would have to wear to all functions
plus it made my makeup look flawless
it removes every bit of makeup that my micellar water doesn't get
it does a great job cleaning off makeup
i wear a lot of crazy makeup
it also breaks down my makeup
end up stripping my skin
you can feel it's doing a good job of removing excess dirt/oil/ makeup
i do remove my makeup with a makeup remover before using this cleanser
takes off all your makeup- including waterproof mascara
it cleans them well with every use
after i wash my face
not a complete makeup remover
i suggest removing your makeup first
it won't really remove makeup much
after applying makeup my skin still looked healthy
i did have to take one star off because you do need to use a good makeup remover before using it
especially for eye makeup
i been able to use minimal makeup
it didn't get all my makeup off
my skin is flawless after using washing my face.
now with this my makeup lasts longer than my other cleansers
love this face wash
makes my makeup look amazing
also removes my eye makeup
not to take makeup off
helps prepare skin for makeup
only need 2 drops to cover my entire face
to cover my entire face
my makeup tends to fall into these wrinkles during the day
my makeup doesn't settle
only on the targeted wrinkle spots otherwise makeup won't blend well
apply over makeup with fine tipped brush
applying over makeup instead of under allows for better blending
let it completely dry before applying makeup
i never put on my makeup without it underneath.
they're still there when i take my makeup off
needed something in the form of a primer to fill in the wrinkle before applying powder makeup
before putting on any makeup
sits well under makeup
goes on slightly matte which is great under makeup
whether or not i'm applying makeup
spot treat under makeup in am
my routine is to wash my face with boots face wash pat my face dry
it makes it easier to cover with makeup though
makes them peel which doesnt work with makeup very well
i also wouldn't ever use this in the morning under my makeup
during the day when i don't use face makeup
philosophy has truly given me "makeup optional" skin
doesn't conflict with makeup
love it under my makeup
when i wash my makeup off at night my skin still feels so soft
made my makeup look fresh
it's beautiful under makeup!
i can go out with no makeup
now my makeup looks airbrushed on.
i wouldn't wear this under makeup because it is pretty heavy
leaves a good base for makeup
my makeup went on great.
not oily feeling under makeup.
it makes a great base for makeup
i never wear foundation
i wear it in the morning under makeup
was introduced to this one while getting my makeup done one day
my makeup applies better after using this
ended up with skin that become extremely oily under makeup
put this mask on
caused by wearing lots of eye makeup
likes to wear it before i toss it
i put the mask on
with a tendency to breakout after wearing a lot of makeup
i usually wear this at night after i'm done wearing makeup
apply it all over my face
obviously this plus the glamglow super clearing mask
its great in removing the blemishes without overdrying the skin
non-drying, great under makeup.
both products work well under makeup.
works well under makeup or alone.
layers very well under makeup
love to wear this under makeup!!
great to wear under makeup
goes fine under makeup
this is perfect for putting on before my makeup because it doesn't make me look oily
i apply it on my clean skin in the morning before i put on my makeup
especially when i put makeup on
using this after washing my face in the morning created a matte
not before applying makeup
i don't wear make up to work
it does a good job keeping it matte during my nursing shift
no matter what i do my face is always an oil slick an hour after i put on my makeup
this hydrator is everything you need to wear under your primer or/
makeup especially if you want a flawless skin
that i can use it over makeup
i apply under my makeup
is great under makeup.
makes your face look great even without makeup.
goes on so smooth and holds your makeup.
i put it on before my makeup
but that happens with 90% of all face cosmetics.
this has really changed my makeup routine.
i can wash my face
i still use my favorite primer on the rest of my face
makes makeup application easier, too.
night as it works well under makeup
it made a big difference on how my makeup applies
with or without makeup
it's thin enough to wear under makeup without altering it
i stopped wearing makeup for a while
i can also use this in the morning without it affecting the application of my makeup
that my makeup lasts longer
this oil can be applied on face, body and hair !
i actually use this to take off my makeup as well
sometimes my face when i skip makeup
great for your hair as well
it can be used for face hair
entire body except face
it's easy to carry in your makeup bag
will not stain clothes
i even find it works well under makeup.
while still allowing my hair to move
i put it on before doing my makeup
used it on my hair, body and face.
it does sit on your skin so when wearing silk type clothes i would not recommend using if you get dressed in an hour of using
especially after i shave
to be able to use it on your hair
it's amazing as it says for face hair
i also use the oil on my nails when i'm taking a break from polish
on my hair when i go a day without washing it
i do apply some to my hair
i noticed that when i put my makeup on after using this mask it looks absolutely flawless
i'll keep it on while i wash my hair
i will follow up with slathering on some of the first aid beauty rescue cream on my face
so my makeup looked horrific everyday
it works best as a wipe off mask
when i wash my hair days
after the mask, i put on my ultra repair cream.
i applied it as a mask
it does not leave a film on my face when removed
really eliminates shine throughout the day
i first used it without any makeup
it's wonderful under makeup
works great under makeup
helps my makeup stay in place
my makeup looks better over it
where makeup tends to slide off my face
it works great under makeup
i wear it mostly during the day when i am not wearing makeup to keep my face shine free
a primer for a really matte base before i apply my makeup
goes well under makeup
leaves a perfect surface for applying makeup.
my makeup looks amazing on my skin now!
it's a little too heavy to wear under makeup
didn't like wearing makeup to cover them
it does not interfere with makeup application.
makeup goes on over it without issue.
before putting on the rest of your makeup
apply it all over my face
doesn't affect the wear of my makeup
i take off my makeup
makes my makeup application so much easier since it all just glides on
also haven't found it to be the best underneath makeup
use this product under my makeup in the morning
great at removing all makeup even water proof mascara
my main concern is makeup removal anyway
even before putting on makeup
someone told me to wear this under makeup
only apply it after a mask or a scrub
under makeup it works well for me
it does make your face shine
even before applying any makeup my skin looks amazing
i can go without makeup
my makeup lasts longer
when i do wear makeup i notice that i apply less
it helps minimize any blemish i have on my face
use it as a makeup primer on days i wear makeup
my makeup stays in place
over night mask or as a primer for my foundation
when i use this product under my makeup my face isn't oily
my makeup looks great when i get home
keep makeup in place than any primer i've tried
the second was a bit as a primer under makeup.
amazing on skin as a primer before make up
every morning under my makeup
an even thinner layer as a primer before doing my makeup
put a thin layer over my tzone before makeup to keep my skin shine free
i even have started using it under my makeup
spot treat throughout the day under my makeup
under my daily makeup as a mattifying primer
weird about it using it under makeup
as a primer on blemishes under makeup
makeup looks better on.
i also use sheer amount as a makeup primer
the mask is great to actually use as a mask
i wanted something which i could wear underneath my makeup to help fight acne during the day
or you can use a thin layer under your makeup to act as a primer
read in other reviews its great as a base coat with makeup
the mask i wear underneath my makeup as a primer
helped prevent my makeup from being oil
can be used as a mattifying base under makeup
keep using the mask
a light coverage under makeup
letting my skin re adjust
it covers my whole face
makeup at this moment
the way my makeup looks
other clothes that you only wear now
with no makeup over it
makeup-this is an intense
my makeup is flawless
this is a must after i wash my face everyday
i love makeup as much as the next person
i wear it all day
it wears well under my make up
it sits nicely under makeup
eliminates the need for an under eye concealer.
whenever i wash my face i reapply
i wear it under my makeup
gently pat it on top of my makeup
t's great to wear under makeup
is great under makeup
it perfect under makeup
works well under makeup
t's easy to use under a makeup primer
with or without makeup
this entire line keeps me away from the dermatologist
it covers my whole face
you can apply makeup soon after
then i brush on my makeup.
makeup goes on smoothly
does not make my makeup slip or separate undrneath
this is a great moisturizer for those that want a fresh face without the makeup
can put my makeup on right away
it is by far one of the few products i can wear without makeup because it mattifies my skin
after taking the mask off i like to use the glamglow hydration mask
this mask is amazing for clearing up the skin
i love a full face of makeup.
the only mask that i used
it was easy to remove
am only applying makeup to go out
my makeup went on so smoothly
it works well under makeup so that's a plus too.
let it dry before i proceed with my makeup
it performed great under makeup too.
i apply this to my face
i find that when i skip using this cream prior to my makeup application
it did reduce or remove the fine lines
wash the day's makeup off
before applying my makeup
i don't wear makeup
whenever i wash my face
it does make makeup application much nicer
it did reduce or remove the fine lines
goes well under makeup
it hasn't changed how my makeup looks or lasts
is perfect to wear under makeup
on a no-makeup day
in the am i just use this under my primer for makeup
it covers the whole face
like how well it removed my mascara
when it comes to face wash
yet it takes off all of my makeup without stripping my skin
i totally thought it was a simple makeup remover
so am not a newbie to using oil instead of face wash to remove makeup
does a fabulous job removing all traces of makeup
it is great at erasing all makeup
it takes off all my makeup
also will remove all of your makeup
this product is one of the best makeup removers you can buy
the makeup is gone
this doesn't completely remove it or my regular mascara
i typically have to start with a makeup remover wipe then wash with this
usually to remove my makeup
it takes makeup off easily
it does a great job getting off even waterproof makeup
mascara which takes a lot of work to take off at the end of the day
i love putting on makeup as much as the next girl
sk ii cleansing oil is just the perfect thing to take out all the makeup
i recommend taking you time with washing your face
this product is amazing at removing makeup
i don't need to use makeup wipes to wipe off makeup b4 using this
i guess i'm saving money by not having to buy makeup wipes anymore?
the treatment oil is able to get every trace of makeup
not only did it do an excellent job removing all traces of my makeup
it really does a great job removing eye make-up including mascara
with no trace of that hard to remove mascara
removing my stubborn make up
i didn’t have to rub my skin hard at all to effectively remove all traces of makeup
it removed my makeup easily without leaving the black circles under my eyes from the liner
my skin feels softer since starting to remove my makeup with it
stubborn eye makeup or lipstick
gets rid of every last bit of my waterproof eye makeup
it takes off my stubborn eye makeup
i prefer shu uemura cleansing oil as it is slightly better at removing eye makeup
is very effective in removing makeup
really gets rid of stubborn makeup
be sure to take out your contacts before removing your makeup
i've tried oils that were the perfect consistency yet wouldn't remove my eye makeup
it really works off all of my makeup
if you are still searching for an oil based cleanser that will remove all of your makeup i can highly recommend this one
this lightweight oil does wonders to completely remove makeup
removes all traces of makeup
effectively remove all traces of my makeup
although it does remove makeup
i feel really refreshed after i use this to take my makeup off
it is wonderful for removing makeup
if you use waterproof eye makeup you may want to use an eye makeup remover to be thorough
it covers my entire face
it's easy to use under makeup.
it works wonderfully under my full face of makeup
days that i do not wear makeup
even after i wash my face
luckily my makeup foundation does contain it
makeup during the day
i even stopped using my makeup primer before applying my foundation because it wasn't necessary anymore
apply it at night after i remove my makeup
making sure it is absorbed before makeup application
i love applying my makeup after this serum since its so light
which i've only used face masks
i am considering layering it under my makeup to continue the effects during the day
you can't just slap in on under your makeup
your makeup will seize up on your face
my makeup doesn't sit as well
i don't even want to wear makeup over my skin
it does eliminate the bags under my eyes
makeup applied over it works great
applied this mask to my entire face
as i did my makeup
not the entire face
glamglow is literally the only face mask i use.
i applied the mask with a foundation brush which definitely helped with applying it to my face
but this mask works.
this mask really works to pull all the dirt
as that is how clay masks work
one of the best face mask for sure!!!
best face mask i've used.
there's nothing like having a day full of makeup
using this under my makeup lately
wears great under makeup.
rub it on using my makeup brush
great look under makeup
i am not a makeup/beauty product person.
saves my skin, and i can wear it under my makeup!
and it wears well under makeup!
when i apply makeup it tends to separate on my face even with a primer
this product before i apply anything makes my face look airbrushed
oily to use during the day under makeup
works well under makeup
my makeup would be sliding off
remove my foundation completely
makeup doesn't like to stay
it keeps my makeup in place
it really helped control the shine i get on my forehead from the sunscreen i wear
it does take away the shine
i used it under my makeup
even after i wash my face
primer before applying my makeup
it makes the application of my makeup very fast
add more after makeup if needed
i look like a glowy goddess when i apply it under makeup
i also added some to the ends of my hair
i put it in the ends on my hair
after a shower or after washing my makeup off
it works well prior to makeup too!
aka the only time i get my makeup taken to the next level
i wash my face
plus i use it on my face.
when i apply my makeup looks amazing
i drop or two is also great for taming hair.
plays nice with other makeup
put some in my hair after a shower
i got it in my monthly makeup bag
perfect canvas for makeup as well.
not a wrinkle on her face
i've had no problem wearing it under my makeup
which made eye makeup a challenge that day
bright even before makeup
goes on great under my makeup without causing it to run
my makeup applied smoothly over it
i also make sure it's fully dried before i begin to apply makeup
also the way it looks without makeup
t doesn't ruin my makeup
works great under makeup!
whenever i wash my face
it goes on great under makeup
not even wear make up
makeup wears well on top of it.
light enough to not mess with my makeup
it could also be all the cateye makeup i wear
it makes putting primer
doesn't affect application of makeup
it never interferes with my eye makeup.
keeps makeup from settling in
i feel better about going without makeup on "casual" days
it works great under makeup too
it works great under makeup too
works with my makeup while it's on
i feel my makeup goes on better after
it is also not causing my eyeliner to run down my face
i think my makeup still sinks into my wrinkles around my eyes
it also works well under makeup.
wait for it to dry before i put on makeup
when you remove the top
my makeup even goes on better
after i wash my face
your skin will adjust
why keep trying to hide skin with more makeup
the makeup stays on longer
i wear full makeup 6 days a week
does pill under makeup
every time i get facials or i get makeovers done it sephora i get complimented on how nice my skin is
my makeup goes in smoothly
doesn't ball up under makeup
i recommend using the algenist primer after before makeup
i can also get away with using it as my primer for every day makeup
first of all, i don't use this under makeup.
this product is not the best under makeup
easy to apply in the morning under makeup
it has transformed my face to where now i can wear no face makeup whatsoever except the occasional powder
my face looks as if i have makeup on
allowing me to start the rest of my makeup process on a smooth
my makeup is lasting longer
before i apply makeup
makeup goes on better
can apply makeup right away- great product
no face lift necessary
i apply this product before i put on my primer
when i apply my makeup
it wears well under makeup, too.
it is easy to wear
can be worn easily under makeup
it is impossible to camouflage
absorbs completely so great under makeup
awake without any makeup
it helps remove the eye make-up that face washing will not remove
perfect for daytime under makeup.
it absorbs into the skin perfectly so my makeup stays on like it should
goes well with makeup.
before putting my makeup on its so smooth
not to mention stays smooth under my makeup application
i wear very little makeup
it helps my eye makeup
especially if you love wearing eye makeup everyday
works well at night and under makeup.
wearable under makeup for day as well
had to put aside all eye makeup
it's a perfect base for makeup
is that makeup doesn’t like to set on it
all over your face
it leaves such a great glow that i've been wearing less makeup since using it
my beauty routine is pretty simple--wash face
this should honestly be a staple in your makeup collection
it also melts away makeup after to remove super water proof makeup
this product works workers for prepping before makeup application
i think it's great as a step before applying makeup
makeup are scrubbed off for the day
it often left my skin too slick to apply makeup
i need to wear something with spf
it is fantastic under eye makeup!
as an all-over face cream
under eye makeup goes on smoothly.
my makeup doesn't settle in the lines
it absorbs instantly and is great under makeup.
can put my makeup on right after
let sink in before doing makeup
have not tried it under makeup.
i don't usually wear under my makeup
wears awesome under makeup
although very virgin to makeup
have to put my makeup on
it doesn't mess up my eye makeup at all
every time i use this mask
i can wear makeup or not wear makeup
i don't use it under makeup though
you can wear it at night or under makeup
i receive so many compliments on my skin when i wear it
made sure to wear sunscreen on top of it during the day
i even used it during the day too under makeup
almost daily under my makeup
depending on how thick you apply the mask
after remove the mask every one can see the big change of my skin it is great
this is my favorite face mask to use ever!
made the mask easy to apply
includes a nice mask application brush.
layers well under makeup
after removing the mask
i apply after i wash my face and it applies well.
moisturizing yet light weight making it the perfect balance fore everyday wear under makeup
preps skin for what's next
it goes on well with makeup
it is also thin enough to use under makeup
so there is no waiting time for primer or makeup application
it also wears great under makeup.
it works well if you need to apply makeup over it
light, spf and goes well with primer/makeup.
it has spf, and it looks flawless under makeup.
works well under makeup
i don't reapply makeup during the day usually
don't have to use a separate spf before applying my makeup
how my mineral makeup looks over it
creates the perfect base for makeup
works incredibly well under makeup.
performs great beneath makeup
most of them ball up when applying my primer or makeup over them
works perfectly under makeup
even to the point of melting my makeup off
keeps my makeup in place
it doesn't affect my makeup at all
goes on clearly without any of that white diaper cream look
it doesn't wear heavy at all
the works great under makeup
my makeup lasts all day without grease building up
wears beautifully under my makeup
it goes smoothly under makeup
it made my makeup look amazing.
my makeup stay all day long because of it
i love there makeup
it works extremely well under makeup
just remember to use sparingly under makeup
i wear it daily
my makeup looks set
i usually put this on in the morning before makeup- it absorbs quickly
i even put it in my hair on wash day
goes on well underneath makeup
it covers your whole face
my makeup doesn't cling to any dry patches
wait about 10 minutes to apply my makeup
i've also been using the black face wash
my makeup goes on smooth
doesnt break apart my makeup nd i never need to reapply it gives me such great hydration
instead of moisterizer i work this into my skin before makeup
i'd use it under my makeup
i put it on before my makeup primer.
nose over my makeup
no film or residue left on the face
removes makeup yet isn't drying.
it always take a my makeup off
i wear quite a heavy face of makeup each day
this removes face makeup well
i wear long wearing
extra care when using under makeup
i don't use it under makeup
whenever i dont wear any makeup
when i was younger i barely wore makeup.
it lays perfectly underneath my makeup
doesn't mess with my makeup
does not look good under makeup
works well under makeup.
my makeup applies beautifully over it.
with certain makeup products
so always need makeup
had to wash my whole face
it is not so heavy that my makeup just slips off of my face
makeup goes on well afterwards.
i wear this during the day under my makeup.
doesn't leave your skin greasy which allows my makeup to last longer throughout the day
can put makeup on immediately
a lot of people are complaining about how this cleanser doesn't remove makeup--
i don't use it to remove my eye makeup
as i have an eye makeup remover for that
i usually remove all make up first with a make-up cleanser
i do not use it for makeup removal
then use this as a final clean to get all the makeup remover off
that does a good job without totally stripping your face
make up forever is good for removing very stubborn eye makeup without ripping your eyelids off
i remove makeup with soy cleanser- which is meant to remove makeup- even my eye makeup
takes off mild makeup.
two pumps is plenty to get rid of all my makeup
i love this face wash.
i do not recommend this for makeup removal.
after wearing makeup where it takes off all the grime
if i'm wearing makeup i always use korres makeup removing wipes/lancome bifacial eyemakeup remover first
making it amazing with makeup on
this one does not mess with my makeup
if you're applying under makeup it gets blended with you next layer anyway
my makeup applies so easily
it does wear off
my face doesn't smell when i put makeup on top
it applies orange when it goes on
it looks great even without makeup.
does not leave an orange cast
it does not wipe off on clothes or pillowcases.
makeup applies beautifully over this oil
when i apply my makeup
i put this under my makeup
i tried this bio-performance hoping to get the wrinkle reducing properties of the shiseido benefiance plus the ability to wear it under makeup in the daytime
this bio-performance was still too slippery to wear under makeup for me
wore makeup today without a problem.
put on my eye makeup
it works great under makeup
helping the makeup to go on more smoothly
every time i do makeup
overall this is my favorite moisturizer to use on a no makeup makeup day
apply it to my face
plays well with primer and makeup.
because of it being oil-free i am to able my makeup on with out having to worry about my makeup wearing out
don't get greasy under my makeup
works well with the wash
i tried to get everything waterproof cause my makeup was getting smudged
smooth before putting on makeup
t's a nice one to have in your makeup kit
perfect to wear under foundation
my skin looks more even under makeup
it also doesn't make my makeup wear differently than if i didn't have moisturizer on
i wouldn't wear this all day or under makeup
i can only use it under makeup
it feels great under makeup products
makeup it feels very heavy
it also didnt affect my makeup process so that is a plus as i have oily skin
can wear this under makeup without disrupting my foundation
gave my skin such a great finish after applying my makeup
this primer works like a charm with the estée lauder double wear foundation
great alone or with makeup
is smooth then i begin my makeup routine
it suits me on minimal makeup days
sometimes i only wear this just for those no makeup days
makeup forever smoothing primer
my makeup staying longer
makes my makeup stay in place great
evens out skin tone and stays makeup all day.
not-so-much-chance for retouching the makeup
this primer holds every makeup upon it very well
my makeup stays on all day
after it dries creates a very nice even tone in order to put on your foundation makeup on top
is a great primer for makeup
a good consistency to put on under my makeup
better than putting makeup on bare skin
this product truly does keep your makeup on
makes your makeup go 12+ hours without touching up
makeup wears like a dream
makeup consistently stays a good 8 hours
it's good to know i can wear a full face of makeup through the day
i like this primer it gives a smooth finish for makeup application
helps my makeup stay put through out the day
keep your makeup on longer
my makeup doesn't come off unless i wash it off
it does make your makeup glide on your face
makeup goes on like silk!
being a makeup artists i've gone through many kinds of primer buying from top br
good base for makeup
with my oily skin this helps keep my makeup stay in place all day
my makeup is flawless
i actually did an experiment using neutrogena under my makeup
i add my own face lotion after this has had time to absorb
i actually just use this + eye cream under my makeup
i am getting to the point where i no longer have to "spackle" on my makeup
plus i use it on my face
i think my face looks better now without makeup than with
along with the face wash
my face is so soft and makeup goes on so smooth.
don't try using it under makeup in the daytime
i feel comfortable without makeup
i even updated some of my face makeup
perfect to use before applying makeup
goes perfectly under makeup
has a light luminizing finish that's a great prep for makeup
i wear it under makeup every day.
my makeup was melting off within a few hours when i tried this as my under makeup moisturizer
the pink color also goes away upon application.
it has a makeup primer in it already
it has made its way as part of my makeup regulars
it worked great with my skin underneath my makeup
works great when applying my makeup
i will wear this
yes i wear it under my make-up
my makeup goes on over it like a charm.
i can get away without wearing makeup
i can't put makeup on or go to bed without this first
or pilling up under my makeup
blends perfectly under my makeup
i am often able to go without makeup/foundation/bb cream
ts like giving my face a rest from makeup
i also use it over/with some bb cream makeup products to get the glow
apply this right before makeup
i also feel that it makes putting on my makeup so much smoother
immediately start putting on my makeup with no problems
usually when i wear makeup it become flakey by the end of the day
also no white cast in photos the spf is great!
my makeup applies very well over this product.
it made my makeup last without getting shiny
even on makeup free days feels really light
it makes a great base for your face makeup.
makes my face glow upon applying it
it goes well under my makeup
i can feel it working under my makeup throughout the day
i can cover my entire face
makes your makeup go on like silk
which affects the way our makeup looks.
you can put on your makeup over it immediately after putting it on
makeup wasn't the same
no more smudged eyeliner or what ever makeup you are using on your eyes in the heat
it all acts as a great base to makeup
i'll use it during the day only if i'm not wearing any makeup
don't recommend using it under makeup
to freshen up my makeup i sometimes roll a little around my eyes
it is not too heavy to wear under make up
i can put on three layers of makeup
my makeup goes on like satin
after removed the mask
gives a glowy look without makeup
as soon as you wash the mask off your face
didn't make my face look any better with makeup on
the kind of skin that doesn't really need makeup.
love this as a full on face mask
used as a mask on my whole face
the dry effect wearing the mask
works as a good base under makeup
clean without stripping it
removes all of my makeup save a little mascara.
it removes my make up
fine lines don't show up with makeup as much!
the first time to remove my makeup
this is not a makeup removal type of cleaner
i think of it more as a polisher than as a make-up remover because you definitely will not be using this remove your eye makeup
definitely not a makeup remover
note that this is not a makeup remover.
this face wash is great!
it plumps lines temporarily which is nice under makeup
i usually use this before makeup
it's perfect for applying in the morning before starting your makeup
it does go on smoothing
use a makeup removing face wash at night
i love this face wash!
i remove my eye makeup prior to washing my face.
there is never a hint of makeup residue.
balance face wash before
i love this face wash.
this is the best face wash i've ever used
i don't wear makeup to work
i love using this product before i put my makeup on because it isn't too heavy
on days that i go makeup free
that covers my face
what i loved less: had to apply powder to before applying makeup to avoid
i never was able to wear lotion during the day before applying my makeup due to my oily skin
i even use a drop underneath my makeup
i just basically looked horrible without makeup
unlike the josie maran argan oil i use under my makeup during the day
doesn't make my makeup slide everywhere
it covers your entire face
my makeup applies beautifully over this
i found even using it as a base under my makeup made my foundation glide
this works so nicely under my makeup
in the morning before applying makeup
it wears well under makeup
it works so well under makeup
without makeup my skin already looks instantly better
my makeup looks flawless with this product applied underneath
can wear makeup over it
i even use it under my makeup.
i don't use this under my makeup- only on my bare face days
it goes on well under makeup in the morning
i put this on everyday under makeup
on days i don't use makeup
makes the makeup look great
then put my makeup on top
my makeup stays put
spf is a plus i don't have to put a separate spf that is too heavy on the face
great to wear on its own.
i only use this in the day under my makeup
my makeup also looks better
it wears very well under makeup
using undereye cream let your skin absorb product then apply makeup
underneath my makeup during the day
it creates a perfect canvus for you makeup application
this is my favorite face wash.
removes all the make up
this is by far my favorite face wash/mask!
as in she doesn't wear much for foundation
it removes my mascara too
literally takes all your makeup off
washes off all of my makeup including eyeliner
best face wash ever
because i know that it gets rid of all my makeup
makeup remover with me--a great 2-in-1
i recommend this face wash to almost everyone
removes make up very well!
my makeup even went on better.
it works very well at getting all makeup off
it removes every hint of makeup
this cleanser removes all my makeup
this clears my skin up like no other
it can remove any makeup residue that my ma sleep remover wipes fail to remove
plus it does do a great job of taking off all makeup
i love this face wash.
it covers my whole face
it removes all make-up
which makes my makeup go on like never before
i can use it in the daytime and under makeup.
i love using this in the ends of my hair.
it leaves your makeup looking nice under your skin
my makeup stays on longer
i did also start using a beauty blender to apply my makeup
my makeup goes on so flawlessly
makes my makeup go on really smoothly
the light is perfect for everyday wear on the face
makes makeup look exellent especially before applying colour corrector
even on the ends of my hair
work into my hair
i can't wear my makeup without it
i've worn it under makeup with no issues either
however, i do not put makeup over it.
when i blow out my natural hair i use a drop or two wig this before wrapping my hair at night
i apply before my makeup
it said on the box that it's light enough to use under makeup
absorbs fast enough to wear underneath my makeup
on the days i don't wear any makeup
use this oil during the day under my makeup
i mean within 3 hours of makeup i'm an oil slick.
i also put it on the ends of my hair.
it wears well under makeup
apply it to my face
my skin doesn't absorb my makeup
my makeup goes on nicely, also.
with sunscreen that practically set my face on fire
make my makeup slide
i sometimes wear it during the day under my primer
i wear alot of makeup
it works well under my makeup as long as i give it time to sink in
it goes on flawlessly under makeup.
quickly began using it under my makeup too
can put my makeup on a minute after applying
primer and makeup go on easily over it.
i find myself wearing less makeup since starting this product
takes all of my makeup off & no irritation.
great for taking off makeup.
especially after a face wash
this does the trick to remove the remaining makeup residue
i wouldn't consider it a strong makeup remove
night for my makeup remover
it is gentle yet erases makeup effectively.
i wear makeup everyday
the makeup completely comes off
the thorough job it did with my makeup
this is fantastic if you're using it to remove light makeup
i just wouldn't use it for waterproof eye makeup because it takes a bit of work to get it off
also amazing for getting makeup off.
it takes off eye makeup like a dream!
hold it on my eye makeup for about a minute
makeup without drying or irritating
i love this no-rinse makeup removal !
nice clean smell and easily removes makeup.
used it for removing lipstick.
it didn't remove eye makeup
i absolutely love this for removing eye makeup.
this took all my makeup off with no scrubbing
it removes light make up.
it is perfect for taking off face makeup or powder-type makeup
it's not as effective when it comes to eye makeup such as mascara or anything that contains oil or some thickness to it
which in this case helps me get rid of any residue makeup around my eyes
it effortlessly removes my makeup
i love it a lot not just for removing makeup
it does a great job removing my light makeup without making my skin tight or sticky
not end up wiping makeup all over my white towels
even removed the kylielipkit lipstick that is really difficult to get off
i don't use this as a makeup remover
it removed my makeup
one will remove all my makeup
great for taking lipstick off at the end of the day too
i took one star off because it really shouldn't be called a makeup remover
this removes the light makeup i usually wear day to day very easily
i would not recommend it as a makeup remover to someone who wears very heavy makeup since i think you would go through several cotton pads to get it all off
this is the best makeup remover i have ever used- ever
removes all my make-up
it works great to remove my eye make up
this is great for cleaning off makeup as well
it gets rid of makeup
it really gets rid of the extra makeup
still does its job of removing makeup
removes all my makeup so fast
removed all of my makeup with a small amount.
this is the only product i've found that completely removes all traces of makeup
removes eye make up as well
easily removes all of my makeup--even waterproof mascaras--with a once over
doesn't feel like other makeup removers
they take off every trace of makeup with a single cotton pad
this works great as a makeup remover
i only use it on my eye makeup
it gets my eye makeup off
i've tried so many different makeup removers
this one not only cleans off all the makeup
im very lazy on removing my makeup
this works well to remove makeup
isn't the usual two-layer makeup removed that you have to shake up
it removes makeup without any pulling or tugging
it removes my makeup thoroughly
it even does a good job on eye makeup
don't do a good job on eye makeup
it doesn't remove eye makeup well
just right for taking off the day's makeup
it does not take off eye makeup
then deeply cleans the face of all makeup
it not only removes makeup
it removes my eye makeup easily
i cant wear makeup
leave it on as a mask
put it on your face
perfect to use it under makeup.
right before i do my makeup
i sometimes wear it as a night cream.
ready for makeup application
it's too much for my skin under makeup, though.
perfect for wearing under your makeup or alone.
/or primer for makeup
clinique was the first makeup i ever wore
is the makeup my mom wears
i've found that i don't love this product for everyday use under makeup because i find my makeup just doesn't sit well on it
it applies very well under makeup.
i apply it everyday after washing my face
i wash my face first
if was everything i wanted for applying under my makeup
it really does make any face makeup look flawless
i put it under the primer
before using it under my eyes my makeup would stick the the dryness
go with wrinkle resist from shiseido
light so you can use before applying makeup
it's perfect for mornings under my makeup.
i wore this under my makeup
i can wear it under makeup.
it sits very nicely under makeup
is a nice thin primer before makeup
this product makes my skin look beautiful even if i choose not to wear makeup at all
makeup also goes on smoothly
looked good under makeup
my makeup stays put
moisturizes without making me go really greasy within 5 minutes after putting on makeup
love using it after face wash
looks great under makeup
it works perfectly under my makeup
it is a great face wash
as well as removing make-up
i also never really wore makeup
when i started wearing makeup everyday for work
after using a makeup wipe
using a clarisonic that once i wiped my face with this pad there was still makeup on my skin
no issues under makeup.
these wipes are awesome
cleans makeup really well
removes all makeup instantly.
doesn't strip my face
don't wipe it out
perfect for under makeup.
the balm breaks down makeup really well
the cloth that is included does a great job gently exfoliating while removing makeup
massage over face to remove makeup
removes makeup very well
on any days that i wear makeup
on days that i don't wear makeup
because not only it removes your make up good
it’s especially wonderful for removing makeup
it takes off all of my makeup
its pretty good at taking makeup off
however i prefer taking my makeup off first with a wipe or makeup removing balm then using this cleanser
as a young professional i wear a full face of makeup for long hours every day
this cleanser does magic by both removing my heavy makeup
i could actually save $$ on makeup removers from now on
it removes all the make-up
it easily removes waterproof makeup
i don not care
it does a fantastic job at melting away my makeup
it takes off my makeup exceptionally well
it's don'e a great job of cleaning my face
it removes makeup super easily yet really gently.
takes off every single bit of makeup
make sure to remove eye makeup first
takes your makeup off
it's a great cleanser that removes all you make up
however it removes all my waterproof make up
it takes off the most stubborn mascara with ease
removes all my makeup
i can now throw away my make up remover
it has replaced my eye makeup remover
this is the best face wash.
it also removes all makeup
removed all of my makeup
i've tried a few so called makeup removal oils before with no luck
i get my normal makeup remover wipes to see if there is any additional makeup left on my face
the products that i've tried in the past always left so much additional makeup on my makeup wipes
the makeup removal oils would not really remove any makeup since there was so much left on the wipe
this product removed all of my makeup.
i went in afterwards with my makeup wipes
even waterproof eye makeup
it takes off all my makeup
including the eye makeup
the fact that it removes all makeup including eye makeup
takes makeup right off.
really want to get the job whose makeup i was washing off
while i still remove makeup ahead of cleansing
i wouldn't recommend using it to remove heavy makeup
it removes my eye makeup with ease
i wore a full face of makeup with primer
this cleansing balm goes on a dry face while you still have all your makeup on
i usually use a nickel size at night when i've worn makeup
the process with laying the cloth on your face kind of takes a while
any traces of makeup will be gone
it takes off all makeup
when you are removing full makeup
it breaks up all the makeup
wipe everything off your face
bright that i’ve even toned down the amount of makeup i wear to work
this cleanser seems to keep all that work intact
if i'm not doing my makeup
also, it will melt away some base makeup.
it removes all make-up
if you love a cleanser that also removes eye make up
to prep my skin for makeup
this takes all your makeup off
it takes off your makeup very well
gets even waterproof makeup off
get dark makeup all over your face
not for makeup removal as it is stated
it removed all my makeup
i don't know how well it removes makeup
i love how it cleanses my no-make-up face without stripping my skin
i do not wear makeup
i would probably recommend using an makeup remover/oil cleanse first to thoroughly remove your makeup first
i love this face wash
very nice base for makeup or wear alone.
everyone noticed i'm wearing less makeup
i am finding myself wearing way less makeup
i am finding myself wearing way less makeup
try applying it to one eye
so eye makeup can be applied right after application
makeup i wear on a daily basis
doesn't make my mascara run if i don't use a lid primer
its a great cream to put under makeup because it absorbs fast
works great under makeup
wears well under make up
it allows you to apply with ease without "pulling
this stuff clears the spots without stripping my natural color
if you want to cover any dark spots or imperfections without using any makeup
which makes putting on makeup difficult
i am using less makeup
let my skin absorb before makeup
great for removing my makeup effectively
it's so effective in removing dirt from my face
i would recommend you take that off with a makeup remover specifically designed to remove waterproof makeup
i find that it didn't quite remove my eye makeup
use this after i have removed my makeup with a cleansing oil
will wash everything off of your face
gets eye makeup off too without my using other eye makeup remover
i don't wear makeup
oil without stripping my face
it does a very good job of removing makeup.
i don't wear too much makeup so don't need an intense cleanser--
have skin with very little or no makeup on
i don't even feel the need to wear skin makeup anymore
i still use it every day to remove my make up
it takes off all makeup completely
it removes all my makeup
makeup from my skin
if you are trying to wash your face of makeup etc
it removes all traces of makeup
this wash has worked wonders on my skin.
it covers your entire face
makeup goes on more evenly
i like to use this product after a long day of makeup
i do recommend in using a good face primer before using makeup
sometimes a thick layer for 10 minutes before putting my makeup on
i can even use powder makeup again!
it's so refreshing to use this mask after a long day wearing makeup
leave it on without washing off
face washes of course work
if i am wearing heavier makeup or waterproof eye makeup i do need to use a cleansing wipe first to get my face really clean
plus this cleanser gets all my makeup off
start with eye makeup remover
it removes any leftover makeup residue
i will wipe off my makeup first
it works well to get off my makeup
it really takes off all my makeup
i found myself having to use a face wipe to remove makeup
still had makeup residue on the brush
test # 1: no face wipe.
still have the makeup that i applied in the morning
from left over makeup
it loosens up all traces of makeup -- even the bits of waterproof mascara left behind that my eye makeup remover should have erased first
when i'm not wearing makeup
ed with my makeup in the first place
this has completely replaced my makeup remover
it takes for all sings of makeup
only face wash that takes all the makeup off my face
this product takes off make up without stripping my face
if you wear a lot of eye makeup
you'll need a separate makeup remover for that
i don't wear too much makeup
however it's not as good as removing eye makeup.
great at cleansing the skin especially if you wear makeup
it gently removes my makeup
even my eye makeup
it absorbs so fast so wearing this under makeup is not an issue
i apply it at night as a serum after i'm done washing my face
the only heavy makeup i wear is under my eyes
doesn't leave the face shiny.
i wear minimal makeup
this is almost mattifying which makes it perfect as a makeup primer too
it's a great base for makeup
my makeup goes on so smoothly
put it on under makeup
it won't make makeup melt or wear off leaving dry patches
on top of that the paint
onto my face as i apply the lotion
it's great to use under makeup.
true cetaphil as my face wash
cons: doesn't play well with makeup.
makeup didn't blend well over it
came out with a new routine that includes an oil makeup remover
it does great under makeup, as does this.
is a good prep for the skin before makeup also soothed
perfect for layering under makeup
i also appreciate how much more smoother makeup applies now after i added this into my skincare routine
can be mixed in makeup
my makeup goes on so much smoother on top of it
makeup goes on wonderfully
this product was used on many a model's face before makeup
it didn't mesh well with my makeup
took care of my dry patches making applying makeup enjoyable again
it works amazing underneath my makeup
after cleansing my face the sephora makeup artist applied kate somervile age arrest cream
it's not a makeup removing cleanser though
so just make sure to take your makeup off first
my favourite face wash and the only one i use!
it removes all my make up even eye makeup
this cleans all my makeup off easily without irritating my skin
it takes off absolutely all the makeup without drying out my face
it removes all makeup
makeup etc to keep those breakouts at bay
takes off makeup good as well
does a great job at cleaning the face
it effectively removes make up
each time you wash your face
i wash my face
i love this face wash!
it removes my makeup that is left behind so well!
one of the best face washes i have used!!!
i think it would be great for at least once a day to remove makeup or after a heavy workout
i do use a cleansing oil to take off my long wearing makeup
which is great for eye makeup
removes even touch make-up like heavy foundation
or makeup off your face
it not only removes the daily makeup
while it's not a great makeup remover
makeup my makeup remover lives behind without leaving my skin dry
it removes make-up when i use it
however it doesn't take off eye makeup or makeup well
it removes any trace of makeup that's left behind from my makeup remover
i don't wear makeup
now i'm able to put on my makeup without the dry patches
looks great under makeup
it works well underneath makeup
i don't even wear face makeup now since i started using this product
red that any makeup i put on would flake off almost immediately
under makeup with no problem
my face was matte for the majority of the day.
less makeup- more natural skin days.
my makeup goes on smoother, i swear.
it works perfectly under makeup
my makeup goes on beautifully
my makeup goes on so smooth
makeup goes on better
makeup goes on more smoothly
which means makeup sits better
my makeup goes on smoothly
works well under makeup.
looks great under makeup
out of all my makeup
smeared makeup at the end of a night out
it is flawless by itself or under makeup.
don't apply a full face of gel when you start.
beautiful under makeup too!
i've noticed that i like the look of my skin without makeup
this removes the day with out stripping my skin.
it takes all the makeup off without drying
which made application of eye shadow flawless without even using a primer
i've used it under makeup and had no issues.
it does not leave a smooth texture for applying makeup
i like the texture of this gel to remove makeup
if your wearing a heavy coverage face
you might not like this to use to completely remove all of your makeup
it will take a second wash to remove eye makeup
it gets off all my makeup
assuming it was a makeup remover -- i couldn't believe how well it cleaned
it removes all of my makeup
it doesn't take all my eyeliner
it seemed to do a good job removing my makeup
still need eye makeup remover
it melts all my makeup off, including eyes.
it removes a full face of make-up
removes all of my makeup
so well i don't even have to use a separate eye makeup remover
makeup remover in one this is definitely worth it in my opinion
it removes eye makeup well
5 pumps is all it takes to remove all your makeup
it works best for your makeup removal cleanse
i could see using this a a gentle cleanser in the morning when you have no makeup to remove
i apply this first to get rid of eye makeup
removes all traces of makeup with a small amount.
it takes off makeup
this item does remove most of my make up
i only wear light makeup.
now i can even go makeup free.
nothing my eye makeup remover cant get
it's about as tough on makeup as i'd expect from a gel
this stuff will take off almost any makeup with no scrubbing
i've had to use a second round of it on waterproof eye makeup sometimes
at home i will probably use a heftier waterproof eye makeup remover on my eyes on heavy makeup days
it takes off eye make up so easily without me having to first wipe it off with the cleansing towelettes
with makeup it can get oily quickly
this cleanser removes makeup while keeping the skin pretty soft
all of my makeup comes off
it completely washes all the makeup off your face
it takes off eye makeup doesn't sting!
removed make-up well
it removes all of my makeup
i can't speak to how well it works as a makeup remover
used it to remove makeup
it was able to completely remove all the makeup
would give 5 stars if it removes waterproof eye makeup as well
it's definitely not for removing makeup in my opinion
i wear a full face pretty much every day
it does a good job at removing makeup
to remove my make up
takes off all makeup with ease
it's good- took my makeup off, rinsed clean.
melts makeup away like nothing else i've tried
it takes off all my makeup for the day
although nothing can yet beat lancome bi-facil for removing eye makeup
i still have that small mascara undereye smudge that i only have to do a quick wipe-over with lancome
i do use makeup wipes to take off my makeup because i don't like the makeup all over my h
it removes all makeup
removes my eye makeup without stripping my skin
it does clean away the bits that my makeup remover misses
it takes off even the most stubborn makeup easily
t does not remove makeup well
this removes my make up
which did a great job removing makeup
in terms of eye make-up removal
i only use makeup remover for my eyes
what it does is take off my makeup
when i use it to remove my eye makeup
it removes my eye makeup pretty quickly
this is the only one that effectively took off all of my makeup including my water proof mascara
after applying this mask
after all the makeup i wear
my makeup would slide right off lol
i put primer and makeup right on top.
goes on like a mask
i got it because i use the same tsubaki gel cleanser to remove my makeup every night
i apply the mask every night after cleansing
makeup goes on like a dream
wearing an overnight mask does take some getting used to
now i wash my face with boscia or clarins
even my makeup applies
wouldn't suggest wearing it under makeup
love for makeup application
makeup would bring out the dry look or the flakes
i own all of the glamglow masks
could compare how my makeup wore
the makeup wore the same
this cream works great under makeup
i apply this always before i apply my makeup
make sure it dries before you put makeup over it
i hated having to wear so much makeup under my eyes all the time
the way it looks now without any makeup at all is actually lighter than it used to look after i applied heavy concealer
wears well under makeup
makes my eye makeup easier to apply
once i tried the algenist genius cream + the smashbox pore minimizer primer its like a whole new world for my makeup routine
day difference with the way my makeup looks on my skin
i wore it under my makeup
put on my makeup over it and i am glowing.
it covers my whole face
my makeup goes on flawlessly
i wear makeup maybe once or twice a week
i wasn't wearing makeup
my makeup goes on easy after applying
i get complements on my skin makeup or not all the time since using
it is the when i peel the mask off my face
when i remove it
it's kind of like a pore strip for your entire face
long wear make up
it also removes makeup nicely.
this removes all of all the dirt
always removing makeup in the evenings
this face wash is awesome
i love this face wash.
removes makeup pretty well too!
it did a good job getting my makeup off
best face wash i have ever used
cleans out old makeup left behind from my makeup wipe
love this face wash!
removes all of my makeup
i love this face wash.
definitely not eye makeup removal
i like this cleanser it takes off all of my makeup
this face wash is great.
even after wearing full coverage makeup all day
don't plan to use any other face wash
gets makeup excess off
this cleanser does a good job of removing the oil that is built up on my face
this face wash is a must have
it does an amazing job of removing makeup
i wear full face
this gets rid of any
it really cleans the makeup off well
i first clean my face with a makeup-remover wipe
then i wash my face with this product
i put it after cleaning my face
it works as a mask
i finally can go makeup
not saying it will completely erase under eye wrinkles
i can apply my makeup within minutes of applying this
wore beautifully under my makeup
can wear it under makeup
i can apply makeup right after without any problems
it will not remove your fine lines
eye makeup removers so this line is a blessing
this has also made my face makeup look much better
allow 20 minutes before i apply my makeup
before i prime my face for makeup
prep skin for makeup
i love using this just prior to applying my makeup
i love to use this under makeup to make my skin look extra dewy
ready for a face of makeup
i've used this mask on
i do use this after the clearing treatment mask
every time i use it my makeup just glides on my face
i've also used a dab to wear under makeup or while i sleep
my makeup had no where to "cling"
i apply it after i remove my makeup at night.
before you apply makeup
it made my makeup look better, too.
after face masks -- it puts the hydration right back into my skin without blocking the results of the masks i use
my makeup actually glides on top of this product.
looked glowing without any makeup
i still couldn't wear makeup without it looking terrible
i can now wear makeup again
doesn't give me a white cast
for reference i wear eye cream underneath this
while this does leave a white cast
i wear makeup most days
even more i love that my makeup stays in place
i do wear it over clinique all about eyes
goes well under makeup
even heavy eye makeup
wears great under makeup
it works great under my makeup--dries fast
does not interfere with my regular eye cream
i only wore cc cream and no eye makeup.
eye makeup still sets well
i always wear sun protection to
it doesn't interfere with my eye makeup or under-eye concealer
so i can't always wear sunglasses.
removes all makeup on my face when i am lazy to wash my face
i don't wear heavy makeup
use an eye makeup remover
great product for toning and make up removal.
effectively removes all of my makeup
works very well to remove excess makeup
it removes all my makeup easily
since i wear a lot of makeup
i don't use it as makeup remover
caudalie to be more effective at removing all traces of makeup
i will also often use this as an eye-makeup remover it is so gentle
fantastic for removing makeup
it's fantastic for eye makeup removal
i started using this to remove makeup at the end of the day
to replace my makeup wipes
this takes off my foundation and eye makeup.
wao a perfect for cleaning the makeup of my face
it takes off all my makeup with just one pump of oil
it removes all my make up
i follow up with a face wash to remove the oil.
it took off my makeup fast
i already use the clinique makeup remover that you shake
it's a great product , melts my makeup right off
this is hands down my favorite makeup remover.
it gets off all off my face makeup
one-step makeup remover
i love how it melts away my makeup
it's perfect for a makeup remover
have never had a trouble using this cleansing oil to take off my makeup before washing my face
this product removes makeup so easily!
makeup starts coming off instantly
does a decent job on removing makeups.
it takes your makeup gentle and easy.
it takes my makeup right off with no trouble
even the waterproof makeup
takes off my eyeliner
does what it says it will do- easy removal of all the layers of makeup
i like it removed all of my makeup even liquid eyeliner
this is one of the best makeup removers i have ever used
i wear very heavy
i don't use it to remove the bulk of my makeup
instead i use it to really make sure it's all gone after i've used makeup remover wipes for my face
without being able to remove all of the makeup
this oil does the trick at removing the hardest
it removes everything including waterproof.
makeup comes off super easily!
it does a really good job of removing makeup
it removes makeup like nothing
the makeup will not fully dissolve
the only con is that the makeup doesn't really "dissolve"
it takes all of my makeup off
not have to take makeup off
gets rid of all the makeup
it removes makeup so well
(including water proof makeup)-
more natural way to remove makeup
boscia makeup breakup oil was so bad
and removes all my eye makeup.
use this solely to remove makeup
removes all of my makeup
acne prone skin so removing my makeup at the end of the day with a product that won't strip my skin is a must for me
it removes every trace of my face
still takes off the makeup perfectly
this product worked well to remove my eye makeup.
it takes all of my eye makeup off
this is the best makeup remover i have ever used.
it is able to dissolve the toughest
this has to be the best makeup remover ever.
this is by far the best makeup remover i have used
it removes my full face of makeup
including heavy eye makeup
i am confident i am now removing all makeup
especially after a long day of wearing makeup
definitely takes off about 95% off the makeup
makeup is removed without drying out your skin
makeup removers claim to remove all makeup
there is plenty of makeup remaining even after using a traditional makeup remover
removes all my makeup in one attempt including my eye makeup
s down it is the most effective makeup removing cleanser i've ever used
pro- easily removes long wear/waterproof makeup
i didn't like that i was tugging my skin--especially to remove my eye makeup
it removes every stitch of makeup
even my eye makeup
removes makeup so effortlessly
new favorite way to remove my makeup!
i find that it's able to remove makeup
it really removes everything off my face
it gets rid of the makeup
it easily removes all my makeup.
as far as face makeup
waterproof makeup may need a bit more.
this stuff melts makeup right off of my face in a matter of seconds
it does a great job of removing all of my makeup
this honestly helps so much cutting through my makeup
this is a serious staple now in makeup removal routine
removes all of my makeup
takes my makeup right off with ease.
it's become my nightly go-to for makeup removing first cleanse
works on long-wear foundation
doesn't require a cloth to remove
wear a full beat face
i've tried a lot of different makeup removers
never a separate makeup remover
removes all my makeup
this does an amazing job at taking off all my makeup even waterproof mascara
it has replaced my need for a separate eye makeup remover
this is one of the best makeup removers i have used
it really gets off the most stubborn makeup.
i do however have a warning: do not use this to remove eye makeup
while it does remove eye makeup
i went into sephora on the lookout for a cleanser that would also remove stubborn eye makeup
i do need to use the product twice for my makeup to be completely removed
it does an excellent job of quickly removing makeup
used to use wipes for all my makeup removing
definitely recommend over any sort of wipes.
i do use a separate sephora eye make-up remover first before using this oil though
since this isn't made up of "real oils" i decided to give it a try for removing my makeup
for heavy eye makeup i use a eye makeup remover before using this
there is no better way to remove eye makeup
it takes off every trace of makeup.
i usually use 3-4 pumps depending on how much makeup i have on
my eyes are super sensitive to makeup removers
removes all of my makeup
removed all my makeup easily even if it's waterproof
this stuff takes all your makeup off immediately rven the waterproof madcara
i used many oils to remove my makeup
when you wash your face it washes off quickly rather than some makeup removing oils that leave oily residue
without one trace of eye makeup
s down the best makeup remover out there
thought i was buying the eye makeup remover
my makeup is completely removed
decided to get the travel sized version of this because the makeup removing wipes i use really dont remove all of my long wearing foundation i recently bought
then wipe your face with a makeup removing wipe
put this on only to have to use 6-7 pumps to completely get the makeup off
i decided to try it for removing makeup
it took all my makeup off
it didn't remove all of my foundation
i still used eye makeup remover though
when i wear makeup i go all out
it gets all of my makeup off in one go
after trying this makeup remover
i wear a fully face of makeup daily
2 pumps is sufficient to remove all of my makeup.
i tried garniers makeup remover oil at $7 it did clean my makeup
removed my eye makeup with this
it can take most of the makeup off.
find it's useful for dissolving makeup
one shot deal removes all of your makeup
for the best results apply to dry face starting at your eyes to remove your mascara first
this is a great makeup remover
i know that in general they're real is an incredibly tough mascara to get off with regular makeup remover
this oil melts all the makeup from my face
rather than taking off the makeup
so my makeup has to stay put
i also wear a lot of makeup
i like using this to take off all the makeup on my face
it doesn't sting my eyes at all when removing eye makeup
as i was used to the convenience of makeup removing wipes
it is even better than makeup wipes
it takes off all of your makeup
it leaves your skin free of makeup
removes makeup and it's so gentle on face!!!
this is my new go to makeup remover
i wear a full face of makeup almost everyday
especially if you tend to wear long wear makeup
i've tried makeup forever's eye makeup remover
the philosophy makeup removing face wash in the past
neither of these would remove the black eyeliner i wear everyday
it removes all my makeup
when i remove my eye makeup
i really like this makeup remover.
it removes all my makeup quickly and with ease.
for any person out there that had a portion of their skin shaved or removed by a derm or plastic surgeon this is the product to use
your makeup will look better
it does create an even surface for makeup application
if i'm wearing foundation i'll throw this on about 10 minutes before applying any makeup
i end up wearing less makeup!
it also works great on a no makeup day for the whole face with just a dusting of powder on top
i wear this to prevent
my makeup looks amazing on top of it
my face makeup stays put all day
i can wear this
'm not a makeup heavy person
how flawless it made my makeup look
my makeup was not as flawless as it used to be
my makeup applies so much better
had a sephora makeup artist recommend this primer to me on the day that i had a mini-makeover
i wear it everyday.
even without makeup it makes my face so soft
it gives great airbrush look even over my foundarion
just when i thought lancome had all the best stuff for minimizing wrinkles they came out with this- it really helps blur lines under makeup
i wear it without makeup or with because it is a great primer as well
they are not too heavy to wear under my makeup
it goes well when layered under my makeup
then you add makeup
my makeup never melted or needed freshening up.
or on a day when i'm not wearing any makeup.
it wears nice under makeup and feels lightweight.
i also like that it absorbs quickly when i apply before makeup
after i wash my face
i just can't wear this under makeup
i wear it before i apply my makeup
i love this lightweight moisturiser for everyday use before i put on my makeup
this is a fun mask to put on as you massage the mask
the color of the mask would change
on days when i don't want to wear makeup
on people's faces before makeup?
i feel the beads doing their job as i massage the mask onto my face
when doing my facial i tried the mask
wear it the whole time
washing my makeup away
after applying the mask
because i wear a lot of makeup on a regular basis
very easy to apply & remove.
i am still on the hunt for a sunscreen that can be worn under makeup
it also works really well under makeup.
i wear this everyday!
it can't be worn under makeup
use only on the days i don't wear makeup
is great for helping your makeup stay on
it just add a little shine on my face
i get compliments on my 'new' flawless makeup
when i do wear it with makeup
lightly hides my under eye circles for when i don't want to wear make up
i still have the same coloring
it does not affect the way eyeshadow goes on negatively
carried in my makeup bag
i can wear makeup over too which i love.
i wear it everyday day
wears it alone without any other tint or makeup over it
i wear it every time i wear makeup
couldn't wear makeup for a while
i wear it on the weekends by itself when i wear less makeup
i usually use this when i wear "no makeup" which is literally just this under my eyes
t cancels out circles pretty well on its own without a color corrector
i like how the pink helps neutralize the circles before i apply my actual under-eye concealer
i can wear it under makeup or on a no makeup day as well
good choice for a no makeup or minimal makeup day
brightens up your face when wearing no make up
it works well under my makeup
i would not use it for under my makeup because it does have a sheen
so this provides a quick fix before makeup application
even when i'm wearing no makeup
then after a shower this mask helps my makeup go on like a dream
it does wonders for brightening however the cleanup can
instead of masking the problem with makeup
my makeup applies flawlessly
makeup goes on smoothly
this goes great under makeup for daywear
the soap removes makeup thoroughly
on a whim i tried it out at night to see if it would remove makeup
as a makeup remover it's amazing
removes makeup without your skin feeling greasy
i noticed not all of my makeup was always removed
don't use it for makeup removal
i remove my makeup separately
i took a star off because it does not remove makeup
while i don't feel like it removes all of my makeup
ended up using it as a cloth to wipe my makeup brushes on
it also gets makeup residue off very well
double cleansing with this gets every little bit of makeup off
it removes all of my makeup
takes all my makeup off
my skin is so clean after using the washcloth to remove the day's makeup
this takes off all my makeup without irritating.
i take most of my makeup off first before cleansing anyways
'm not basing this on how well it removes makeup
i didn't wear makeups
it takes a bit more to remove some long lasting makeup
i even used it to remove my eye makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
no residual makeup came off on it
great for removing all traces of makeup
makes it easier for the dead skin to be removed with the firmx gel peel before i put on makeup so my face is nice
usually when i do masks my makeup never sits correctly on my face for some reason
easly removes make up
it gets rid of my face makeup
i still need something extra for my eye makeup
removes makeup while still leaving my skin soft
this is perfect for taking off makeup because it leaves zero makeup residue on my face
this is my favorite product to wash my face with.
i love using this face wash.
not a trace of makeup after i washed my face with this
it takes off every trace of my makeup
it removes all of my makeup so no need to use a makeup remover before h
takes off all my makeup
this is the first thing that i can actually use to take off eye makeup thoroughly without irritation
it takes off makeup well
then using this mask on super clean
people say my skin looks really fresh assume i wear no makeup
doesn't like i'm wearing makeup
i decided to opt for the no makeup makeup
i can wear this all day without touching up
every time i wear this
even makeup artists ask me what i'm wearing
really doesn't look like i'm wearing makeup
t's natural looking which i love even though i wear plenty of eye makeup
it's great in-between season makeup.
makeup done in 5 minutes
perfect weight for someone who doesn't like to wear makeup
i love natural looking makeup just as much as a full glam so when i want to have a "natural" makeup day this is absolutely perfect
f you do wear a full face of makeup on a daily basis
one of the best parts is that it adjusts to my skin color all year long
it's a great no-makeup makeup kind of product
it has minimized my makeup routine.
it feels like you aren't wearing any makeup
i've never been one to wear much makeup
i've never liked the way i looked with a full face of makeup
mix it in before applying to my face
can't even tell your wearing makeup!
without feeling like i'm wearing a mask all day
this covers just enough to lighten their appearance
"makeup" that won't break you out.
just makes me look like i'm wearing a mask
see which product suits your skin
whether its after shaving
now i don't even wear makeup
helps with eye makeup application
makeup goes on smoothly over it
it wears well under eye makeup.
my makeup sets nicely
works well under makeup
was light enough to where i could wear it under makeup
but it removes all my under-eye fine lines.
it works great under makeup to minimize any lines/creasing under my eyes
also plays well with makeup
it works beautifully under makeup
really soaks in and makeup looks good on top !
wears very well under makeup
works well under makeup, didn't sting my eyes.
no pilling under makeup
throughout the day makeup creases
a small dab of this cream 15min before i apply makeup really really helps
my makeup still applies evenly
too much before makeup will make my skin greasy.
strip to get rid of them
especially the day cream under makeup
this set has drastically changed how my makeup applies
i find that this makes it easier to conceal dark circles under makeup
just brightens your face overall even if you're going makeup free
makes makeup go on easier
plus, it works great under makeup!
it makes my makeup application after flawless
even after makeup application!
great face mask for any skin type
it is definitely effective for someone who wears a lot of makeup
makeup comes out flawless
after i wash my face
this is a good treatment for anyone who wears a lot of makeup
my makeup went on so smooth today!!
only washing my face at night with makeup wipes
i typically only wear makeup on the weekends
remove unlike some other masks i've tried
i usually spend more on my makeup than face products
i cannot wear this in the daytime
as much as i'd love to wear this underneath my makeup
i see that my makeup goes on more smoothly
my makeup looks amazing over it
you have to let it absorb for at least 20 min before applying makeup
particularly one i can use under makeup
and provides a great base for undereye makeup.
it is a nighttime eye treatment not to be used under makeup
works great under makeup
it worked well with my makeup
just not with my makeup
cannot go under makeup
the key is to let it really sink in before applying makeup
do not use this in the daytime or under your makeup
depending on how hard i massage as i'm putting it on
my makeup looks great
my face became so oily that my makeup would look horrible
it literally removes everything
it makes my makeup apply more easily
cover your entire face
my makeup goes on better
upon washing the mask off your face will feel brighter
i wouldn't say it removes wrinkles or anything
removes all traces of makeup without overdrying my skin
takes all my makeup off
only remove my makeup with wipes before going to bed
i keep this cleanser in the shower for when i want to remove all traces of makeup in the morning before going on about my day
removes all of my makeup
it might be best to remove mascara with eye makeup remover first
the cleanser is really awesome for taking off my makeup
no need to double cleanse this removes your makeup
like to wear a lot of make up
it removes all your make up
for me this works amazing removes all the makeup my makeup remover wipe couldn't get off my face feels so so soft
shouldn't ever be used to cleanse the skin i don't think it removes anything i had to add wipes to my routine
removes makeup so effectively
i'll do a pre-cleanse if wearing makeup
i feel like it does a good job of removing my makeup
i'll still give it 4 stars though because of the great job it does in removing makeup
it takes off all of my makeup
i then wash my face with this
takes all your makeup off too!
which after using still left makeup on my face
there is never any residue or makeup left on my skin
find that it completely removes my make-up
this is an effective cleanser that removes makeup as well
s an effective makeup remover so you can skip having to carry around cotton pads
makeup remover -- use this one-step product to clean your face
completely takes off all of my makeup
it removes all my makeup
does a better job at removing makeup
removes your makeup while cleansing your face
removes every bit of makeup
makeup from your skin
it's the perfect 2 in 1 product if you don't want to use a makeup remover
noticed i wear a professional amount of makeup
this does what it says it does--it removes makeup
see how makeup might slip from this easily
so yes i do recommend for no makeup or at night or minimal makeup days
it was so bad that i just gave up on wearing makeup
i wear it both day
it takes a while to absorb on my face
now makeup goes on much more smoothly.
be remotely ready for makeup application
it sinks right into my skin leaving a great base for makeup
you can put your makeup on immediately
gives a lovely base for before applying makeup
i wear less make-up.
try it, also great under makeup
in the day under makeup
wash my face to freshen up
dry out your face from removing makeup
find that it does take off all my makeup including eye makeup
it makes makeup remove so easy.
i also wear multiple layers of makeup
ok this product really does remove mascara without much effort
it removes all of my makeup
i committed to purchasing the full size once my previous makeup removing oil cleanser finished
it removes all make ups
this product thoroughly removes all of my makeup even waterproof mascara
i do not use this to remove my eye makeup
it's not that great at removing eye makeup
after breaking the makeup
i wash my face with a face wash
if it's tough to remove
quick to remove heavy eye makeup
this stuff removes my makeup like a charm
foe people who wear eye makeup everyday
fastest way to take off eye makeup
my only issue with this is after i take my eye makeup off
it works well with my makeup.
great to wear under makeup!
this makes a great base for makeup
it makes your makeup looks better
its non-oily and perfect for under makeup.
layers well under makeup
i apply it to my face
the facial really does work in one minute
i find i want to wear less makeup the days i use it
wipe it on your face
before your makeup application
using this concentrate before wearing makeup makes my makeup last longer
makeup goes on smoothly over this serum
looked so much better without makeup
as well as makeup was applying better
my makeup goes on so smooth and poreless.
it's nice to wear in the morning under makeup
especially when i go without makeup for the day
my face is too oily to use it under makeup
it provided a base for my makeup
after every use my face feels like i just washed off my facial mask
i did wear it under my makeup
i apply this mask to wear during the day under my make up
leaving minimal product to wash off
only on days i am not wearing makeup because i don't think makeup would stay put with this underneath
immediately upon putting on this mask you can see the redness begin to diminish
this makeup remover still leaves some makeup on my skin after using it
on days i wear makeup
is great at removing makeup
gets off all my makeup
you can probably just use this as your 2-in-1 makeup remover
takes off all ofmy layers of makeup
soft all makeup cleaned off
removed all my makeup with ease.
it's great for removing waterproof makeup.
it 100% works to take off makeup without heavy
i wash before bed to take off my makeup
your face will be ready to add makeup
wonderful for removing eye makeup without scrubbing or blinding yourself
i find doing both removes every inch of my make-up
wear a ton of make-up
this product wins for effectively removing all of my makeup
it takes off my makeup like a dream
completely removes all of my makeup
and removes makeup so efficiently.
it works really well on melting off your makeup
rub it over my stubborn eye makeup
for days i plan on putting on additional makeup after the cleanse
it removes the makeup
removes makeup very easily
i love that i don't need a harsh makeup remover!
i've noticed that my makeup looks better when i use this in the morning before applying makeup
well this one really melted off my makeup!
it does melt away makeup
this cleanser does such a good job at removing long term makeup
works great to remove heavy makeup
overall it's a great makeup remover
please stop using this as your first cleanse to remove makeup
you want the ingredients to go on skin that's had the makeup removed
it does a good job at removing my makeup with exception to my waterproof gel liner
as it does such a great job of removing all makeup
if i'm wearing makeup or have products on my face i will go in first with a makeup removing wipe or whatever you want to use to remove it
doesn't remove eye makeup as well as i'd like it to
removes all remaining makeup leaving super soft skin
i really wanted something that would basically eliminate my need to use makeup remover wipes
i feel it does a great job at removing my makeup
just to remove my face makeup
it does absolutely nothing for my eye makeup
this product will remove even the most stubborn of makeup
after using a makeup wipe to take off makeup i use this to take off remainder
not a trace of makeup left on my skin.
it removes all traces of makeup without drying my skin
it removes the days' makeup
this product helps remove makeup
removed makeup well- nasty smell though
great with makeup removal
this stuff really takes off not only my makeup
i look forward to taking my makeup off.
i wear mineral makeup
like to remove my makeup with an oil or gelee
this removes all my makeup gently
when i wiped off my face post-cleanse with toner on a cotton pad there was no residual makeup left behind
i can use this as an eye makeup remover
from mascara to tough long wearing makeup
this is gentle yet removes all my long-wear makeup
i only use eye makeup remover
i wiped my face with a makeup wipe
the mask doesn't show on the face.
under my eye makeup
will keep it in my beauty routine
when i was makeup free
it removes all my makeup
it really takes makeup
this product has completely replaced my makeup wipes
i don't really use it as a make up remover
i just wanted to make it clear that i don't use this as a makeup remover
i prefer to first use a micellar water to remove my makeup
so this review is not about it's makeup removing capability
to the point where it is hard to put on makeup
this is way better than the traditional makeup removing cloths
the product does melt your makeup away.
this stuff is amazing when it comes to melting away your makeup
before i was just using wipes
after washing off your makeup your face feels so
as this product melted all of my makeup off
usually i just use a simple makeup wipe
the wipe doesn't always melt my waterproof makeup
i always use this first to get off all of my eye makeup
it removes all the makeup
takes all the makeup off
so little to take off a full face of makeup!
i usually get most of my makeup off with a wipe or micellar water
don't use it to removed my makeup
c. so i would never use this to remove makeup.
there was always something whether i had to use to cleansers to get off my eye makeup or it didn't take my makeup off at all
it takes off my eye makeup as well
this is a good product to remove most of the makeup
it does a good job of removing all the eye makeup especially the waterproof ones
this does a great job of removing make-up
it does truly melt away makeup
easy way to get off all of your makeup
rub it where you have the most makeup first
you will be left with no makeup
it will truly get off every drop of your makeup
i would still have makeup left over on my eyes not this
a long as i put on makeup for the day
took most of my makeup off
this stuff just completely cleanses my face from any makeup
great at removing waterproof makeup
removing mascara has never been easier without any irritation either
i would recommend this to anyone who wears a full face of makeup all day
i never wake up with any residual eye makeup
it removes waterproof eye makeup
especially if i'm wearing heavy makeup or waterproof products
does not sting when rubbing eye makeup off
took off all of my makeup
have to wash it before putting on makeup/even leaving the house
i noticed that this cleanser doesn't always take off all my makeup
i've never been the person to care much about removing my makeup aka make-up wipes used to be my best friends
after doing some research on make-up removing wipes
this is definitely a staple in daily makeup removal routine
it worked great to remove my makeup
would often take off makeup with olive oil
after concerts with a lot of eye makeup
none worked as well on eye makeup
it is the only product that loosens up all of my makeup without hurting my eyes
this stuff is so wonderful for removing makeup!
i will say that this should be used as any makeup remover would
use this to remove the makeup then use a regular cleanser to really get the job done
it's a dream team for makeup removing
including stubborn eye makeup
it gets all the makeup including the thick sunscreen i use under my makeup
easy to remove eye makeup too
works really well to get all the leftover makeup
in taking off makeup because it doesn't dry or pull skin
it removes all my makeup easily.
it works really well at removing my waterproof makeup
rinse to easily get rid of any eye makeup
even with waterproof makeup the overall routine is less than 3 minutes
i remove my make up with a wipe first
this took my makeup off effortlessly
it takes off all of my makeup even mascara
also works great for eye makeup removal!
i wouldnt recommend using this for removing your eyeliner
i will never remove my makeup any other way ever again
so at night i wiped off my makeup
purity wash as i do when i wear makeup
this is the absolutely best makeup remover i have ever used
you should always cleanse your skin twice if removing makeup
it really does melt off my makeup
took off my waterproof mascara along with all of my other makeup
this cleanser does exactly what it says- melts the makeup right off
left no traces of makeup
no fiddling with a separate eye makeup remover
no makeup residue remained at all.
i took 1 star off because i didn't like it for removing eye makeup
i think it does a great job of removing eye makeup as well as my long wearing foundation
it takes off heavy eye makeup
once to get off makeup
it breaks down all my makeup
this removes makeup and makes my skin feel great.
this removes alllll your make up
my face looks clean and makeup free.
i've become more diligent about cleaning my face at night because i find it relaxing to use this to remove makeup
it does remove all of the makeup
however, my favorite is boscia makeup breakup.
it works the best at getting my eye makeup off
not so much getting eye makeup off
everyone keeps posting that it doesn't cleanse their skin
it's for taking off your makeup
then use your face wash
if your face is full of makeup
not pushing makeup around
i don't mind using a stick to remove product
this cleanser removes makeup better than anything i've ever tried
all of it comes off without any need to scrub
i do usually follow it up with something else as a second cleanse as its strength seems to lie in makeup removal over skin cleansing
it really works to remove makeup.
breaks down even the toughest of makeup
it also gets rid of long lasting makeup with ease
wash it with this
i couldn't tell if it was in fact removing my makeup
no residual makeup left
it actually removes every trace of makeup in one go
it removes all your makeup
it melted all of the makeup on my face
it removes even the most stubborn of makeup
the most amazing thing is that it removes all my waterproof eye makeup
it removes my make up very easily!
this one removes makeup the best
removes all face and eye makeup.
i melts all my makeup off at the end of the day.
every one i've tried only smeared my makeup around
it still gets my makeup off well- face makeup for sure
this takes off all my makeup, even mascara.
this takes all my makeup off
to be honest ive always had problems using oil to remove my makeup
removes every bit of my make up so quickly
it really does thoroughly remove make up
i felt like it wasn't truly removing all my makeup
my makeup practically melts off my face
it removes all makeup
even stubborn eye makeup
leaves no residue no trace of makeup at all that after i go in w my clarisonic it's still white like as if i wasn't wearing any makeup at all
this is the only makeup remover that actually works for me
i wear a lot of heavy waterproof eye makeup
takes off waterproof makeup
this oil removes all of my makeup
the massaging motion also helps to take all the makeup off
it also takes off mascara and any eye makeup.
much better than the other makeup remover by shiseido
since i use a lot of waterproof eye makeup
so gentle at removing any and all makeup.
shiseidos perfect cleansing oil is the absolute secret for removing everything off
it's meant to remove your makeup.
makeup wears great over this-use coverfx
the makeup artist for one of my makeup sessions at sephora used the dr
or interfere with any of my eye makeup
it provides a nice base for my makeup
i often wear it completely alone without makeup
after o shower or before putting on makeup
i will always take care of my skin if i plan to wear makeup
like to wear under my makeup as well.
i cannot wear the non-chemical sunblock because it leaves a white film on my face that makes me look like i'm wearing makeup 10 shades too light
sometimes i throw on my no makeup makeup from the line
my makeup goes on smooth
the light weight doesn't feel heavy under my makeup
it's as if it self-adjusts to the needs of my skin
makes my makeup look amazing!
i even use it under makeup when i am exceptional dry
you can even use this under makeup!!
its pretty obvious when i wear makeup
i wear mineral makeup which
that it was gross even putting makeup on top of it
my makeup applied smooth
works well under makeup.
i figure it will do a great job with washable makeup
it works better than any makeup remover i've ever tried
use this cleanser to take all my makeup off
it does a great job removing my eye makeup
it's great as a makeup remover.
if i have a full face of makeup on it does take me 2 washes
i especially love that it takes off my eye makeup without harsh scrubbing or stinging
removed facial makeup completely
also gets everything off my face including eye makeup without me having to scrub like crazy
really love this cleanser: it takes all of my makeup off
i wear makeup daily
am happy to say it removes all of my makeup
it is insane for removing waterproof makeup
it removes even the toughest of liners
i don't find it "strong" enough for a nighttime cleanse to get makeup off
you don't always need the same level of cleansing depending on the level of makeup
it removes my makeup
this is my favorite face wash i've ever used.
i used it to shave my face
it not only removed all of my makeup with little effort
takes off my makeup
thoroughly removes it all the first time
it does remove makeup well
effective enough to remove all traces of my makeup
i am very lazy when it comes to makeup removal
i also wear makeup
not a trace of makeup afterwards
it does an excellent job at removing makeup including mascara
i absolutely won't spend a lot of money for cleansers because i think their purpose is to remove makeup
have to use something else to remove eye makeup that's he only downfall
not only does it remove all my makeup every time
it removes all of my heavy makeup with two pumps
it seems to take longer for oil to break through my makeup
removes all of my makeup
it does remove my makeup and has a decent smell.
however i still have to use makeup remover specific to the eyes to remove my waterproof mascara
otherwise this foam is great for removing face makeup
it removes my eye makeup thoroughly as well
thank you for making this face wash
it removes make up
makes my makeup go right on
also removes makeup like a dream
takes out my eye makeup however
now i know it doesn't take off eye makeup
i always felt that i needed a separate eye makeup remover anyhow
i remove my makeup and follow up with a cleanser.
my makeup comes off super easily.
a quick tip is i use this after washing my face or when i'm lazy i use this after i use a makeup facial wipe
mpt to remove my makeup every night
this face wash is amazeballs!
i love that it only takes one pump of this cleanser to take off makeup
as well as all traces of makeup
my makeup applied perfectly the next day.
after i apply makeup
i could apply my makeup this morning without any lotion
my makeup looks so much better the following day
makeup goes on more smoothly afterwards.
i usually am an oily mess within 2 hours of makeup even with a mattifying primer
it does not take a lot of the serums to cover my face
even go with no makeup at all
i needed less makeup
my makeup glides right over it with minimal moisturizer on top
i did try reapplying it like they suggest over makeup
they set nicely on my makeup
softens which is great without makeup or if you are adding foundation
also, it can go on over your makeup!
much like other reviewers i use this under my makeup
mix it with estée lauder double wear
it definitely helps my makeup stay put
easing lines immediately before you put on your makeup
this serum also works as an incredible makeup primer
my makeup now lasts all day
adhere to the skin without makeup breaking apart
i applied this before my makeup
before i start putting on my makeup
they're not all that noticeable until i put face makeup on
i can't reapply while at work
my mid-day makeup fix starts with a boscia blotting linen on my t-zone
patting it does not disturb your existing makeup.
no shine at all
reapplying it over foundation isn't good.
i love the way my makeup looks using this serum as a base
i apply on the face
makeup goes on smoothly
helps prevent makeup from settling into lines
have also used it under my makeup
it's an amazing primer under makeup during the day when applied on slightly damp skin
i let it absorb into my skin while applying eye makeup
i wash my face day
removes makeup and skin feels fresh .
use after i remove my make up and then cleanse.
i've used this makeup remover for several days
i love that it removes my makeup easily
even eye makeup without burning my eyes
it removes makeup easily
do remove make up well
though i just like to wash my face after removing make up
i also use this to wipe my face clean in the morning instead of washing my face
it does what it says by removing makeup
it blew me away with how effective it was in removing makeup
it really takes off the makeup
when i'm not wearing makeup it is my cleanser
it also took off all my makeup
doesn't leave a film on the skin.
or at night i will use it to remove my face makeup before i go in with my clarisonic that way my clarisonic is not plummeting all that makeup into my skin
it helps get rid of the excess oil on my face without removing the benefits of my night time routine
removes any grime/makeup that i didn't catch with my double cleansing
it's perfect for removing makeup
i've used it to remove makeup
i don't actually use it every day because i'd rather use an actual face wash to remove makeup
i want to get my makeup off
it does a great job of removing my cushion makeup
the product removes makeup without stripping my skin
this is my go-to makeup remover anyt timeof day- at the gym
takes off face makeup
it removes your makeup
this toner not only removes all traces of makeup
i don't normally wear foundation or much face makeup
it does remove eye makeup
this product works nicely to remove residues that makeup remove
perfect for right after cleansing to get any remaining makeup or dirt off your face
it really does a wonderful job of cleansing without stripping my face
takes makeup off like a dream
it really helps getting my eye makeup off.
so great for cleansing the face as well as removing makeup
it works like magic on removing my make up
use it all over face for easy removal of all makeup
it removes make up so easily
legit this stuff has changed my make up removing routine
it does remove all the make up including waterproof mascara
i found that makeup removing wipes were really drying
caused me to have to really rub my face to get the makeup off
my makeup swipes right off
for reviewers saying that this does not remove makeup well: i recommend using this after you're done with cleansing your face
took all my makeup off
it really seems to get rid of all my makeup
way more than a makeup removing towelette
it took off all of my makeup with absolutely no problem at all
it will remove all your makeup
it removes any makeup
have used after halloween makeup
removes makeup well enough
i also use foam cleaner after using this product to make sure all makeups are gone
this is honestly the best makeup remover i think i have ever used
takes off all makeup and leaves skin clean/clear.
aka full face of makeup
if you wear light makeup like i do
it doesn't do very well with eye makeups
its great for whole face makeup removal
it gets most of my eye makeup off with one cotton pad
after removing makeup my skin feels soft
it also removes eye make with a swipe!!
it does a great job cleansing makeup and dirt.
it took off the makeup that my regular cleanser
literally removes my makeup
face scrubs leave behind
i don't need to saturate the cotton round to get my makeup off
most makeup removers would irritate my face very badly
it actually gets all of my makeup off
wear heavy makeup that is made to last
my makeup is completely removed
it doesn't sting my eyes or feel greasy in any way like regular eye makeup remover
makeup--including kvd tattoo liner
i am not a fan of cleansing waters as the sole way to remove your makeup
i recommend using an exfoliating cotton pad if you want to make this the primary way to remove makeup
its also great for removing makeup
finally a makeup remover that is non irritating that really removes makeup with no harsh chemicals
this is great for eye makeup removal
i mainly use this to remove my face
i do wear full makeup most days.
it removes it all.
regular mascara it removes with ease
so a star taken off for saying the rinse is optional
great for removing the remaining traces of makeup
those things never remove all your makeup
i don't like to wash my face when i still have makeup on
it removes all excess makeup
it even takes off eye makeup without any sting whatsoever
i don't rely on this to take off all my makeup.
a little of this on a cotton pad gets any residual makeup off
i don't really use it as a make-up remover
i replace it with my morning face cleaning step.
even under makeup if it is applied very lightly
i will wash my face
makeup look really good
not use it under makeup
then i'd apply my spf and makeup !
my mother who does not wear makeup periods
once under my makeup primer
wait 10 minutes before putting on any additional moisturizer or makeup
it removes any trace of makeup that might have been left on my face
i didn't even have to wear makeup.
this is the only face wash that keeps my skin clear
this is a great face wash
that it will stain your clothes
this face wash is just like the supermud clearing mask
i changed my makeup
decided to completely splurge on the face wash
i finally feel confident enough to not wear makeup
its the most amazing thing for washing my face after wearing makeup all day
it removes makeup as well
so don't wear anything you favor because if got on clothes it will stain
makes my makeup look so good
it removes all traces of makeup
my new favorite face wash!
i recommend removing your make up before using this to get the full effect
creates a great canvas for makeup
takes the makeup off
wait to put my makeup until it soaks in
i wear my makeup on top of it with no problem
after taking off makeup
cleans off my makeup beautifully
at night i use it to take off my eye makeup
wouldn't use this as a make up remover
it doesnt work as well as a makeup remover
especially when you have thick makeup on
performances to remove waterproof eye-make up
it takes off my makeup
i double cleanse in the evening when removing makeup
it takes off makeup beautifully
its great at removing all my makeup
i put on base makeup almost every day
washing off of makeup this is a god send
my go-to eye makeup remover is clinique take off the day
it works really well at removing makeup.
i will use a cheaper makeup remover if i have a full face of makeup
i don't think i'd use it as a primary makeup remover
i like other eye makeup removers just fine
it removes all of my makeup
it even removes benefit's they're real mascara which is not easy to do
nourishing that you don't want to waste it on removing makeup
i apply onto my face dry after i've removed my makeup with tata's oil cleanser
do not use to remove eye makeup as it will sting your eyes
light but removes dirt (not makeup).
i don't use this to remove makeup
that is too expensive just to remove makeup
this won't remove your makeup
note-this won't remove makeup
it does a good job cleaning the skin without stripping it
you must remove your makeup prior to using this cleanser
this is not to remove makeup.
it feels so luxurious on my skin while still taking off all of my makeup
i wouldn't use this to remove makeup or around the eyes
remove eye makeup with an eye makeup remover
i always use a cleansing oil before using makeup at night
effectively removes all makeup while leaving my skin feeling clean as a whistle
i feel comfortable going out without makeup
it is perfect under my makeup
i love how it sets my makeup
i find since using this product on my dry skin my makeup applies so flawlessly
works great under any makeup
its great before makeup application.
it has worked really well under my makeup
i feel like my makeup goes on well over it
let it sit for like 5 minutes before applying my makeup
making it perfect for under makeup
i will say that keeping the area moisturized allows my makeup to better do it's job
day under my makeup even
i do not wear a lot of makeup
it takes off all my makeup including water proof mascara without any trouble
i only use it to take my makeup off
it removes all makeup as an added bonus.
i am just careful to remove all traces of makeup each day before bed
completely removes make up- including mascara in just two pumps
this face wash removed my long wear make up without stripping my skin
it removed my makeup
then at night to get rid of everything from sunscreen
i don't wear foundation
this is the only oil based cleanser that gets all my makeup off
i wear a full face of makeup most days so need something to really cleanse my face thoroughly
i can see my makeup literally melting away.
this is great to take off face makeup
it removes all my make up in one wash
it pulled all my makeup off in one wash.
gets rid of all my makeup
it removes all make up
it effectively removes makeup in the evenings
it would remove all my makeup
it doesn't fully remove all eye makeup on its own
this was the only oil based cleanser that removed my makeup
for eye makeup this product is effective
it's worked great as a makeup remover
may not best at removing eye makeup
it's also very effective at removing my mascara
makeup off of my face without stripping it or making it feel dry
removes your makeup flawlessly
this is a fantastic makeup remover which doesn't dry out my skin
amazing at taking off makeup
i also wear a full face of makeup
i've always struggled with finding a cleanser that actually removes all my make up
how it wipes off my eye makeup
it does a wonderful job at removing all types of makeup
i didn't think an oil on a dry face would remove all my makeup
not only is this oil a complete makeup remover
this oil does a great job of removing makeup
takes off any eye makeup very easily
i wear full coverage makeup so tried this cleansing oil
i love it cause my cleanser doesnt have to do so much work removing makeup
i wear a full face of makeup about 5 days a week
i don't know if it's good at removing eye makeup or not bc i use bioderma first to remove my eye makeup
then use this for the rest of my makeup
can work really well to remove this mascara
remove my makeup just perfectly
my makeup looks better
i also don't feel like it would remove the makeup products that i prefer to use
i've never used a oil to remove my makeup
there was no makeup left on my face
it did not remove my makeup as good as micellar water does
takes off all my face makeup
though i don't wear a lot of makeup
it effectively removes all traces of makeup
makeup without clogging skin
with my skin not stripped
i never really understood the term "double cleanse" until my facial girl went into detail how important removing the makeup in order to properly cleanse your skin
it's oil-- which breakdowns the makeup on the surface
this product cleaned my full face of makeup with eye shadow
extremely well versus makeup wipes.
it also works really well to take off makeup
it took off all my makeup
washing the makeup off my face was a big worry for me
i no longer worry about applying makeup during the day
i usually remove my eye makeup with a bi-phase eye make-up remover first
it removes all of my makeup
it is a lightweight oil that immediately breaks down makeup
i've never had a cleanser or makeup wipe that hasn't left my face inflamed
has anyone tried this before their makeup?
sometimes up to 4 pumps to remove heavy makeup
i usually just use the neutrogena makeup wipes to take my makeup off before cleansing at the end of the night
it does a pretty good job at removing the makeup
which impressed me because i wear a pretty heavy full face of makeup almost every day
it takes all my full coverage makeup away
it successfully removes all of my makeup
this cleansing oil works great for removing all of my makeup
i don't wear makeup a lot
it removes makeup better than other products
removes makeup very well
it takes off all the makeup with just two pumps.
really gets all the makeup off.
it removes all of my makeup except for the mascara
i also don't have to pull at my skin at all to remove makeup when i use this
i first apply it to my skin with makeup on
haven't used this alone to remove my makeup
i did notice that this removes every last bit of what's remaining after the first cleanse
tatcha cleansing oil is the absolute best product for removing makeup
i finally decided to try out a cleansing oil to remove my makeup
take off all my makeup.
i don't wear makeup everyday
removes everything in one go
works very well as a makeup remover
i do need to use 2 pumps to really remove all my makeup
which is impressive since i use this every night when i wear makeup
only wear makeup 4-5 days a week
it takes off all of my makeup easily
the downside of this product is that it only removes some of the makeup
goes on as an oil to remove makeup
use it to take off makeup without being too rough on the skin
remove my eye makeup
removes all my makeup
this oil removes all my makeup
removes my makeup better than anything i've used before
most cleansers still leave behind some residual makeup
this removes every last trace of makeup from my face without removing all of the moisture
take the time to have a sephora mini facial
it wears great under makeup
the makeup doesn't cake up
on the contrary the makeup goes on smoothly
i love to put coconut oil on my lips or remove eye makeup with it
i've found it's light enough to wear under makeup as well
during my makeup routine
allows me to apply makeup over it seamlessly
that covers my entire face
it would still "show" through makeup
i actually wear less makeup because i'm loving my skin
my plan was to swatchety swatch makeup to my heart's content to make myself feel better
i feel great not wearing makeup.
i put a full coat on my face
i do recommend a facial oil to apply right after
i realized one of my face polishes
now the price tag on this makes me want to pull my hair out
no longer at night do i have to apply my face masks in a multitude of colors
glowing without an ounce of makeup
you will not experience the stripping or that soapy residue fee that accompanies most barsl
it does a great job of taking off my makeup after a long day
it removes my non-waterproof makeup nicely
it literally removes all of your face makeup
a small amount of this soap really goes a long way in washing away your makeup
it removes all my makeup
i wash off all of my makeup with it
it completely cleans off makeup
i wash with the juju bar at night to help clean away any leftover makeup
manages to gets all of my makeup off
i also like that i can use it to remove eye makeup
have been using it at night after removing my make up with my shu uemura makeup removing oil
on days when i wear more makeup
i do still use a makeup remover for eye makeup
it removes most makeup too
i've found that this is great alone on a non-makeup day or after an oil cleanser to remove makeup
this removes every bit of makeup
on heavier makeup days i do a double cleanse
i recommend a makeup remover for stubborn eye makeup
it removes my makeup
when i am wearing heavier eye makeup
i will have to follow up with an additional eye makeup remover to remove all mascara
gently removes all makeup even eye.
it even removes my eye makeup
this bar + a washcloth gets rid of pretty much all my makeup
did a pretty good job of removing my makeup
yet somehow manages to remove all of my makeup without stripping my skin
i found that they were not removing all of my makeup
removes all of my makeup
it removes all makeup -even waterproof- in an extremely gentle way
it effectively removes all my makeup
use this one after my makeup remover step in the pm
oh, and it takes off makeup very effectively!
i've also never had a cleanser that axes through makeup as well as this
my skin looks great under makeup
not only does it remove makeup
wear a full face of make up this cleans very well
although if you wear stubborn mascara you might need another eye makeup remover
it effectively removes makeup
so now i only use it to remove my makeup
it removes my long lasting eye makeup without irritating my eye area
it is great at taking off my eye makeup
it really does cleanse without stripping
gets every ounce of makeup off
i wash with the juju bar at night to help clean away any leftover makeup
definitely see a difference with texture when i apply my makeup
it gets all my makeup off
i start with a makeup remover
my makeup looks great all day
takes makeup off nicely
it removes my makeup
it effectively removes makeup
it's a pro at removing makeup
separate makeup remover at night
on the days i wear makeup
my makeup really looks better when i use it
helps take off all of my makeup completely
i've searched everywhere for a face wash that will get my blemishes under control
the peekee bar are the only soaps that i've use that don't make my eyelash extensions fall out
100% takes off all my makeup
apply it to my face
makeup off my face without overdrying
i decided to try this because it's non stripping on the skin
easily took off every drop of my makeup without over drying my skin my skin feels soft
to make sure i remove all makeup
if i am wearing heavy face makeup i will remove that first with an oil cleanser
this is really more skin care than it is makeup remover
my face doesn't stay matte all day
made me not want to put makeup on
this tends to be at night to get the makeup
it does not interfere with my makeup application.
does a nice job cleansing without stripping away everything
it take of my makeup so well
said this face wash would remove my make up
it is very gentle but removes my makeup.
will completely remove your make up
find it a major bonus that it gets off all my makeup
it helps with the left over makeup that the wipes won't get
after removing my makeup
using this i don't feel like there is any makeup residue leftover on my face
also removes makeup better than any other face wash i've tried
clears off all my makeup in the
it does an amazing job removing makeup
never have i had a face wash that could break through all my makeup without first using some sort of makeup remover
this takes off all my makeup
without the help of any makeover remover
it makes cleaning your face feel like a facial every night
does a good job of removing my eye makeup.
other than removing makeup
removed my eye makeup without giving me raccoon eyes after which most cleaners tend to do
it seriously took off all of my makeup
doesn't burn my eyes to take my makeup off.
removes my makeup as well
it's very hard to find a cleanser that removes your makeup
as for eye makeup
my new favorite face wash
this face wash is perfect for me
it gets all the makeup off
this cleanser removes all my makeup
including my eye makeup
was impressed with how it managed to gently remove all of my makeup
takes all my makeup off
it cleanses enough to get my makeup off
gets the rest of my makeup off
removes any excess makeup
this product removes all of my makeup without any work on my part
it's the perfect every day face wash
when i wash my face
after using this cleanser it cleared up all the white heads under my skin
removes makeup with ease
favorite face wash i've ever used!
there is no lingering makeup or dirt
love this face wash!
not the best to remove eye makeup
this face wash definitely washes the day away!
when i use this face wash
it took off my makeup
and it removes make-up!!
it is able to remove all of my makeup
i don't wear waterproof makeup though
can use it to remove all makeup traces
the rest of my makeup
removes everything including waterproof mascara
even removing my powder face make up
it removes my makeup without being harsh
it only takes a little product to cleanse my face
i loved that it took off my makeup
it only uses it to remove makeup on my face
i dont depend on it for eye makeup removal because it stings
as much as this product boasts makeup removal
takes off my makeup no problem
i wear a light foundation
takes off my makeup pretty well.
when i am wearing a lot of eye makeup
this is not what i use to remove makeup
i don't wear makeup a lot
it's not the best at removing water-proof mascara
i now only use toner every other evening on days i wear makeup
it's not good in removing eye makeup
i grab my face wash
best eye makeup remover
it removes all the makeup
because of removing all the hair
i never used to go out without makeup
then i take a cotton pad to remove most of the makeup
then a wet wash rag to take the remaining makeup off
works decently to get most of my eye makeup off too
it does a wonderful job at removing makeup
especially waterproof eye makeup
i love this face wash.
it takes off all my makeup
i wear very light makeup
it dissolves all my makeup
takes off all the makeup
i like to follow up with a cleanser to make sure all the makeup is completely off
thoroughly breaks up my makeup
the only downside is that it doesn't really removed eye makeup like it says
i suggest still using a separate eye makeup remover
it seems to remove it well
the only downside is it doesn't remove eye makeup well
most all eye make up removers i have tried either don't remove my favorite mascara
this removes all make up
takes off my waterproof makeup
this is the best face wash!
it removes my makeup so easily!
it removes all the make up
i do use a makeup remover to take off my makeup
into the lashes to get all the rest of my eye makeup off
the makeup artist used this product on me while doing a makeover
makeup works better over it
you can put it on over makeup
to smooth out the makeup
it's more of a makeup product.
i used it before putting on makeup
it really made my cakey under eyes makeup goes away
i need to wear a cpap mask at night
the ironing tip is truly the magic
this is to be worn on top if your eye cream
brighten the area before you put on your makeup
i tried it on in stores without any makeup on
smoothing out wrinkles which is exactly what it does
it's also perfect for days when you don't wear makeup
i put this on right over my makeup
the rest of makeup then put this over my under eye concealer if it starts to crease
it completely removes all the oil from my face
almost always removes all my water proof mascara
it completely removed all of my makeup in just one little pack
my makeup off without irritating my skin
removes all my make up with no problem
strips every bit of makeup in one try
i look forward to getting makeup off every time.
mixes well with my makeup
you can wear it without makeup
my makeup goes over it well too.
i can wear less makeup
works well under makeup
with continual use of this product i go out wearing no makeup at all now
worked great as a primer under makeup.
it works well at night as well as under makeup
goes well under makeup
does not disrupt makeup.
this is the best face mask i every use
my new go to for any facial skin products when it comes to masks
leave this mask on
i apply this mask
i used the mask without washing my face first
when i remove the mask
then wash your face
how easy it is to remove
considering i don't use it as a full face mask
this mask smooths my face after days of makeup wear
i wash my face with my clarisonic before applying it
i don't use it as often since i don't pack on makeup on my face
i noticed it was because i just finished using makeup remover
after removing the mask my face did feel much
which helps my makeup look great on the following days
it does not remove makeup so do not mix this up with a makeup remover
i go out without makeup more
this is a great face wash
i wear it all the time.
if you're into the no makeup makeup look this is for you
a makeup artist used this on me
removing make up with a wipe isn't so accurate
it all starts with a good cleanser to rid your skin of the pore clogging makeup that we love to wear
i remove makeup first with fresh br
clean off all of my makeup
i love this face wash!
this works great for removing my makeup especially mascara
unless i use a eye-make remover prior to washing my face
this face wash does wonders
it is just amazing with removal of make up.
its a good daily face wash
takes off my makeup with no problem
it completely removes all of my makeup without making my face feel dry or tight
when i use this face wash
get this face wash
it also removes all of my makeup which a lot of face washes don't
it's one of my favorite go to face washes
i think its a really good effective after removing make up cleanser
it takes off makeup with ease - even eye makeup!
this stuff gets all makeup off
this face wash is great!
you don't need to get separate makeup removers
including eye makeup remover
thoroughly gets rid of all traces of makeup on the first wash
does not strip the skin
oh works great under makeup too!!!
makes them easier to cover with makeup
it doesn't work under makeup very well
i just wash my face before applying make up
which is perfect under eye-makeup
i did a test by wearing this cream on one eye
makeup doesnt really blend well on top of it
have to wear makeup everyday for work
this removes all of my makeup
when i first used it i washed my makeup off with a cloth first
takes off all my makeup
sleep with my makeup on
i don't even need makeup remover
normally when i wear makeup i break out
i noticed how much better this cleansed off my makeup
it's my favorite face wash
s down one of my favorite face washes
i feel like this product cleans my makeup very well
it does a really good job of removing the rest of my makeup though
i didn't use it to remove eye makeup of course
takes off the traces of makeup off makeup very well :
this product removes all my makeup
i look forward to washing my face everyday
it takes off makeup so well
it removes makeup with ease and smells great.
it removed all traces of makeup
how thoroughly it removes all of my eye makeup without an oily residue
removes eye make up
it will remove any eye make up
my makeup sits so much better
i always took off my makeup with wipes or micellae wasted
this face wash changed my life
got rid of any imperfections on my face
i got so many compliments on my skin when i used this product before makeup application
i never used it to remove makeup
makeup removal was okay
it does an excellent job at removing makeup
it takes off my makeup so well
it washes off your makeup so well
including your eye makeup which is pretty impressive
you can put the wash on your face full of makeup
it always removes all of my makeup which i love in a cleanser
i love this face wash.
cleans all my makeup off
my makeup goes on flawlessly
once before my makeup
every morning before applying makeup
i wear it under my makeup as well
i can wear this under makeup with no problem
i love that it sits well under makeup
i make sure i apply this before i put my makeup on
i don't feel greasy with this under my makeup
i am not a person who wears makeup or heavy lotions simply because i feel dirty when i wear them
shiny underneath your makeup during the day because your skin has accepted the oil in the product
works fine under makeup, etc.
it doesn't change the color of it it.
it takes most of my makeup off
this oil does an excellent job in removing my makeup
gets all my makeup off
i wear makeup maybe 5 days out of a week
this takes off all my makeup with just one pump.
takes all my makeup off
removes all make up without leaving any kind of greasy residue
it does remove all of the make up
this is a great makeup remover.
it takes off all of my makeup the only negative is the scent
this is 10x better at removing my make up than the make up wipes i used to use
nothing gets rid of my waterproof makeup
instead of stripping it like many face washes do
takes off all of my waterproof makeup in just one wash
one pump of this oil takes off all of my makeup from the day
i can't use harsh scrubs or wipes on my face
it took forever to find a makeup remover that works on my eye makeup without excessive
will continue to reorder it melts off all your makeup even water proof
i wear a full face of makeup daily
this is so great at removing my makeup
it dissolves all your makeup
it takes off all my makeup which is
this cleanser gets rid of most of my makeup in one go
i'll use a wipe or micellar water to clean my eye makeup off first
this is absolutely the best makeup remover i've ever had
then put shea cleansing oil on dry skin to completely remove any makeup left over
my skin is completely makeup free afterwards!
this removes my makeup
gets all of my makeup off while keeping my skin nice
i know this isn't an actual "make-up remover"
it takes off all of my makeup
removes eye makeup easily.
this removes all of my makeup
including waterproof eye makeup
this cleanser effortlessly takes off all my makeup
it removes all makeup
for my makeup removal oil
my favorite thing about this product is that it blows any makeup remover out of the water
i used this on a full face of makeup
two for removal + a wash
it gently removed all my makeup
this removes all makeup
i like how it removes eye
face makeup in one product
depending on how much makeup i put on sometimes i don't even need to double cleanse
i feel this one really took all my makeup off even the gel liner
if i'm wearing makeup i use a wipe first then this
removed all of my makeup easily
this is an amazing makeup remover!
it removes my make up
it takes a while to wrap your head around cleansing with an oil
this completely took off all of my stage makeup
i don't wear much makeup
it completely takes off makeup
hesitant to get an oil cleanser for days when i need extra help removing my makeup
it takes off my makeup easily
it takes m makeup right off.
i remove my eye makeup with eye makeup remover
takes off of my makeup
leaving very little residue for the people who say this doesn't take off their full face of makeup
most if not all my makeup is off my face
it removes all makeup easily
this makes a great cleanser for removing every little bit of makeup before bed
it removed all the makeup
it takes off all my makeup
it takes off all of my makeup with no sticky residue afterwards
this cleanser makes removing makeup a snap
gets all my makeup off
i used it with a full face of makeup
no breakouts, soft skin, gets all my makeup off.
it really struggles with eye makeup
(i don't wear eye makeup, though.)
my makeup is going on more smoothly now.
the product effectively washes off all my makeup without any residue
this takes off my makeup
this takes off all my makeup
i now use this every night to remove makeup
nothing removes my makeup better
it removes all traces of makeup
it is also perfect for non-makeup days
the product is great and is ok under makeup.
sometimes oils don't work under makeup
after i wash my face
i don't wear face makeup
not waste it trying to take your makeup off
it removes any residual grime or makeup without any irritation
i do replace it sometimes with my dr jart micro water or my bioderma to remove my makeup when necessary
using this every night to remove makeup doesn't seem practical
i never used this as a makeup remover
which consists of a neutrogena makeup remover wipe
it does remove my foundation
/ or makeup removal as you don't need water to use it
i take off my eye makeup with bifacil from lancome
then all of my face makeup
is so gentle it easily removes eye makeup
removes make up ease
boy does it remove all the remaining stuff that cleansers
i would recommend removing your makeup beforeh
wiped the cotton square over my eyes to remove the eye makeup
i take off eye makeup with an actual eye makeup remover
it's also a make up remover that i can use around my eyes
removes all traces of makeup
this is so effective at removing makeup
gym -- when i don't wear makeup
i wear it everyday whether i'm wearing makeup or not
it really makes my face look gorgeous on days i don't want to makeup
makeup goes on flawlessly
if you choose a no makeup day your skin still looks soft
i recently have tried the "no makeup makeup" line
it goes well with makeup too.
works great under makeup
it makes my makeup st
it gives a beautiful hydratation to prep my skin before makeup too
which is a huge plus because my makeup routine takes about 30-45 minutes
so this item cuts my makeup time down a bit
i like how my makeup goes on afterwards
purchased the genius white brightening moisture softner that i use every morning under my makeup or alone
didn't work with their makeup
it did pretty well removing my makeup
then removing it with the clarisonic
this removes them pretty well for a face mask without any exfoliation
notice my makeup looks better
primer when i am breaking out because it creates a smooth surface for makeup application
the best way to apply this gel is to finish your makeup application
it doesn't disturb your makeup
i love using this under makeup or by itself
wait 10 minutes it has no effect on my makeup application
i love the fact that it can be applied over my makeup in emergency mid-day breakouts without affecting the finish of my foundation or concealer
only problem is wearing it under makeup
i no longer need makeup
ready for makeup this is my go to mask
my makeup applys so beautifully in the morning.
mixed it with my caudalie make-up removing oil
i've tried all sorts of face washes
one of sephora's makeup artists used this on me before my makeover
i love to use a scrub on my face.
i wear makeup every day
to remove makeup at the end of the day
my makeup applied so much better afterwards.
it's the perfect mix to take off my makeup while also doing a light exfoliation
i've used it both as a cleanser to take off makeup
i put some on before primer when doing my makeup
i would always just use make up wipes to take off my make up
i swear it clears up any blemishes i have
my makeup even stays on better
the serum is a bit sticky under makeup
never leave home without full makeup
wash my makeup at night
doesn't ""ball or peel" up when applying makeup over it
wears nicely under makeup
holds make-up in place without feeling heavy or changing the color of your skin
i put my makeup on around 6:30 am for work
preparing your skin prior to makeup makes the worlds difference as to how your makeup will lay on the face
your makeup will look so smooth
/or double wear light over this product
i wash my face with philosophy face wash as well
goes perfect under my makeup
for no makeup days your skin will stay plump
this is the only moisturizer that lasts all day into the night with my makeup routine as well
it even wears really well under makeup on my very dry skin
if im not wearing makeup
plus my makeup went on super smoothly because my skin was so smooth
i wear it under my primer
greasy if i don't apply makeup too
face lotion that worked under makeup
i've had problems finding an eye cream that makeup will stick to
on a whim i decided to try this eye cream along with fab day time eye gel
makeup applied better around eye area.
it absorbs by the time i put on my makeup for work
facial wash as well as peel with my next order
it neutralize my face
i am hoping they will reformulate this face oil with less blue color
i feel this comes off appropriately to not interfere with my makeup
i even use it under my makeup sometimes
and, this is a great makeup primer.
i can apply it under makeup as a primer
i can leave the house without makeup.
they absorb quickly and go well under makeup.
i regularly have makeup artists
after so many different types of face washes
my makeup adheres to it like a hug
i apply it on before my primer
my makeup is flawless.
i hate having the feel of heavy makeup or sunscreen on my face
my makeup wears the same when i apply this as when i don't
makeup goes on smoothly
my skin looks great after removing makeup at the end of the day
most of the time i don't wear makeup to work
this primer is a great base for makeup.
it keeps my makeup on all day.
it helped my makeup stay in place
i don't wear makeup
i also use this combination as a primer underneath my makeup
great to use even if your not wearing makeup.
all i really wanted was a primer to use under my makeup
this item was sold to me as a makeup primer.
i think a pore filling makeup primer would do a better job
it also makes for a good makeup primer!
in-tact when using with makeup
i really love the blurring effect it has underneath makeup
on top of my finished makeup
matteness are makeup day only benefits
t's ideal for makeup free or "no makeup makeup" days
my makeup looked better
my makeup seems to last throughout the day without melting off
it's still great under makeup
my makeup goes on so smoothly over this i love it
plus it keeps my makeup on!
it creates little pills/balls of the primer mixed in with your makeup
invest in a beautyblender for your face/cheek makeup steps that follow
it keeps my makeup in place
when i apply this it keeps my makeup stay put
it doesn't have a white cast in photos or when applying
i don't use it with makeup
helps my makeup look great
alone or under makeup.
i wear it all on its own or under makeup.
my makeup stays put.
helps makeup layer--that 30 spf is just a bonus
to top it off i don't love the feeling of makeup on my face
i noticed my makeup melted off much faster when using this as a primer
on it's own for a no-makeup day it works really well
i finally found a sunscreen to wear daily under my makeup that doesn't make me breakout
lays well under my makeup
making it easy for makeup application
i used this under my primer before starting my makeup
it's a great base before starting makeup.
i needed a base moisturizer to prevent my makeup from melting off during the day
not only does this product look great under makeup
my makeup doesn't look shiny
my makeup looks flawless for a lot longer.
before applying my primer
n the summer when you apply makeup
probably need to look for a makeup product like a mattifying primer
i do *usually* experience a shiny t-zone after wearing makeup for a few hours
it also works well for me as a makeup primer
makeup stay flawless pretty much all day
my makeup lasts all day
don't put makeup on top of it
perfect to wear under makeup
it makes your makeup blend easily
i usually wear it alone no makeup weekends.
my makeup stays all day
also wears well underneath makeup.
when i put on makeup
i wore this in combo with the make up for ever step 1 mattifying primer
i put no makeup on top of it
really helps with my makeup application routine as well
that it wears invisibly under makeup
this is smooth under makeup
makes my makeup last that much longer
i just slap on some light makeup and it stays.
it keeps my makeup in check
i also wanted a primer for my makeup
as my makeup stays on all day long with this product
applying my makeup right afterwards
after it had "set" then applying my mineral makeup
you can not wear it under makeup as primer
i wear make up all day
this is a must have in every girls makeup bag!!
this will be a part of my makeup ritual from now on
my makeup stays in place!
the makeup doesn't cake up in them like it used to
asked if i was wearing makeup
i wasn't wearing any makeup whatsoever
my makeup feels like an oil slick on top
i love the feeling of removing my makeup
you can comfortably wear this under makeup
even after applying makeup with setting powder my skin had a nice suple appearance
it felt nice to take days off from wearing makeup
doesn't interact with my costume makeups
oil slick sitting on top of makeup looks
it wears well underneath full makeup too.
great for placing it under foundation for simple makeup or for day out
i can wash my face over
makes your makeup go on smooth
makes my makeup look better
taking my makeup off in the morning my face still feels soft
i love this face wash
this is the first cleanser i have found that really takes off all my makeup without leaving my skin so dry
i love this face wash.
it covers my entire face
does the job of cleaning my face
it removes all makeup
this took my makeup off so quickly without scrubbing
it can clean my light makeup
i start with a cleansing oil to remove all of my makeup
it removes all my make up
can be used on eye makeup
it won't remove your makeup
i don't sleep in my makeup
it washes away my makeup amazingly well
i think this cleanser is really good at removing makeup
i can even skip using makeup remover
this stuff is the only face wash i've ever used that actually removes my make up with no residue left behind
makeup comes right off
this face wash is the best!
i definitely recommend this face wash.
i do not wear face makeup a whole lot
i truly love it for its ability to remove my eye makeup
i can get all my makeup off gently
it does a great job of cleaning makeup off my skin
she told me it help to remove makeup
it removes my makeup so well
it actually does remove makeup very well
i also like to use it as a primer before my makeup
good to wear it alone or underneath makeup
it also works great under makeup.
i also need them to work well under makeup.
works well under my makeup
its really lightweight so works great under makeup
it wears well under my foundation
i love to use it under my makeup because of its light consistency
i also feel like it makes a good primer for my makeup
"greasy" looking to wear under makeup
i used babywipes to remove my makeup
i do use this under my makeup and it works great.
make my makeup go on flawlessly
i think it makes my makeup apply so nicely after
it wears well under some* foundation
t wears fantastic under makeup yet still gives me moisture
it looks amazing under makeup!!
i don't wear makeup to work to control my t-zone from getting oily
i absolutely love being able to wear the rest of my makeup
my makeup goes on much better
have no issues with applying makeup afterwards
i can finally confidently wear makeup again
also use it under my makeup
it goes great under makeup
it does not interfere with my other eye makeup
radiant she thought i had makeup on
this mask does its job.
i only wish that it was a traditional peel off face mask
i can cover that easily with makeup
can be sure to remove all while showering
when i apply makeup it balls up everywhere
never under my makeup
love this stuff under my makeup.
for those that are unhappy with mascara removal results
including the toughest eyes makeup
this product erases off all my makeup
it gets rid of makeup
it is great under makeup.
reacts well at night or under makeup
works well with an eye makeup primer
it won't erase your lines
i never used to wear sunglasses
my makeup applies flawlessly over it
it does not make your face glittery
looks good under my makeup
this is light enough to wear alone or before makeup to add brightness to the skin
it works great under makeup as well!
i literally do not have to retouch my makeup all day long
especially if you apply makeup overtop
makeup applies like a dream over it
see how it wears under makeup
just let it absorb in before makeup application
just to remove make up
this gets rid of my makeup so well!
everyone needs this i use it to remove all my makeup even my eyeliner
this cleanser is perfect cause it lets me adjust based on how my skin in
i've tried several cleansers lately that don't get all the makeup off my face
gives a great cleanse without stripping away too much
i highly recommend this face wash as well as the mask
each time it gets all of my makeup
it removes any traces of makeup that might be left on my skin after using my wipes
i don't really suggest using this to take off eye makeup
i take all of my makeup off before using this
sometime i'll use more oil to remove makeup or more mud for a more intense cleanse
i think it removes makeup
use the oil as a makeup remover for your eye area
removing all traces of makeup
i love this face wash!
i still have use my ren rose balm to remove makeup
after removing all my makeup with a cleansing oil
the oil removes makeup
i keep seeing reviews talking about a makeup remover
you should have a certain makeup remover
i suggest removing your eye makeup before you continue with your beauty regimen
i also suggest taking off your eye makeup first then you can just swirl the oil over your eyelids as you wash your face to get off any eye makeup residue
i found this to be very effective in removing face makeup
now it does not take off all my eye makeup
it won't remove eye makeup
it's great at removing makeup on the rest of my face
because i can now sue one cleanser to rmeove my makeup
the product removed all of my makeup in one try
i recently used philosophy face wash on my face
i get a flawless makeup
wore it with makeup too and loved it!
i also use it for my hair!
wear it every single day under my makeup!
this is by far the best cream for my no makeup days
a good prep for makeup
i don't like wearing makeup on my skin during the day
my makeup looks fresh
by 1pm i still look like i've got no makeup on
whether alone or under makeup
it does well under my makeup
it is amazing without or under makeup.
makes a great base for makeup
can be worn under makeup
i put makeup over it usually
great for layering under makeup that does not have spf though
can't use just anything under my makeup
it's the perfect consistency to use before makeup
it goes great under makeup
too much will leave a white cast on your face
i don't wear face makeup
so can't report on how a face makeup works over top of this
it works underneath makeup
you can also press this over your already applied makeup
it helps my mineral makeup stay on better.
i apply this before i apply my primer.
the cream is white, but does not leave a cast.
ready to have makeup put on it
my makeup applied perfectly!
try to wear something with spf every day
not with this mask.
the gross part is that you can see every single pore on your face with this mask on
i always use it after cleansing my face after wearing heavy makeup
i do recommend making sure you wash your face the next day or before putting on makeup because it can make your makeup flake
after taking off my makeup n cleansing my face i apply this n it literally goes into pores n bring out the remaining dirt
makeup n make my face so smooth
i don't wear makeup everyday
when i do i try to fit in the mask before i put on moisturizers
i love how my makeup looks after using this mask.
i don't need makeup!!!
once you wash the mask off
i take my makeup off with a makeup wipe to get all my heavy eye makeup off
i take off my makeup first with my elf makeup removing wipes
how it removes all of my makeup
face wash took a toll on my skin
takes off my makeup really well
on top of my makeup
i wouldn't suggest putting this on your eyes to remove eye makeup because it's really tacky
eye makeup last night
no oil or makeup.
i also love the fact it cleanses the makeup away in one step
this is one of the only products that isn't oil-based or targeted for waterproof makeup removal that will remove my perversion mascara without leaving streaks all down my face
it really gets rid of all of the makeup on my face quickly
just out this on, and it gets off all my makeup.
i've used it at night to remove makeup
it removes my makeup
it would get 5 stars if not for that tiny bit of mascara that requires me to pull out my makeup remover
removes make up like nothing else
cleansing oil to remove my makeup
it leaves a lot of eye makeup behind
i find it hard to take off my makeup with my current cleanser
it cleans everything off your face
it also does a good job removing my makeup.
removes my entire face of makeup
it removes makeup down to the tee
it removes all my make up easily
it removes my make up with ease.
most of my eye makeup
this product works well at removing oil build up as well as makeup without leaving me with dry skin
i don't know how it well it removes makeup i don't wear it too often
my makeup goes on smoothly now as well.
this oil is very refreshing to use on your face after you take your makeup off
begin smoothing the oil all over my face
the mask does each
before i put on my makeup for a very fresh look
my makeup goes on smoothly
my skin feels great for hours, even under makeup.
my makeup goes on flawless now
my skin looks great with no makeup on as well.
don't know how well this holds up during the day with makeup
makeup went on beautifully
it doesn't disturb makeup application or wear.
when i wear it under foundation
smooth especially under my makeup
can be worn under makeup without causing any problems
it goes well under makeup or by itself.
it will stain your face clothes a little
i've tried many masks including glam glow
this mask is very easy to remove as well
my makeup applied so much better after using this
this mask looks pink on me when i apply
this mask clears everything out
before removing the mask
it is easy to remove
once you look in the mirror before you wash the mask off
she doesn't use a lot of facial products nor does she wear a ton of makeup
this is a great mask to use on a blemish
put this mask on
i like this as a mask.
my makeup looked way better
sometimes even during the day under makeup
on really bad days i wear a thin layer of it as a straight up moisturizer under my makeup
my makeup, skin everything looks better!
i wash my face
prep my skin before makeup using all oil free products
i do my full facial routine short of applying any make up
i wear this mask overnight
i actually looked decent without makeup
it removes makeup well
very easily takes off all your makeup
the best part is the way it removes your makeup
it takes away allllll my makeup
if you use this you should use a makeup wipe on your eyes first
then use this because it does a really good job to clean off face makeup
it removes anything i have on
it really removes all of my makeup
all of the makeup is gone
i sometimes wear a ton of makeup
i would remove eye makeup
lip makeup first when using this because those are the hardest to remove
it is great at removing make-up on your skin
i love using this item to break down my makeup.
when i wash up my face
i went from makeup wipes
takes off all of my makeup
because it does remove eye makeup as well
removes all the makeup buy for the price
this has been the best in terms of cleaning my face of daily makeup
well this makeup removing helps with that pain.
that it becomes a spa like experience removing my makeup
it is the only makeup remover to actually remove everything
i can say that all of my makeup is completely washed away
make up remover wipes have always been to harsh on my face
think it's a great make up remover
i usually use this as my makeup remover
it gets all of my makeup off
it does a great job of removing all of my makeup
it takes out all your makeup
rub off all the makeup
amazing job of removing makeup
great at gently removing all my makeup.
it's very good for removing makeup before you use your clarisonic with cleanser
this gets all my makeup off.
i picked this up because i needed something to remove makeup
i wear alot of makeup
it doesn't always remove the eye make up
i love this product because it dissolves all my makeup without water
it removes makeup like a charm
i don't wear heavy makeup
all residual makeup is gone
this is the best makeup remover i have ever tried
all of your makeup including eyeliner
it makes make up removal so easy
this product is able to wash away all my makeup
erborian is the best makeup take off cream/gel/oil that i have ever used
i do use it for eye makeup remover.
you can use it on the rest of your facial makeup
does a great job taking my makeup off.
it removes all my makeup without worrying about using cleaning pads that might scratch my face
it takes my makeup off no problem
doesn't take much to remove my makeup
it's an oil so your makeup just dissolves.
first removing makeup with micellar water
this takes off all of my makeup
feel like it's working better since i have all of my makeup dissolved before h
it took off all my makeup
i used the makeup eraser to wash it off my face.
i loved how shiseido took all of my makeup off in one wash
unfortunately the balm did not take all of my makeup off
it removed all of my makeup so quick
beats any makeup remover wipes or anything else!
thoroughly gets off all makeup!
completely takes off my makeup
glides on nicely and removes all my makeup.
a lot of the makeup removers have that
i don't wear foundation
only a lot of eye makeup
i like how i don't have to scrub my eyes to get rid of all the makeup
i wear a ton of makeup
used a makeup wipe to remove
using a makeup wipe only smeared my makeup
removes all eye makeup with ease
it is gentle yet removes all my makeup.
removes all the makeup
it removes makeup so easily
it removes my makeup very well
decided to look for another cleanser that would also be effective at removing makeup
it removes every single trace of makeup
it's also the perfect makeup remover
removes makeup like a charm
removes every single trace of makeup
takes off all my makeup
does seem to melt off makeup
in order to feel totally clean or makeup free
mixed with a little leftover makeup
removes all my makeup
it takes off all my makeup
i don't even have to use eye makeup remover for it to get rid of my mascara
removes makeup very easily and thoroughly.
removes all of my foundation&eye make up!
rub off all the melted makeup off my face
it doesn't remove all the makeup though which is fine for me
such a gentle way of removing all traces of makeup
it is great at removing makeup
i find this solid cleansing oil does not remove all of my makeup at the end of the day
is great for removing long-wear foundations
i love the balm formula i feel like it really removes all of my makeup without being to thick
this product is great for removing makeup.
i also only tend to use it when i put makeup on.
to get the eye makeup off
it takes off makeup that are hard to get off.
takes all the extra dirt that those wipes stay they take off
literally the best makeup remover.
removes all makeup easily
i wear a moderate amount of makeup to work 5x/week
it completely removed all traces of makeup.
i wear a decent amount of makeup daily
cleans almost all of my makeup off
this is the best product i have used for cleaning off makeup
it removes every bit of makeup on my face
i generally use a cleansing water on my eye makeup first though
haven't used it as a heavy duty eye makeup remover on its own
or my makeup slides off my face
your makeup will set very quickly with this on
seriously my face/makeup looks better the longer i have this on without shine
i can wear this under makeup without any extra creasing or transfer from mascara
it helps to keep my makeup from creasing.
i applied it to my face
great for removing makeup.
it takes off all makeup
my makeup even seems to apply more matte now
trying to do extractions on my own
it does remove a lot
since the packaging is a stick i only use it in the morning on my makeup free face
use it to take off my makeup at night
i remove the makeup first with remover
makes me feel so clean at the end of the day removing my makeup
this stuff cuts through makeup
i used it directly with my makeup on
i actually started implementing it into my makeup routine
it is going very well for day under makeup
my makeup goes on better
wears well with makeup and lasts all day.
i apply this after i wash my face
i don not have sensitive skin
i wear a more sheer makeup now
your makeup look flawless
i applied this to my face
i removed the mask
i wash my face
since i use glamglow supercleanse on my face for removing my makeup
this mask does work
my makeup application after looked great
i can put this mask on
my makeup goes on smooth
it makes my face look brighter even before i wash the mask off
i really enjoy these wipes.
my skin was very well balanced under makeup after using this mask
the wipe is like every other wipe with one side smooth
they're fabulous at removing makeup
the one thing about the wipes that i really dislike
i would totally recommend these wipes
it literally takes off all of the old tan on my skin
they remove all traces of makeup.
the wipes are pretty big
absolutely love these wipes!
they take off all my makeup
absolutely love these face wipes.
instead of as a makeup remover
i can use them to remove all the colour on my face
it would be great to use before applying makeup for a snatched look
instead of doing a full face of makeup
my makeup was definitely easier to apply
leaves an amazing base for makeup
tricks when i apply my makeup after using this
not greasy, perfect under makeup.
every time i use this mask
removes a full face of makeup
most importantly get rid of the bumps on my face so my makeup would go on smoother
i'd definitely recommend applying this mask before a big event to perfect the skin before makeup application
that add to the effect of the mask as you wash it off
it doesn't strip your face
i applied this mask to my face
when i use this mask
every time i use this mask my skin looks
i always would use sheet masks instead of actual face masks
especially when applying makeup the next day
this mask is everything you need in a mask!
my makeup goes on smoothly after i use it
makeup tends to just sit on my face
i also use it after i've worn a lot of makeup the night before
applying before makeup is definitely recommended.
goes great with my makeup without looking oily
i don't wear make-up most days
i usually wear it under my foundation
it's great to wear under makeup or alone.
this mask is my fix for it
rather under my makeup
it makes for a great blank canvas for makeup
it's really improves my makeup application
i put the mask on
i wear makeup during the week
like an hour after you do your makeup you're blotting
i wear this as a primer
it gets my makeup off so well
it makes stubborn makeup glide right off
i wear waterproof eye makeup
this oil takes all of my makeup off so easy
gets every little bit of eye makeup off
when i use it for any waterproof eye makeup
it removes make up well
three pumps is enough to cleanse a full face of makeup
use this every night to remove my makeup.
it takes off all my waterproof longwear makeup.
that all my makeup was removed
i wear eye makeup every day
it removes all my makeup and rinses away clean.
this really helps dissolve makeup
is a great first step to removing all your makeup from the day
it removes my makeup completely
my makeup melted off
takes off all of my makeup including anything waterproof
1-2 pumps to remove my make up, it does its job.
it gets rid of all my makeup
i will also use it when i'm not wearing makeup.
bought this on a whim because the lady at the store used this to take off my makeup
it removed my heavy makeup no problem.
it also removes all traces of eye makeup
removes all makeup without any eye irritation or burning
this is the best product i've ever used to remove my makeup
two pumps and it gets rid of my full-face makeup.
takes of every stitch of makeup
this is not only great for removing makeup
everytime so much more makeup comes off
it remove my makeup perfectly
wipe it off with a wipe then wash my face as normal
easily removes all make up, even mascara!
removes all makeup with one or two pumps
i do prefer the boscia makeup breakup as i find it actually removes more makeup
with both products i find that i still need to use eye makeup remover no matter what
as the oil just doesn't have the power to remove it all
remove alot of my face makeup
i get the same product that dissolves my makeup
this takes off all traces of makeup including liquid lipstick
i perform a double cleanse at night as i am a makeup artist
it gets all the makeup off without stinging
it take off all makeup
this is absolutely an amazing makeup remover.
it takes off all my makeup
did a great job cleaning my makeup without leaving an oily finish behind
it gets every trace of my makeup off!
literally am in love my eyelashes have even started to grow since using this product takes off all the makeup
i feel like it really dissolves all my makeup esp my long wearing foundations that don't move with regular makeup remover wipes
best thing i've found for makeup removal!
generally do 1-3 depending on how much makeup i'm wearing that day
this is my all time favourite makeup remover!
high end makeup removers
removes most of my base makeup
except for waterproof eye makeup
it works wonders on getting every drop of makeup off of your face
i like to wear full makeup everyday
very easily irritated by any eye makeup removers
it removes all my eye makeup effortlessly
it is incredible with makeup removal
leaves my face free of makeup
i love that it removes all of my makeup in one step
it removes my makeup wonderfully
it removes all my makeup
this really works wonders with taking off my makeup
it removes all of it
unlike the makeup removers i've used in the past
i love using this at night to remove makeup
removes all my makeup when i use it
it breaks down my makeup
this melts your makeup right off!
i wear heavy base makeup
lip makeup as well
i would only recommend this to someone who wears very light base makeup
it removes my long wearing makeup
it removes waterproof mascara as well as can be expected
although it's not so great at completely removing long wearing eye liner
the biggest drawback to this oil is that it doesn't remove every speck of makeup from my face
it removed all my makeup
it does not require me to scrub my face to remove any product
it wipes away makeup
removes your makeup instantly
my daily face wash is cetaphil
it's enough to remove all of make make up including eyeliner
it is pretty pricey for a make up remover in my opinion
if you are still using make up removing wipes
i wear the inglot #77 eyeliner that can be very hard to take off
fyi----you need go with a regular face wash after using any kind makeup remove oil
cleans the makeup off my face better than any product i've used
it removes all makeup
have used oil itself to remove my makeup
it works really well under makeup
instead of applying it to my whole face
i tried this one day under my spf before makeup
doesn't make my face feel greasy when used under makeup during the day
apply it all over my face
before putting on makeup
then i use it at night after removing my makeup
and i wear quite a bit of makeup.
the makeup stays really well on top of it
i could also use it under makeup
i no longer have flakes when i wear makeup
without some makeup i feel unclean.
take care of your face
the other ones are a great way to incorporate skincare into your makeup
completely change my makeup game
my favorite oil to apply before makeup it gives me the perfect glowy skin ☄
i will keep it before applying makeup
or make my makeup look weird
apply all over my face
i still apply a little primer before applying makeup
it helps the makeup to stay on
i couldn't put makeup on them
making it a great base before i add makeup
it does create a protective film over my face
also creates a great base to apply my makeup
it is seriously the best to put on under your makeup
dont need a makeup primer after applying this
looks like i'm wearing nothing on my face
doesn't leave me shiny under my makeup
i wanted a product with a good spf to wear under my foundation
only use this if i'm not putting on makeup
i do not use one ounce of makeup
my makeup has applied more evenly since using this
she uses the face cream too
my eye makeup goes on flawlessly
also great along with makeup
she has been using this daily in combination with the black boscea face wash
smooth my skin that when i put my makeup on
this gets rid of any
making my makeup go on easier
i love putting on my makeup
looking bright enough to not have to wear makeup
i wash my face put it on
i recently had my makeup done at sephora
the girl prepped my skin with this prior to makeup application
perfect for wearing under makeup
wears beautifully under makeup
i can wear it alone or under makeup
it's fine for day under makeup
i read some reviews of this saying it made their concealer or makeup look weird
i wear eye makeup daily
did not experience any makeup smudging that other reviewers have experienced
today i can actually wear a little mascara without my eyes looking all creppy
eye makeup held up very well over this
it allows my concealer to go on perfectly without settling into fine lines
makeup goes on over it just fine.
does not smudge makeup
i can even put it on late in the day without smudging my makeup
pros: wears well under makeup
it wears well under my mineral makeup
t doesn't make your eye makeup smear
my makeup goes over it smoothly as well.
doesn't interfere with makeup
also make it hard to set eye makeup
it works well under eye makeup.
then i put my makeup right over it....
i'd use it as a night cream because it can be a little thick for under makeup
makeup can be applied over it without the cheesy residue
i need very little in the way of makeup as this cream evenly balances my skin
it erases our fine lines.
i only use at night as it is a little rich for under makeup
it takes all my makeup off
sometimes i use a makeup wipe first
usually wear makeup everyday
i apply it whilst wearing makeup
i primarily use it as a makeup remover mask
it does not remove eye make-up
these really help remove excess oil without stripping the skin
i love that it even removes makeup.
it removes all my makeup
it's like a mask and wash in one.
it also says it is good to remove "base makeup".
however, it does not remove ud eyeliner.
i put on the mask
not sure if it can effectively remove all makeup
its a mask and face wash all in one.
these work amazing at removing makeup without being harsh
plus u can put it on before removing makeup!
it also work perfectly to remove makeup
they give a deep clean without stripping the skin
i also noticed my makeup wore better throughout the day
has a healthy natural glow just like before i started wearing any makeup
their main use is for taking off makeup
was absolutely amazed by how it cleaned my face without drying or stripping my face like other cleansers
takes makeup off really well without drying
find that i have to use a different eye makeup remover
it takes off everything while balancing the skin！ fabulous around the eyes takes off waterproof
removes makeup super well too.
makeup while not drying out the skin
removes all of my makeup with no problem
does get all of your makeup off
it helps my makeup stay longer
now my makeup goes on very smoothly
so makeup adheres really well to it
or remove the lines like this does
makeup applies beautifully after.
my liquid makeup goes on smoothly and stays on.
this product is able to clean my skin from all day-wear makeup without being harsh
looks great under makeup
it goes on nicely under makeup as well!
looks amazing under makeup
works well with or without makeup
i can wear pink-based lip gloss again without it making my whole face look pink
i notice my makeup goes on way smoother when i use this beforeh
t wears well under make up
after using this along with the polish
my makeup from the long day
i wear less makeup now
i wear less makeup now
my makeup application used to take lots of blending
am finding that i don't even need to wear makeup given how well this has cleared up my complexion
my makeup doesn't settle in my wrinkles either
don't love it under makeup
my makeup stays all day long using this
it's also great under makeup.
when not wearing makeup
eliminates the need for a primer under make up
great alone or under makeup.
slept without removing makeup
it takes off makeup only a little better than the average make up wipe
i will be sticking with wipes.
it's not greasy yet takes makeup off smoothly
alone full-face makeup remover as you would burn through the bottle very quickly
i usually use boscia makeup breakup
takes all traces of my makeup off.
it wipes away makeup quickly
since i've removed my makeup
i still use something to take off my makeup at night
i don’t wash my face in the a
it does not remove eye makeup well
since you shouldn't need to cleanse away any makeup
i put this mask on
it is also a great base before makeup.
it is also light enough to put on under my makeup without shining through
haven't had a problem applying makeup over it
is great to apply under makeup
after using these products i can wear makeup again
makeup sits very well after i've applied this product
this wears well under spf
it wears very well under my makeup
i love this for a base for my makeup
i didn't experience any bunching up when applied before makeup
night when you are not using makeup
also put makeup on
do not recommend using with makeup.
do recommend using on a bare face!
it works best if you apply it on a day that you're going bare faced with no other makeup
this one is very lightweight which makes it amazing before applying makeup on
set my makeup with couple of swipes of loose powder with a large makeup brush
no tackiness and wears great under makeup.
is perfect under my makeup
it seems to help hold the makeup in place like a primer is supposed to do
if you're wearing make up i found that hourglass veil primer along with those two work products really give you a flawless skin complexion
doesn't work well under makeup
i apply this under my makeup every day
when worn under makeup
it might be that it works by keeping makeup from settling in my wrinkles
could even be used under makeup
it makes my makeup feel light
it blends very good with my makeup
not a great makeup remover
it removed every bit of makeup including all my mascara
i feel like this deserves attention as it removes all of my makeup
takes all my eye makeup off
it gets all my makeup off
the product is able to remove makeup
it takes off all my makeup
disclaimer: i do use a face wipe before washing my face
let it absorb in before i put on makeup
works great under makeup as well.
let it absorb in before applying makeup
makeup lays perfectly on top of it
this wears well under makeup
i wash my face
tone then put this on with a little sunscreen after
base for my makeup
goes on well under my makeup
it also removes makeup really well if you use a bunch
it wears well under makeup
follow the directions by letting it soak in for 3 minutes before applying makeup
let it soak in before applying makeup
s as a treatment for the ends of my hair is just a bonus
i actually use it under my makeup
does a great job under makeup
i can go without makeup
this oil wears well under my makeup --
most days i don't feel the need to wear face makeup
i wait a few minutes to apply makeup with no problem
my makeup even looks better
then shave etc before washing it off
i don't even wear makeup anymore
the next day my makeup applied flawlessly
i also like using this mask before makeup so my foundation can go on nice
i do wear sunscreen daily to ensure that my skin isnt damaged or will reverse the work of the mask
after the mask is removed
this face mask is a must!!
the scrub itself is fine granuled so great for the face
this resurfacing mask really did its job
looks clear on your face when applied
it would be great under makeup
then i got my makeup done
looks great under makeup
i don't want to risk my makeup sliding off my face
can't say how it wears under makeup
it sits fine under makeup as far as i can tell
makes the makeup apply beautifully
i wear it to bed and under makeup during the day.
my makeup doesn't turn oily
works really well under makeup
takes off makeup easily
i only wear this at night because it doesn't wear well under makeup
after i wash my makeup off
this is a nice eye cream for nighttime imo because it does not work well under my makeup
i can't wait to use their firming masks.
doesn't mess with my makeup
doesn't really get a deep enough clean to remove makeup
it sits under makeup really nice!
makeup sits so well on this product
i feel good on days when i'm not wearing any makeup which is amazing
it goes on nicely under makeup
a primer before i do my makeup
it wears amazing under makeup.
worked well under makeup
it's even great to wear under makeup.
don't need to wear a full face of makeup
works well to get the remaining bits of makeup off
i love washing my face with this face wash.
i don't wear a lot of product on my face
people keep saying it doesn't remove makeup
your makeup will melt right off
what's more important is that it washes off all my makeup
i don't wear a lot of heavy makeup
so this removes nearly all of it
as long as you have a good makeup remover to use before this it is great
because it doesn't removes makeup
it doesn't remove eye makeup very well
i like to use this after using boscia's makeup removing oil
it takes off all leftover makeup that my wipes left behind
removes all my make up
if you wear makeup
in terms of makeup removal
sn: i do use a makeup remover before using this
it removes any residual makeup that i may miss with my cleansing balm
cleans my makeup off very well
removes all my makeup as part of a second cleanse
takes off your eye makeup
you still need makeup remover
it doesn't remove makeup
when combined with a makeup remover prior to using this your face will be clean
also takes away my makeup
i remove my makeup with makeup remover wipes before using this product
i remove makeup first with boscia make-up break-up cleansing oil
note: this cleanser is not made to take off makeup
it really does feel like shaving cream on your face
i saw a negative review about it saying it doesn't remove makeup
remove your makeup with an oil cleanse
it will not strip your face
works well under makeup
feels great under makeup
it doesn't ball up my makeup either.
right before i put on my makeup
it's light enough for use under makeup
it wears well under makeup
this product is great to use every day before makeup as it does not create a greasy feel
makeup does not smudge
problem was that it did not wear well under makeup
it's also great under makeup
it wears well under my eye makeup
i can get away minimal to no makeup!
my makeup applies more flawlessly!
my makeup stays on so much better!
my makeup goes on smoothly
after removing my makeup with a wipe
this is a fabulous face wash
i love this face wash.
i also stopped wearing makeup so my skin can breathe even though i never wear makeup during mon-fri
great at removing all makeup, even mascara!
i also love that it cleans off my eye makeup with ease in the shower
this product removes all makeup
i absolutely love this makeup remover
i find this product to be very helpful in breaking down my makeup especially my eye makeup
i'll use this product to help remove the heavy make up
i did not think 3 pumps would effectively remove my eye makeup
definitely makes a difference in taking more makeup off
it removes my makeup
it removes the most stubborn of all of my makeup
removes all your makeup
this is the only eye makeup remover i will use for the rest of my life
i no longer need to use makeup wipes before cleansing as this stuff literally gets off every
of makeup from my face
i wear a lot of makeup daily-- one or two primers
using this oil first allows it to work its magic on my actual skin instead of removing makeup residue
not only does it completely wash off your makeup
when it comes to removing my make up
completely removed my makeup
however different mascaras gave me different results -- it removed all of bare escentuals' buxom
makeup wipes often irritate me
take all my makeup off at once
it removed my makeup like magic
it gets rid of all of my makeup
i wear a pretty thick layer of makeup on my face
was noticing the my cleansing routine wasn't removing all my makeup
it removes every trace of makeup
i absolutely swear by using an oil to remove your makeup
it gets all my eye and face makeup off with ease.
i don't even wear makeup everyday
i've tried many different eye makeup removers in my lifetime
sometimes all the makeup wouldn't even come off.
i really like this cleansing oil to remove makeup gently
breaks up all my makeup
this products works well to remove all makeup
i normally use makeup wipes
needless to say that i need 2 wipes
then a cleansing wipe to feel that all traces of makeup are gone
this is a great product to remove your eye make-up
breaks down the makeup
it works well even with heavy makeup on
however you still need to use eye makeup remover to get the rest off
it removed every stich of makeup on my face
it takes the makeup completely off
'm happy to have found a makeup remover
i feel that this oil removes all of my heavy makeup
it does a great job in removing the makeup
it's been great at removing all my makeup
it removes all of my makeup
it removes all of my makeup.
removes make up perfectly!
it removes my makeup
though i still recommend using a regular face wash after
i started using cleansing oil to remove my eye makeup because it's easier on my lashes
my mother does a full face of makeup
we both love this amazing makeup remover!!
takes off all traces of makeup
i really like this caudalie oil how it removes even the toughest waterproof eye liner
it removes makeup very well
it is capable of removing waterproof eye makeup
although i use a separate eye makeup remove as well
i also feel as if my skin is actually clean after using this to clean off the days makeup
did the job of taking my eye makeup off
removes make up really well also
how could some water by itself remove makeup
wipe it all over my face
just to make sure all traces of everything are removed
after wiping the majority of my makeup with wipes
this stuff really aids in clearing my skin
clears all the makeup off my skin
it removes makeup well and is so, so, so gentle!
i did use this product tonight to remove my eye
then proceed to wash your face as per usual
i love this face wash
it gets all of my face makeup off as well as clearing up my skin
this is the only face wash i will use.
this face wash is amazing.
it removes my makeup
i found it did not work nearly as well to remove makeup etc
or makeup on my face?
i can walk out with no makeup
my makeup goes on flawless when i do wear it
i can take a makeup wipe
it's not good for taking off makeup
my makeup even looks better
i don't recommend using it under makeup because it tends to peel
make your makeup look rather terrible
before i put on makeup
i did use it under my makeup when i first got it
if your removing eye makeup make sure to close your eyes then gently press
it removed all of my makeup very quickly
it removes 100% of even the most stubborn eye make-up
it even removes eye makeup
it not only removes all makeup
it removes all of my makeup
my face is fully prepped for makeup
i wear drag levels of makeup.
then my face makeup
then i wash my face
then i use more eye makeup remover to get all the residual eye makeup off
it gently removes all of my makeup
i used this rather skeptically as it claimed to remove makeup
this stuff is really good for removing makeup
unless i go to sleep without washing off my makeup
very soothing and removes makeup completely!
i know it also removes makeup
i definitely wouldn't use this to remove makeup.
it doesn't take much to remove all your makeup
as i've always been used to removing makeup with micellar waters or makeup remover wipes
it gets all of my makeup off
i'd still have remnants of makeup on my face
i remove eye makeup with clinique's take the day off
it was not like grinding makeup into my skin
i wipe my skin after with a cotton pad to find no trace of makeup
great primer before a mask then moisturer.
it takes off makeup as well!
i need a makeup wipe for mascara
you could buy another cleansing balm that only removes makeup
removes any trace of makeup
just a note: i don't wear super heavy makeup
'm not sure how well this would remove heavier eye makeup or full coverage foundations
for my routine, it removes everything well.
just rub it all around your full face of makeup
does a great job at removing make up without leaving a residue behind or stripping the skin
i might pick this up again for days when i don't wear eye makeup because i would like to give it another go or use it on days when i'm not wearing eye makeup
face makeup had been removed
this cleanser definitely takes off your makeup however
it removed all of my makeup
i found that it removed my makeup whether i had one of those "no makeup" days or a full face
when i had heavy eye makeup
really can't speak for how to removes heavy or waterproof eye makeup
i really like it as a makeup remover
this stuff actually makes me look forward to removing makeup at night
helps to remove make-up
hands down my favorite way to remove makeup.
it legit melts my makeup off
my amazing makeup artist prepped my face with this because i already had some makeup on--
i'll take the rest off with my claims instant eye make remover
this removed makeup just as well
i don't need to use a cloth to remove this
it definitely works when i use it to take my makeup off
after using it to take my makeup off i apply a tiny bit
goes on nicely and removes all makeup.
literally takes all my make up off even the left over eyeliner that's impossible to take off
removes makeup, softens face, and feels so clean!
it completely removes all of my makeup!
my skin is completely free of makeup
i'll use after removing makeup or in the morning by themself
as a makeup remover it is brilliant.
it did a great job at also ridding my skin of the foundation i was a long wear formula
especially when wearing makeup
it removes makeup completely
removes make up and mascara easily.
what i love about this particular cleanser is that it can effectively remove all your makeup
it takes all my makeup off so easily!
does a great job taking off makeup
it takes away all traces of makeup
works great as a makeup remover
can be worn by itself or under eye makeup
when i use it under my makeup
i've mostly used it on days when i don't wear makeup
how i would look with makeup over it
it is a great makeup base with protection
gets rid of all the makeup
removes every trace of makeup
i wear a full face almost everyday.
i don't really wear heavy makeup
i usually double clean except on no makeup days
it takes makeup off quickly
it washed away makeup left behind by after using a makeup wipe
it completely wipes away any make up i have
i enjoy when i take off my makeup
the product does take off makeup
easily removes heavy face makeup + liquid lipsticks + waterproof eye makeup with ease
removes all makeup and even stubborn eye makeup.
it takes every bit of my makeup off
i must say that it dissolves makeup-including mascara
takes off all my makeup even mascara without leaving a gross film on my eyes
my skin is left without a trace of makeup
i wear a lot of makeup
i wear a full face of makeup
i also wear a full face of makeup every day
not having to wash face before
i wear under makeup
i save so much time with less makeup application
is beautiful under makeup
it did in fact remove all my makeup perfectly fine
took all my makeup off
i used a makeup wipe after to see
usually i need to wash my face twice to remove makeup
it takes off makeup very well
it removed all my make up including my mascara.
i sometimes even mix a little dab with my makeup when applying
my makeup is going on more smoothly
i forget that i was wearing the mask until i rinse my face
i don't have to worry about setting the timer to remover the mask
