literally have no idea why more people don't talk about this so hydrating makes your skin feel refreshed
whats surprising is that it really does what it says
when i wash my face with this it doesn't happen
nothing else works like this!
can't even imagine how long the full size product would last
maybe i'll even let my boyfriend try it this time
this did not disappoint
you can hear it
the whole line to anyone
you waste a ton of product if you don't take off the top
decided to give this a try
i promise it is worth the money if you have any skin disorder
you definitely need this in your skin care.
if you don't touch your face
i don't care how much it costs.
you get what u pay for sometimes.
normally i buy a nice face lotion from whole foods something i can know what is in there
if your skin desperately needs it -it's worth it
i believe in getting what you pay for
you definitely do with this product
would love to order, but nothing is that good.
if money is no object to you
i would definitely recommend
decided to give it a try
i tried this cream on a whim honestly not expecting much
i didn't find this too heavy at all
the first time i used it i used it like you would any other moisturizer
you'll fall in love with it also
i convinced him to try this cream instead
does not leave a residue whatsoever
it doesn't sit on top of your skin
your skin knows exactly how much to drink up!
if you're on the fence about this product
if used consistently it does tone down alot
i agree it really isnt in the least
i think thats what its main purpose is
hadn't really needed to try it
now i really really needed to try it
this does the trick
it wasn't hard to apply
it absolutely does what it claims to do
the tackiness goes away if you give it time
i think for that to happen you'd have to use so much that the product is actually sitting on top of your skin
idk if i will buy it because it is seriously expens
if i could afford it
you know it's good when 24 hours later you can still feel its effects
i really didn't want to like it
what i don't like is the price
don't need to find another cream lol
you will pay for something that works
this shouldn't be a problem if you use it as an overnight mask
i think it is worth it if you have dry
i didn't even apply foundation that day.
at $100+ its simply out of my budget no matter how much i love it
i always look for cream that really do the job
i am confident with this cream not worrying it would make me break out
i mean everything on it
i would still find myself itching it
they all seem to just be okay.
even when i did
for what it did to my skin
did not want to love it
i am recommending it to anyone and everyone.
i did not think i would love this as much as i do- it has reduced redness
even good old aquaphor didn't help
maybe she'd know a thing or two about catering towards my skin type
i found that no matter how long i let this sit on my face it would never sink into my skin
a little does go a long way
don't dare put this on my face
i did not want to like this due to the insane price
you get what you pay for
i would recommend this to anyone i love all the natural yet effective ingredients
if your still not sure ask for a sample
any sephora they will make it for you :
don't let the price tag fool you
if you're even considering getting this oil
i'd say the oil though u will go through the bottle quickly if you use daily because it's beautiful
it's easy to keep with me at all times if i'm doing something where i need some instant hydration
another thing is this oil didn't break me out at all
once you put it on you can't notice the scent anymore
the note inside that tells you everything about the product
it's nice that you can apply this product to your face
thought to give this one a try
if you're like me
t does last a long time
please take my word
i promise you're getting more than what you pay for
especially because they don't do anything
actually makes me break out
i don't use it as often as i'd like to
if you're like me
i am now a true believer in the wonders that oils can do for your face
when you choose the correct ones
partly because i don't want to run out quickly
let me just say that i'm literally so obsessed with this oil
i highly recommend you do
try this out nowwwww if you can afford it!
another item from tatcha i can't live without.
none did the trick
not sure why the negative reviews
wonder why i ever go without
it doesn't bother me
i can't decide if i am going to keep or return because of this
this mask does everything it says it will do: lift
i don't see how i'd get more than 10 applications out of that jar
pros: one use and you'll see a difference.
the only reason i didn't give it the fully 5 stars is because they want you to keep it on for 20-30 minutes for it to dry
if they want you to do this as a pre-makeup routine 2-3 times a week
thought it would be cool to try
i am not too sure if its really firming
did not do much for the wrinkles
i can really see the difference in my forehead where i forever have lines that never smooth out
which they recommend anyways
all the good things you hear about this mask are true
i do not tend to have sensitive skin.
this did not cause that either
finally try it out to see what all the hype was about
she didn't like this one
does what it says
some people have said the mask didn't do much for them
it's not some miracle mask that is going to transform your face with one use
you do have to put it on kind of thick
if you're willing to make the investment
i don't know why people are so critical over the fact it didn't do anything for them
i like doing this type of mask to prevent it
you can't accurately review products that reverse signs of aging if your not there yet
it's always a good idea to do those extra things to keep your skin looking young
most people in the comments don't really like this product
people i didn't know
it's a great mask if you want to target specific areas
you don't use them every day so try it out
not only does it make you look like a cool tin man
definitely worth it if you're willing to treat yo self
you know how when you do a face mask you hope no one comes to the door
you will want people to see you with this on.
'm glad i had the chance to try it in my play box because i probably won't get it again unless i really need to treat myself
i might get it the next time they do a vib rouge sale
i don't feel it so much anymore
did come off very easy
it did not pull or irritate my skin at all.
i do believe my skin tone did appear more even
playbox so i decided to try it out.
frankly i wasn't expecting much from it because i didn't think my skin needed much tightening
i couldn't stop looking at myself in the mirror
is right where they tell you not to put it
you might find this a nice mask to have on h
i never really expect masks to do much other than make me feel like i wasted money
you don't get a lot of product
this product is unlike anything that i have ever tried
the brush that you get feels like something you would get at the dollar store
i guess that's how you can tell it's working
i don't have many
can't wait to try to other face masks.
you will not regret it by a long shot.
they never seem to fail
i didn't believe the whole peeling it off thing
i do use it on my neck
i didn't want to dish out 79
haha because that's how your skin will feel after even one use
couldn't find the serum that would do all three.
this product not only doesn't irritate me
this product does not irritate it at all
if this can help my skin which has laser damage-think about what it can do for you if you have rosacea
i decided to try it again
this one always does it's job
not only can i feel the difference
i don't think there is any skin care products will do magic things
it can be really bothersome
it does not leave a film or roll up when i put my eye primer
i really try to take care of it
it's impossible to tell when it's going to run out
could never find anything to calm my skin
i actually have bumps that i am trying to get rid of
it didn't let me down
i find that i prefer this
that totally did not do the trick.
now i am afraid to stop using it.
you don't need much
just let it dry long enough before you attempt to put on your makeup
i decided to try it
i would recommend this to everyone!
i decided to get a point perk of this
refreshing i plan on using this forever
i didn't expect much
didn't realize how much this product did for me until i ran out for a few days
it doesn't really "feel" like it does anything for me when i use the product
i really didn't expect much from the small bottle
i don't write reviews often
you don't want to buy a new kind
bags under my eyes better than anything else
it does not spread well
can't live without it!
gel-like the formula was i didn't expect much out of it
my skin breaks out anytime i try to add anything outside my usual regime
it did not cause any issues or breakouts
did not irritate my eyes
it does however do what it promises.
it works for me so it's all that matters.
i can't recommend this enough.
can't imagine not having this!
i don't even use another moisturizer because this does its work
it did help me fix my problem
it literally acts like a vaccume for everything else
i wanted to find something else
figured i'd give it a try
it doesn't break me out
with this product i don't have that problem anymore
it didn't break me out
'd suggest trying it out before you buy it
this doesn't burn or make me break out
you just can't go wrong with this
don't get me wrong
i didn't want a gel.
i guess that i did not read the description well enough
so soft i didn't have to wear any foundation i swear
very very rarely does that happen
why some people don't like it
one pump does the trick.
it does the job
i decided to give it a try
i could immediately tell a difference
you won't be let down.
this product does not bother my skin whatsoever
not sure if i'll use everyday
can honestly say this is the best bar soap i've ever used
alas can't always afford them
can definitely testify that it works
don't want to lose it
it may be not that evident for yourself
when you hear people's compliments
you know it's working
that makes you look younger
i didn't know what to expect from this product
i wouldn't recommend this to someone with my skin type
i do find myself debating if i really will fork out 100-130 canadian for it though
know it's going to do what it promises to
i can't live without it
people often ask what i use on my skin
which i take it as a sign not to change anything
otherwise, i like it.
when i went to buy it the guy helping me advised me the serum is much more effective
can not ask more
what they boast to do
to soon to tell but i know i like it.
this does not bother them
not only does this not bother my skin at all
love tea- so why not try this?
this one i don't feel like i have to
i do anyway because it's just what i do
it's so pricey that i'm not sure if it will be any time soon
what are you doing?"
it doesn't cause me to break out at all.
i would buy in a heartbeat if it was so much $$ i'll use up my sample
radiant dare i say
this does the trick
i don't know what is is
i almost didn't want to smile because the lines would show up
i don't get enough sleep as i should so using this product helps me look more awake
you don't have to put a whole lot because when you are rubbing it out it goes all over the eye area
i recommend this to anybody whose eyes are a big problem area for them like they are for me
couldn't believe how well it worked
this is no joke the only eye cream i have tried that doesn't make my eyes water like crazy
f you do then you might need to re-evaluate
i really can see the difference in a matter of seconds just like it claims
every time i dont wear or do
ive noticed after awhile even when i don't use it my dark circles aren't as bad as they use to be i use this day
i didn't notice any results
if you get this try it long term
decided to give it a try
i don't know if it was just me
t probably is unrealistic to expect miracles
you don't get that much product in the package
i don't know what i would do without this eye cream in the morning
although i do not think it did anything with "brightening" my under eye area
guess i can't say this is the best one ever
no matter how well i set it
believe it or not
doesn't really do anything besides hydrate under your eyes
although this product does make me look awake
can't go wrong for $27.
how do they do it for such a great price?
it did nothing for my fine lines
i didn't expect to like it that much, but wow!
don't you know people use this after getting out of the shower?
can't say enough words about this!
you don't see a lot of eye creams that do this much
there was nothing wrong with it.
see the results for yourself
i cannot say thanks enough
not something i would normally use
it actually does everything it says it does.
does exactly what the description says it will do
this does help them
i don't see why people hate on it so much.
'm not sure if this was the culprit or not
no sleep is the story of your life when you own your own business
this is the first eye cream that i can truly say does something
you will lose a lot of product.
i can see a difference
i can't say that it does wonders
this helps my long hard days at work look like they don't hit me as hard as they really do
this is exactly should be used like dior dream skin
you definitely get your money's worth!
i don't even have to wear as much make up anymore
this one, however - all i can say is wow.
i cannot go a day without this product!
i don't know about all of the other claims
it does what it claims to do!
i did notice a little goes a long way, though.
i think for someone with younger skin
this cream does exactly that
however i do notice that if i don't wear any makeup
i don't ever wear foundation without setting it
i can only imagine how oily it'll get if i don't
now i dont have to worry about which sunblock i need because i have it all in one moustirezer+sunblock=hapiness :
you don't need to use a lot it is worth the money
can't yet make a comment on anti aging because with any anti aging cream or serum etc it takes a whole to actually see results
this day cream does not make your skin break out or have any type of reaction
i think the title of my review probably says it all
if i do it is because i do something silly like sleep with makeup on
it does everything that it promises and more!
why do so when you have perfection?
didn't feel like there was anything there.
the spf 30 is a great moisturizer if you know you're going to be outside
wouldn't make me break out
i would definitely recommend it!
you can't see pores or lines or anything
skip a real primer which will just pill up on me all of the time anyways
this stuff does the trick
thought i'd give this “perfecting day cream” a try
you do get what you pay for
this is definetely on my list.
this stuff will be your salvation
don't be afraid of this one.
then i don't have to worry about another step of putting on sunscreen
or pick it up the next time you go to the u
so far i really like how it goes on my skin-not too oily
you won't even want to put foundation over this.
doesn't make me break out
i would recommend you give this try
the only thing i have to admit
can't say enough about all things from murad.
areas a lot of us forget about
also doesn't try me out at all
i think after i finish i might try something else though
i wanted something gentle enough for my sensitive
you don't need much
if u have combination skin like me alittle geos along way
really seems to be doing everything it is marketed to do atleast for me
i do not have that problem
i want to keep the fine lines away.
i can tell the difference in my skin.
it did not work
this product does exactly what the description says
would recommend it to anyone
this absolutely does what it says!
if you find yourself in need of an eye pick me up a couple of times per week like me
not badly- it doesn't bother me
does everything it promises
didn't quite have that tightening feel that this one does
i don't usually write reviews
i don't see any lasting results though
most do absolutely nothing they claim to do
truly a really good product i can't wait to buy the full size
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin
asked what i was doing
you won't be sorry!!
i don't know if it's just me
do what it says or does
i don't have time or money to waist on products that don't work
don't see this lasting long
decided to give this a try
i wanted to use something that would boost my eyes right away
i really only took off one star because when you claim "instant" that's going to be exactly what i expect
def don't advise putting water on them to make them stick
if i could give this product a 10 star i would.
she said if i didn't believe her
i should do one eye
try this one for sure
this is something i think i will never be without
can't speak to how long product will last
i love it because you get immediate
magine what it would do for you
it just made me look so much more awake
nothing i mean nothing has worked
i think i should try other murad products
can't believe i missed this one til now
parties or any day you want a nice pick me up
i can't wait to see how much better it gets over time
honestly i have determined you get what u pay for
if i miss a few days i can see the difference
a splurge, but i can't deny the results!
not a lot if you see results in a product
you don't need alot.
i especially wanted this because i don't like the way my chin looks
can't wait to keep using it in that area!
that i can't not share my thoughts
promise you won't regret it.
hardly ever write a review
really didn't expect much
you get what you pay for
i don't know why they call this a mask
i don't think it should be called a mask
my mom mentioned how i didn't have any lines on my face
this honest to god made my face feel as if there was no acne bumps
i didn't expect it to actually do anything
my sample didn't come with instructions so the first time i used it i didn't really care for it
i think this is something that probably won't work for everyone based on other reviews
it does tingle when you first apply it
it really does fill out my face
that might be why i feel that
if it's saying anything at all
after babying my sample so that i wouldn't use it all i did go back
i "never say never"
i couldn't believe when i got this as a sample 1st how much product there was
in my opinion you'll be surprised!
this product is great if you need a bit of a lift for your skin
i couldn't be sure it was happing at first because i was staring so hard
if you want something for the forehead
i dont want to put make up after this mask
i don't expect miracles
i do want to see results
i honestly didn't know what to expect
i think once you underst
this product does exactly what it's supposed to do
you can feel it working
if you use it sparingly like i do it'll last you forever
which did nothing for me
haven't really tried anything besides clinque's
i didn't know i needed a brush
you never know what you'll discover in a sample!
i feel like this product really does help soften lines
its not really something i can bring myself 2 splurge on right away
its gonna have 2b a reward for myself or a gift
if ur in a place were you can spend $90 on a product
definitely give this a try
really don't need anything else for any lines
so i decided what can it hurt to put this on.
only thing that i do not like it that now that i want to buy this product is that it is such a high price
i couldn't believe it.
trust me i don't normally believe everything that is advertised
i guess i'm going to make the effort
do not apply too much because it will ball up when you apply your foundation
i will defently buy more as it does what it says.
if there's anything i'll be using this product for
wasn't asking it to do very much
that being stated- a lot of stuff completely fails this
which is a nice by the way if you're looking to get it in the 500 pt perk
like they can't quite put their finger on what's different
now i know why the wired look
it didn't try or make me oily
i can feel what it does to my face.
fyi i don't put this all over my face.
really, you don't need that much!
think the key here is not to overdo it
i totally do right now
i never imagine i could find a product that could help with my smile lines
this product is so good i cannot believe it exists
i cannot believe for 95
i still cannot believe it even as i write this!
it's even better because you can target exactly where you need fullness
they're the kind that make people think i'm 27 instead of 20
i couldn't possibly be happier.
try it, definitely try it.
this product does the wonder to my skin.
cannot wait to continue to use
first off let me say that i work for sephora
i dont use it on the whole face.
when you think about how much you get
t always makes this product because i think it is a forever one for me :
you really do see a different within minutes
it's on my face as we speak
i can't see my lines anymore
if there was ever a product for me to endorse
most of them don't work
it does not leave any residue like some products i have tried
i almost didn't get it for some reviews you need to apply it correctly
i apply it as the directions tell you
i can't believe that people actually think good skincare will work in one week
i do not know what is in this cream
i cant even tell you if its hydrating or anything
all i know is i literally could not believe just how incredible my skin looked
you can tell a difference in your skin immediately
hasn't broken me out is a lot to say
i hope they don't discontinue it
i know others do
i know there are no miracle creams out there.
i can't figure out what ingredients this has that makes it so special
does not break me out
can't wait to try the other products from ole h
i owe it all to lancome.
can't even remember the name anymore
i decide to take a chance.
feel it will last me awhile
i can't recommend this line strongly enough.
even though i know the average person can't afford the entire line
but if you can - buy it.
then you might be disappointed.
it has a feel i can't really describe
i am going to shell out the money because i think this stuff is the bomb
hesitated because it just didn't feel like my skin
i never say i can see or feel a difference with first application
i can't leave the house without it
it does everything it promises
this product does what it promises
you definitely don't need to use very much
even at home facials will do bc even i sometimes don't have the time
definitely get your money's worth
you don't need very much
i did not get the results i was hoping for
i didnt want to try this stuff out because of the price
this stuff does exactly what it says.
my goodness you pay for what you get
you will be tempted to use too much
if you get too much out
almost don't even notice it
definitely can't afford this as a daily product
this product does what it says.
i didn't think this would do at all when i saw it
i don't think i'll ever use something else now.
so i figured i would give this a try.
it didn't do anything for the really deep lines on my forehead
don't necessarily have any wrinkles on my face yet
i can't say anything about how it affects wrinkles
doesn't sit on my skin.
it doesn't make me breakout like all other lotions do
i know it will help
can't live without it!
i can't get over it
can't imagine going back now
i can tell a difference in the morning when i don't use it
got this thinking i would return it unless i would absolutely fall in love with it because it's a bit expensive
i can't wait to try the genius eye cream next.
so when i saw this new line i thought i would give it a try
don't eliminate trying this option if you haven't liked the others
i really can see a difference
it does everything it says it will
i never want to run out and not have a back up.
i recommend this to everyone.
this stuff doesn't do that!
you'll fall in love as well
see what would happen
i cannot wait to try the whole line.
run don't walk to get it!
doesn't just sit on the skin
i think i'm going to have to buy this full size to see what a month or two can do because it's really gorgeous
i can't even explain what a difference this made for my skin
i did not experience any peeling
not sure what the purpose of that is
never really knew how much to apply
ok- i don't usually write reviews
i just read them
could not ask for a better multitasker!
he never notices anything lol
i didn't know what to expect from it
i didn't want to switch products but i did.
let me tell you
i don't know what it is about this product
but the product does work.
i can't believe how smooth my skin is getting.
you really can't have a sample made of this at sephora
you'll have to trust me
frankly can't say it is any different
all i can say is i look in my 20s now
i didn't use it everyday though cause i saw kate's video said that if you're in your 30s then you should apply it 3x in a week so that's what i did
i know that i need to have this
i think this might be a game changer
cant wait to try them
if you want a miracle product, this is it.
this is what i do
doesn't sit on top or anything like that
i don't notice any real scent either
couldn't get them to go away
once you learn how much to use
it does not break me out at all.
you cannot go wrong
i would choose this any day
everyone's asking what i use
it does not break me out
i almost didn't want to love it because the price tag is so hefty
i just had to give it a try
i do not know if i would call this a face mask
it did do a really good job clearing up my skin
you get a lot of it
wanted to try something new
a little goes a long way so you get your moneys worth
i would definitely recommend it
i cannot recommend it enough
i hardly wear foundation anymore
nothing seemed to do the job
i can't recommend enough.
overall i personally think that the price is okay for the amount you get
this did not irritate
other cleansers i tried just didn't seem to do anything
it does wonders for my face
t does last a while
i can't say enough about it.
i highly recommend this, you will not be sorry!
never thought my skin could feel this nice.
it doesn't overdry my face
i brush my teeth first because i want to give the ahas a chance to do there job
i seriously do this every night
i can't imagine using anything else.
wanted to try it out
i honestly didn't know i could a find a cleanser this good
would recommend this to anyone!
i don't use this everyday.
i don't think calling it a breakout is the right word
maybe because i don't have regular breakouts
i don't think people underst
in that sense it did not to a dang thing
and you're actually getting a lot for your money.
i rarely have breakouts anymore
your skin will love you
that it does give me a slight 'squeaky clean' feel
this does not do that
i do want to mentioned that it didn't happen within 2 or 3 days like it did for some
this one doesn't do that
i literally see a difference when i use this product
we talked about how they don't really advertise which explains why i hadn't heard of the br
it does the job
know i can trust this product if something else doesnt work
even if i'm in a hurry
i will never ever buy anything else
because you use so little product
i feel like this is a nice alternative if you cannot afford the exfolikate product
i don't think i'll ever stop purchasing it
i would reccomend it to everyone!
i can not live without it
i really don't know how i ever lived without it.
not only does a little go a long way
you really do not need that much.
which almost never happens to me
really didn't need another one
i can't turn back!
i will sample literally everything in the store before i make my decision
it does everything it says it does.
i don't think i will ever stop using this.
if you can spend $40 on foundation then you can spend it on a cleanser
no matter what kind of skin you have
you don't need a lot of product to get the job done
it does sting if you accidentally get it in them
you can use more if this isn't enough
if you're on the fence about this product
this doesn't leave anything
really cannot not say enough good things about this cleanser
this bottle will last forever so the price really doesn't bother me
this stuff im telling you is for anyone.
it's great for anyone who doesn't want a long skincare routine
i know people say you shouldn't look for fancy cleansers because they are on your skin for such a short amount of time
i honestly do notice a difference in my skin depending on what i cleanse with
i gave it 4 stars because i do believe it helped with my adult acne the slightest bit
i wouldn't rule this one out
i cannot say enough good things about this cleanser
i don't even want to try other cleansers even just to test them anymore because i love this so much
let me tell you i do not regret it at all.
i don't even feel like i need moisturizer when i use this
i wish it can do more ''soapy feeling''
if that isn't proof this stuff can clean out your pores i dunno what is
i like how much it lathers because it really encourages you to clean your face more
like by the time you notice it
hope the formula does not change
i've tried almost every product you can think of.
you don't need to use much at all either!
try this you won't regret it!
this product does exactly what it says it's going to do
i just feel that this one doesn't work as well for my skin
you won't be disappointed with either one
i hope people will take a chance on this cleanser like i did
i normally dont write reviews
why change my routine if it works for me?
i know what you're thinking
then use this to make sure everything is off
i would still recommend it
it does exactly what it says.
i do agree it can dry out your face if used 2x daily
decided it wasn't enough
i only give it 4 stars because i
you won't regret it!
once you sort that out
t wasn't like i had slept too much on one side or something
can't wait to finish the treatment
you can totally see a difference.
someone needs to tell mr
i can't really tell yet
i don't really have many to start with
watch how much you use though
whenever that happens cause there's so much
not worry about it breaking me out
t's great if that bothers you
if you don't have sensitive skin
for this reason i can't use it in the morning.
i can't wait to use it
and when it's out, i will get it again!
because i just felt like it would work
what do ya know
which rarely ever happens to my skin
what's even better is i don't have to use a lot of product
let me say it's amazing
the size of the jar is deceiving which is why i didn't give this product 5 stars
doesn't make me break out
this did not break me out
i love this stuff and will continue to reorder.
it helps so much i highly recommend this product to everyone no matter your skin type
don't let the name 'face butter' scare you off.
doesn't cause me any break outs
it doesn't feel like it'll be a problem
im giving it 4 stars only because i don't know how it'll behave under foundation/face products
it's important to remember that it will take a few minutes for it to really absorb into your skin
it won't be a problem
really don't need a new cream
i don't necessarily mind this
the cream did not break me out at any time.
i wonder if it is because i am applying too much product?
i did not find it to be a smooth
i can honestly say my skin is much healthier.
just amazing...you gotta try this stuff.
i knew i needed to find something
let me tell you wow
because no products do the things they promise
i can't imagine what the benefits of long term use will be
does not make me break out which is a dang miracle
which the other things i tried hadn't managed to do
doesn't break me out at all
now i don't have too!
would recommend this for anyone with combo
i can't even begin to explain how great this stuff is
if i really want to get some serious hydration
it will work for you too
didn't use it for a long time because i thought it would be too thick for me
i don't mind the smell it is very mild although i can see why some might not love it
i don't want to go without it
not sure what they think it is lol
does exactly what it says
i don't get oily or anything
what it says it does
let me start by saying i never write reviews
this product compelled me to do so
i seriously want to eat it.
i feel like i don't have to wear make-up after i use this mask
cant wait to apply it on again!
let me just tell you something about this mask really quick
on days that i feel like my skin just needs something
you know this has happened to you with at least one face mask
i can't live without it!
it doesn't burn or anything
so no need to wait around for it to dry or anything
i've only used it a few times so let's see what happens
i can't even explain how amazing your skin feels after you use this product
this mask is everything if you want glowy
thought i'd give this mask a try
this mask did not break me out what so ever
this mask does exactly what it says!
go get it now!
i'll never not use this.
you can instantly feel it working
i don't leave reviews
i would recommend this for any skin
i really did like most of the masks
i love it and cant wait to receive it!
buy this and don't look back!
you won't regret it!
i love what it does to my skin while i'm applying it
it does all that it promises to do
my skin definitely misses it when i don't use it.
figured i would try it
i don't usually do reviews
i would give it 10 stars if i could.
i love this when i want to do more
cant get any better then that
have it a try didn't think anything of it
you can feel it working as you wash it off
i can't imagine someone not liking this!
couldn't believe how amazing it was
it also does what it's supposed to
let me tell you
it doesn't dry right up so you can actually still move your face
recommend to anyone with any skin type
i didn't expect much from this stuff the first time i tried it
doesn't make me break out
thought why not just give it a go
i can't even begin explain just how amazing this product is
ok let me first say oh products have always been hit or miss for me
was in no hurry to try it
i am going to rush back to get more
i can't be without this mask!!
literally want to eat it as i keep it on my face.
it doesn't bother be
couldn't recommend this product more!
i don't often write reviews
if you know what i mean
i would definitely recommend!
you'll see the results instantly.
it feels like you have a new face everytime
i did not give it 5 stars because of the price.
i can't wait to get some more of it
couldn't believe the results
didnt think much of it until i actually used it
i don't have much issue with my skin
don't see the purpose of buying a 40$ face mask
really thinking not much would happen
i know it is a mask
i would guess it works best on oil skin.
even if the product did nothing for me
it does work though lol
i cannot say enough about these 4 products
almost don't want to wash it off
does not feel like it is full of fake
even when i feel like i got all of my makeup off
that's the best review any person can give
the bottle design looks the same when you're in a hurry
i wouldn't exactly call it non-drying
my dermotologist warned me about that.
can't live without it!
cleaner than anything else
if you leave it st
thought i'd give this one a try
know that it really does cleanse
it does exactly what it says in the description.
it does exactly what it says.
so not sure why it's helping in that way
i can't imagine how much money i've spent on drug store product trying to save my skin
i can tell that a little goes a long way
try it and you'll love it.
it is not intended to clear up problem skin based on what my aesthetician told me
it does not burn my face when i apply it.
the smell i will admit is probably not for everyone
if you're unsure ask a sephora employee of its possible to give ya a small sample
it didn't irritate me either
'm definitely gonna have him try this
not just feel better
so needless to say i'm picky about what i put on my face
this did not bother me at all
it did what it says.
i think i will definitely need to buy it once my sample is gone
it doesn't bother me at all
it's not going to pull things out dramatically like glamglow's supermud mask
i dont think the smell is as bad or intense as some are making it seem
i did anyways to test it out
actually really like it
you dont have to use a ton
the next morning you could actually see a difference in my pores
it does what it says
it's pretty hard to find something that will not make my face too dry
doesn't get hard on your face
i honestly don't mind it that much
i can already tell the difference
i struggle from really bad acne so bad i can't remember the last time my face was clear
even the fragrance didn't do anything
must have sensitivity to certain smells because i didn't notice anything
does what it says
i literally wake up feeling like i don't even need to wash my face haha
couldn't imagine why everyone loved it i didn't think it was doing anything
but i used it up, so it wouldn't go to waste.
once it was empty, i didn't think much of it.
ard-once-a-week mask that everyone should use
i can't what to use it again.
it doesn't bother me or irritate my skin in any way
i usually don't want what they throw in at my local store
i decided to give this a try
not even gunna lie
you can tell from the second you put it on that it's not harsh on your skin
just like it says it does
would definitely recommend this to someone!
i can tell a little will go a long way with this.
i think i have tried every single one
if you did research on all mask you would find that any mask will cost you more than $40
if you buy the full bottle you wouldn't get near as much as you do in this jar
you don't need much to cover your entire face
it won't take long to notice a difference
this product is a very nice option to use on skin from time to time or whenever you feel like you want to pamper yourself
there wasn't much to do about them
if not go away all together
i can really feel the difference
if you're contemplating this i say definitely try it
highly recommend you give this a try :)
or nothing at all
find you can leave it on for 10-15 min or up to 30-35min if you have the time
even while wearing it you can move your face easily
absolutely exactly what i look for ina mask!
do exactly what they say they will
the first time i used it i didn't really see a difference on the size of my pores
this doesnt bother me though because a little bit of the mask goes a long way so even if i use it every night i wont run out for a while
if you can afford to try this out i would
i think what people may over see is that it's also a form of skin care
this product is a matter of knowing how to use it
the kind you used to have in your 20's
it really did give my skin a nice
it doesn't necessarily cover up major imperfections
it really does make your skin look so firm
pro acne skin i thought that i never gonna find something for aging that not break me out until i try this
every time i try it
i can not tell you how much money i lose thinking
this its gonna work
thats why i take the time to right this if you are thinking to buy it
the problem is yours
nothing would get rid of them
i sit here using this
that will never happen lol
i would recommend it!
i would recommend it.
cannot live without either of them now
you don't have to worry about the product going bad if you haven't used it for a couple of months
i can't wait to see what tomorrow brings.
if i didn't know better
i guess you get what you pay for!
don't know the results over time
it's exactly what i needed.
can't get over the results!!!
can't get over these amazing results
i give this an a
i only write reviews if i feel the product has hurt me
i cannot say there is a dramatic
i don't know if i got used to it
i don't notice it anymore
i usually don't write reviews
will definately continue to use.
you don't even know that it's there
i won't pass for 20 anymore
i cannot go without this product!
i wanted to see what difference it really makes me in my face
let me just say that i am not typically a repeat purchaser of skin care products
its so funny that i trust this company so much that i'm not even quite sure what this exactly does or what it is specifically targeted to do
i still can't exactly pinpoint it
please don't make the rest of us suffer for their stupidity
still a good product that does what it says i think
i find 1 pump does the job for me
i don't want to go without it
please don't discontinue this stuff!
does everything it says it will do.
i live in arizona as well which does my skin no favors either
i got this product as a rewards sample figuring if it didn't work for my skin i would give it to my mom
asked what i was using
not sure if it has done anything to the lines etc--
it's not uncommon to break out when you try new products
i don't notice much of a difference yet
please note that i do not use it as suggested.
can't really confirm or deny whether it triggers breakouts
this stuff makes a difference that you can instantly feel
because i cannot live without it at this point
i can't believe what a difference it made so quickly
when you just really want to look fresh faced
i urge everyone to try it.
i really do like it!
then i read someone's review that said the same thing happened to her
i decided to try that
i will use this stuff forever
'm not sure about those effects
thought i'd give it a try
what i recommend this product to somebody else yes
i usually don't write reviews
absolutely recommend please go
if you're on the fence, give it a try.
i decided to give it a try
thinking i can return it if i don't like it
i didn't notice anything special
i wasn't so sure about this product when i first ordered it
if your tight on money you couldn't go wrong with this product
if you don't like it, return it.
i don't normally write a review unless i love something or hate it
this one really does make a difference
that's just not enough for me to determine if it really works imo
you certainly get what you pay for
if you're on the fence about this product
you won't regret it!
can't wait to see the long term effects
i can't believe how fast i saw results
do yourself a favor and buy it!
if you break out from this product
see if that makes a difference
i personally don't mind that
if you can't afford it
it will not make you feel oily either.
won't be purchasing the truth serum anymore- this as replaced it for sure
it really doesn't like when i switch products
there's enough to go on for your face
i finally found the serum that actually does what it says it's supposed to do
i don't know what i would do without it.
couldn't get myself to just yet because it was about $50
it does exactly what it claims.
definitely add this product to your am
you can't go wrong
this product does it for me
definately can't wait to see more results in a few weeks :
i already can't wait to see what my skin looks like in a month
this product does exactly what it claims to do.
i didn't have to wait to apply my foundation
you won't regret getting this!!
this is the best product you're not using right now
which is not a bad thing i just personally don't like my lips bare
does what it's supposed to do.
f you're sensitive to scents you might want to steer clear of this product
you do need to put quite a lot of salve on wherever you choose to put the product on cos it is a little thin
i would give it 5 stars
i would have never thought i'd like this
i decided to give this a try
i love that i can use this anywhere
i do wish it lasted longer on my lips though.
i would recommend getting the smaller jar first to see if you like it
i really recommend this oil to anyone
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that there isn't much for the price
once it sinks in i can't feel anything
you won't be sorry.
i don't rely on it
i tend to just use this stuff under my eyes
it didn't give me breakouts
want to try it out
i don't know how i lived without it before.
i actually don't use this on my face i use it on my h
when i don't use it everyday my h
decided to give it a try
it doesn't break me out
there is nothing bad to say about this product!
you don't get too much product at once
this oil really did the job
i don't use it on my face
was afraid to use it
cant wait to try the roller!
no tatcha or josie maran or i break out immediately
i'll take what i can get
i didn't have to worry about making a mess or worry about it getting all over my pillowcase
right away i could tell a major difference
it did absolutely nothing for the dry
it did not sit on my skin
i like it that much
the smell doesn't linger so don't let that stop you from buying it
don't have to get my h
i don't normally write reviews
i do get use out of it everyday
out of all the milk makeup products i could see myself rebuying this one
what i would do with this product
i don't have any idea why so people talk so bad about oils
you see the results
so how can i not recommend milk products
if you think your too old for this, think again.
see no review your age don't be afraid
sephora has a great return policy if you don't like it
you can return them to your nearest store
don't let the packaging or young age specific marketing fool you
you cannot go wrong with this
but, figured i could return.
can't speak on that
i am not one to care too much about scent
i put it on whenever i feel like it
if you put it on your lips alone
so this isn't necessarily practical for me
with this awesome stick i can smooth them anytime
i wasn't even sure what this product was going to do
or it does not
you can use it anywhere
those always look a mess on me
i don't know if it's possible or not.
i can't wait to take it with me on my trip to europe this summer
this product really does it for me
we shall see if i love it when the product gets near the end because i hate when you can't access that very last drop
hopefully that won't be a problem.
i would say go with this one
so you can take it with you on the go
they don't carry it
even when i do my absolute best at my makeup i end up wanting to take it off
i recommend this to anyone because it can work for all skin types
i will continue to do so
i can't wait to throw it in my bag
it does everything it says
if you need a light moisturizer on the go this is not a bad option
if you don't mind spending the money i think it's a fun product to have
i find this to be too oily for my whole face if i try to leave it on
i always try something once
i don't know when i'll spend $20 an ounce on it
you literally have to apply it all over your face
when i got this in my play box i didnt think id like it or use it much
if you let it sit it gets tacky
i've never thought to try anything like this before
i honestly didn't read up on how to use
it's unlike anything else i've ever used
i really wanted to try this out
i didn't know what i was
i don't wear make up when i fly
wasn't sure if it would look good under my makeup
did not have a clue what it was
u could use this for a lot of different things
if you travel a lot or have combo skin this is for you
doesn't really do much as a product
i don't necessarily understand its purpose?
it's not the greatest smell, but you get past it.
i didn't find a problem with it
this is for you
let me tell you nothing works like this does
i do however love putting this under my eyes
hardly have time to do my makeup when i get up
t doesn't trigger any break outs
if you burn this will be great for you
that doesn't hurt to use
if you want to use it all over your face
idk how i can go a morning without it!
because i wanted to give it time to do what it claims to do
it doesn't make it go away
hope this helps all those wondering if it's worth the whopping $24
i can't wait to use this into the summer!
it does all the things that it claims
when you put it on
if you want to make your skin look a lot more nicer
not only does this refresh my face
this doesn't break me out
which it never does
i guess the only down fall is that it feels so good against my skin you don't know when to stop haha
it's not something i'd usually go for.
i would definitely recommend it
this is truly a miraculous moisturizer that does exactly what it says it's supposed to do
wanted to try it before writing a review
not sure if it is supposed to do that
this is prob the best i've tried thus far
i like that it doesn't just sit on my face
i am never going back to anything else.
they would maybe keep me matte for 3-4 hours at best
i've tried other things here
i think it allows people like me to get an honest idea what a product is like before i buy it
if you didn't like the fact that it doesn't sit well under make up or have spf in it
this is the last thing you want on your face if you're putting on make up or going outside
this product does what it is intended to do
this is not for you
this does not break me out
i would say it is not quick absorbing
which is what you would want in the morning
i certainly don't hate it
this product does exactly what it claims.
i don't wear foundation ever
no matter how much i use
even if i don't use it every night
f you need something heavy
i can tell when i havnt used it in a while
although i am not sure what it was
i hope they don't discontinue it
i don't ever write reviews
doesn't seem to be as shiny even when i don't apply for a day or two
when i used this it didn't
it i have to say
this one does not disappoint
it really does exactly what it says
i did not notice any difference unfortunately
i will never stop
this is the only product that does not cause break outs
i can't wait to keep using it!
i just don't like the extra step in my routine
while i guess it will take longer
and i didn't know what to do.
i can't believe my eyes
it does exactly what it says it does.
i'll be honest i did see a zit come out a few days later
i wouldn't use this in the day because it makes me look shiny
it doesn't make it worse either
doesn't break me out
it definitely doesn't cause them
decided to give this a try
don't know that this lotion is helping anything really
it doesn't make me break out
thought i could find something better
i usually do not write reviews
if you break out here
make you break out
i don't have too many blemishes either
i feel like it does it's job
btw never buy it individual
if you buy it in one of the murad sets you get more product for your money
had to do something to keep my skin clear
i can't think of anything negative to say about this product
i recommend this so anyone
doesn't break me out
this does just that!
if you're sensitive to that
i hope it continues to do what it does!
it really does help control oil
i do notice my skin getting better
the only thing i wish that this product could've have is spf
this one does not
it does take time.
i usually don't write reviews
this is supposed to have great ingredients- we'll see
too much to ask for!
you don't need much to cover your entire face
i can't say enough good things about this product by murad
this will change the way your skin behaves
so you might have to just evaluate it for yourself
it does come out a little quick so close your eyes
i would recommend something else
certianly not necessary to your routine if you already cleanse
didn't know something like this even existed.
as i didn't really notice a difference
didn't mind trying this product
can't wait to use it under my glamglow supermud as that normally really dries me out even though i love the result
does the job for me.
especially if you want your regular toner to last longer
as a skin care fanatic i always look over products like this because i feel like if the mask is good enough it shouldn't need anything like this
this truly does prep your face so that whatever mask you use can do everything it is supposed to do
as i didn't think it would do much
i would say if you have money to spend
it's not like you can't do a face mask without it
you will enjoy this
i didn't see any benefit that way
t really does make a difference
i honestly have to say i can't put a mask on without it lol
i can definitely tell that my masks go on smoother
to be honest it really didn't make a difference on whether i used it with the mask or without
so i'd say it does what it says.
this is a really great product if you have a mask that you dont want to use up too fast
those with skin that doesn't get dry math not see much difference
i didn't know mask primer existed
if you don't have chronic skin issues like me
i don't need to use as much product
even if if your a 2-3 times a week mask junkie like me
i can't wait to see if it does the same with peel off masks
did what they were suppose to do
this is the next great product you never you needed
i did notice that my mask did go on smoother
have to watch what i use
i hardly get any breakouts either
i just tried it
i don't want to speak for everyone who may have the same skin issues as me
i find that if i happen to stop using it my skin will have crazy breakouts
it actually doesn't do a bad job either
i decided to try this on a whim and love it.
i honestly think i won't go back to anything else
this is the only reason why it got 4 stars
it doesn't perform miracles
this does not make me breakout
doesn't burn the eyes or anything
think if you do have dry skin you could still make it work :
everyone needs to try it
i decided to give it another go
i didn't realize anything happening to my skin
i didn't realize how much makeup was still on my face till i used this
i can already tell a difference
i recommend it to everyone
it's really hard to find cleansers that don't make me feel like i didn't fully clean my face or that break me out after one use
it does not dry it out either
it doesn't break me out.
if i have a lot on i just do a double cleanse
probably did nothing for me until i used this
recommend everyone must try this product
you don't need to use a lot of the product at once
i literally can not stop talking about it
i hate what it does to my skin
maybe with a little extra product it would do the job
they also have the travel size if you want to give it a try
figured i'd try this product
let me tell you, i was not let down at all!
here's the thing about this cleanser: it works differently for everyone's skin
they don't like it
i wouldn't let that scare you
i would definitely give it a try
you will not be disappointed.
now i don't need them
you only need this product
i really had no idea what to expect
i got a travel size , and i must say wow !
i don't wash it with make up on because i am still skeptical
i tried every product to help give me clear skin
doesn't cause me any problems
wouldn't hesitate to purchase again once the bottle is empty
decided to give it a try
decided i had nothing to lose
don't think i will ever go back
one pump will do your whole face
can't go without it!
i could not put anything on my skin, until now.
it doesn't sting like the others
at first i wasn't sure if i was going to like this face wash
couldn't ask for more.
i recommend this to everyone!
i can't say enough about how much i love this cleanser
if i'm wearing a minimal make up that day this alone does the trick
you will see that your skin feels
used to be my least favorite thing to do
now i can't wait to do it every night
i can't really say if it has any effects on acne because i rarely get it
unfortunately the price did go up
i will say that it doesn't really seem to foam like the description says
i would recommend this to everyone!
it will seem like it isn't really doing anything- you apply to dry face
which i can't really explain
this is the best of the best i don't know how to describe
i do feel like it isn't as deep cleaning as i would like it to be
i couldn't believe it.
that's the only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars
do get the occasional breakout
i used every thing clinique
i would just recommend anyone that hasn't tried it to do so
i decided to give it a try
you don't need very much to cover your entire face
i don't even need primer or foundation anymore if i don't feel like wearing it :
you don't need to use a lot.
i like how it works on my skin
did not cause any break outs.
dare i say, it may be holy grail!
so you can do your makeup right away
unless they stop making this i will not be using anything else
i can't say enough good things
i don't think this would be the best solution
it does the trick
just something to keep in mind.
this does the trick!
don't ever get rid of this little wonder bareminerals
if you live in anything other than utah
nothing ever hydrated me enough to take them away until this
i can't get enough of it!!
this one doesn't break me out
i tried a sample because i thought it maybe too much for my sensitive
i didn't any expectations
this cream really does the trick
i can't get enough
i can't say it enough
you don't need a lot of product.
plus if you're like me
you don't always have time to do makeup when your step out
i decided to give this one a try because i just simply love anything rose
you really will see a difference
make sure you use an essence so that your skin will really absorb the product
you'll see definite results
i do not break out
some days idk if i like the smell some days i don't
t will definitely last awhile
after seeing what it does to my skin
it doesn't bother me
this is only the second night using it i can't wait to see what it does to my skin over the long term
at this point all i can say is wow.
you will see the magic!!!
nothing like this oil
it does wonders for my skin
i just let it sink in.
f that isn't something you're in to i'd stay away
this does not do that
it doesn't break me out
i can tell the difference if i skip a day
what more could a girl want?
you won't be sorry!
i'd recommend giving this a go
let me start by saying
i honestly never thought of using an oil on my skin before
i can't even believe the difference in my skin
i would recommend this to anyone for any issue.
i do not give reviews for skin care because the claims made by most just plain don't work
it is like someone gave me younger
it doesn't take much either.
i really needed to do something!
i decided to try it
not overwhelming or anything
i don't use this oil everyday
please do yourself a favor
not sure how or why i got it yet
i would definitely recommend to anyone!
do you youtube the product your thinking about buying
like many others i cant seem to leave my face alone
its the best thing i ever did
yet it does not look greasy
i do think my skin tone is more even overall
t doesn't bother me- definitely something to be wary of if you dont like the smell of rose
how great this was until i stopped using it for a week to try something else
you only need a little
no matter what i use
it doesn't go away
it does what it claims
i can not live without this in my skin care routine
i will never use anything else!
i cant live without it now
you can add this in with your foundation
i can't live without this product!!!
couldn't resist not using it every night
that doesn't bother me
it wouldn't realllllyyy matter to me one way or the other
didn't irritate with great results
because i know how much more amazing my skin is going to look with continued use
no one ever asks what i use
thought i could go without
that is unless you accident prone
what more can i ask for?
this was the only way that it didn't break me out
telling everyone about it
i could not live without it
dare i say this is a game changer for me???
not only does it help to make my face feel really soft
i feel like if it's really working i don't care what it smells like
instead i use that around my laugh lines
didn't have any issues
i don't know why
kind of like i'm trying to fill it in
as someone else said
i agree with what other reviewers say about step 2
you really have to pat it on
they don't even click closed!
so the jury's out because i do travel
if you use it properly
definitely try before you buy
you get used to it
but honestly, i like this version even better!
this cream does not make me break out at all
so all that explanation is to tell you how amazing is this product
doesn't break me out
i don't even know that i0m using it cause is very lightweight
would recommend if you can handle the scent!
this did not cause any break outs
it doesn't break me out
i don't know if it will work as well for me in the winter because i do get really dry in the winter
i would personally never apply make up over it because it's so tacky
i cannot even feel it after application
i never imagined i would want to spend this much money on a product
i don't even have the words to describe how awesome this moisturizer is
although i probably wouldn't use at night
doesn't break me out
this one did not
i feel absolutely no need/want to try out any new ones
got my daily hooked up on it the sticky part its how you know your makeup it's going to stay love it
i don't know what makes this moisturizer so special
the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because the packaging makes it seem like you get a lot of product
it doesn't seem like a lot
it doesn't break me out
i wanted to use it up
not sure how this would go as moisturizer.
however, this does not do enough for my skin.
this just doesn't give me the hydration i need
i would definitely recommend giving it a try!
let me tell you they're the best duo
ask anyone who has tried this the smell is hella good
f you let it sit for 20-30 minutes before you do your makeup it works as a very good primer
will never use anything else again.
if you've been hesitant about it, get it!
that is why i think it would be a great product to wear if you have oily skin
does not feel like you have something on your face
this i find you can use very little
i can't live without it!
definitely recommend this to everyone.
how much your face needs
it does wonders to your skin
not because there isn't enough product
i tried i few things
i decided to try it out
and it doesn't break me out one bit!
i usually don't leave reviews for anything
i would definitely recommend this to anyone who has dry skin
i don't use it every day
this doesn't seem to bother it at all
doesn't break me out at all!
i don't even notice the scent to be honest with you
i feel like i could collect the ingredients myself
you do not need a lot of it
i will never use anything else after this
i can tell when i get lazy
don't use enough of this
on isn't going to cut it
nor would it with any product like this.
i wish foreo would actually make a proper demo video
but, i decided to give a try.
you need to wait until miracle happens.
if you start using any product with a negative attitude of course your not going to see any positive results
any time you want to see results it's going to take patience
it really do work.
you place that on your eye
can't comment on how this product works for that
it doesn't matter what cream you use
i figured out how to do it correctly
i feel i don't have as many people say i look tired
this product did not let me down
i never do reviews
hope this helps someone
if you ever had problems with your skin
you definitely get more bang for your buck with this product
i love the fact that i can just put this on
let all my makeup melt off without having to do anything else
i can't take any stars off for this product
which i don't feel like did anything for me
you won't regret it.
this did not break me out or cause any reactions
if anything is too heavy, it breaks me out.
i honestly don't see much of difference between them
if your eyes aren't sensitive this will not bother you much if it gets in your eyes
it doesn't make me break out at all
the only thing i do not like about the cleansing oil is the price
should last you quite awhile
i did do my eye area twice though
i can't get enough of this stuff!
really 2 pumps is all you need
i would definitely recommend for anyone with combination skin
if you want this product to work you have to follow this steps•apply on your dry face
secondly if you really want
you want a good product you can have
when i do use this
i cannot wait to see what this does after using it for a couple weeks
this was a fail for me
i don't feel like i need to with this one
i can't say enough good things about this!
i don't have to double cleanse if i don't want to
if you don't have one
it didn't bother my eyes at all
i felt like i could actually go without any makeup on my face
"you get what you pay for
i can hardly tell it's there
this doesn't seem to help with that
this one did not disappoint
you actually dont even feel it on your skin.
i cant wait to see what other results come with further use
i would definitely recommend to anybody who have the funds
i don't think i'd be able to use it nightly
if i could change one thing
give my honest review
usually you don't see a big difference or any difference for that matter
i don't want my skin to age to fast
i really don't have faith in all the skincare products that claim to do this
best of all, you only need a lithle bit.
however this isn't something i use alone
we are definitely not talking about hit or miss with your investments
this did not disappoint!
at first i was wondering if it would really work.
i can honestly say it does
i can definitely see
you don't have to use a lot of the product so you can make it last
f you want something on top of it you will need to wait awhile
i will never stop using this!!!!
i cant wait to see what prolonged use looks like.
i even found myself going out without makeup a lot now
i would not buy it myself, after using it.
when i received the bottle i really did not know what to expect
it's unlike any products i've tried before.
if you use too much you may get an oily looking face
didn't know how to best incorporate them until i was offered a bottle from sk-ii to try
i can't wait to try more from the br
i don't know how to describe it
that is something you might want to think about if you have combination skin
finding something that doesn't make me breakout
i would recommend it
can't wait to see what they look like after a month
as they say "you get what you pay for"
i wasn't too sure what to expect with this product as it is labeled an essence
i am not sure if you are supposed to use it twice a day
i would think that if you have small pores
didn't notice anything with that
no one has ever asked what i do with my skin
i like that this product says it will give you immediate
this really did work for me.
a little does go a long way
i mean just use em while needed
it's worth every penny especially if you want to look younger
these make my skin look like it did when i was 20
they do feel great on
i feel like when something is no longer a skincare issue
you just kind of stop thinking about it
it doesn't bother you as much as a "skin care concern"
i can't say that they make you look 10 years younger
i would give it 5 stars
i said i'm very dry under my eye let me try these
i mean i would be great everywhere else
i almost didn't want these to work because of the price
i hope these never go away because i'm going to have a real problem if they do
i didn't give all 5 stars as i just used them
the only reason i left out one star is honestly i feel like the sephora eye patches does the same job
i feel like this product isn't necessarily making me look younger
i really recommend for anyone who has darkness
it works well and did what it's supposed to.
this product does not make me break out or give me any uncomfortable feel
the reason why i give 4 is this eye mask seems not have too much serum in it
exactly what it says it does.
they really do make a difference under the eyes
i yearned for a simple product to diminish them just as this product does
use them when you need it.
you can wear them
i can't say they work super well
i would recommend them to everyone!
if that even makes sense?
none of them do what this product does for me
i can't go to bed without using it.
would remember to use it everyday
decided to give this a go
i think whatever i was using beforeh
this doesn't really help with fine lines
i don't know that any of these eye creams do that much for those
you never need to worry about pumping too much product out
if you want something simple
i wish i could use something thicker at night
i can honestly say this eye cream is actually reducing my fine lines
i do try to use it twice
i don't see my crows feet fine lines anymore
i recommend it to everyone!
whenever i put this stuff under my eyes it makes me feel way better
don't look like death when i have had so little sleep
you'll like it if you're consistent with it.
there's no frangrance to irritate you eyes.
realize nothing is really going to make my wrinkles disappear
this product does what it says
for the price you cant beat it
you don't need much of it
does not give me a reaction
i hope that fab does not take it away like they did the last eye cream i used
i can't say my "fine lines" are gone
i cannot stop using it
i got this by mistake so i said what the heck.
i hope they don't discontinue it is the bomb!!!!!
if i could give it 10 stars i would.
don't need anything with crazy anti-aging ingredients right now
it does what it claims
i love how easily this mask applies.
not only does my skin look great after the first use
it does not break me out which is also a plus!!
does what it claims!
the first thing you notice when you put it on is how soothing it is- my skin is immediately like "ahhhhhhh"
then- i wasn't even expecting this- you get this amazing
wouldn't be able to feel my tight face
know it was time
my advice is to try it and see for yourself.
this is for you
i let mine sit for more than 10 min because i dont see the harm about 15-20 min
t feels softer than i can ever explain to someone
just go in and ask for a sample if nothing else.
i dont leave reviews on everything i try from sephora
only the things i feel i have to talk about or share
go try this one.
i recognize why people may feel it's a big much for the amount of product
i love how you can feel your pores open up
give the product itself 5 stars because it does do what it says
you get a lot of product
the mask does everything it claims
i do always leave it on for way longer than the 10 minutes recommended i don't know if that makes a difference
won't to feel like i made an effort
it does not take very much
i certainly wasn't expecting to want to run back out
this doesn't bother my skin at all
not sure how much the mask contri
no matter how much i use
which doesn't bother me all that much
i usually like them
feels like i have nothing on
can't wait to see what continued use will bring!
i can't go a day without it.
because let's face it, you get what you pay for.
i did not purchase this intending to turn or get my face white
i think i know why its not working for them
f you want your skin to look nice
i didn't feel any uncomfortable when i use it
the only thing you have to know about this serum is it'll take time
see how that goes
people keep asking me what foundation i'm wearing
honestly this serum helped me rid of them in days
let me just tell you
you cant even tell there was someting there
i pray that i will always have money to buy this!
press halfway or you get too much out
you will enjoy it
you'll definitely see results
it's suitable for me cause i dont have many spots
probably won't stop using it anytime soon
this does it all
please don't ever discontinue this.
i can't say enough about how much i love this cleanser
it does not sting my eyes whatsoever
i can not say enough about it.
i can't wait to see how my skin improves after continual use
i do not regret this buy
i hope they never get rid of it!
this product does not add to any of my skin issues
you need barely any for your entire face
let it sit for a little
it won't solve all your problems
'm not sure how my skin will h
i've never used anything like it.
did not have any stick or tackiness
it doesn't seem like it could really be irritating
i hate it when that happens
this product does what it claims.
got this as a point perk and so glad i did!
highly recommend using your points to give this little dude a try
at the same time in all realness a product can do everything i want it to
do absolutely nothing to the next person
i don't really want it getting all over my pillow during the night
'm going to try it again tonight
i cannot recommend this enough
i think it would not be so nice to skin
please do not discontinue it.
does not leave a mess on the bar
want to get it all off
this product says what it does
exactly what i wanted.
it doesn't always get all of my eye make up off
i keep this with me to tell everyone about
i would definitely recommend to everyone.
it is great for those days when you don't feel like wearing makeup
didn't think anything of it
i did not have to use much of this
this lets me skip a step with light coverage
it is also good for highlighting if you didn't want to use all over your face
i wear it alone
although i wish this was made like strobe design so you sone have to use your fingers
it didn't break me out or cause any other issues on my combination skin
doesn't really do anything different
i would definitely recommend this product for anyone who wants to achieve a natural glow
only bust this guy out on days when i really need the help
was nice for me to wear alone
sometimes it's hard to find that next product that is going to take your makeup routine to the next level
i find that this product is great because it's a hydration you can put on right before you start your makeup
once you get it
had to read the instuctions to know how to use it
i bet if i did though it would be awesome.
i really enjoy it to give my skin that extra pop.
i wouldnt use it as an all over coverage
it says what it's says it's going to do.
this really does what it says it will do.
honestly you could get away with just using it by itself which is another reason that i really liked this product
think this will amazing on days i go make free
i do like this product
how ever it did leave me a bit oily
it is a really good highlighter is you don't want to over-do it
i can honestly say i was a little confused about what to do with the cream in the cap
i figured it out
unless you want really glowy skin!!
even if you're in a hurry to work
this product will do the trick
not make me look like i'm an alien
to be honest estee lauder is not typically on my mind as something i'd buy
it has become my go to product when i want to add a nice glow
i never had any desire to try estee edit products
i don't wear too much make up at all
i usually don't even use foundation
i honestly wasn't even sure what it was used for or if i would use it at all
but honestly, after trying it, i really like it.
it's not something i would normally purchase
the product definitely does what it said that it would do
you only need to add a little
now, does this product break me out?
not in the slightest because i use only little bits
if you want to take it even further when lifting the cap i would take the creme on my finger
when i first opened this i wasn't too sure as to what it was supposed to do
i knew it could do so many things
don't really like to use it all over my face
i didn't know what to expect
it's something i might not have tried otherwise
i love that i can simply use it alone for a natural
i didn't think this did much of anything to my skin
i would 100% recommend it
i would avoid this because it does give you more shine
it's hard to give products like these a try because you don't want to look oily
this product doesn't do that at all
if you want a beautiful glow under your foundation or wearing no make up
i don't find myself using the highlighter on the cap often because i find it difficult to apply
i want to wear it every day
doesn't make me break out
i do not think it st
seemed like it didn't spread when i used it alone
wasn't really sure how to use it
once i figured it out i can't stop using this
you can wear this alone
when using this product i definitely don't
i do find it irritates my eyes
you just have to be careful how much you use or you'll look like a disco ball
it does what it says.
this is a must have if you want that soft
i wouldn't use this alone if you are fair
say whatever i'm doing i should bottle it
i can't speak to the other benefits
i do not wear foundation
not only does it make my skin look
now i cannot live without it
i don't use foundation or anything
if you prefer a matte look this is not for you or if you have oily skin i might avoid it
of course i do my eyes
they let you try
then darn it all you then buy the product
has a buildable sheen for those of you who do want to go crazy with it
and why the heck not?
didn't break me out or make me look greasy!
won't ever go without it again!
don't make an effort to conceal them
i do so many things with it.
you can apply this all over your face if you want without worrying that you will look like the sun
i don't know how much it lifts or firms as i am
i do see some effects
for some reason i feel like you get a lot of product for the price
i regret any night that i miss using this product because my skin isn't as glowing
not that i need it
even when i don’t believe i need really bad i might invest in it for just a great makeup day
recommend to anyone who wants to loose the lines
this one didn't disappoint
i'd say to give it a try
you definitely don't need a lot to have that smooth
i could immediately tell a difference going back to a moisturizer i had just to get me through until i could make it into the store
which i will never do again
it didn't break me out
i do not see myself without this product in my life
that should say something right off the bat
i love it because you don't need a lot
i think it is so worth it
it isn't over powering like you would expect
i can't get over how much i love this product.
i don't usually write reviews
needed to let everyone know how much this product saved my skin
it does as it says it is supposed to.
this doesn't burn or break me out
usually i don't even take the time to write reviews
i went into sephora willing to try anything at this point
this doesn't mean you can't get on with the rest of your beauty routine though
you won't displace the product on your skin or make a mess
i do wish there was some spf
unless i somehow stumble across something even better
everything i had tried either didn't do anything to improve my skin or broke me out
to the point where people would ask me about why my skin was so dry
you can always return it
however it does not dry you out.
i wouldn't recommend this if you live in a place that's constantly warm
they always break me out
no matter what i use
i let it sink in and it works perfectly.
it doesn't break me out
i don't know if i can afford to keep buying..
although it doesn't give u too much hydration
that's all i can say.
i would recommend this to everyone who wants an amazing moisturizer
i don't know if this is for everyone as it is quite thick
i think it was worth the try
what i love about this too is my makeup can grind right over this
i think this might be my new go-too skin care regime
i will attest that it really does exactly what it says it will do
you should apply this sparingly you dont need to put more than a few dots on the face as you pat it in your skin as it spreads easily
i didnt know where to start.
it really does everything that it says it will.
i usually don't believe it
don't know if you can put makeup on right away
or if you have to wait
(you know what i'm talking about)
nothing enough for me to st
i think if you have normal skin
so that's what really prompted me to buy this
anything could make me break out for no reason
you can't go wrong with this face cream.
i decided to give this a try
let it sit in well i do my eye makeup
didn't expect that but totally amazing!
don't be scared to give this a go
definitely recommend it if you haven't tried it.
does not cause my make up to slide off
trust me when i say extreme
in other words i still look 18 every else on my face
if you're worried about your under eye
this is my go to
i can tell i applied it by the feel
needed something that would not break me out
have nothing bad to say
really want to try more de elephant!
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
i would highly recommend this product if you sweat a lot or want something lightweight
i can't tell if it does anything other than hydrate
i certainly notice my skin doesn't look as good when i don't use it
i don't stop using it
i love that you know what you are putting on your face
it's impossible to tell when the product is running out
please read if seriously debating this product.
everyone keeps complaining about how it doesn't work
i don't have to reapply anything during the day
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone thinking about it
this is for you
i see people complaining about this being "not all that" on it's own
he wouldn't admit it
i now use this stuff
u can't go wrong with this company at all
i disagree i think people are just using it wrong
since using this gel i don't even need to use a primer all over my face anymore
let me tell you
once it's absorbed it doesn't feel like i've put anything on my skin
s or anywhere you use it on your skin
i can't explain exactly what
t doesn't feel like too much on my face
i think people dont underst
let me tell you i'm blown away
it does the trick
i simply cannot be without it now!
i couldn't recommend this product enough
doesn't breaks me up
this is amazing if you're someone that needs hydration
i would recommend this to anyone
don't go a day without it
it's not going to do much for you if you want a noticeable top layer difference
if anything changes i will write another review
wanted to try this one
will not break you out
i wondered what the point was
it's not the kind of product that will wow you as soon as you put it on
i can see how using this by itself wouldn't be enough
i actually hate this as a daytime moisturizer since i don't see any results
i don't have to use a primer or anything with this
not in an "oh-you-look-so-young" way
i will have to dissemble the bottle in order to fully realize my money's worth
it's important to note what it is intended to do
i don't think that this will be enough on its own which is why i took off a star
for the price you'd expect it to do a bit more
who wouldn't want to go to that party?
you will not either when it comes to the benefits
even if they do not in the usa
you dont need to depending on skin type
i think it does what it says
i think i tried almost all of them
i don't usually write reviews
i decided to give this a try
i don't notice that it makes me any more oily
if you're on the fence, go get it!
for anyone that also has combination skin you know it's a bi*ch
i would recommend philosophy if you are considering this br
which if you're like me
i am not sure what changed besides the color
if anyone would notice
i didn't know it would work for me so well.
which it does not
i think this is it
i do not break out with this.
i recently had rich anger up how i did my skin care because of really really bad breakouts
i find that's the case when i use too much
it does the job
i find this product amazing it has clearly help my skin i have sensitive skin anything breaks me out
to find a product that works i wanna stick to it
the moment i applied it to my skin not only did it smell great
i love how it does not leave my skin looking greasy at all
it does not make me break out
would definitely recommend this to everyone.
usually i can never find a moisturizer that actually does anything to my skin
my sensitive skin does not react at all
i do prefer this product though
feel like it won't last long
i don't use it everyday though
i did not get this mask at first.
i would put it on
it didn't do much for wow factor
it's because i didn't leave it on long enough
this one does not disappoint
figured i'd give it try
i highly recommend trying this if you have sensative skin
i tried every single type there is
i don't think it's going to be my must have one
but this was okay.
this product really does it best when you leave it on as a mask for a few minutes
this is not the product for you
i really don't think there is any issue with the packaging or too much product dispensing
the foam is subtle so don't expect anything crazy
i put this stuff on
this is the only thing to use when you look tired
don't use too much
i figured i would stay in the line
i believe it does everything it says it does
first let me say that i own
i am sure you will take the plunge after you try it
if your been wanting to purchase i'd definitely recommended if you want to see changes
it will work for you
i can't be without this product!
you only need to use a little
next, i use the ren, a little goes a long way.
again do not use a lot
then your ready for your makeup or whatever you regularly put on your face
i did not experience any of those issues
what more can you ask for in a eye cream
i decided to try it
'd expect young peeps to give a bad review
if they aren't sure what it's for
it doesn't claim to be!
lol may they never discontinue this product!
exactly what i needed.
t doesn't seem like it would be able to do much
did not cause any breakout
guys, you need to give this product a try!
nevery bothered me at all
at first i questioned if it really does anything to my skin
try it, you will fall in lurrrrve!
i don't think i can express enough how much i love this product
i honestly don't know why i need it
didn't know what to expect
i do really like it
you can't even feel it on your skin
simply put, the best thing i've used on my skin!
doesn't break me out
i didn't expect much
i don't regret it at all
i don't like to apply with cotton because i feel to much is wasted
i feel like i could wear it alone
if you took the time out that you did to write this review
not sure what it is about this product
i won't be without it!
it's so faint i'm not even sure what it could be
at first i did not care
it easy to spill if u not careful.
like you would do a toner
it sort of goes on your face that way
trust their products to do exactly what they say
it seems to do the work
the smell is the reason why i'm writing this review
i've never even heard of this
it did absolutely nothing
i don't leave many reviews
can tell a difference in my skin right away
i don't know how it works so well
am a die hard rouge shopper because of their excellent return policy if you do not love the product
my advice would be get a nice size samples to see how this works for you
i really can't believe i saw a difference so soon
i can't get enough
i can't believe this product worked so fast.
however you get what you pay for
i will never look back
'm bummed i couldn't use it fast enough without making this little mistake
it does more for me than anything else in my regimen
if you're like me
you honestly don't need highlighter!
how i can see the difference almost immediately
i got on to check what people thought
i just couldn't live without it
okay now lemme tell you about this.
when i read reviews on this seeing people say they saw instant results i was like "yeah okay sure you did"
thought this would burn my skin honestly
i figured i would buy one product i know that i like
i really didn't know what it was for at first
i honestly recommend people to at least try it out
i didn't know what it was .
on a whim i decided to try it
i talked myself out of paying another $98 for a product that did not do anything with vit c
i can tell this stuff is worth it
plus you don't need much
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
i don't agree with everyone else about the smell
i do agree with people who say it is sticky
it doesn't bother me
you need to take the plunge
not sure what the fuss is about the smell
if you can get passed that
you will enjoy this
i would definitely recommend trying if you can get over the smell
i can't figure out why everyone complains about the smell
i never would of splurged on this $90 serum unless i saw what it could do for my skin
for what this does it's so worth it
i never want to run out of this stuff
did not come back
t's a good idea to let it dry before you even put on your moisturiser
i got to try it
i don't know why people are complaining about the smell
after doing the rest of my routine i find that everything works 50% better than it does without it
i don't feel like i have anything on my face
sometimes a sacrifice for me
didn't expect this product to help diminish/dry out
f you have dry skin this might not work for you
can't wait to see the long term results!
you will not be disappointed
i can't say enough positive things to say about this
if you want to say good bye to fine lines
korres please do not get ride of this product because it is sheer genius
it is alot more even/clear
i can't imagine what it does for more mature skin
never thought i'd give it up.
if you remember to just pat on the product
but you get used to it.
nothing is going to make you look years younger
not enough to make me gush online
it doesn't last long
which it often does
i dont write reviews that often
can have this stuff
you can put a drop on one h
i would say this product does everything it says to
i could not feel the bump anymore
did the same thing
love what it does to my skin
either you love it or hate it
let me just start off by saying that it lives up to all the hype
the smell alone makes me want to drop almost 100 dollars on it
i know thats not what's recommended
this product did nothing of that sort
please do try, you won't regret it.
you have to give this a full try
a sample won't give anyone any results
i could tell u it works
for those of you that don't know why you need this or what an elixir is meant to do
let me break it down for you
it's going to sit right on top.
it's going to help them not have to work as hard to do their job
wouldn't you want them to be even more effective?
i can't say enough good things about this!
do yourself a favor and get it!
if you can only afford one good product
you should try this one
can't wait to see how fabulous my skin ends up looking
not to brag but i have soft skin already.
guess i'll have to suck it up for my next bottle.
i don't have any bad reactions
i will never use anything else.
it doesn't do a lot to help my acne
wouldn't recommend it if that's your main goal
i really like that i do not have to use toner after this
basically, it does the trick.
when they say use sunscreen they mean it lol
people started asking me if i was even wearing make up
i felt like all it did was just clean my face i wanted something more
i like that i can apply
mine doesn't even pump product anymore
irritate your skin if you're not careful
after my dermatologist basically told me there was nothing we could do
i went to sephora to ask their opinion
i didn't love the fact that it is supposed to be used dry
i don't think it was less effective because of that
i don't want to put that on the face wash
this was not doing anything good for me during that time
it definitely didn't make me feel as clean as i would have liked
i didn't like it at first
i decided to try it
not sure if that's because of the luna 2 or the face wash
look for any reason to try something new
all skin types could definatly use this
you really do only need a pump or two
you won't be sorry.
it didn't give me the instant glow i was going for
you only need a pump
it really does do all that it claims to do.
the only thing i would say is that it kind of gave me some red spots
doesn't bother me at all
you don't have to wait to apply your makeup
the only thing i would change is the packaging which is beyond ridiculous
it doesn't come with much at all
most of the time no matter what i do my concealer never lays quite right
i must say that i do like the product texture
didn't make me break out
i assume that's why i look younger than i am
unfortunately i can not afford to buy this right now
if anyone else can, i highly recommend.
you gotta pay the price for the best stuff
so you need to get over it if you want something worth putting on your skin
i figured why not try it
i will not purchase because i do not need it
(if i can remember it!
you can't go wrong with this amazing product
it definitely doesn't bother me
i really don't care
it's doing everything it says it will!
get a sample if you're skeptical
trust me you'll wanna buy the jar after
more importantly is what it does for my skin
then if you think you might like it
i would've never tried this.
i recommend it for sure
it does what it says
can't wait to see what it will do
i can't use this alone
i rarely buy things twice so when i do it's a big deal
needless to say i won't make the mistake of running low on this product again
i wasn't to sure when i first use this cream
my skin looks so healthy when i use this that it's hard to go without
no one can tell the difference
does not work if i want to use make up on top
you will see instant results sure
doesn't break me out
i know how much it is to make this kind of stuff
it says what it does
didn't know how to deal with it
i really only take the time to write reviews for items i'm crazy about
the poor folks at my local sephora are probably sick of seeing me return so many things i don't like
didn't think i would like it because my skin is so sensitive to everything especially moisturizers for some reason
my skin doesn't really like that
i do not breakout there
i think this would work wonders for any skin type as long as your not prone to breakouts
it doesn't break me out
this product doesn't break me out
while it certainly doesn't make my skin worse i also feel like it isn't doing anything amazing for me
don't get me wrong
didn't really work any miracles on my skin for the price
the reason i'm upset is now i absolutely have to get it
it just didn't compare
you dont need to use much unless you're very dry
sometimes skip it if it's one of those nights when i'm using a stronger aha
i can tell you my skin has never looked better
all you need is a little bit.
i still don't know if it made any difference on my face
it doesn't break me out
i just don't see it.
i will admit for the first 15 minutes of putting it on you may look a little shiny
i will never go back
this did not cause me any breakouts
can't imagine using anything else
little did i know
just do yourself a favor and buy it.
i do not break out while using this
if you happen to notice some it's a sign that you need to exfoliate more
i can't wait to try other products from this br
this did not break out my skin nor did it cause tiny bumps
just to give you an idea
at first i didnt think much of it
you have to let each
i can really notice the difference when i don't use this product
don't foresee changing anytime soon
something i don't think it even claims to do
there is not much to complain about
i don't know what it is about this stuff
i don't expect miracles from a bottle
i tend to take notice
i can't wait to try more from sunday riley.
it's going to get me through the rest of winter
i don't notice one at all
i guess we can say that most sunday riley products don't
'm gonna try that
this doesn't happen if i use a heavy night cream
think ppl have sensitive skin should watch that
wouldn't break me out
if you need nice finishing touch
i literally never review anything ever.
i do agree with that
wait a couple hours to see if you can h
this product do wonder in just one use.
i wish they'd knock it down a bit.
what can it hurt to try??
they really know what they are doing!
using once, i could tell it was doing it's job.
if anything changes i will amend this review
this is the only moisturizer that i have ever used that didn't break me out
you don't need a lot of this cream to get the job done
once this runs out i'll decide if i need it or not
i wanted to try this one
i dont know how this product used to be
i really don't see any miracles worked on my skin since using this product
just trust me on this one..... best.
don't want to waste anymore time on anything else
try it out first i would love to love it more if maybe fragrance wasn't too strong maybe that's what it made me break out
my face doesn't break out as much
doesn't do much for my fine lines
because i don't wear make up
i mean who wants lines
not only does it continue to keep my face clear
i cannot recommend this product enough!
never thought i would write a review
the sample has lasted me forever -- i can't imagine how long the full size is going to last me
with this product i can use it anywhere i'd like
i do think it is helping and now going to buy it.
it really did work miracles for me
& you gotta love the anti aging properties!
it's summer now so we'll see if it stays that way in the winter
i can't say enough good things about this product
this definitely does the trick
i couldn't believe my eyes
they just doesn't work out for me which made me kind of desperate
i decided to give it another try for this br
it's been impossible to find a product that does it all
i would not say it is hydarting
helps control how much you use
i don't know if my hormones are just being nice
i wanted to see if it'd completely clear up my acne
i guess i'm gonna have to buy the full size bottle to find out
so i figured why not add this.
can't believe how good my skin looks
i don't think it has really cleared up my acne.
t would be a good thing to add in your acne routine
do have faith it's going to do as it says
it doesn't come out well
it does not travel well
you must try it!
i couldn't believe that a simple moisturizer could work so well
i would recommend it
so by the time i do my routine
i did not feel like it made any other effect on my skin
you get a lot of product
i normally just do a hydragel or something after a shower
how little you need
very light, can hardly tell i put it on.
i don't know what i would do without it
you get more product
try out the tester at sephora to see what i mean.
sad that i don't have anymore
it didn't even bother my sensitive eyes
for the moment i'm seriously debating whether or not i should wash my face
guess what, no dry face for once!
try a sample if you don't want to commit to a full size
just what my skin needed!
i couldn't get any worse right?
you're likely to hate this product
or you'll need to use a lot of it.
would totally recommend this for anyone really lol
let me tell you this is amazing
i think i will definitely continue to use
'm sure i'll never buy it again :
i don't use this for everyday use
when i do its so refreshing
why some do not
you must know what your skin needs.
i don't need to compromise
i like how light it is.
i didn't feel the same affect
it does have that water feel to it
i didn't think much of it
i don't know how it would work with oily skin
all i can say is that this is my holy grail
definitely try this out.
i don't use masks or anything
you don't have to use much, and it glides on.
i don't know what is so different about this product
doesn't make me break out
couldn't imagine my make up game being on point without it
wanted to try something different
buy this now you wont regret it!!!
it does just that
i don't know why so many people give this 1 or 2 stars
maybe they aren't using it right or its not right for there skin
did really like it
i really don't like it anymore
people need to remember not everything will work for every ones skin
personally this is the first one i have tried that goes on light doesn't feel like a lotion it's nice
wasn't sure this would be enough hydration for me
what i really appreciate is that i can't even tell i'm wearing it
said what the hay let me try it
my friends would ask if i have make up on
i think it does help lend a bit of glow.
it does not disappoint
i don't regret that at all
i don't know what i would do without this stuff.
i will say that on it's own
i agree that it feels so soft
besides, can you really put a price on good skin?
i decided to give this a try because o love a few other fresh products
i can't imagine not using a serum after having this one
the product does what it's supposed to
it's not worth the price because i thought that as a serum would do more then just hydration
it doesn't bother me anymore
i read a bunch of reviews that kept saying that it makes your skin so soft
this product does exactly what a serum is intended to do it is easily
that's right and i wanted to share this with you.
for once i do not feel like i just trashed my money on useless or aggravating products
am afraid to run out
i do know i have plenty left
if you want to keep it mixed
so the darned product takes as much maintenance as you do
if you're under 40 you probably don't need this.
and you'll still need an eye product.
so at a hefty $250, you decide.
it is worth every penny trust me if you have acne prone skin you will love this
they are barely there anymore.
which i didn't even realize i had
so didn't hesitate to go for the eye cream as well
don't know if there's a *huge* difference
i do think it helps with hollowness
t might work for you
it does irritate me a little so as another reviewer suggested i went to every other or sometimes even every 3 days
best of all, i don't need to use make up!
ask if i did something to it
now i also need to mention that i did not use this everyday
simply because i didn't want to run out of it too quickly
so i'm sure this product does make a difference!
t goes on clear
you only need about 5
i could feel the difference
this did not let me breakout.
'm not sure if i'll be able to buy another when i finish my sample
you have to make sure you use the product as directed or it won't give the best results
there is a lot of truth to "you get what you pay for"
you do not need 5-7 drops
tried it on anyway
it worth for me to try it
i can't see it being worth that much
can wear all the makeup i want except i don't want to
never want to be without it again
can honestly say it is amazing
if i could change one thing it would be the scent
just a reminder you have to shake it very well before you use it
i am not sure i can go back to using regular cream
i don't know how to explain it to you
like what i see
t will last you awhile
i've read enough about face oils to know this shouldn't be the case
i find that this does
i hate using amlactin on my arms because it always seems to burn
t can get to work on my skin
well i do not care much for
could not tell a difference at all
don't knock it just because you don't know what you're talking about lol
t might seems a little crazy that i love this face oil
i did a little research
although i don't know what pitera is
which is why i didn't give it 5 stars
if you are like me
you should give this a try
the problem was that it didn't make me feel super moisturizer either
i fee like i want to see a difference
let the product do its thing while i'm sleeping
i didn't know how it would affect my makeup
like i do with every product i use
it doesn't make me break out
i can see this bottle lasting me a whole year so don't let the price be a concern
i didn't give it 5 stars because i can only use it at night since i can't seem to rub it in long enough to make the oily look go away
even when i don't get enough sleep
which is why i call it my
you don't have to worry about spilling it or getting more than you need
i never would have bought it because of the price not knowing what to expect
you definitely made me believe in you
in exchange i have to give my honest review so here goes
if it doesn't help my fine lines i'm ok with that
knowing that my skin does not look like a snake is good enough for me
i would not recommend this unless you have dry skin
if you do, this is worth a try!
couldn't be more happy
you have to make sure that you shake the bottle super good to make sure that the product is well mixed
the only reason i give this product a 4 instead of a five star is because i don't feel it's high price justifies the effects that it gives
i would recommend this
for how well it does work for me i don't mind the price
my only issue is it doesn't come out of the bottle well
they make my face a mess
skii is nothing like any oil i have tried.
i did a little experiment
anyway, i use it right before i go to bed.
worried they would make me breakout
i probably won't need to for a very long time
decided to give thing product a try
i honestly didn't realize how much my skin needed that added moisture until i used this
like i said i'm always hesitant to try new things because my skin is sensitive
you don't need much
i can tell you this will last awhile
end up giving them away because they don't do well with my super sensitive skin
i can't wait to see what happens with continual use
i guess you really do get what you pay for
let me just say this facial oil actually feels great
i would definitely recommend this to all my beauty junkies out there
that last part makes me disagree with the idea that you can still put serums on over this
i don't like to waste my hard earned money
i felt that 3 or 4 did the trick
the directions tell you to use 5-7 drops.
i don't feel i need to
it should last me awhile
at least that's what i keep telling myself
i do use this in t
i don't have to use powder or foundation anymore
so much better i'm gonna return the korres
it has a scent to it, but it doesn't bother me.
it does not make me break out, great product!
i cannot say anything bad about it except for the pricing
im on my third bottle do i have to say anything else ?
this felt amazing i don't think hydrate is a word big enough
almost everything breaks me out but not this.
it's taken me forever to find something that works for my skin
you get a lot of product
so guys go out & buy it.. you wont regret it!
u just want something to complain about lol
you don't notice it after it's applied
this will last you for awhile
i hardly recommend it
like alot of products it really takes more than a day to judge
this is what it would feel like
can't recommend this enough.
i highly recommend this to anyone and everyone.
mean take that as you will
i can't live without it now.
i rarely buy retail lines anymore so try it before all the negative reviews turn you away
it does what's supposed to
if you stop using them
it doesn't break me out
that you want to use it all the time
it made me not want to put it on my face
think this product will last me 2
it has bothered me when i do my makeup because my lids are so different
i do not know if it will make a permanent improvement
i am not sure exactly how it works or what it does
i don't know why people say this must be used long term to see the effects
if it didn't make a difference in my look
if you can afford it, it's worth trying.
you do not need 1 whole pump for both eyes
decided to try this product
if you don't use too much
i only wish you could tell when you're running low
this did the trick!!
miracles don't happen overnight
try not to push it to hard down that way u can control how much u want
i know it's not at all what it seems to be intended for
asked if they had anything
this one actually did the trick for me
i can tell a difference with the fine lines under my eyes
i can definitely see the difference
it hasn't done anything for that
does exactly what is says suppose to do.
this really does the trick.
i did not give 5 because it does not make my eye bags disappear
it's also perfect to take in your purse or with you on the go
i don't know what people are complaining about with the price
i do not give 5* because i have not finished my first balm
while i don't expect a miracle
not good or bad.
the feel is good just after you apply it on eye
if for just instant feel
i don't know if it does anything
the balm is clear so you can't easily see how far up it is
for these 2 reasons i use my finger to apply which is ok
even if it doesn't prove to do much for anti-aging
it wasn't like a magic immediate fix
i could always exchange it for something else
i don't know if it really does make my puffy eyes look better
this stick does it.
i don't agree that it was useless
not sure if i want to buy it yet
will have to try it again to know for sure if i want to spend the $69 for it
don't listen to negative reviews.
hope you love it as much as i do :)
i didn't even put foundation on today.
if you know what i mean
all of them didn't do enough for my dry
the only con i would say is that it does get sticky when you lay on your pillow even if you wait for it to dry
you don't have to use very much
i recommend that you should try it then u will love it
would try the laneige if you like this product :
the effort i don't have to put in
this product does exactly what it claims to do!
but this one didn't make me feel painful.
it doesn't bother me really though.
i will immediately be purchasing this in the full size because i honestly don't think i can live without it
exactly what it claims its suppose to do.
so 70 is not bad
the whole line doesn't work with me anyways
it did what it said it would do
not sure if i need to get used to it or if i'm allergic
i can say that i do see my skin much brighter.
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars was because of the price
you don't get much at all for the price tag.
but it does work!
if i don't used this i can see the difference in my skin
i don't know that i will ever go to another soap
i don't think i'll ever stop using this.
i can't be without it
i can't live without it.
i seriously cannot live without this facewash.
i would give this product 10 out of 5 if i could.
it doesn't take much or long
go for it you won't be disappointed
since i have been using this i do not break out anymore
i would say maybe from the bottom of your h
i really do like this product if you're a college student
let me tell you its the best
i did not want to spend $12 on a bar of soap
that's why i follow up with an oil
i cannot believe the difference in my skin
this soap did not let me down
you can ask me to compare certain products
everyone close to me is starting to ask what i use for my perfect skin
or just want to improve your skin all together
other reviews complain of it making a mess
i cannot say enough about this product.
you can literally see the oil
this product really does the trick!
i would not even know about this product
if you ise it then you wont love it.
if youre combo then this is a go.
just ask someone on sephora to help you or use skin iq
it does exactly what it says it will do.
definitely helps clarify the skin no matter what skin type
so everyone is getting on the mask b
this one actually does what it promises
for those of you who dont know
i know i should use it everyday to get the best results
i can't think of a negative thing to say!
agree with everyone else
i am not sure if my skin actually looks firm
i don't even wear foundation over this often.
if your skin is pretty even this is enough
i recommend using this at night if your skin is like mine
only thing is it doesn't last as long as i would like
plus i can control just how much glowing i want to do
that i really can't just put this on
i don't think it did much for me
so maybe my opinion will change
it just didn't give me the glow i was hoping for under my makeup
this product does just that for my skin
it doesn't break me out
i don't ever want to be without this product.
just want something a little less
does what it says it does
i couldn't believe it!
so wish i could afford it!
it does everything it claims, and more.
it works so people buy it anyway
when i use it once i feel
you don't really get used to it
for me i'm willing to put up with the smell for what it does for my skin
i bet i could find a mask that does the same thing
it didn't make all my blemishes go away
did exactly what it said it would
u fortunately i think i'm going to have to save up
this mask does have an
f you're someone who is very sensitive to fragrance you may want to give it a miss
didn't want to love it due to the price tag
it did everything it claimed to do in one use.
i can't say it feels any firmer
if it's in your budget, try it!
the reason why im giving it 5 stars is because it instantly does brighten my eyes
i love this already for everything else that it does
this is the reason why i immediately fall in love with this miracle bottle
i don't usually leave reviews unless the product is miraculous so here it is
can't say enough good things about this.
i dont know why theres a lot of bad reviews on this
see what will happen
i could tell a difference
really confused why the reviews are so bad
i only have good things to say about it
if i didn't know better
if you're on the fence, just give it a try!
if you are wanting to try k-beauty
i can't think of anything to say negative as the product is perfect on my skin
nothing bad to say about it
this product doesn't break me out at all.
you do not need very much and it absorbs quickly.
that's the only thing i'd change about it
i don't feel like people do a very good job of explaining how to use it
if it's not giving you that
you wouldn't do that every day because it was intense
you won't waste a drop
you aren't wasting any product
there is not any burn
then it does burn me
i don't feel like its burning my skin or anything crazy like that
after i did it a couple of times i find it not so easy
it doesn't irritate it at all
i didn't think one would be enough
couldn't wait to try the face cream
which is good because i feel like i ignore my neck a lot
i really do like this product
doesn't come with alot
maybe researching a bit further to find if you will like it as i did
it does do what is claims to do
at first i wasn't sure what to do with these
this probably isn't what the instructions say
its what i did
if that bothers you i 'm afraid you will not like this
i personally don't think this is heavy enough for me to use at night
because i just don't think i can trust any other primer for that area except for my smashbox primer
when i do use it as a primer
make sure u tap product in well.
i would totally recommend
as this does it all
this does it all
that's what i did.
my make up did not sink in to them
how much you will love it
this product does exactly what it says it does
can no longer use it- which i'm bummed about because this product actually works
i never want to go without this again.
i figured id try it anyway
i dont say that lightly
so you'd think i have some little wrinkies
once you put this on
this product didn't make my sensitive
can't wait to try more from this line<3
never go without it
you will not regret it!
this is the perfect product if you want your makeup
i will say i don't think i see all these great skin benefits the product claims
i don't necessarily need to even wait for it to set before applying my foundation
i can't imagine what my routine was like before this
read the instructions, or you'll be disappointed!
if you know how to use it, you'll love it.
does what it says
then i said let's do it
that is my normal wait time anyway
you are easily able to manage how much product you want to dispense
do not waste any
i would recommend this to people
this primer really does what it claims to do
you need to try this if you haven't already!!
i can't say enough good things about this
work full time so when i do my makeup i want it to last all day
if you're older, this is a great product.
friends are asking me how i did it
you better believe i am going to keep on using this every morning
i would use a pure primer that i know works for 24 hours
you'll need less of it
i personally think that is way too much
i can see foundation being a mess if you dont let this dry out completely
i don't know if i'll be able to go back
i would definitely recommend it.
so far i do like it
it's everything it says it will be
and i never say that!
really push the product into your t-zone
you need this in your life!
i do not have to worry all day long
so don't get worried
also this does nothing
i don't typically worry about products breaking me out
i don't know if i would recommend it for everyone with oily skin
this product did give me some shine
as i can't seem to find a single primer that works well for me
you might get shine from it
i don't think i will
i think if you're oily your best bet is using a pump
i wouldn't necessary tell someone that they shouldn't buy this product
if you can get over the texture of the application process then you will love it
this is the only one that i can say works like magic
this did not make me break out
didn't use it correctly
if you know how to apply this primer
when you learn how to work with it
i've never used anything that makes my makeup last as long as this did
i still don't understand how this is possible.
i don't think you are supposed to need moisturizer too
i wasn't sure what to expect from this, but wow!
this does not break me out
once you put it on
you have to pat it to activate
that's very different from anything else i've tried
the first time i used this, i didn't like it.
i couldn't figure out how to apply.
let me tell you, i love it now.
i don't really like to wear foundation/make-up
your foundation does not move all day long
this product is probably not for everyone
that doesn't bother me
no matter what i do or use my make up always ends up looking cakey
i never thought i could ever rid that problem.
i think this is something every makeup user should own
if i could give this 4.5 i would but 4 it is.
you can easily watch money go down the drain if you're not careful pouring it
you can get them anywhere
you will find she does very thorough
doesn't give me life changing results
i do see a difference in my skin when i don't use it
don't go overboard like i did
not saying it works miracles or anything
it really didn't take long to see results
when i do use this product
it has a bit of a learning curve if you use it in the shower like i do
if you are careful
don't use too much
let me start by saying that it took me forever to figure out how to use this
so you get a good amount to use
it really doesn't take that much time to use
it also helps to mattify my skin which i can never get enough of
i just mean that you can definitely smell it before you use it
i recommend giving it a try
let me tell you... it's amazing.
not only do i enjoy using this mask
i ordered this not knowing how it will perform.
you need to try this
i gotta say after 2 months of consistent use i still have a lot of the bottle left
you honestly dont need a lot of it.
then you pat some water over it and you're done.
get the money back if it doesn't work
recommend it for sure.
i think this could work wonders for you
not with this stuff
i will say that it does sting a little if you have like a scratch
ing in the shower so why not use some of that time on my skin
it doesn't hurt in anyway
i don't know how, but it works!
you do not need to use a great amount to get results
worth it if you don't overdo it with the product
they did not disappoint
you need to try this wonderful serum to know what the hype is about
you don't need much per application
i will definately order again.
try this, you will not be sorry!
i don't know if i'm imagining it
i highly recommend you try it
i would definitely recommend it
i do think it is worth it
i honestly didn't expect much
either one of those products alone doesn't do that for me
i would definitely try this out.
each time i used it i did not see a big difference in my skin
personally i didn't find that this product changed or did anything worthy to my skin to make me want to repurchase
not sure what all the hype is about
i cannot believe how clear my face is
i literally just used it
i would use this everyday if i could
you don't need a lot in order for it to work.
unless i see magic happening after the next few uses
it does seem to go a long way.
not for this mask anyway
this mask doesn't help that
i couldn't stop feeling my face because it's never felt so smooth before
i can't remember the last time it felt that way
a bottle should give you 15-20 uses
i used it 4 or 5 times to really try it out
which i don't mind
it didn't really do anything amazing for my skin
and let me tell you it is amazing.
on those days when you really need that extra oomph
it definitely doesn't have the super clean effect of the glamglow supermud
i dont know how long this will last
please try it if you haven't already or at least sample it first
it doesn't cause breakouts or anything
i decided to get this mask
it really does what it says it does
that's the reason why i'm writing this review on the day i used this mask
does not wear away or break up
you can believe i've tried them all at one point or another
i do plan to try that out sometime too
i swore i could not tell a difference because i still saw shine
that's when i noticed these do work!
they do make a huge difference for supper oily t-zone people like myself
they feel amazing on your face
i would definitely recommend!
know i don't have this problem
i don't know how it would work with very oil skin
when i used this alone i didn't like the results as well it did not make me look matte
can't give it all of the credit
i am going to try keeping it with me
all in all i really do like this product
i decided to try it out
i couldn't believe it
the first thing i want to mention is
it seems if you want anything
maybe i got a bad one
which probably doesn't help
i love that i can change my finish with 1 drop...
not only does it apply much easier
then i could add my highlighter wherever i wanted
how many times have you heard someone say "you can use this over foundation/makeup
it does in fact disturb or move your makeup?this product surprisingly does not
now, i can't live without it!
i really can see a difference
t's hard for you to notice
it's true when they say that you get what you pay for
my skin looks so good that i don't even need a primer anymore
i can really see how it's evening out my skin tone
the finish is like you have nothing on your face so you will need to follow up with your daily moisturizer
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
would absolutely recommend this serum to anyone whose skin needs a bit of extra tlc
i appreciate that this does not have a bunch of fillers
it makes them go away as soon as you apply it
i will say that i don't notice a huge difference in fine lines
don't think this is meant to treat them
now i don't even need it thanks to this cream
i tried to get this eyecream out of my mind because of the price
i definitely don't get enough sleep
try this stuff out!
thought i would give it a try
you can use it 360
if you need de-puffing or work on fine lines
i did not enjoy how pricey this eye cream was
i didn't really notice a difference
makes me feel like it's actually doing something
i know price is a personal thing
i don't consider the price point too bad
you can see how much product is left
i've yet to find something that does what it claims to do
if you are on the fence - get it !
that's my only concern if at all it had sun screen i would give 5 stars
because i know i will definitely want another once its done
the brightening affect you can see if in minutes made me look awake i like that
a product that actually does what it claims.
though i can't say if i can tell it's helping with fine lines
until they added an awful fragrance which did not agree with my sensitive skin
i really like that you get all the multitasking benefits in one cream
i am not sure why some think 70
it works wonders as my make up base that i dont even bother with a primer
f you need a light good quality moisturiser i promise you this is it
if you're getting a little older
don't want it sliding off of your face
i worried it wouldn't be heavy duty enough
it did not make my skin react
especially if you want something oil free
that would not make me break out
i can't say i see any dramatic difference
i definitely want to try more from this br
this did not bother it at all
it didn't break me out
i love it and can't recommend it enough.
i guess i don't drink enough water.
but i don't mind that.
i decided to give this a try due to all the rave reviews of this
i feel like i can't put into words how much good this product has done for my skin
i can't wait to try it!
try it before you commit!
you've got nothing to lose.
i do find it helps to lock in my other skin care steps
the most important thing is you never know how much you've used
don't want to use it for the whole summer
i don't know what kind of science went behind making this stuff
doesn't have anything extra that it doesn't need
if i use one bad product
i didn't realize how soft my skin could be until i started using this
i couldn't possibly replicate it
the results i get i don't think it's as expensive as other creams that don't do anything for your skin
when i first tried it i did find it to have that sort of heavy feel on my face
it's really not like any other moisturizer i have tried
might purchase considering you don't need much
this didn't cause that
a little does go a long way
let me tell you this is honestly one of the best creams ever for dry skin
f you have read all the other reviews like me
nothing about this is making me need to go out
i do really like it
this does wonders for me
don't worry if you get a breakout after you first use this
you don't need to apply a lot
that i don't need to stick my fingers
at first i felt it didn't do anything special
that's what i did
so you might have to play around with it for a bit like i did to get the right amount
let me start by saying i have really
that really did help
at least you know the product will not break down once you open it
it did not break me out
this did not cause any problems
i refuse to leave home without using this cream.
can't even feel i have it on
everything i could want or need in a day moisturizer
figured i'd try this one
a must try for sure for anyone
you don't need a lot of this cream.
if you want to give this product a try
you don't need a whole lot.
you don't need a ton, just a little dab will do.
i never want to stop using it.
i don't notice any problems with that
if you know what that means.
i don't know what made me try this on my eyelids
i can't believe i've actually found something that works
this stuff does not irritate or make my skin break out
neither does the belief one either
i can't wait to try more
i love the fact that you do not have to touch the product with your fingers
t doesn't feel heavy when you put it on
as it's impossible to tell how much product is left until you run out
it will really last you
i wanted to try something different
it did not make me oily
you don't need to use very much at a time.
this does exactly what it claims to do
no one will know you're an absolute disaster inside
tempted to use it everyday
which i don't mind
i agree with them now
it doesn't provide a whole lot of coverage
if you apply too much it makes you really shiny
ok this is small but you don't need a lot of it.
do i need this in my life?
i don't feel this does anything exceptional that another radiance boosting primer would'nt do
i really like this mask because it really does mattify the skin in a few minutes
no matter what i used
i don't think i use it the same as everyone else
i usually don't write reviews
you do need to leave it on for a little bit
this moisturizer is definitely worth a try if you want something to even out your skin
if nothing else, just try a sample
it doesn't break me out when i use it as a mix-in
this does everything it says it will
it does everything asked of it
i cannot even begin to explain how much i love this product
i want it to get all up in my skin
i didn't really like how that worked out.
i don't think anything else has worked as well on my combination skin
the last thing i need is a glow!
my only question, why in a jar?
you can't go wrong with any of their products
first of all, i want to eat this!
it makes me so happy when i put it on.
decided to give this a try
i put off trying it because i didn't think i'd like it since it gave glow
it's not as amazing as i thought it would be
so glad i got this in my play box because i wouldn't have tried this otherwise
won't be without it
this did the trick
i recommend this if you want a subtle glow
all the hype definitely left me wanting to try it
it didn't break my skin out either.
a few things that i don't love about the product are the packaging
i don't use primer all the time
would've never known about it if it weren't for my play box sample
maybe try something else?
don't want to deal with foundation
now i have to say the smell is what does it for me
i really, really want to buy it.
i just can't bring myself to drop that much on any beauty product
definitively try it out for yourself
i actually like it
i won't use anything else now.
by sephora bag and let me tell you.
thought the color wouldn't fully match me
i would not wear this alone on my skin
but i like this.
so don't get it if that's what you want it for
this product lets me skip foundation altogether.
i know people complain about the price point
i can't live without it
current blemishes that i didn't get coverage i wanted
i never get compliments on my skin as i am sure i wear/apply/use make up the wrong way to cover up my pizza face
that's what matters to me
i for sure recommend you try it!
which i don't mind at all
it did not make me break out
let me tell you
i don't know the last time my face makeup looked this good
think i will continue to do so
wasn't getting the job done anymore
i honestly don't know what i will do if this eye cream ever goes away
everyone needs to try this if they have bags or just puffiness as you will see
knowing i could return anything to any sephora
i can't to wait to try more!
i actually like it
i would 100% recommend this to anyone.
i didn't hear anyone talking about this oil
this doesn't breaks me out
i would get a sample if you could and try it out.
how you can put make-up over it
it does not bother me either
not really going in
i really do like this oil
sometimes i even forget i put it on
i didn't try it until today
this oil is great for anyone with any skin type
the reasoning of which i will never know
i don't use at night because i don't think you can use on eyes
it doesn't leave any film on my face like some others i've tried
was a little reluctant to try anything new on it
anything else from my face
it did not manage to remove everything
it cannot get enough of this stuff
i definitely recommend trying this
i decided to give it a try
don't see why i would seek out another cleanser
let me tell you
a little goes a long way so don't use too much.
it does not try the skin like others have said.
assuming things couldn't get any worse
i usually don't write reviews
anything else you need removed
i cannot recommend this enough.
if you know you won't want to deal with the mess
i would say skip it
if you don't love your current cleanser
let me tell you best sample i have ever gotten
doesn't break me out
i tend to go back
usually love everything they put out
i will for sure keep using this stuff
of course it didn't let me down.
it is not gentle enough for me to use every day
of course i'm gonna give it a shot
wish i could use it everyday
lucky for me i was able to try it out because of my sephora play box
i hope clinique never gets rid of this product.
did not break me out.
i would find myself going through cleanser after cleanser because they either wouldn't work or they'd work for a week before my skin would either stop responding or break out
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because there's nothing that completely blew me away about it
so you just need that cleanser that you're be able to use everyday/twice a day
you do have to work it a little to get a nice lather
my skin just does what it wants
nothing would seem to really help my face
definitely does what it says it does
i would absolutely recommend this to anyone with my skin type
i wanted to try something different to help with dullness
well, now i can't live without it!!
you only need to use a little bit
would definently recommend this product.
i decided to try this
it's set at such a great price that you can't go wrong
if you are wanting to see quick
ait does what it says and more.
i do not find that it 'blurs' my blemishes as it claims to
no one wants messy jars of anything any more!
don't have to think about primer
if you're having trouble finding a good primer fit
this thing did not irritate my skin
i didn't expect to love it, but i do!
can definitely tell a difference.
i wasn't sure what to expect from this- when i first put it on i thought oh okay this isn't going to really do much
this product does not make me oily like porefessional did
don't do anything for my large pores
i didn't think i would like this
psa: you do not need a lot of it.
why spend all my money on things that won't do the job
we'll let me just say this product is never leaving my makeup bag
let me just say
look into something else
while this product doesn't accomplish this alone
no matter how i apply it
i do like the weight of it
it does make my skin look better on its own.
i don't like that it doesn't have spf though.
i recommend trying it because i received it in my sephora play
box and figured why not.
i didn't realize it was going to act as a primer until after i put make up over it
i've went through god knows how many failed moisturizers
what can you do when it's the one product that works with you?
this is not for you
i don't know why this is getting bad reviews
i do really like this
i am not sure if it's something i need enough to spend the money
a part of me does want to buy it
i know i'll go through it quickly
this product should be called pep-start mattify-prime because that's what it actually does
i would recommend this!
i don't get as much sleep as i should
i don't notice how much it works until i don't use it
does not leave a film
this mosturizer did the trick!
can"t use it under my eyes.
does leave you very shiny
i would have thought the "all-in-one" thing was a gimmick
this one is just enough to leave you wanting more
i love that it is okay to put around your eyes
this is my go to
it does what it claims
so be careful when you pump it
i find that it doesn't break me out
you really need to know how to work with this product
it's not for everyone or everything.
for the price point figured why not
i happen to like it
this really did the job
i can't go a day without it.
this is a better bang for your buck
didn't make me break out
don't like anything too heavy in the summer
it didn't give me bumps.
can't say if it really takes care of wrinkles or firms the skin
everything else about it
so we'll have to see
i mean its just 'amazing'
t didn't take a lot for my face
5 things in 1 i mean who wouldn't?
it has an intetesting texture which i cannot describe you just have to try it
i did commit a sin when it comes to trying a new product
almost has no scent from what i can tell
i cannot remember how she made it
i am not going to lie
that's all i think anyone wants
not too much or too little for myself.
can't wait to try it as a make up primer.
i don't know how i feel about putting eggs on my skin still
so for lazy nights when you don't want to go through you're whole routine you can just slap this on
i did a little bit of reading about it
the texture didn't bother me nearly as much
so that still might be a huge thing for someone else
if anything it helps keep it calm
i don't feel that way about this one.
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
this product is something i would think a teenager would use
didn't give it a chance
you need to give it a try yourself so you don't miss out on this amazing cream
i don't know if i will buy again
it doesn't break me out
i do not ever wear foundation or anything that has to be sitting on my face
when i let the sephora associate know that i'd like to purchase a product that would illuminate my skin
once you get the hang of it there's nothing stopping you
love how it feels going when applying.
where else can you get this ingredient combo?
i cannot go a day without this product!
this stuff will change your life
i do wish it cost a bit less
does not make me break out
you can't replace it-so better take good care of it
not sure if it matters
you only need one pump for your whole face
although it is pricey i know that i will use the whole bottle
i don't usually write reviews it may not work for everyone
i don't think this is something i could live without
obviously i can't go without this
i don't know why it would cause breakouts for others
no only does it not make me more oily
this did not break me out what so ever
never would i have thought that it would change my skin
i can tell a difference
i honestly could use this without make up.
as a sephora employee i don't fall in love with a lot
this was the product that made everyone ask "why does your skin look so good
nothing works i should just try it
i find you have to let it sit on your skin
i did not expect to like this
i definitely recommend it to people with similar problems or even if you have dry/combo skin bc it works great under makeup as well
this is great for days when you want to go foundation or makeup-free
i don't know how
that way i never go a day without it
if you're on the fence or trying to figure out which tatcha product would be a good one to try
you're not sure what would work for you
i would really urge you to go for this one
even before any sort of primer
i must say i prefer this one
j can see why it was the same for me
if you let it dry completely
i normally just let it air out before i start applying everything else
if you are someone with large pores you need this in your life
if you don't like that kind of feeling
you won't like this
if you are willing to drop the money
i think you should definitely try it out
i wouldn't really call this a "glotion"
if you want something really glowy
this is not really a problem for me because i only use this moisturizer before i apply makeup
i am not sure if i like it just yet
just like anything from tatcha
let me say a little big goes a long way.
very different to anything else i've ever used
you want to tap/press this into the skin.
let me start by saying this
it didn't work for me
you won't regret it
i would definitely recommend this.
is actually great for someone who doesn't like to wear makeup because it balances
it does exactly what it says it does
i don't mind it at all though if i decide to wear this by itself
it turns out that it's just what i need
it does leave a tacky feel if you use too much
i found that if i apply too much it does not absorbed completely
i'd recommend getting a sample if you can to try out
i cannot believe that this came through for me
girls who don't want to always look completely matte
my only complaint is that it does have a slight tackiness if you apply too much
ladies lets face it summer is here
nobody wants melting face
we all know they don't
couldn't wait any longer to write a review
only if you use the right amount
not sure about that
i do feel like you get quite a lot of product in the bottle
wasn't sure if it would make me break out or not
so you want it to last you a little while
this stick is so easy to use
it did not last me long at all
i decided to try this instead
i don't use all the time
not sure how i ever lived without this.
a mask when you want it to be
when i come across a product that blows me away i feel it's necessary
i love skincare products that do exactly what they say they will
this stick is so easy to use
great for those lazy days when you don't want to skip your skincare routine
i hate having to spend 20 min just trying to get all the product off my face which you don't have to do with this
easy to use it does exactly as it says
i wish more people would go
i didn't expect to love it so much.
this did not cause any problems
i don't know why
i can feel the little srubbies
you can use it as a mask
this stuff does not make me break out
not sure it does anything
don't think that a little goes a long way
i don't find it to hard on my face
just like everyone else i tried the small version of this first
i wouldn't use this daily
i would recommend it to everyone for sure
the gel because i didn't want to spend the money on a product i wasn't going to use
t's not going to hurt your face
if you travel it's so easy to travel with
always just told myself that it's the same as the ones you can get at the drugstore
i do not feel like this irritates it
i just want to warn people not to press too hard with it so you don't scratch your skin
i wasn't sure i would like it
really cannot say enough good things about this.
i never want to be without this.
i cannot recommend it enough!
it does what it says it does.
can imagine it may last awhile
you will get results
i can tell you if you aren't stupid you can use it for awhile
i don't have to get my h
feel like i'm wasting it
i literally can't put on foundation anymore unless i use the frxxxtion stick first
i can really tell that my face is less oily after just one use
although i did like this product
cannot brag enough about this product!
i can't say i notice a difference
i do enjoy using it
i like how easy it is to use
something that you could definitely take with you
i can tell that it clarifies my skin.
so you can take it on the go too
i don't think i will be using this product just for the fact it's not shower/no mirror friendly
this is now the only one i want in my makeup box
i would've never tried it otherwise
let it sit for 10 min or so
def would only do it once a week.
i didn't even use it as a mask which it says you can do
if you're not careful you could fly through a whole stick in one use
just can't see myself buying it
this isn't something i would use every day
if i don't use it daily
i love that you can use it for a scrub or leave it on
worth a try think you'll love it!
that didn't do much for me
i wouldn't use it every day
you will not be disappointed.
you will not be disappointed
i did not approve
i almost didn't try it again.
just in case anyone gets offended by skin care,.
but it didnt bother me at all.
it isn't bad once you get used to it
don't let the negative reviews steer you away.
i love that fact that sephora can give you sample that way you don't feel like you've wasted money on a product that doesn't work for you skin
i usually let it sit for 45mins.
it doesn't last long once it's on your face
you cant smell it after it being on your face for a minute
i think it's a great product if you can h
my guess is these people aren't putting enough on that's why it may be harder for them to get it off
this mask does have a strong scent however once you use it a few times you wouldn't even pay it any attention
i encourage people to give this a try if that's what you want to do
please use your own judgement
it did not hurt me removing it.
not sure how it hurt other people
i didn't want to take it off!
if i use this mask
i wouldn't advise it on sensitive skin.
'm not sure what everyone is complaining about
i would recommend this 100%.
it doesn't come off in one go
sometimes i give up
i recommend giving this a try
this did not hurt at all like most face masks do to me
i suggest this to everyone
this mask did not disappoint
do not put this mask around your eyes
if you don't apply to eyes
wont break too quickly
over all i really like this mask!
i could see i swear every single pore on my face
if the look of a mask is a draw to you
so you don't smell it for the whole twenty
it does wonders for my skin
i would definitely recommend this mask to anyone who needs a pick-me-up in their skin regime
you will love what it does for your skin
i didn't let her use it
that i can't stress enough
they'll grow but and we live and we learn.
did not make my eyes tear at all
probably won't order again because i love trying different masks
do not get it anywhere even close to your eye area
she also reassured me i could return the product if i didn't like it
i think it was just the acne i was going through
i think i'm going to have to save up
each didn't really absorb
this one doesn't do that
light enough for everywhere else
does not feel heavy at all
would never use anything else
it's exactly right for those of us who struggle with dry skin
which i couldn't find for awhile
i can't live without it
i don't think i can
they wont come out or anything if you're worried about flower pieces coming out
there's no way for them to come out unless you cut into the bottle
it's the only thing that makes me not want to use this
we just can't say that this smells good on the face
do not work for me.
maybe just trying a new cream.
you get a ton of product
i really recommend everyone to give it a try
i can't get enough of this stuff.
doesn't bother me too much
i can definitely say it's help to soothe
after my trip to korea i wasn't sure if i would find it anywhere
with sephora you can definitely trust it'll be the right product
as long as you are following up with a toner or something that will completely get the cleanser off of your face i think you shouldn't have any problems
this one doesn't at all
i can say this really helped me with all the oiliness in my t-zone :
i did only give it 4 stars because it is a little stripping
my skin does not break out from it.
at first i didn't think it did much
just dont get it in your eyes
i feel like it's actually doing the job
read some reviewes and thought i'd give it a try.
well let me tell you i use this with clarosonic brush
that you can actually see at the bottom
i wouldn't recommend using this to take off makeup by any means
i don't use it that often
i do not recommend anybody buy things from that br
if my face doesn't like one
i never break out anymore.
which i happen to like
this one is something else
it does not dilute right away
i would repurchase this if i do not find anything better
if you use your h
i would honestly reccomend this for all skin types
the fact that it doesn't irritate my skin makes it worthwhile
i can't get enough of it!
don't get it in your eyes, because it will sting!
i don't even need a full pump
i never take the time to write reviews
doesn't break my out
this did not disappoint
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
i notice i stay matte for a lot longer than i normally do
don't hesitate just hit the add to cart button!
not sure if i will buy again.
it doesn't make me break out!
over all, i do like it.
i am going to make sure i keep this on buy again list once i run out
you can actually tell a difference at first use.
i do enjoy using it
this one didn't do that
would definitely recommend this mask.
would recommend it to anyone
i liked that it didn't take too long to dry
as i don't always have a lot of time to do masks
this mask does exactly that
i feel u have to use a lot so not sure how long the jar will last honestly
click yes if so.
i couldn't believe it.
i suppose this would work for them too
i let it sit for the 10 minute max
please note- you don't need all three products
can hardly see them even when i smile big
it don't take much
we do get what we pay for
please read about each product this is why i use all three
i can definitely see the difference.
i liked it because it did exactly what it said it was going to do
it makes me break out alot
can't wait to see the long term results.
i don't know how well this has helped my skin
i seriously never thought i'd find a face mask to do what i want
want the best for my skin
you ladies need this!!
i did not break out
it's definitely a must have!
i wish there was spf, though.
that's no fun so you buy a product to dry you out in hopes of balancing
i wanted to see if this stuff really works
no hassel whatsoever with this one.
honestly it doesn't do anything to keep oil at bay
first i didn't know how is going to work for him
you don't feel it like greesy or something
i don't even need a full pump to cover my face
thought why not give it a try
well let me tell you
can't go without it
i can't say i saw any changes to my skin because i didn't receive enough of the product to sample
i did really like this product
i decided to give this item a try
did not like the results
you can really see a difference
i decided to give this item a try
don't understand the other bad reviews.
f your nose is sensitive it will bother you
save myself a step when i just want a light bit of color
spf if you want
i don't think it broke me out
i notice when i skip this product
you would probably want something different at night if you're not excessively oily
it doesn't break me out
thinking i would try it
return if i didn't like it
it doesn't break me out at all
you can take the amount you need with the spoon instead of using too much
you do get the entire amount advertised.
just don't think people are paying close enough attention
does not affect any following skin care/make up
i just happened to look on glow's
i don't think they sell this anymore
not sure if that's normal or not?
can't live without it!!!!
i can't live without this product.
let me tell you
which i didn't realize at first
i know it does the job for me
this will not disappoint!
you get the idea.
this one doesn't at all
it doesn't irritate my skin so that's what matters most
i couldn't believe how well it took off everything
t feels weird putting it on your face
i couldn't believe how well it removed my make up
honestly a little bit will take off your whole face
'd say if you've got the money
i guess i didn't know what to expect
you won't be sorry you did.
not really sure how i would feel about it
you really are getting your money's worth
it really does take off everything.
this product does just that
was in no hurry to try it
once i decided to try it i wondered why it took me so long
i can't say enough about it.
can't wait to get it
let s give this one a try
all be dammed if they didn't suck me back in with this one
you do not need to with this one
i decided to try something new
however, i do not see any dewiness or glow.
the only con i would say is that it does slightly burn my eyes
but try it for yourself.
i do want to try everything in this line from lancome
i don't know i just feel brighter when i use it.
you only live once
you should do it with a clean face
'm scared something might be different
i decided to give this a go
i can also tell a difference in my skin
it's doesn't irritate or break me out
don't need too much
don't need too much
since i don't use foundation i can not speak to that
at first i couldn't tell that anything was happening
i don't mind at all
i can't say enough good things abot this product.
the only thing i would change about it is the name
i think if used alone it wouldn't give enough hydration
it's taken me awhile to write a review for this since i got it in my play
this would be important because i wouldn't want to waste any just because it came out too fast
i don't use it every day
i do think it makes my skin look better.
you can read about this online
alcohol is not always a bad thing
i love it and now can't live without!!
i so wish i could afford to buy this frequently because omg it's amazing
i don't use much
i would not recommend using this alone of you have dry skin or combo
travel size i need this everywhere anytime
it doesn't bother my sensitive skin too much.
i don't have to find another one
definitely give it a try!
never really know what the day will hold.
i do experience the matter finish
you can't feel it on.
don't want to end up with something different
i will never use anything else
which i do neither
this didn't break me out or react to my skin at all
sometimes it wouldn't work so
you don't get a whole lot
please never get rid of this!!
i love this moisturizer because it does exactly what i need it to do
i don't like having to wait 10
but sadly it just doesn't work for me.
great product, don't think i'll ever change.
doesn't break me out either.
i imagine that if you wear foundation this might almost help act like a primer
i don't wear foundation so don't trust me on that without testing yourself
this doesn't do much for them
this really does the trick.
please never get rid of this product!
i can never find a moisturiser that won't break me out
this one does the job
theres nothing negative to say about this product
does exactly what it purports to do
love this doesn't break me out
yes the other reviews are true that this does not give you a ton of moisture
does not break me out
this might not be for you
i can't say enough about what it does for me
i can't live without this now!
doesn't break me out
i notice a huge difference when i don't use it.
try it you wont regret it.
i will buy it forever so please sephora don't stop making this moisturizer
i love it so much i put it on twice a day whether i'm putting makeup on or not
you only need a little bit, but it does the job.
see if it works for you
you can't beat it
however i'm starting to notice that it's slacking now that i'm used to it
hey at least they are not getting worse
this does the trick
it doesn't feel like you're wearing anything.
i think the 8 hour mattifying claim would probably work better outside of hawaii
i would buy again if i can't find anything better for cheaper
this stuff does exactly what it says it will do.
you can use on whole face
i would actually give it a 3
honestly with this i maybe have to once
i would definitely recommend.
does what it says.
they dont measure up to this product
i hope sephora never discontinues this because i dont think i will ever find a moisturizer as good as this one
really hoping sephora didn't stop making it!
good price.cons: can't really think of any.
i feel like i use up a lot of this trying to cover my entire face
this is honestly the only moisturizer that doesn't make me break out
it also says what it does
this would not be good for someone who does
this did not dry me out
am careful about how much i use
but if i did i would skip this.
i will wear it alone
don't know what the bad reviews come from
i didnt even want to wear make up
thought it might make me look too shiny
didn't stay that way
if you read the directions
this product does exactly what it says it does
yet it doesn't break me out
i don't want to wash away the benefits
you can use it on your eyes
that is until i want to go to sleep.
or if i'm in a hurry
i will never buy anything else again.
this didn't irritate them at all
it does everything it says truely.
at first i didn't think it felt all that cooling
at least i know it's working
if you can get past it
this product does what it says.
it does as it says.
wasn't sure if i would warm up to it
dont know if ill invest in a full size when im done
when i say i've pretty much tried everything
or at least for me it doesn't
this oil does wonders
you wouldn't believe me when i say i already see a huge difference
i swear that's no reason to not use it
the first thing i'm going to say about this product is that you should expect your skin to get worse before it gets better
i can assure you that's totally okay
i could ramble about this for a long time
i guess job stress, etc.
i finally understand what a "proper" purge is.
i feel like i've tried every mask
i wanted to try this
decided to give it a go
i can't say enough good things about this product
i mean, think about that.
please never remove this product from your line!!
the first thing you should know is that this oil's smell is not for everyone
i decided to try this out
see if it'll help with my skin
i actually kind of like it
i apply it every other night so that i don't use it up so quickly
acne is not much of an issue anymore :-)
i don't usually leave reviews
all i did was give her a few pieces of info about my skin type
i can already tell such an amazing difference after one week that i felt compelled to write it now
everything the prescribed i was either allergic to or it just didn't work
especially if you don't plan on using it 2x a day everyday
you get what you pay for
i cannot tell you how much i love this product.
it does not dry me out
i can't really put into words how much this has changed my skin
i didn't have any issues with my skin
i've tried absolutely everything to clear it
i don't even know where to start.
i couldn't believe it.
i will never stop using.
i can't even tell my skin was having issues
nothing would fix them
i cannot say enough good things
i cannot say enough good things about this product
you get used to it
i genuinely cannot say enough good things about this product
honestly i'm used to it at this point
please never stop making this product!!!!
while i don't really see this doing much for my pores i will definitely repurchase
i don't have money to blow
doesn't stop me from using it at all
i wanted to do the 7 step korean system
after several uses you wont even notice it
that is enough for me
definitely try this if you have oily
i do still breakout
before you write a bad review
then you really will see the results
i could not believe it.
the only thing it said that it didn't do was get rid of the blackheads
when i do get a new breakout
this did not do that
i didn't expect it to either
don't expect this to be an overnight miracle
don't try to skip steps like me.
i just don't want to be without an extra
while sometimes i felt like it was no longer doing anything
when i wouldn't use it i would notice that my skin did not look as good
don't do what i did.
i honestly can't even remember the last time a product did this much good for my skin
doesn't sting anywhere even when i break out
it didn't take me long to get used to it
they will not go away
i actually cannot believe the results.
if you follow the instructions on the box you won't have a purge
once you see how it changes your skin you will get past it
i know the smell can be off-putting
it won't bother you
so this does wonders for my skin
you get used to it
also it doesn't just "sit" on the face.
i wanted to make sure it was for me
i decided to give this a try
'm not sure if its the fact that i've hit 30
after a week i don't really need make-up anymore
trust me.desperate me: okay fine let's do it.
should not stop you from trying this product
better then anything that my dermatologist has given me
i would never guessed that dry oil could actually work
on a whim i decided to give this product a go
don't expect magic overnight
you won't be sorry
can't live without this stuff.
i don't think i would ever put this under makeup.
can smell it if i'm sitting next to him
i never do reviews
you all have to know how amazing this is
you get used to it i don't think it's a deal breaker
it's not really so bad that you can't leave it on
t doesn't matter if my skin is oily anyways
i encourage anyone to try it
i don't write reviews
i don't care what is in it
all i know is that it works
who cares about that if it works
who cares when you going to have nice skin
it does everything it claims too
decided to check them out to see if they had anything for my awkward teenager skin
let me tell you
don't let the smell discourage you!
have tried everything to make them go away
this isn't a mask that's going to completely change your skin or anything
i do believe it does great things to my face
you instantly feel as if you're in a spa.
that doesn't bother me at all
i normally wouldn't spend so much on a face mask
nothing bad happened when i used it
like other fresh stuff not sure it does much for my particular skin
maybe it does more that i cant even see?
this mask does what it says -- after using
i don't find that to be a huge negative for me
so why not the full 5 stars?
i do look less tired
when i apply to my face and i want to eat it!
after you apply it
that's what mask do right?
then you may hate it
this product does exactly what it says it does!
i really don't like it
i wish i could use this mask every day
why am i on sephora right now when i have a gazillion other things to do?
i don't know if it's worth the $$$ for the whole thing
i mean you should focus what it does instead of judging texture
if this stuff is right for me
i will keep using it no matter what
this one doesn't disappoint either
not enough to make me not use it
t goes a long way
you will wash it of after anyway
i definitely recommend trying this out
however i absolutely recommend this if in your budget
if i could i would
to the person who said it wouldn't come off
you don't want to leave it on too long
how ever this might be something i can talk myself into splurging on
i just want to use it every day
this did not irritate it at all
i can't say enough good things about fresh
i would really recomend buying it if your skin needs a boost or if you are wanting to get rid of acne scars
i would recommend for someone needing a pick-me-up for their skin
it does everything it claims to do
i know it's currently a 100 point reward or go into a sephora
you will not be disappointed
this mask did everything it claims to do.
it does exactly what it says
i don't know why everyone is making a stink about the texture
you see the difference every time.
because i've never really felt they did that much for my skin
how ever did not mind any of it because once i washed it off my husb
yea definitely gonna save up to buy this due to it being to pricey this definitely is a wish list product
what i don't like about this mask is the consistency
because i don't see any results
it does basically feel like jam for your face however
will recommend this to anyone and everyone!!!
if you aren't, this isn't the product for you.
i don't mind it.
but i wasn't expecting any miracles.
didn't think it would make a huge difference
if you like the idea, you will probably enjoy it.
so we'll see how it turns out after i wash it off
let's stop kidding ourselves, people.
that is not an option unless you want to spend forever trying to remove this mask
it you get this one anywhere
this part i can accept
make sure you do not get any on your hair or shirt
i don't think i would buy this
i can't say anything bad about it besides that
i would not recommend at all
so i would have to say this stuff is a keeper!
in this case i decided to give it a try anyway because i really needed neck cream
to know what did i do
i did not change anything else in my routine
asked if i needed any help
does not break me out
this never did that
i decided to give it another try afterwards
i would give this a 10/10
i can't believe it
if you are religious about your routine you will hopefully see results
i don't get why everyone hates the scent it's really not bad at all to me
it didn't look brown or anything like some others have complained about
you get used to it
s when you're done
i don't mind since it doesn't show up on skin as far as i noticed
do not agree with other reviews.
its very easy to apply not heavy or anything
i usually only wear eye cream at night or when im just doing err
i find if you use eye cream every night theres no need for it in the daytime
f you don't like pine needles you might not like this i can't attest to the effectiveness of this product though
i noticed that when i do this
you feel good knowing it's not just hiding your dark circles
everyone should give this line a try!
you won't regret it!
i think most people realize that you don't cake on eye crème
did i mention very
usually people tell me that i look tired or ask if i'm feeling okay
you only need a little bit
it takes a little getting use to because i agree with another review that it feels like it disappears
i honestly don't have really no negative reviews on this product because it does do what it promotes i just did not expect the formula
you can get a lot of uses out of this 1 bottle
this stuff did not break me out at all!!!
big tip people do not seem to follow
i love that you can peel this off
this definitely didn't give me instant results
this mask does all that!
i guess with this one i will have to use it a bit more often then which is not too bad because it's easier to peel it off
i can only imagine what repeated use of this will do
this mask really does what it says it will.
what more can you ask for?
i don't even feel like i have any problem areas anymore
i do not notice any sparkles in it.
i don't know if it's a must have
gives you a glow like no other product out there
it does leave it on your skin
f your not a fan of that then this may not be for you
i recently noticed that it just didn't appear to be doing anything for me anymore
i dare say this will last me for a very long time
i can't believe it took me this long to find this cleanser
you don't need much at all
doesn't bother my eyes or anything
did i get all of it off?"
didn't really know what to do about blackheads
you can only really see them if i stick my under my lip
not evert time i cleanse cause i don't like to over do it with that
i'd totally say this product is worth a try
i could never use anything else again
you do not by any means need to use a penny sized amount as the directions say to get a great lather
it didn't really clear my skin
although my breakouts aren't gone i do see less.
let me tell you
go try it and see for yourself :)
if you do have a foreo is this a great wash for that
i usually don't fall for products right away
i believe that this product does not leave unnecessary residue behind
please don't ever stop making this!!
you can see results as you use it.
this doesn't irritate me regardless of my skin status
i couldn't ask for a better product!
size- i wasnt sure w a stick how much use id get
if you wondered also- dont worry.
does when i use my foreo
pretty sure i can't live without this mask now!
not only does it feel luxurious
this did the trick
didn't see that much of a difference
i'd say give it about 3-4 uses before deciding if you enjoy it
maybe i need to use it even more?
i didn't see instant results
if you've ever used that product
i never write reviews, and try a ton of masks.
they are usually just "ok" this mask though
i must say thought
'm stopping this other product which isn't helping anyway
i didn't feel much of a difference in my skin
i wouldn't buy it again for myself
give it a bit to see if you do not experience any adverse reactions
i cannot say enough good things about this mask or possibly recommend it highly enough
when i forget to use this regularly
i like how you don't need to keep it on long.
i would recommend this to anyone.
i don't know if i can justify the price of this product though
i really couldn't believe it.
i tried it anyway.
when people ask me for skin care advice
i feel like it didn't do anything
you don't need nearly as much as you think you do
'm not sure if it had anything to do with it
you will not regret it!
i am def gonna get the full size when it runs out
imagine how many uses you can get out of the full size
i don't know if it has done anything to actually help my acne
this didn't break me out
i leave it on forever
it doesn't hurt my skin
can't believe you're at home
i am the kinda person who pays no more than 20$ on one item
i can't believe i'm saying it
if you ever get a chance to try it just go for it
can't live without it now
i never ever ever do any masks
let me tell you amazing
whoever said that you shouldn't put honey on your face is wrong
you can just feel it working
it's a must have for sure!
i wanted to wait to see how it reacted with my skin
make sure to do my research on a product
i didn't like it very much until one day i r
i highly recommend this mask for anyone who wants a healthy glow
this one will get you right
couldn't ask for a nicer mask.
let me tell you
i couldn't believe this product actually worked.
i still can't believe it.
which i don't think is something it even claims to do
i do occasionally anyway
you get a good amount or product.
it does warm up when you apply it which can freak you out at first
if you can get past that then this product is amazing
i couldn't believe how good my skin looked
i can't say enough about this mask.
it's how one would want their face to always look without any makeup on
even if you used half the bottle
you can return it
if you want a quick fix i would recommend trying the kit thats a sample kit thats $35
could not seem to find something that actually works
so when i came across this in sephora i thought why not give it a try
note: obviously changes won't happen over night
i don't rely on washes to clear my acne as i can't imagine a product that's on my skin for 1 minute can perform miracles
how it may not help someone with acne that's bad
i don't want to speak too soon
this did not dry me out
if you've tried everything it's worth a try.
i've noticed if you don't use it for a night
you will break out
i honestly see a big difference i don't really get pimples now
i like it so far
not exactly seeing the results everyone else seems to get
this product does what it says!
i couldn't agree more
this does the trick!
thought i'd try something new
i don't have breakout any more
i do believe that it does help
couldn't wait to use this
i think more people should try it.
it really did the job
i can't say enough good things!
that is nothing when you think about how good it is
let me count the ways in which i love you
i can honestly say
i don't know why this product has so many bad reviews
get this if you're like me
i've tried just about everything.
don't know what i would do without it.
and with that price you really can't beat it.
i couldn't agree more
i swear by this product does its job!
if you want to clear your acne, get this product.
who cares when you have clear skin in the morning
no matter what i have tried
get this product you will not be sorry!
i don't think it does much for new acne breakout
if you can get past the fact that it smells like a toot
not sure why the smell would keep anyone away from this since it actually works
don't look right with too much luminizers
you do not need a lot of product
want to feel a little special
do not go overboard!!
i usually wear it alone
i'll never go without this stuff
how much i use of it
i feel like i'm using too much
if others don't work for me
this is going to be my go-to
this stuff doesn't break me out
i do like the regular one better
t does not hurt the eyes
especially during winter when i don't want to do too much before makeup
that's not what i use it for
neck if you want
f you like that you won't like this product
i wanted something that would foam up better with my clarisonic
a must if you travel or perfect for your gym bag
couldn't believe how much if firmed my skin
this week i couldn't even look at my skin
didn't expect much to be honest
i don't like to typically add anything on top
it doesn't how ever give me a glowing look
definitely give this a try.
i can't imagine my life without it anymore
i didn't get any new breakouts
don't worry about this product
your skin will love you for it.
for a while i didn't think it was doing anything
whenever i use it looks like how i would look when i have slept well
this product does exactly what it says
i usually don't like using a lot of products
i don't write reviews on sephora's
or if i travel
i can comfortably say that this makes a difference for me
if you need extra hydration this is definitely worth a try
it does exactly what it said
thought it's another step in my skincare regime that i wouldn't care about since i always on the go
let me tell you it's amazing
you'll see immediate results
i can't go without it
can i just say yassssssssss and yassssssss.
this one made me go whaaaaoooooo
i don't know what i would do without this now!
i really wanted to wait a little longer
its so good i just couldn't wait to let everyone how amazing it is
i am your typical person that does not get enough water in a day so unfortunately my skin suffers greatly from that
it doesn't show any difference at first
this product does so much for me
it didn't make me breakout
though i don't use on eyes
just did not clean well enough for me
this did not pass
you get so much use out of one bar
so glad i did cause now i'm stuck
i can't wait to see prolonged results
what more could you ask for?
do yourself a favor and buy this asap.
i only used this cleansing oil tonight with nothing else
i don't know if it's just me
they really meant it
so the packaging doesn't lie
bc it does what i need
moreover, this did not break me out.
it does not feel like an oil
i want to try more from this br
the only thing is if your makeup is water proof it will take two tries to make it come off
nothing bad to say about it.
i didn't have to rub hard at all
you won't regret it.
i won't go without these ever!
i recommend this for anyone 30 and over.
i recommend that you give them a try.
it does not come off
i actually had to hide this one cause he wants to use it without me
i forget about it sometimes
which is what i like in a mask
i know some people complain about the spatula
if you read the one
you definitely get your money's worth
if you just leave it sitting on top of your skin
don't bother you rub it in then of course you won't like it because you're not using it correctly
you need way less product than you think for it to work
and it did nothing for her.
be careful you don't get the stuff on the magnet because it's quite difficult to remove if you do
it's everything you could want in a mask: crazy fun to use
i can't stop looking in the mirror
i would recommend this product to anyone.
you'll be happy you bought this one
glowing it feels so good i don't want to put anything else on it
if you need to go somewhere with out makeup.
i suggest using the mask before you
see it you don't get a compliment on your skin
t couldn't possibly impress me even more
it didn't bother me a bit
you have to try it to believe it
maybe if i had a gift card or something
is that it's best to go over your face
you'd be surprised at how much of the black residue is still there even though you can't see it
not much helps them out
if you don't it's almost impossible to get the product off
f you have dry skin you would love this
make sure you get educated on it
a little goes a long way so don't put too much on ur skin
once applied we let sit for 20-25 minutes
so the answer is yes, it works!!!
see if it works for you because it really worked for me
honestly if you have really dull skin
you need this mask
i don't think i can live without this.
i dont thinknthe previous reviewers are doing it right
it doesn't do anything like bubble or tingle.
yes you have to follow the directions
i don't think i would buy the full size unless i had a gift card or something
i honestly have nothing bad to say about this product
you dont need much to apply
it did not break me out nor leave meoily
you barely use any of it a week
i didn't know what to expect.
i guess is how you could describe it
i can't wait to use it again.
i couldn't wait to do it again.
bad reviews- if you follow instructions
if you follow the simple directions there will not be a mess
why do i want it so bad?
i might give into temptation
make sure to read directions
i recommend using it before you go to bed so your skin
you dont need alot of product.
it's hard to notice anything out of the ordinary
i didn't really intend on using
i got curious enough to try it as a night mask
this did not make me break out
can't wait to use it again
i didn't expect it to work so well.
they don't seem to advertise this
can't wait to keep using it to watch my skin firm up
all you need to do with that is rub it in
it can get pretty messy if you don't.
easy enough for me!
i tried all sorts of things
just when i wanted to give up i decided to give this a try
couldn't find a product that would help
i can honestly say i've seen a difference in my skin
if you're planning on getting it
this one does it all!
it doesn't matter if its even
i feel like i can face today.
i wish i could use it everyday
i do like that this mask gives you extra mixing comes so you don't have to clean them like my other modeling masks however this is probably not to green
this is the only thing that's made a difference in my skin that you can see without makeup
that is why they tell you to use with a moisturizer
can't imagine living without this
while it's not offensive it does make it harder to enjoy the product
not hundreds of dark pores i've had ppl ask what are those dots all over your face?
i know you're not supposed to pick
didn't affect me at all
need to go buy more the packaging is heavy so don't let that fool you into thinking you have a lot left
this product actually does what it says and more!
i don't write many reviews
i don't even use wipes anymore.
you really can't travel with it
this is a face wash i do not regret buying
don't regret paying a little more
i don't expect too much on a cleanser
notice that i don't get any of the huge pimples like i usually do
i can't get enough of it
my face is easy to please
does the job and doesn't rip off.
at first i was kinda iffy if i want to spend $30 ish bucks on something i didn't know would work for me
is keep the screw on cap if you are going to take this product on vacation
i quickly decided to give this a try
i cannot stop using this!
hence why it'll last you a while
which is not something i was expecting
so figured i would like this product
however, this product did not seem to do that.
i'll preface by saying i do not expect miracles from my cleansers as they are only on my face for up to 1 min however i do want a cleanser to properly clean
i don't find it blows me.
this one doesn't do that ever!
i do feel like it gets the remainder of what is left
t is hard to find products that don t break me out
i think this is the exact one.
best part is the pump so that you can leave it right next to your sink
can't wait to check out more from this brand!
t does not bother me
my skin did not like that
not to mention you get a lot for what you pay
i swear everyone thinks i'm 18 now
keep doing your thing
you only need to use a little bit.
you can never start too soon
s did not work with my skin
how does that happen?).
i'll admit that whenever i do use it
i didn't have to go back
that does not deter me whatsoever
can't wait to try more products in this line.
sephora please don't ever stop selling this stuff
don't have to worry about running out
sometimes i hesitate to buy all natural because i am a big fan of skincare that has an immediate effect
but i cannot get the pump to work.
it is really annoying to have to take the bottle apart every time i want to wash my face
a little goes a long way so don't let the price scare you
don't really write reviews
what more could you want?
i don't want something that "mattifies" i want healthy
this does just that, and no extra oilyness.
i really decided i should start taking better care of my skin
trust me, you'll want to use it.
if you're waiting to buy this, get it now!
it does go away
which does wonders for your skin
i didn't know what to do since i never had an extreme acne problem
also doesn't break me out
do yourself a favor and try it!
i think this one is worth it if you've got oily skin like mine
i wouldn't say i like it
i don't dislike it either
its not an intense scent so even if you dont like it you can get over it
i admit i don't really do as much as i should for my skin
i decided to give it a try, not expecting much.
t doesn't move around foundation
you really can't apply it without it
doesn't stick to skin unless you apply it with this stuff
not sure it does anything else.
i would recommend it!
i did not notice any scent with this
this did not cause any
now that i've made a good dent in the container i feel like it's time to write a review
doesn't just sit on the skin
i also love that it's something light enough i can use in the summer
can't wait to try all yttp products!
there is only one thing i don't like about it
i normally don't think too much of any one moisturizer
i can't wait to see what else yttp comes out with
i can never tell if they're actually helping or maybe i'm just drinking more water that week
this being said, i do love this for what it is.
this i might even like a little more lol
didn't expect to like it
can't say how it works under that
i do like this a lot
i don't know if it was the product for sure
don't even need make up every day.
through this you know?
nobody wants skin problems
i don't usually write reviews
i usually like to use this if i want a bit more hydration
you don't need to use a lot
you will fall in love with the way it makes your skin feel
you will thank yourself when you see
on days where i'm not really going out
that's because it really does work
this one did the trick
if you are really dry i don't think this would be enough
i don't know why
it's really helping me calm it down not to mention i have very combination
it doesn't have too much effect on me
i never try new things
i love it so much i feel like i should stick pile it "just in case"
i can't say enough about this.
i would totally recommend this to everyone to try
try it, you will love!!!
i didn't know if this serum was really doing anything
this serum somehow delivers everything i could ask for
i dont know how it does it but this is amazing!!!
glowing beauty that you only see in movies or magazines where you know makeup is being used
how it doesn't sting
this totally did the trick
unfortunately didn't for me
i can say that my skin is absolutely glowing
i apply this stuff one pump
can't ever find a good product for her full
i know this product won't work for everyone
u typically don't write reviews
i do use a primer though before i apply.
this is excellent if you want a no makeup look
want to coverup some imperfections without looking like you packed it on
i don't even wear foundation over it!
you don't need a lot
if anyone is trying to decide on buying this
i actually didn't even need foundation on top of it
wasn't even going to try it
however, i don't understand why the one color?
i love it as a foundation on days when i don't want to wear a lot of makeup
figured i would try it
i never have to use any foundation anymore
i really wish that i could buy this product
just gotta say it does it job!
i don't really look for full coverage
as i let it set
t will last forever
would be 5 stars if i didn't have to do the prep work
i only didn't give it 5 stars because i felt as if it's gonna be tinted
i can't give this enough stars.
this product does not cake
it even helps my foundation stay on so well that i rarely use primer anymore
if i need full coverage
i do not write many reviews
can absolutely wear it alone
a little does go a long way
if i want more coverage
i really do love this though nothing else has worked so well for me
she couldn't believe it
i can wear it alone
i feel like i get so much coverage from this product alone
it's like doing a magic trick on my face every time i put it on
so then i always apply too much too my face just to even everything out
i can't say enough good things about this product
to be honest i don't even need to wear it with this cream since this product is so good
i recommend this to anyone.
you can wear it alone
it does just that
i don't know why so many users were expecting it to fully cover as that's not how it's advertised
this is heavy and doesn't cover anything.
i do not recommend this item.
that's not really its intended use
as you don't need much at all for excellent coverage
it just did not seem to do the trick
i can no longer say there is nothing that works
i could wear this alone
he can't tell when i just have this on
no way did i expect this to fill my expectations
i can't stop looking in the mirror!
this is amazing so for those people that don't give it a low rating is probably because they don't know how to use it the right way
you have to prep your face like always
and please don't ever stop making this product.
someone i don't even know recommended this product to me in a beauty blog
this product does the trick
it's because this is made to go under your foundation
i don't necessarily love it.
i make it work
sometimes i forget about it
you do not need a lot for this
do agree with others that it doesn't match my skin tone completely
she asked if she could put some on me.
i could not believe how great it covered
you don't look like you have make up on
i wasn't sure how this color would look on my skin
i didn't think it was possible.
i don't need to use much to get the the job done
even when i don't pick at them
i've never seen anything like it!!!
i can't believe this product!
you know who you are
i know it will never go away completely
i don't even have to wear foundation!
this is the only thing i wear on my skin now because it works
this actually might be my first review on sephora because i never write them for stuff like this
i think a beauty blender would also do the trick
i usually don't ever write reviews
it does exactly what it says it will
i can't say how long wearing it is
s don't carry a foundation light enough to truly match my skin
skip foundation because i don't need it =
i don't look "made up" if you get what i mean
but when i want to look "perfect", i'll go to it.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because while a little goes a long way
i do use it every day
i don't want to apply primer
i am going to return it because i wanted to wear it alone
you only need a drop.
just take your time learning how to apply for your skin type
can't live without it
just enough that foundation alone does not cut it
this stuff is so *amazing* i could cry
it does the job
a little does go a long way.
does pretty good though and i would recommend it.
a little does go a long way
doesn't look caky and coverage last all day.
this will do the trick
but, i do like it and it doesn't break me out.
i give this product 4 stars because it simply wasn't enough product for me
thought i'd give this a try
i couldn't believe my eyes.
want your skin to look flawless you have to try this
t's something i can't go without
you can actually feel it going deep into your skin
i especially like i can use it for my eyes too.
this product doesn't irritate it at all
which if you don't know doesn't get all of your water resistant/cry proof
can be left on as long as you don't mind the feel
i'd like to try it with my clarisonic, too.
i hope they never stop making it!
i would like to give it a 4 star
if you can afford it, there is no much problem.
it does what it's suppose to do
would 100% recommend for anyone.
still solid where you dont want to
i really recommend this product for people of any type of skin
decided to try this one out and i like it better.
this one i don't have that problem.
if you follow the suggestion on the back of leaving it on your face for a minute or two extra for hydration trust me you wont be disappointed
i would give it more stars if i could.
step two you can't mess it up
ready to look your best
i honestly don't know how i've gotten along with out it
i wasn't sure how i would like this product
i can't believe how smooth
decided to give it a try
does'nt burn at all
the only reason at this point that i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the smell
here's why i can't live without it:not only does it remove makeup
i find myself wanting to do my makeup
this product did not disappoint-
you get a ton of product
i decided to give this a try
please do not discontinue this product!!
until i got this stuff.
could not wait to try it
one product and you're done.
can't believe how quickly
i couldn't believe it.
it does miracles for me
does exactly what it says it will
was afraid to try it because of my history w/makeup
nor did i break out as usual either.
i just used this
this didn't bother it at all
it doesn't get rid of everything
my guess is that this will absolutely make you break out if you don't wash your face after using
i cannot get enough of this stuff!
it is so easy to apply
no matter what kind it is
i can even use it on my eyes.
if you are lazy that night
or if you need an extra step or do the 2 part cleanse
but i look 28 so i'll take it!
when i did that
if i didn't use enough
i just wish i didnt have to use so much product
you don't even have to rub that hard or use that much
you can't go wrong with bye bye makeup.
this does the job
not exactly what i want to be doing when it's late
i want to go to bed
does exactly what it says it's supposed to
i would 100% recommend this to anyone & everyone!
i can't say enough about this product or this br
effective for any kind of hard to get off makeup you will ever use
have someone show you how the products work
you can't wear this alone, no.
best of all this doesn't break me out.
that should disappear if you haven't applied too much
i can't remember the last time i liked a primer enough to buy it again
i don't write reviews
i could definitely see the difference
don't know anything about it prolonging my makeup
i decided to give this a try
sometimes you're never gonna know how something works till you give it a chance
it doesn't make me oily or anything.
if you don't like the product
all you have to do is return it
don't know why this doesn't have better reviews
not sure why there aren't more 5 star reviews.
i agree with another reviewer that you only need a little
if it pills up on you, youve applied too much.
very little it all you need.
it does the job it's meant to
all i can say is that it definitely works for me
it can be hard for me to find products that don't irritate my undereyes
i don't know how i ever lived without it before!
i feel like face cream can do the same stuff.
i can tell you this is the best one i have ever used
i hope it truly works overtime
it does not solve this issue
wanted to take better care of my skin
let's be real i'm not getting any younger.
i couldn't imagine a morning without it.
it may not be a miracle cream -- i don't think such a thing exists --
does not take much to use for under your eyes
i do recommend trying a sample before buying the full thing
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was that i don't feel like it has helped my dark circles
know what they look like
decided to go with this instead and happy i did!
i don't see this result
the sales girl seemed to just want to get rid of me
i do think it does a nice job
'll just put a little next time
it does what it says.
don't think i will be running out quickly
see how much better it can get
i don't see immediate results like the jar claims
i never wear makeup anymore because i look totally fine without it--whereas before it looked like i hadn't slept in a month
you will not be disappointed.
i cant speak for crows feet results because i dont have them yet
get a sample if youre not sure yet.
i decided to give this one a try
'm going to order it as soon as i can
i will never go back.
so far i actually really like it
just want to use whatever works
you should totally go for it
i don't know how well it works for wrinkles because i'm 23
don't have them yet
i feel like it's actually doing everything it claims
i cannot believe it!
everyone else is saying it doesn't
i guess it just depends on some people!
you get best results if you tap it on
so can't say anything about that
but, i like it.
i didn't "feel" like the cream was doing anything
the amount you get
can't even see the bags anymore
def gonna keep on applying it to see if i get more results
i never do get good sleep
'm sure there's no cure-all that exists for them
no kidding, it works!
t doesn't leak into my eyes even if i apply it close
i never write reviews, but i read them often.
they don't hold a c
you can see the difference in 1 week!!!!
this is not going to make miracles overnight
f you have super sensitive skin this might not be for you
i can definitely tell it's working
this did not bother my eyes or aggravate my skin
i'll never go back to anything else.
i must mention for the 50
it doesn't bother me
it doesn't break me out
i am never going switch again
smooth because of this i cannot go a day without it
i kind of hate that i love this so much because i will for sure be spending the bucks for the full size
they bother me so much
you can still feel how nice
i can see how some people may not like it
i couldn't believe it!
they didn't hurt to touch
you know that feeling you get when you're really thirsty
i swear that's how my skin feels when i put this on
you've got to try this.
didn't think too much of it at first
'm always careful about what i actually put on my face when it comes to moisturizers
i gave it a chance anyway
didn't think much of it
a little goes a long way can't go wrong with that
you don't need to use a lot to cover a lot of area
i can't recommend this enough.
doesn't cause me to break out.
i can't live without this now.
this product did not disappoint
it also did not cause me to break out at all!
nor did it make it oily
my skin is picky about what it accepts
let the whole day
wouldn't recommend using it all over your face unless you dull it down because it will probably cause breakouts
i would give it 5 stars
then when i don't use it all
i don't know how it works, don't care.
can't ask for more.
i would definitely recommend this product.
this did the trick
t does not absorb quickly
does not leave you greasy at all
not bad or anything, just not my preference.
could i be going blind maybe?
i just don't see those lines i mean i frown
please don't get too upset if it's not for you.
just sharing what it did for me
hope this helps someone out there
i really do believe it "rejuvenate
seriously wouldn't hesitate picking this up!
don't let anyone who says all natural is always better
can't imagine what cream will knock this one out of contention for me
this is gonna last a good amount of time
love that it doesn't make your face so shiny
i really like that you can also use it on your neck
that i decided to try the biorewind am
ask for sample from sephora if you don't want to spend this much on something you are not sure about
this worked for me when nothing else would
doesn't make me break out
you don't need to use a lot.
couldn't decide what to rate it
doesn't completely get rid of it
i will try anything
i do not totally underst
i would seriously give it a try
if you put on too much though
agree with my skin
so you can see how difficult for me was to find something that my skin wouldn't fall
if you don't like it
you can return it
you have 30 days that you can use it
if you're still not satisfied
you can't lose with this one.....i'm just sayin'.
if you put on any serum prior to use it'll be just fine
you can use this day
he wouldn't use it---so
'm wondering if this is not hydrating enough
have to watch everything i put on it for breakouts
if your thinking about it, get it!!!!
i couldn't believe how fast it worked- just 1 try took away a lot of my dry skin
i would recommend to anyone.
major acne scaring like i did you should give it a try
i gave it four stars because i'm not sure what to attri
was afraid to do so for fear of my skin looking worse
which aren't the bad reviews left just so someone can read it
i honestly think it helps clear up my breakouts
did not break me out
this doesn't break me out
trust me when i tell you its worth the $48!
i couldn't get it to clear up no matter what i tried
i don't use it daily
this stuff really does work as they say it will
i really enjoy it because it hasn't broken my skin out yet
i do think that if you tend to have dryer skin
yo our surprise this cream works so much better then prescription ever did
feel that i can write a fair review
can't complain that much
you know the kind
i think if you don't like the pale look
you might not like the finish this makes
i don't know about it helping with blemishes
you only need a little bit
dont think sensitive skin will have much of a problem
it doesn't last long
didn't intend to use it because it has alcohol in it
can't wait to see what long term use will do for my skin
my face feels so smooth i just want to run my h
i won't because i'll probably break out more
i'd recommend trying it in store like i did.
i don't want to be so quick to call it my holy grail product
again in a month to let y'all know
how you can basically use it for anything to heal
it does what it says it does.
guess what happened this morning?
i usually don't break out that much
this product does exactly what it claims to do.
my goal is to repair my skin enough with this that i don't need foundation unless i'm going for the makeup look for a night out or something
can't remember the last time i went to work without foundation because so many people would ask what happened to my face
it does so much
if you struggle with acne or have very sensitive skin just know that this might break you out
we dont have too put that much cause its really greasy
i love that i don't have to wear any make-up over it
i figured that if this didn't cause problems for her it might be ok for me too
if i wanted more coverage
please never stop making this!
i cannot recommend it enough.
if i use too much of this
that shouldn't deter you
i don't usually write reviews
after trying this product i feel compelled
i don't mind that
you'll be good to go
this doesn't turn my face any color
this has seriously changed my make up routine in that i can now wear blush because i don't have my natural red coming through my foundation anymore
this is for you
this stuff is unlike anything else out there.
never thought i would say that
you almost think it didn't do much
don't get me wrong
no matter how close i look i see no product on my face
sometimes i use it in replacement of foundation if i just want something really light
somebody suggested this and it's a miracle.
i don't know how i lived without it.
if you're concerned about the color
you can use this alone
i can't apply too much
if i dont want to use foundation then i use this
this, however, is exactly what i wanted and more.
don't let the negative reviews on this run you off
if you're thinking of trying this
it does cover them up
does what it says
what exactly does "help support" wounded skin mean
i would recommend it to anyone.
couldn't wait to try it
hopes it does not break me out
i would not really recommend this to anyone darker than me
just a little does go a long way.
i don't use any foundation anymore.
i actually think it helps my makeup stay put.
i didn't want to like this
sometimes i have those days where i want to let my skin breath
one thing i did notice
perhaps i'm doing something wrong
if you put foundation over this
told me to bring it back if it wasn't working the way i wanted to after a week
if you use the right amount it works wonders
i would disagree with the other reviewer's
you don’t notice it at all
this is what i found:
so don't let the description fool you
this stuff doesn't provide as much coverage
it really does even everything out
it will probably last me forever
on most days i don't even bother to use foundation over it
love it love it need it can't live without it.
she definitely did not disappoint!
i did not believe the hype or reviews for this product
for a day you don't need a lot of make up this does enough to wear on its own
t may not be for everyone
i don't even need to wear a heavy coverage foundation anymore
that's why i can only give it 4 stars
i put too much
it didn't change color enough.
this product does exactly everything it says it will do
it doesn’t do that to me
this does some for it
if i let the primer sit for a minute
shout out to the guy at sephora that recommended i try the travel size
haven't been wearing any foundation or bb cream because i just don't need it anymore
usually don't feel like i need it
this doesn't make me break out
if anything, my skin is better.
i can even wear it without foundation
i do not wear foundation or a lot of makeup so for me it didn't cause a problem
let me tell you
i dont even feel the need to apply foundation
the only reason i didn't give this product 5 stars is because it doesn't leave me with a matte finish
it did exactly what it promised for me
i will recommend that you apply lightly
see if it works for you
not only will this jar last me forever
i did feel i could probably wear no make up with this application
i don't wear foundation anymore because this honestly just corrects my skin
i decided to give it a go anyways
i now feel and look like a new person!
i think you really get a lot for the price
make sure to apply where needed so you don't wash your entire face out
it feels like i have nothing on my face
i don't want to live without it
don't use too much
have tried everything to fix it
i almost don't need foundation
not only does it make my skin look great
it doesn't work that fast
doesn't hurt if it gets in my eyes
now this does exactly what it's supposed to do--make makeup removal
the reason i can't give it five stars is it does leave a bit of a weird smell
i got this with my beauty rewards just as a hey why not kind of thing
what can i say ... this stuff surprised me!
don't think you have to
your skin will live you forever
it will definitely do the job
you barely need any to get off all your makeup
i love that it doesn't irritate my eyes
t gets the job done for me
didn't think much of it
if you follow the instructions it's not hard to use
it does make me feel greasy when i first put it on lol
i do break out easily
shouldn't be your one
you should always double cleanse if you have applied anything to your face
not really get anything off
t doesn't pull at your skin
'm careful about what i put on my face
wasn't sure at first if i was going to like it
honestly it says right on the package you're supposed to rub it over your face for 2-3 minutes
it does the trick
don't let that discourage you
removes anything else that's left over
i would definitely recommend this product!
wanted to try something new
didn't need much product to take off a full face of make up
can't decide if i want to purchase this or the make up break up again
didn't really know what to expect.
it does take off my foundation.
i don't wear eye make-up so have not used it on my eyes
i also think it might have broken me out
this is the answer if you travel a lot
i will never go back
but it really does work!
i chose to give it a try
it didn't bother me
honnestly i did not really expect much
i wasnt really sure it actually removed everything
not too sure about all of the bad reviews
i can't yet say that i'm fully in the clear of no breakouts
not sure about bad reviews
even you dont use a soap
i personally recommend that just in case you wear a heavy make up
knowing me i will loose it
only because sometimes i forget to do this step
om strangers ask me what i use to get my healthy skin
i will never go without this
i would give it 5 stars
let me tell you
i don't like it
it's not bad enough for me not to continue using it
because i don't have to worry about making a mess over my sink/counter
it doesn't take much at all
i love how easily it takes off everything
however i don't like the feeling of my skin after using just this
at first i wasn't so sure about it.
if you're on the fence, give it a try.
you have nothing to lose .
you get used to it
it didn't irritate them at all
doesn't bother my eyes
it really does take all your make up off
was unsure it could do what it promised
the only reason why i do not give 5 stars is the smell of the product
boscia can do no wrong
thought i would give this one a try
this product does exactly what it says
this did exactly what the sephora salesperson said it would- took off my makeup
i honestly didn't believe the claim that it had immediate results
i while skin products don't work for everybody i do recommend this product to everybody battling with dry spots
f anybody has sensitive skin i would recommend to look into the ingredient list first
i wish i got this a sooner!
all i can say is
i think i was using it wrong
i didn't want to waste the product
i can't figure out how some arent getting any results
see what you think
usually dont stray away from aveda
i can't wait to see what is does when my skin is actually back to normal
the moment i used this product i could not believe how amazing
it didn't even matter because this mask had my back
everyone should get it!!
kinda let the mask sit
there is this "scent" i guess it could bother some people
if you dont want to deal with a mask that you have to wash off
i don't normally write reviews
i love that you can use it in the shower
did not hesitate to purchase this
not sure if there's a h2o activated technology or what not
the best thing i ever did was splurge a little on this cream
i can't believe the difference
i know that is very individual as everyone is sensitive to something else
think it is worth a try
it definitely did not disappoint.
i am only 28 so cant say much about the lifting part
this one i tried it because i had nothing to lose
i really cannot explain it
this stuff is everything promised, and then some.
this does exactly what sheer transformation does except that one is so light
this product does what it says.
if i wait long enough it won't
i don't know if i'll repurchase it because i have a routine i like that gives me great results for a little less money
if i find i miss it when it's gone
something tells me i will miss it.
this one did not disappoint
miracle cream if you ask me.
please do not pay attention to negative reviews about the smell
)caudalie can do no wrong in my book.
not sure what are the bad reviews
get this you won't regret it
you can use it day
it does make me look few younger!
you won't regret it!
figured i had nothing to lose
i could use it on my body if i didn't like it for my face
they don't do what this has done
for what it does, i would even pay more.
i do think this would be too heavy for daytime use for me
you don't really need a lot.
you don't need to use a lot.
don't be afraid of this not being enough.
caudalie can do no wrong in my book!
i encourage everyone to just seriously feel it!
even when i don't use primer
i cannot believe that i didn't find out about this product sooner
i don't remember exactly how i heard of lxmi
t might not work for you
please ignore the reviews about the smell!
if it didn't work for me
i still wouldn't return it
i like how light it is.
i didn't react to this cream
rarely do find products that love my skin as much as i do
i will never go back
you will not be disappointed!
this does it all.
i just couldn't ever seem to keep up
i can honestly say that my skin is exactly like how it is in the summer
there is nothing that'll make your skin this soft
don't want to spend the money
you'll be going back
she insisted that i try it out
please keep these products forever !
you get used to it.
you need very little to do your whole face
if you use too much
you'll know- because it does feel greasy
can anyone explain this, please?
you can never judge a 100% natural
i guess it can feel a little heavy if you put too much on
this definitely didn't break me out or cause more oil
not only do i love the way this goes on
i really cannot say enough about this product
it's definitely not the same as what i got
nothing would take them away
i won't be without it now.
i don't care what it is if it works
you will not regret it.
you can use it pretty much anywhere
i seriously am in love with this balm/oil/whatever it wants to be
that i feel compelled to write this early
pray for me cause i can't stop touching my face
there probably isn't enough room her to say all the wonderful things i have to say about this product
'll try to keep it short
i think you can actually eat it
can't way enough about how much i love this stuff
wasn't sure what to expect
what more could you ask for?
it doesn't change my honest review that this is one of the best things i've done for my skin
it doesn't break me out
when i use it i don't need a serum or an eye cream because it is really that amazing
i decided to give this a try
for sure recommend this for everyone.
you can use this on your face
it did make it feel much better
guess what i used
that's not the case with this one.
the next day i could tell a difference in my skin
i just didn't think it was anything special
i literally can't begin to express how amazing this stuff makes my skin feel
no matter what i use
when i saw this product i thought i'd give it a go
you can feel a little tingle when you put it on
a lot of eye creams don't do anything for me
i can't say it did too much for my fine lines
a nice opinion if you don't mind spending more on something reliable
everyone needs to know it
i can't not use it now; i must have it.
try it, you won't be sorry.
i wanted to invest in a more expensive eye cream because i don't want these lines to get worse
i wasn't expecting this cream to make them disappear -- that's impossible
i'd look for something else
i can't believe it actually worked.
please note, this is not an overnight fix.
when it does it does
i can't wait to keep using this.
oddly i thought my fine lines would improve if anything
nothing would truly help with crepy lids
i do apply it to my eyelids although the directions do not say to
and i must say...this stuff is amazing!
i find that if i wait just a minute or two
f you have sensitive skin it might work for you
don't think its the problem
having everything irritate you
you can definitely still feel this stuff on your skin after applying it
for now it is everything i need
let me tell you
i don't usually write reviews
no one paid me to write this review
they didn't carry this item
decided to try this product
if i am going to pay this kind of money
still do need to learn is
used to the smell because i want my skin to continue to look this good
i can only imagine how my skin will look after 30 days
can't believe how smooth my skin has become
you will see your skin change
i didn't want to get used to something i couldn't have
if i could i totally would because it smells really good
please don't change the formula just cause of some people's complains on scent
i can't tell whether it has helped
i decided to try this anyway despite it saying it's for oily skin
afraid to think what my skin might look like when i run out
i saw comments about how you shouldn't pull on your skin with an oil
i do feel like i need this product off my face asap
you might like it
if i am not careful, it can easily flake.
it does help things budge
don't break me out
you only need one pump for your whole face
i think this is it
its an oil but not how you would expect.
cant speak yet for hydration but so far so good!
this might be all you need to clean your face
if you're on the fence, get it!
thought i would try it.
i know it is the belif.
this one does the job
i finally found a product that does what i need
i don't think i will purchase the oil because it doesn't take all my makeup off
that's more than i can say for anything i've used before
can't say enough about that either
let me just say that this is amazing
can't wait to see what my face looks like with continuous usage
you get a ton in the jar yet it doesn't take that much to cover my face
feel like it'll last longer
never thought that would happen.
i don't know why since it was a 5 star review
i would 100% recommend this set to anyone curious or even for travel
think to myself "well i'm going to have to buy this mask for $100 a bottle now"
how can i not buy this?"
please give it a try.
you have nothing to lose
enough people don't know about this.
doesn't last so unless you are sensitive to that
i don't see how anyone would want to sleep in it
i decided to try this.
by the way lady's if you want to know more about good products for your face i record you check this you-tuber her name is renée
her reviews convince me to try this product
can't wait to see how this works for me with continued use
that's all i need to work it all over my face
you have no idea.
especially if you're not willing to pay a lot for the full size
i got this set because i wanted to try the exofliator
definitely worth a try if you're considering trying either products
i can't really comment on how effective the actual products are
i really like this set i really wanted to try the oil
it does it job
i seriously can't believe how soft
i wish they would rethink the packaging as it tends to leak a bit
i can tell this bottle will last me forever as well
if anything i feel like it helps any issues
it's a definite must try
it will work for you too
t might not be the same for everyone
i can't feel any texture at all
yes can't live without it!
when i would apply this it didn't make my skin produce any extra oil
i don't think i'll find a product as effective.
t will not give you headaches overnight
it might be just me
for the rest of my face it doesn't make it look oily or anything
don't be scared by the whiteish film that may show up on your face when you put it on
you don't have to rub it in super hard
i wouldn't believe it if it hadn't happened to me
you will love this pure if used correctly.
i couldn't believe how it worked over night!
i can't imagine anyone putting this on their face twice a day as recommended
this did not happen with pure.
i personally do not find this to be the case.
t actually does go on rather light
i wouldn't definitely give this a shot
can't live without it
i dnt think i will ever find a moisturizer better then this
more to the point where i can't wear much
it take times to sink in your skin this is why it's better for the night time
thought i would give this one a try
i think it's thick enough that you can put a little on
thought i would write this review
i don't even have to use my primer
just to give it a try
this is completely irrelevant when you see the results
don't let that deter you.
it can be a little off-putting until you're used to it
i wear it alone
finally this does it.
is the perfect no nonsense face cream that actually does what it says it does
face is everything you want in a rich
without a doubt get ask what i'm using everytime as it feels so good on the skin
she recommended to do this everyday at night time if you can
i would recommend to anyone.
a little does go a long way
'm sure this full size will last forever
this set is for you if you have ever wanted to try this line
i couldn't believe it
the only thing it can't get rid of which i underst
another thing i must say as a side note is make sure you keep your lips together to not let any get cleanser in your mouth
if you can call it that
i think it did well to cleanse my face
i don't know if i would purchase these together as a big set
if i felt inclined
definitely not a 'you need this!'
whenever i wear this people comment on how great my skin is
t didn't work perfectly
try it...you will love it!
didn't want to add any extra
i already use so many products that i don't wanna use even more :
i didn't know what to expect with this being a travel set
it didn't cause me to breakout or dry me out.
i wouldn't rely on this product to solve all your problems
i decided to give this product a try.
it actually does do wonders.
was willing to try it out
it wasn't like anything magical happened
it did help clear up my skin
whenever i use this product i can defiantly tell a difference in my skin
easy to take with you
i really feel like the bar is what does the most
sometimes i would forget to use it
it is like this product does the impossible.
i would recommend this to anyone!
at first i wasn't sure what to think.
my only complaint is how messy it can get
i would def want to try the other kinds to this set
i promise it wont change your skin to grey
wasn't sure what to expect
this is really helping to calm my skin when nothing else did
okay so usually i don't brag about high end face wash
i would definitely recommend this to anyone with the same issues
you don't need much to cleanse your face
just want to pamper yourself
it's perfect for someone who is on the go
i would gladly pay for it once i run out
honestly i can't be more satisfied with this set.
no matter how careful i'm
like the way they make my skin feel
let me tell you i was breaking out
i cannot wait to try the white marble bar that everyone is raving about
i most definitely recommend trying whatever products first your skin type
this doesn't irritate it at all
i would definitely recommend this product!
t has a tendency to get everywhere
i would say this product is for the kind of person with not really bad skin
i’ll have to use it more to really see if it is doing anything for that
let me tell you
it defiantly does it job.
when you use this
it didn't feel dry anymore
you can easily use the packaging for something else
i didn't know how it would work for me since i have combination skin
since if you're not careful about letting it dry it can get a little funky
you can tell the oils are gone
i cannot get over how amazing this set it!
doesn't cause any type of breakout afterward
it doesn't seem that way anymore
it doesn't last long
i probably wouldn't have ever tried it if it weren't for getting it complimentary
i didn't know if i was going to like it because this is a completely new thing for me
em everyday for a week
so far i like it
i like this product but it doesn't 'wow' me.
money trying to find a product that does that for me
it does exactly as it says
this didn't at all
these products did not break me out orcause any irritation
i did enjoy how clean my skin got.
not oily like i thought it might
i really didn't like the idea of putting oil on my face
never thought i might need more hydration
do what i need to do i wasn't the least bit annoyed that i had to use 2 products because my skin felt so great afterwards
i did not need to do this
if anything my skin feels ten times better than it normally does
i don't think i would spend $28 on it just because i'm not a huge bar soap for my face kind of person
i do not think i would use the oil everyday because it feels heavy
i don't think everyone used the system correctly
i think helps take off make up
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of my dry skin
if you wait a little i dont fell anymore oil in your skin
im not sure if i like or not
if not give this a try
this didn't break me out
i did like that you use the bar after the oil
also, i don't break out as much as i used to.
i can't wait to try more erno laszlo products
this is going to be good for you if you have dry skin
i would definitely recommend if you suffer from dry
this product does not disappoint !
suddenly find youself needing something less stripping?
it did not irritate my skin which i liked
... i would definitely recommend it.
cannot recommend it enough
i don't want to make it too oily
it usually happens when i try new products
... would definitely recommend it.
was not sure what i would get
it doesn't take long at all
love the oil more then anything else
the only downside is that i personally don't love soap in bar form
the only thing i dislike about this set is that the oil doesn't have a pour top
watch your face go wow with this product
you must try this product!
you won't regret it!
this product makes me want to get better at it
i don't feel that it does a very thorough job as my second cleanse
i would definitely not rely on it to get all makeup off
i would definitely recommend this one
i will say that i have to use something else to get my mascara off because this doesn't get it all off
i can already tell a difference in my skin
i don't want to even go back to the oil
this does not effect my honest review
this product not only makes you feel clean
i'd recommend getting this product if ur having trouble finding a product that works for you
this is definitely a product i would recommend
this did the trick!
i can honestly say it has worked wonders on my skin
i am definitely going to continue to use it
for the sake of testing in case something goes wrong
i would recommend it to anyone
'm glad this did not break me out or burn
i think soap is one of those products that people don't put a lot of thought into
i can't wait to try it out
this set did not feel 'soapy'
i do not write many reviews
i really do like this product.
it's not something i would personally purchase
i can't say it is my #1 choice
let me tell you
don't really feel like i need a toner
but let me tell you!!
t was refreshing to know that i do not have to worry about a product burning my skin when i use it
need to be careful what i use on my skin
i felt like it didn't remove all my make up
i don't think the combination is necessary every single time you wash your face
i will certainly use it when i need it
can't speak for that
it doesn't break me out
cannot stop using this
i find it hard to find things that don't burn my skin
i totally recommend getting this to try out
see if it works for your skin
it's not that big of a deal because i always follow up with a moisturizer
i still prefer a cleanser that can remove all make up because i need something that saves me time
i do like the formula
i think i've wasted most of it just cause it goes every where
influenster for free to give my honest opinion
see what else comes off
i guess i'll have to get used to it.
this duo didn't give me that issue at all
did not get in to my eyes
didn't know what to expect
how are you supposed to remove your makeup if you follow that line of thought?
if you get a chance to try this product pls do.
you won't regret it especially if you have sensitive skin
my skin didn't react in any bad way after using this
the only thing i dislike is it being in a soap bar form as i don't always go to grab this kind of product
they did not irritate my skin at all.
this product did not make my skin break out at all
i can't get it out
it doesn't change how well the cleansing bar works
prefer something like this
watch your face go wow with this product
you must try this product!
you won't regret it!
i highly recommend you try this!
i can carry it with me
the only downfall i have to say is that i wish that it came with some kind up pump for the cleansing oil because you do have to pour it out on your h
it doesn't at all
if i do say so myself
so far i like it
i can definitely feel it
well you guessed it
if this isn't a big deal for you
i'd say give it a go
i never thought i would use oil to clean my face
wouldn't have tried it otherwise.
don't know how people with it would react
i do recommend it to try at least
this baby does no harm to my skin
places i really like so more people will want to try it
this is my go-to :
i don't mind that i have to scoop some out
which i do like
i don't know why this product receives so low score than it should earn
let me tell you
don't let that stop you
i don't do masks often anymore
it does what it claims to do
would recommend this for sure!!
this particular eye cream just doesn't live up to the rest of the line imo
i always come back to it
it 'll last you forever
would definitely recommend it
i can't say that i notice a huge difference in my fine lines-
i do not regret it
you actually do get a good amount of product
i think i will stick to this one until i try a sample i like more
they cannot turn back time.
you get more for your money
you get a lot for your money too!
you get a lot of product
i don't see this running out any time soon
i would certainly recommend this to others!
i now feel comfortable to run err
only thing i wish it did more of
it's so soft to put on and you barely need any.
yet my circles do not fade whatsoever
f you're on the fence i recommend you buy
won't be running out anytime soon
everything you'd want from belif
definitely will last you forever
you really don't need to use a lot
i think i have tried them all
if your like me
it does not foam but for me thats helpful
i like the dropper so that i always get the same amount i want
you only need a little bit to apply to your whole face
i wouldn't really say it has changed my skin
i think it does a ok job
i don't have any lines or wrinkles to worry about yet
thought it worth a try
i think i need to use it a little longer
you don't need much product per use
thought i'd give this a try
i can't imagine how long the full size would take to finish
i used it when i wasn't quite in need of this much hydration
but it does work!
clearly it's not meant to replace your daily am mositerizer
told them to get this
the product does exactly as it says.
sometimes if i'm not careful
don't think it is great to use during the day as a h
the consistency isn't what i expected
they just weren't enough
unfortunately that took me awhile to do
i never want to be without it.
this product does not do that at all.
i wake up with a healthy glow i no longer feel like i need foundation if i'm stepping out to run a quick err
what do you expect
i wasn't sure if this was actually for the face
i think this would be great to do at night!!
figured it would be nice for my h
i can't wait to see how else i can use this!
yes it goes on thick- i didn't quite know what to expect with the first application
f that texture off puts you i would not recommend it
don't make it worse
i wouldn't let it touch my face
i don't know how
t doesn't get in the way of work
then this product is not for you
some people may not realize what they're buying
i gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because i do not like the sent
which i do sometimes
you're going to want to slather it everywhere
i highly recommend this to anyone that does a lot of work with their h
this helps when i cheat a little bit
you should try if you have stubborn dry
if you want illumination, this is what you pick.
you can't find it here
thought i wanted to tell you that it does work
just because i like it
i really did with this one
this actually did it!
honestly if you can get passed that
i don't know why everyone is complaining
i do think that
i honestly used it as a primer for my face
if that's what you're going for
i don't think that's what most of us are going for
what i like to do
don't hate this stuff because you put it all over your face
i didn't think that i would get anymore use out of this product because what use is a moisturizer if you can't use it to moisturize your face
i really wish that this was something that i could use all over my face
love using it as a highlighter for days when i don't want a full face
i just don't use it enough
i didn't need foundation at all
i don't agree with those saying you need foundation over it because it's too sparkly
i personally don't find that it makes much of a difference under my foundation
in theory i should hate this product.
i did not want my face looking like a disco ball
not sure why there's so many negative reviews.
try it out for yourself
however this isn't something i could realistically see myself using daily
that does not matter to me tho.
i personally didn't buy this because of the reviews
i guess it depends on how you want to use it.
if you want to look like the tin man i would use it as a primer
it's definitely not terrible depending on your use of it
no matter your age
i would wear this alone if i just wanted to shimmer
it definitely didn't stop me from looking oily
i do think it would look fine on any skin tone
it does not slide
just a little will do the trick!
you can't see the glitter unless you get really close
i honestly don't get all the negative comments because it's exactly as described
as you can read in their description of this item
yes you can definitely see it once it's applied to your face
if you put it under foundation
under a full coverage foundation you can't tell it has glitter at all
i would not wear this alone
i instantly see the difference-- i literally just got this
does exactly what it says it will do
i can't believe so many people dislike it.
i don't think you'll be disappointed.
you should try it
then fall in love with it like i did
i don't think i've seen a product with such opposite reviews
the only thing i can think of is that maybe they have darker skin
i don't put on any type of foundation i just use this product
if you are hesitant like i was
it does nothing bad to my skin
but if you want that extra sparkle, go for it!
i honestly do not know why or how all these people are saying it has glitter in it
or wherever you put this you will not see glitter
it could go not only on your face
i would never use this alone
doesn't break me out
when i first got it i didn't use it
then one day i was like i'm gonna try it out
they aren't that bad to notice a difference that quick
protect your skin while you're young or you will regret it later
i think it did help with my dark circles.
don't get much sleep
i don't know if i say any immediate effects
i would definitely recommend this product
do not use anything with retinol is you have millia
it didn't feel like i had put on anything at all
even if you use it ever now
makes me look much more awake
cannot speak to how this product helps with that
it just doesn't work
i can say it did not irritate my undereyes
this eye cream did not disappoint
wasn't sure what to expect
i think i will continue to do so
that does double duty for me
i did not have enough product in my sample size to know if it would brighten my dark circles
i did deduct one point just because i find that
it doesn't bother you or move around
you only need a little.
if there's one thing i know is that the formula in vissionaire does wonders so when i got the chance to try this new eye cream sent complimentary from influenster i was super excited
i definitely would recommend this product to help make someone less tired
even if you are not
i wasn't sure if it would work well as a primer
which i do not
i intend to save up
i don't know if this product really does anything besides hydrate
wasn't sure what to expect
it doesn't irritate at all.
if you suffer from either one this is a must for you
why not give it a shot?
i didn't expect much when it came to this eye cream
when i actually tried it
it didn't highlight my dark circles like i was afraid it was going to do
luckily i don't need a lot for my eyes
i cant be 100% sure that product does what it says on the package
i 'd have to try it longer
give it another try
i did not know if it was my face because i used all kind of mask sheets from sephora
i want to recommend this to everybody who has dry
i want to see how it works as a serum step in the summer before i decide weather or not i'd get it again
you only need a little bit
one thing i do like about it is that it doesn't leave my t zone glowing by mid day
if you needed an intense moisturizer this would probably not be my pick
it doesn't give me breakouts
if you are not expecting miracles
when i say better i mean
i dont know if it really firmed my face
dont really need it
i didn't want to love this as i didn't want to rely on another expensive product
all in all just didn't see a reason to run out
but i don't care.
thick enough so you don't have to use a lot of product
didn't mind it at all
i just wish i got it sooner
i may be crazy
that's when it really started to make me think i should consider purchasing it
i decided i would go into my local sephora
i think it works better then any primer i've used so far
nothing happens over night so you can't expect it to magically transform your face anyway
i don't know how to explain it
that i shouldn't have to work this hard to use it
worth it if you can hold your breathe long enough to apply it
i decided to give wrinkle warrior a shot after trying other products that did nothing for me
i will never go without it
i couldnt say enough good things about it
i am not someone who pays more than $50 max on any given product
you need this in your life!!!!!
well assuming youre not 20 with zero wrinkles or need for something of this stature
can't say i'm going to spend this kind of money to actually own it though :
i never noticed until after i used this that it would just sit on my skin a lot
someone said, they couldn't stand the smell.
can't believe how good my skin looks.
nothing has helped them relax
i don't know how it will work long term
whatever this does to my skin
can't say this works for my "fine lines"
when i want to do some anti-aging
if you watch the video
you'll see the before
1/2 pump is all you need.
i really have nothing bad to say about this product
this did not break me out
a lot goes a long way so you don't need that much
this would likely turn you off
one pump is all you need-- anything more you will be sticky for a little bit
this is the wrong product for you
miracles don't happen overnight.
the verdict: definitely try it while you have a chance to do so for free
if it wasn't such a miracle product i wouldn't be able to justify the price tag-
i love the fact that i can apply this
it did not cause any irritation at all
i would definitely recommend it.
let me start by saying i'm only 18
i imagine if i had wrinkles it would definitely fill them out
i don't think you'll be disappointed
if you're debating, just try it.
everyone else, read on!
i am going to put this on my wish list for sure as my next primer
this doesn't break me out either
so right off the bat i didn't think i would like it
if you're trying to make your foundation stay all day
i didn't expect to love it as much.
two in one item, who wouldn't love this?
could wear it alone or under your make-up
i don't see the glow anymore
i can't say enough good things about this!
i love using this when i don't want to wear makeup
i put this on when i don't want super matte that day
i will say that if you're oily
i wouldn't put it on your nose if you want an all over matte look
i can't think of better words besides healthy glow
which i think helps even out my skin
i don't even use another primer with this
perfect for those days when i don't want to apply makeup
this product does what it says.
you guys have to try this one if you really like coconut because it was so little in terms of the smell
this is neither good or bad.
didn't bother me, but wasn't blown away by it.
i don't know what the reviews are about shimmer
i didn't think i was going to love it the way that i do
i really didn't expect to love it as much as i do
that's not necessary with this product
i feel like i can wear this anytime.
you owe it yourself to at least order the small one
this not only does that
i would defiantly recommend trying this.
i think it's a great price for the amount that you get
i swear every time i wear this without makeup everyone either asks me what my skin care regimen is or tells me that my skin is amazing
don't put too much cause it'll make you look like a disco ball
i don't know why
may not be what you need for a primer
see if there's any difference
i don't know if you had oily skin type you would enjoy this primer
was afraid to even try this
it does not make me oily
i didn't even want to put on foundation afterwards because it looked amazing on my skin
which is what i like
i felt like i was never going to get the look i see on others
it is seriously the best thing to ever happen to me
no other primer/ nothing
don't do much for my skin
fill your pores then this doesn't really do that
t will last awhile
does was it is supposed to
i cannot believe it took me this long to find a primer that made my make-up application flawless
i can't say this product helps the situation
i would definitely recommend this to everyone who has dry skin
doesn't break me out either.
have never found one that my skin doesn't react to
i actually didn't like this at first
i can pass that
i take it with me travelling
believe me when i say the best things are not always expensive
it was the kind where i tried literally everything
i couldn't believe it.
decided to give it a try
if you're a fan of micellar waters i would definitely give this one a go
'm still going to use it
because it's not gonna last long
i can't believe how easily it takes off makeup!
i don't know if it mattifies that much
i don't know which one i love the most
i don't want them just to travel
i want them to use everyday
t doesn't linger long enough to be an issue
washing my face if just not a daily thing for me- i simply can't bring myself to do it
i know this will come in h
you don't need that much
i don't know if it helps my acne.
it does everything you need
i don't want to use anything else
don't go too hard on my skin
i wish i knew about it sooner!
i would recommend this to anyone!
i don't mind that
with this product i dont have any problem
i can't wait to try the other ones
return it if you don't like it
doesn't make me break out
please make a bigger bottle!!
so there's why i'm not giving 5 stars
i definitely want to try the charcoal one too!
definitely recommend getting it.
it's not going to last me at all
i can't say anything for actual cleansing properties
it did not irritate me at all
as you can see
i don't have all the skin factors this stuff is supposed to address
just for me right now or anyone with similar skin concerns i don't think it's worth the price
if you're not a fan
you owe it to your skin to give this product a chance
all i can say is
the reason i'm not giving this product 5 stars is because it made my t-zone look greasy
i don't really use primer on my face
i can see why people may not like the fragrance
it is more of a serum so you may need something else
you could even just wear this if you wanted to
as you might imagine
i don't think younger women need it.
i highly recommend this if you don't have time to throw on makeup
i asked the staff what this actually is
i give it a 4-star for not doing anything bad on my skin
don't really know how to explain
does what it says
even though i'm a sephora addict this is the first time i've ever written a review for anything because it's just that amazing
i would definitely recommend this
ask if he could do one too
i don't know you
it goes on nice, i wasn't sure how much to use.
let me just say game changing
all the stuff you do that make you look yucky post-flight
sometimes trying several in a day or trying just one that doesn't agree super irritates my skin
'll never be without it
after i use this, i really can see difference.
you need to own this mask
i didn't think it was possible
thought i would give it a try tonight
though i wouldn't explain them as hives
so on a whim i decided to use it on my reaction
so of course with this kind of result on my body i couldn't wait to try it on my face
let me tell you
i promise you won't regret it
i don't need to use a lot of the cream
you will see a difference
did take a course on skin care
i always go see her every time i need help
you can feel the difference immediately
a product that will actually do what it claims to do
they don't show as much
first of all if you are sensitive to smells i would not recommend this
on my skin it feels great it doesn't have that extreme cooling effect that i thought it would give
what i needed for my skin
seriously, try it out.
so for the price, i don't know if it's worth it.
what i did was
i'll continue to recommend this to anyone that will listen
you have to let it dry for a minute or two
no idea if you go straight to something thicker
if you look down the bottom of the product you can see that there is empty space
don't get me wrong
i'll try something else next
i don't hesitate using this product
it didn't bother me any
asks if she can get me a sample of this product
it does not feel heavy at all
you feel the difference instantly
can't wait to use it in the summer
i swear by this product and you need to try this!
they didn't have the immediate/real results this mask does
you do get quite a bit for the price
so don't let it deter you
don't miss out on this product!
i don't know how i lived without this
it so easy to apply
unlike anything else i have ever used.
refreshing when you apply it
and it doesn't make me break out which is a plus!
that didn't happen with this product
i can't recommend this enough!
i recommend that you try the small size if you are on the fence to try this
it didn't do anything amazing for my complexion so far
my eyebrow lady asked me if i have been doing something to my skin because it looked way better than last time
t doesn't leave any kind of film or shine on my face
i usually do not write reviews
i think i'm gonna have to break down
doesn't have any alcohol
you don't need a whole lot
after a while it wasn't working for me anymore
you only get a little bit of product for the amount of money you pay
how wrong i was!
i would strongly recommend this to anyone.
doesn't break me out
i actually like it better
go try it right now
although i really like it i don't know if i can justify the price
i would definitely recommend this
can't find anything to help it
i don't like it for everyday since it doesn't have spf
it's one of the few products that does what it says it will do
it doesn't--if that makes sense
i won't look back
i almost want to go ahead
i did not think i would end up liking this product because it was literally like putting water on my face
i didn't think anything could be better than belif aqua bomb
i can't quite decide on a favorite
i don't need a lot --
this stuff does not
does not feel heavy
does not leave you oily looking on your t-zone
i want to say that it maybe even helped me stay matte a tiny
i do wish it wasn't so expensive.
this cream doesn't even feel like i've put anything on
if your not going to buy it i would at least get a sample at sephora
this stuff doesn't bring either of those problems out
i cant wait to try more from peter
see how it goes
his products do not disappoint
i actually really like it but wish it had spf.
it does make me soft
i wouldn't replace my yttp with this
buy this for your face you will love it
not the cream since i didn't know what the full size actually looked like
this is a must try if you can afford it!
you're not gonna get it from this stick
just want to touch up
i don't think i would recommend this for oily skin though
can't say enough great things about this product
i do not wear "foundation"
it blended so well that i didn't need to worry
you do not need alot of the product
what i love about this product more than the blurring effect is that it really does even your skin tone
its not meant to give you a coverage
if you don't need full coverage
this did not disappoint
although this has spf 45 i wouldn't ever know it
it makes it look like you don't have any
at first i wasn't sure if this would work on my fair skin
i don't know if its the antioxidants in it or what
i can't say enough about it!
you really only need the one pump
can't wait to see long term results.
this product can be a good addition to your regimen if you're willing to spend the money
if you're thinking about trying this out i'd say go for it
i would recommend this to anyone who has any sort of acne problem
no matter how big or small
especially good for combination oily skin because you can select exactly where you want to put it on your face
t doesn't really matter to me
must insist on everyone who loves to look fresh
rilliant-make-up know it all :
i do like it so far
i liked this bc you don't have to touch your face with the product
don't think i'll find anything better anytime soon
i don't normally write reviews on here
i honestly don't remember the last time this was a reality for me
i don't think i've used any since i got this product
this does not make me breakout or block my pores at all
although i've never had an issue with it messing up my makeup unless i use too much of the product
no matter what time of year, it's always oily.
i don't know how this works so amazingly
so that is what i did
that never happens to me!
i will say that a little goes a lot way
you will love this product if you want your skin to look like it has life in it
my makeup didn't smear or anything--it was like it was new again
it really does what it says only need to touch up once or maybe twice if the day was pretty rough
i couldn't believe how well this product actually worked
don't even think about it buy it now!
you can see it on the pad i never notice it on my face
if you look close enough to my face
i do not wear foundation
so maybe that's why i had such a good result
i couldn't believe how quickly it mattified my skin
i can't get enough
so of course when i saw that this product mattified your make-up i did not really truely believe it was going to be as great as it was
and i don't need this product at home.
i've never tried anything like this.
i do wish you could buy replacement applicators because i can see it will get dirty quickly
if you are oily, you need this!
this product does what it says.
which is hard to do
and it does what it says.
no matter what i use
i would say it is worth a try for anyone oily!
that i don't have to constantly do a re-touch
what it does for my skin
especially if you want instant gratification (:
i didn't want to get out of the shower!!!!
exactly what i needed
i would definitely recommend this.
it does not burn
i completely disagree with the posts saying do not use if you have sensitive skin
you also know it's gonna last a while
i wish they would come out with this in a stick form since i don't like having to put my finger into jars:
first off, i'll explain how i use this product.
it does seem to sit on my skin
it still doesn't make me break out
i didn't give 5 stars because i don't think it moisturizers my skin as much as set on it
didn't cause me to breakout
i don't really notice that this makes my t-zone any oilier
i get a ton of them
when you apply it
not sure if its the product
i hope they don't stop making this!
the minute i read i could use it as a primer i did
i definitely recommend if you have sensitive skin
this is not bothering me one bit
when u press you lose a lot of cream
tend to mess everything up when you stop
i would definitely buy this knowing it'll fix any skin problems i have
f you don't like that smell this wont be for you
i did not mind it
with every cleanser i use it either doesn't work at all or works
cannot wait for it to come
i also do not mind the scent at all
it is definitely not what i was expecting.
i like that i can control how gritty it is.
you can actually feel how much cleaner your skin is after the first use
this way i'm not using my h
when i apply it
yet if i works
does the job it says without making my skin break out
i don't have any problems
i don't know if it's due to the fact i haven't been using it that long
you know your skin
if you get a reaction there
worse comes to worse, you'll have to return it.
don't do anything other than irritate my face
if you compare it to the glamglow masks it's the same price
as if all that wasn't good enough
for how little you need to use
really recommend it to everybody!
this product does wonders for your face!
i don't even need to apply foundation after this mask
i decided to give a go
cant believe how smooth my skin feels after
i hardly ever do reviews
i couldn't help doing one on this product
clear i don't even need foundation
if there's one thing on your counter you're going to splurge on
i think this is it
i think i need to return my tatcha mask bc the de blows it away though
sweet i can't even explain just don't get it in your mouth please oh
i don't even know where to begin with this product
you don't use very much
i would recommend that you give it a try
i didn't really see that big of a difference after using this
this is going to save me money!
if you've ever had a glycolic facial you know it won't last long
i did research on what can clear my skin up.
i doubt if it works
i don't won't to ever be without this mask!
i do not regret it
i will warn you
or it could burn you
bought this thinking my face would burn like everyone was saying
let me tell you
do not use anything else besides the marula oil
did not break me out
we need these amazing products of yours to stay amazing
i think it's important to keep in mind that this product does tell you that breakouts as you start to use it are normal
this will literally change your face!
i've never found anything that this issue would respond to before this stuff
i could tell a huge difference
is it right as rain u may ask?
i will take that improvement anyday
did not break out
ladies if you're on the fence here, don't be!
you can't put a price on your face
if you want something that works
so,i never give 5 stars for anything.
definitely know how bad those suckers can burn
go get it y'all!!
i decided to put this on anyway
i would recommend trying this even if you're hesitant
you can always return if it's not for you
it give you results you can see after the first use
this mask does everything it claims to do.
this product does what it promises
after that i don't feel it
i think i will follow the recommendations because it does have a high aha content
where you can see them
i mean they were annoying to me
i don't think i could live without it now
i honestly did not want to love it because of the price
i can't wait to try all the products from this br
yess i did use the oil
it's the only thing i've found that does
this made it completely flatten/disappear because i can no longer see them anymore
it does go away
you don't need much to get the job done
it's crazy how i was able to see such a difference the first try
i can't wait to see how much more this product will transform my skin as i continue to use it
can't speak for this product alone
i can't wait to see what this mask continues to do for my skin
i want to carry this bottle like it is my baby.
after i do this
i did not mind
i didn't have crazy high hopes or anything
which is really something let me tell you
i really had no idea what i was getting into.
either broke me out or did nothing for my skin
let me tell you, it is so good.
if you want super soft skin get this!
as if it couldn't get better
can't say it will work for everyone
just thought the product wouldn't work for me
it does not break me out at all
i love it so much i'm willing to spend half my paycheck on this xd
or so it goes away.
it is not harsh and did not leave me too red.
because you're not supposed to use both
thought i would give this a try
i can't believe the difference in my pore size
what i really notice now
i still can't believe it!
the thing i love most about de is that they don't claim to be 100% natural
when you put it on
let your skin do it's thing overnight
if you've been hesitating, don't.
if you're going out on the town
want to do it the night before
i first want to note
it wasn't awful enough that i wanted to take it off
i really didn't want to like this because of that hefty price tag
not so good that i had to go out
i just couldn't believe my eyes
i can actually feel
i didn't expect to love it as much as i do.
the fact that i like this so much :
i got this as a sample and i mean, you guys.
this doesn't work for them
i did get a little red
was initially skeptical because i didn't want to get a bad reaction
so far i'm in love <3 definitely a product i'd recommend to anyone
i usually do not write reviews
i try my best to do what i can to get rid of them
man it did not let me down
everything you buy is a hit or miss
for people like us
one little thing can completely screw up a clear streak you have going
please believe me when i say this has changed my life
just don't get it in your eyes
i did notice that if i place it directly on broken skin it will sting a little
can't imagine using a different product
i think if i had one complaint it would be that i can't get a perfect balance of cream
i wish that bosia would fix that
i must say i recommend it
i personally don't find it that lightweight
i don't know much about wearing this under foundation because i only use it at night
i can't wait to get another
forever it felt like nothing would cure it
i cannot recommend this enough!
i normally don't write reviews
i did decide to mix the entire jar together
after just one use not anymore
this doesn't irritate me
buy this i promise you you won't be disappointed.
they never did anything extra special for me
then i happen to read some unflattering reviews about it's not worth the price which discouraged me further
i could not believe it.
don't let other reviewers deter you because of the price
when getting ready for bed i don't want my skin to feel irritated even if it looks amazing in the morning
rating this product 5 stars because it still does everything it promises for your skin
honestly i have people stopping me on the street asking what i use on my skin
when i use it i know i'm doing so much good for my skin
i can't wait to order this again!
you won't regret this
what more can i ask from a beauty product?
what do you expect???
maybe next year there won't even be anymore of this product
wasn't sure what to expect with this
i don't use it on my face
i need to tell you that this product is amazing
i cannot describe to you how amazing of a product this is
it makes all the difference to do it this way.
i cannot seem to find a way to apply it nicely
it simply makes any of my products better.
i've never found anything like it
i can't wait to try this next time i straighten my hair
you really do see a difference over night.
you really don't need to apply a lot
the packaging does make it difficult to see how much you have left
what a difference right away
i can't say enough good things about the product itself
i can tell a difference in my texture
does what it claims
i still like it
try the small one if you're skeptical at all.
am not necessarily sensitive
i don't experience any burning
does completely what it says
not sure what convinced me to purchase the product
decided to give it a try
i cannot image going without this product again.
why there are times when i think if i smile my face will crack
i felt it was necessary since i can't say enough good things about this product
i dont use it during summer
this doesn't break me out at all
i definitely dispute that this jar says never greasy – i definitely could see this is being greasy to just about anyone
you really need very little.
i can't imagine how much these people are using who are saying it's greasy
let me tell you
just go and get a sample and try it for yourself!
i can honestly say i prefer this to all the others
if you like a rich
although i really don't have a lot of darkness
leave them looking nice
nothing wrong with that!
would recommend this to anyone
i don't tend to wear it during the day
unless i am going without makeup
chin should do the trick
i wasn't sure what to expect
don't find many that do the job for me
that is exactly what i'll compare my results
they really hurt my skin
just one wrong product
i can't say enough positive things about it
i don't need it
i think the secret to this product is using a lot less than you think
just what i needed
it definitely does not break me out.
whenever i use it
given that this is a newer product by sunday riley- i feel compelled to write my first review to tell people wondering whether or not this is a smart buy
you won't regret it.
someone who isn't will see this last quite a bit longer
it does exactly what it says
i didn't think twice about it
which i do not do everyday
the only thing i don't like is how thick this product is
i do love that my makeup doesn't settle into my fine lines
wanted to try this too
i decide to give this product a shot because sunday riley rarely lets me down
tidal doesn't do anything for me in the winter
don't be afraid of the price tag.
needless to say i bit the bullet knowing i could return if it didn't perform
t doesn't bother me
i really wish they would've avoided that.
it was enough to see that it doesn't break my skin
or something of the sort.
my face can tolerate
give it a try...you won't regret!
i said to myself what are you doing?
if you know you can't st
it did wonders to my skin!
it did not make me break out at all
then again i really don't have many.
it did not bother my makeup routine at all
a little does go a long way
i no longer splurge on ysl foundation as i don't need it
please carry the entire kopari line in stores-thank you
doesn't break me out
i don't tend to feel the need to write a review on products
i wasn't sure what to expect
perfect combo, you should definitely try it.
i honestly didn't have high hopes for this product
you don't need much product at all to get a nice foam
so far i like it
we will see how it goes with the rest of the bottle
you can never go wrong with a great cleanser.
i would recommend this for just about everybody
i like that you don't need a lot for it to foam up
actually cause you to break out
i wanted it simply because it was called skin laundry
my face doesn't feel like it's gonna crack anymore when i finish washing my face
all you need is a little bit
makes your skin really softit has all the pros i could think about in a face wash
i don't want to get too ahead of myself here buuuut this face wash is amazing
definitely recommend trying it!
i don't even need to use very much of it to have a completely fresh
does exactly what it says it will
gentle cleanser for people who want something simple that still does the job right
my skin didn't react to it at all though
let me tell you this face wash is 10/10
you really can't beat the pice point either for the amount of product
this one was really something else.
it does that well
you will get your money's worth.
because he doesn't take care of his skin
this does wonder for my skin
even taking a picture every monday to know for sure if this product was worth not only the hype
i couldn't be more relieved that it actually does what it says it's going to do
that's the best way i can describe it
i won't be using anything else
i can tell when i do not use the combo
my face i can tell
remember that you wear your face everyday so take care of it
don't wait until you have signs of aging
once you know how to apply it properly
let me tell you
thought it would go on my list of things that don't do what they promise
it's the best by far of anything i have ever tried
i don't think i can turn back!!!
i usually don't leave reviews
i couldn't recommend it more
i've gotten many compliments people asking me what i did
so you will not lose any product
maybe only in the winter or something
it's given me exactly what every other product promised
i don't know what made me resume
if you really follow the directions
don't fix it if it isn't broken!
but it actually did.
i really did not want to like this product
you are getting what you pay for.
i really didn't want to like this cream because it is so expensive
decided to give it a try
i saw or read somewhere you are suppose to rub this product
if i don't do this i use so much product.
hope it's not this although i have read a lot of people do tend to
i wouldn't recommend using this in summer.
people cannot believe that i'm 48
not sure what would happen if i stop applying
not even a consideration when something truly works
i do not write reviews on something unless i truly think people need know they need it asap
i cannot stress enough how you'll love this.
pat it in like they recommend to get the results
if you just rub it in it straight out the jar it won't go anywhere
it's not objectionable enough to send it back
i don't know what else to say.
i actually save money with la mer when i was spending so much before trying to find that product that would make my skin ageless
you gotta use some pressure to really get it in the skin
i decided to give this a try
i decided to buy it because i do a lot of home treatments
wish there was something else that did the same job on my skin
there are some things i don't like about this product
if you're not ok with the price- look elsewhere
decided what the heck
you either didn't give it a chance
worth the money if you really want to see a significant change in your skin
i think it'll still last me another month
no matter what though
you need very little product.
it literally did nothing.
i will not use anything else.
la mer has always been the one that neutralizes all the shenanigans my face decide to do
this is one of those cult products that you want to hate
you won't regret it!
i don't know why
eventually i couldn't take it any more
if your don't like this cream exchange it or return it
you can't do that at holts.
wasn't in a rush to try it
i believe you get what you pay for
you would think they would put spf in it
a little does go a long way
i can overlook that
probably gonna keep using this cream for a long while
i then i would get little breakouts
when i run out i can see the difference in my skin
let me tell you the deluxe sample does it no justice compared to two weeks of use
you will see what i mean
i wish i could
yet you need to give it time to grow on you
naturally you can't get that from simply a deluxe sample
so happy sephora is carrying these products now- because it'll def help me keep my vib rouge status
it does leave a bit of a film after you press it into your face-
you don't have to use a lot
i always notice a difference right away when i stop using it
i wish i could send it back
wanted to give this a try since it's supposed to hydrate
they did not work
i do only use it at night now since i do not want my skin to adapt to the formula
for me didn't make it break out like my previous product did
it does exactly that
i don't know how it works with other products
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i don't know if "serum" is the right word for it.
you do have to shake it because it separates
i don't mind that
that didn't seem to exist
decided to give this product a try
a little goes a long way if you press it into the skin
if you are someone who
definitely get this if you want to minimize eye wrinkles
putting oil on them everyday didn't even do this
i can't say much about what it does to the face since i am only 20
i am pretty sure i won't use it all before the 3 months is up
i can really tell that it is repairing my skin like it says it is
i don't use it during the day because i am so oily i don't like anything on my face except primer
you should probably just stop reading my review
it doesn't seem to matter
i miss it when i forget or don't have time to apply
i hope shiseido decides to take this exact formula
i will agree that this would make a wonderful foundation
i like the way they look
will use it up though because i hate returning stuff
does nothing for me as a primer
my makeup looks flawless you only need a dime size in your t-zone
now i know that all product do not work everyone skin types
i found that it didn't do anything
if you pat it into your t-zone as your last step after applying your makeup
if you want your skin looks photoshopped
smooth thats what you need
i couldn't tell which side i had applied it to
i really didn't think that i'd be into this product
even though it is not a primer
although it's not a primer i use this right before i do my makeup
don't expect them to be hidden completely
i think if you had dry skin it might be a little much
you truly see a difference as soon as you apply it
this didn't give me any hydration
then this product certainly will do the job for you
it doesn't bother me
it doesn't have a silconey feel
thought this product wouldn't sit well with my skin type
it does exactly what is says
you can put it under your makeup or even just wear it alone
magic, i tell you.
it did exactly what it said it would
this product is unlike anything i've tried before
i would definitely recommend this product
i must say that it really does do wonders
what is what meant for
i would recommend trying this serum if you're looking to improve texture
it actually does what it says it'll do
i really had no idea what to expect at all
t really helped even out my skin
you can wear it under your foundation or on top of it
give this a try it's worth it .
felt i shouldn't wear it into the office
this is the product that i didn't know i needed
i guess a little does go a long way
i guess that’s another positive because you can feel that it really does work
let you guys know how it works for me
this truly does what it says it will.
i received this complimetary from influensterthis product does exactly what it says
i can tell you
it really does give off a blue effect.
you don't need to use too much product
i am so glad because i don't think i would have reached for it on the shelf
in my opinion this product does exactly what it promises to do
what can i say about this product.
honestly i cannot say a bad thing about this product
it is not a primer so do not think it does things like a primer
i can honestly say it does all three
i don't have to touch up at all throughout the day anymore
i really don't see it not working just as well
if you really want to treat yourself
you don't have time to touch it up
it allows you to apply any makeup you would need or foundation on top without it looking too caky
you don't need much
can't wait to use it more
you don't need much
it certainly does what it claims to
unsure how it'll do in place of or under smash box primers though
i finally couldn't afford $300 every 60 days.....
i would recommend this to anyone over the age of 40
it takes a lot to really impress me enough to make my "must have" list
decided to give this a try
i couldn't believe it
you just need a little of it
i don't see why not!
if i could give this more stars i would.
i would definitely recommend it.
not only does this make your skin beautiful
don't forget to put on your neck
don't know if either will work well for me then
i can not live without this
first let me say i never give reviews
i would just throw it away after i didn't like the smell or didn't like how my face looked after using it
i keep looking in the mirror like i can't believe it or i'm waiting to see something i don't like about it
can't wait to see results after using it longer
a little goes longer than you would think it would
this does not feel heavy on
thought what the heck
my skin can't get any worse
can't wait to see further results.
if you like the power line then you'll love this!
i can tell the difference in my skin every time i use it
i did not have this issue at all
if your oily combo you can't use this alone you'll break out you need to follow it with regular cleanser
it doesn't hurt if some get into your eye
you'll probably only need 1-2 pumps instead of 4 like i do
now i can't go back
if you don't know what i'm talking about just google: 10 step korean beauty routine
anything on your face?check again
i can't wait for more biossance products!!
my friends ask me if i did a facial!!
ladies if you want your guy looking smooth
i am pretty sure he'll like it and use it.
i can't recommend it enough
it does what it says
don't know how to call it
please read before giving this bad reviews.
please dont change your formula!
didn't like anything from sephora until this came out
actually does the job
i don't usually leave my opinion
it does what it says
they didn't read about the product
i don't have to mess with all that
f you haven't tried it yet
just don't expect any magical effects if you sleep 2-3 hours a day
nothing has ever taken my circles down to a point where i didn't need to wear concealer- until this one
will never use anything else ever again
something like this probably won't work for you.
if i stop using it i don’t see the benefits.
will continue to buy it unless i stumble upon something better
f that is really important to you i would recommend maybe using another cream in the morning for hydration
i can even feel comfortable going out without makeup
maybe i should keep it
i didn't even know my circles could be fixed.
some of them don't work
if it doesn't work
can't wait to try out the rest of the line!
does what it says
i wouldn't say it will get rid of your dark eye circles
please give this product a try if you suffer from dark circles
cant wait to try other products from this brand.
i would tell people to get more sleep
no one asked me if i was tired
not only does it work
which is really all you need
this does it all
even if i don't touch a breakout
i know that everyone's skin reacts to products differently
bonus i can feel good about what's in it
you can tell there was oil
i don't even know where to begin with this product
because i never want to be without it
i didn't think that i could love a face oil
wanted to try something with that anyway
i didn't know what to do
i just wanted to let everyone know how much i love this oil
i hope they will come out with a cream version so my hubby can use it too
i feel like it would be too much
i can't wait to see what they put out next because i'll be buying it
sometimes it can go horribly wrong too
i will definitely try more of their stuff.
this oil does not give me breakouts
like all the others you would be foolish to not make these your go to products
i can't say enough good things about it
it may just work for you
thought i was going to peel a lot
since i didn't want to waste the rest of the bottle
i personally haven't tried the others
it does not break me out.
cannot recommend it enough!
i seriously don't know what i've ever done without this oil
i think what i like most is the packaging.
you get a lot of product
i do like it for that factor
unbelievable since i have found this line of products i do not bother with anything else
don't be afraid of the term "oil."
a wonderful product that i don't ever want to be without
does not leave you looking greasy
can't recommend it enough
this is the stuff you need to buy
tell them to try it on
they can't believe it
dont actually feel as if i've put on a moisturizer
this doesn't cause me to break out
if someone told me i could only get 1 thing for the rest of my life
i wouldn't even hesitate
which i didn't realize
their description convinced me to give it a try
i just can't say enough good things about it.
i cannot talk about this item enough
i am trying to make him take better care of his skin
something just told me to try this product
whether i pop it or not
my only real con is that i can't see how much product is left
i would like to know what's in the bottle when it arrives
can't live without it.
i can't say enough good things about this product
only caveat is that when you push the pump down it kind of shoots out at you
t's good if you want to switch routines without making your skin freak out
whenever i get a blemish whether or not i pick at it
i didn't see any dark splotchiness
i could tell that this stuff was the real deal
can't wait to try their other products.
if you wait about 10-15 minutes
i just do my eyes
as i do not use any primer
i would definitely recommend.
they all make me break out
this is the only one that does not
i want something that is going to hydrate
gives you the right amount of product when you use it
they do a good job if you want a quick
yes i do get some pimples here
you get a lot of product for the buck
but it does work.
i didn't want this to work for me because it's expensive
after adding this, i don't feel dry anymore.
here's hoping they'll make their way in store too
the only reason i give it 4 stars
not 5 is because it didn't do anything "miraculous" to my skin--it's just a good daily moisturizer that does the job
what i love most about this product is it does in fact hydrate all day
it doesn't make me break out
i've tried a good amount trust me
anything makes me break out
i don't necessarily feel like it left my skin feeling any better than similar br
it also completely sinks in so you don't have to worry about it messing up your makeup
you know what i'm talking about
if you want to splurge
luxurious it feels when you go to apply it
is like nothing i have ever tried before
s or companies i do not believe in
all that i can get my h
you cannot go wrong with this br
if your eyes need some extra help
you cannot go wrong with the r
if it wasn't so expensive i would use on my whole face
did what it was supposed to for me.
i did not use it religiously
i didn't really think i had fine lines until i started using this stuff
sometimes i don't get home until 1:00 am
you will not be disappointed!
you can wear this under your makeup if you do not have a heavy h
when applied i was confident that it wouldn't cause me any harm
i think this is great eye cream to prevent not fix completely
anyways on to they eye cream as this is what you are trying to find out about
i like the feel of this when you put it on
like i almost want to put it all over my face
things tend to break me out easy
again this one did not
the magic happen when you pat this one around your eye
it did not irritate my eyes which means i do not have to cry
i could not realize when i first use it.
this cream does wonders for that too
if they don't fill the bill
you get a lot of product
cannot live without it.
not only did this work wonders
this did not irritate it at all
if you know what i mean
then you need this
if this is something you've been thinking about i highly recommend you give it a try
when you're putting anything by your eye
ard red box with no details on what the product was supposed to do
irritate them i did find that with this product
can't wait to see my end results
i think my eyes will be back sexy in no time.
i do think the price point is too high for what it is
so far hasn't done anything for fine lines
not to say that with longer use it wouldn't.
if you've got the money it may be worth a try
the amount you get does go a long way.
did not feel or look greasy at all
i can really see the difference
don't really have any
i definitely recommend giving it a try!
or if i need to
if you rub this too much
i can't say enough great things about this product
i cannot tell you guys enough how much this cleanser has helped my face
i don't leave reviews often
figured i'd try this out
let me tell you
it's exactly what i wanted for the summer
i literally can't wait to get home
it kind of does make the skin a little bit tighter so maybe not
it does last long because you only need a little bit to wash your whole face
a little does go a long way
i tried all the mattifying products that all the yt gurus would recommend or what was listed as 4-5 stars here on sephora
exactly what i wanted
this cleanser did exactly what it said
i really noticed how much it helps when i didn't bring it on a trip for a few days
this does everything it claims.
i can't speak on if it's helping with acne yet
i don't doubt that it will
this one does it
i don't know why i didn't try this before
could tell that no matter what my day looked like
you can tell it's doing a great job deep cleaning
you can feel a difference from the very first time you use this cleanser
it doesn't take much.
it doesn't break me out
i would recommend it to anybody.
it didn't make me breakout
i think this is one i'll stick with
i can feel the difference it makes
i will give my honest opinion
however i do not know if i would use all 3 oil control products together
the name is really what it does no doubt
after just one wash, i could feel the difference.
you do not need much at all for it to clean your face
i recommend using this product if you need oil control
i didn't realize a change instantly so that's why its at par with other products
wasn't sure if i would like it
it really does control oil.
a little goes along way when youre applying it.
you need very little product
that is not me
you will definitely want to do that first
you're probably not really supposed to use it for that anyway
don't like an extra step
the reason why i say this is because a little goes a long way with the cleanser
your skin will love you for it
try not to use this everyday
didn't know what to expect
it's a little intense so be warned if that bothers you
i can't wait to keep using this
i wasn't sure what to expect from it
sometimes the products don't work for me
i would recommend ole henriksen products to anyone
i wasn't really sure how i'd feel about it
i didn't think twice about it
certainly not expecting it to take the place of my primer
i didn't need it at all
i do not need it anymore
something i never do
i can't see it
doesn't fully keep it gone
it doesn't break me out
it definitely doesn't keep me oil-free all day
does not leave me feeling like i have anything on my face at all
one drop is all you need, trust me.
honestly i didn't feel it was a good substitute for sheer transformation on those days
i can skip the primer and just use this.
felt like it did nothing
i can rave enough about this product it saved my summer
i can't wait to try the scrub
that wasn't doing much for me
the only thing i would change is the pump
i wouldn't say that it controls oil all day long
can't wait to try the other products in this line
i will never try another again
i can definitely say this one did
any time i see that something promises to mattify my skin
i do believe this helps
i only put it on my oily bits because i have found that if i put it other places i can feel it mattifying a little too much which makes me like this even more if i do say so myself
i feel like getting the set gives you the max results though
i can honestly say this product works well for my skin
i like everything about this lotion except for the part that we don't get along to good
it causes me to break out like crazy
i wish it didn't
i don't usually break out
same thing happened again
you may need something else
i did my own test knowing this
i didn't see any pores at all no matter how light
they didn't show through
i think this is perfect for on the go or if you are bare face
to give my honest opinion about it
i can't wait to continue using the oil control line
because it does exactly what it says it does so that's a plus
i wouldn't say it completely stops the oil
did not cause me to break out
f you're not a fan of that smell you're not going to like this line
i never trust any "oil controlling" products just because every time i use them they don't seem to work
i think you shouldn't focus on how it smells
you should focus on if it works or not
once it's on your skin you don't even smell it anymore
f that is what the issue is
i would definitely get this again!
that is not me
so watch out if that’s you
i want to be completely honest.
it doesn't leave any sort of film after application
personally i did not have any issues with the instructions
i don't think some people underst
i can't wait to see more results
i don't think i have been using this long enough to really notice the anti-aging power
it did not irritate it at all
maybe i don't shake it enough?
maybe that problem would go away if i actually used it with my moisturizer as it was intended for?
that problem does goes away
decided to give it a try
i can't wait to see what happens after a full month's use
i think this stuff actually works
this product does what it says
it's enough that you lose a decent amount of a 7-day use product
can't wait to see the difference over a month or so
yes you need to stay away from your waterline
you can definitely tell it helps with fine lines
there isnt anything thats really game changing about it
i dont want it to increase anymore than it already is
if all else fails i will return to this cream
t does work well
not sure if worth it.
it did not sting at all
hopefully they can figure out why it does this!
this not only does what it says
it doesn't even look like i've put a dent in it
the reason why i give this 4 stars is because it actually does work
really don't like it
i really want to try their serum
i decided to give it a try
let me tell you
that truly did nothing for me personally
i think it'll last a while!
do yourself a favor and buy this eye cream!
it does not disappoint.
it does not leave a film on my skin either.
i personally cannot detect it once it is on my face
i do wish they would just leave the fragrance out
then this is for you
if you want a full coverage foundation
this won't work for you
why would you put this good product in an open jar?
it works very well for me when i don't want to take the time to put on makeup or just around home or out doing err
please put this in a squeeze tube or something that doesn't go everywhere
two layers of the product do not really give a big difference
i don't even feel it on my face
sometimes i don't want to put that much effort into my makeup
i didn't think the wear time would last as long as it does
then this is for you.
i wish i could give it 10 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!
let me tell you
i ordering another one so i won't run out.
this is what i do
nothing else on the market like this right now
it's awesome for days when i don't have the time or energy to do a full face of makeup
if you check out the philosophy site
not sure what's going on with the color on sephora
i can't explain how it works
i never want to be without it!
when did this happen!!
i dont even notice the scent anymore.
anything that does not break me out is a win in my book
all they need to do is go back to carrying chanel
can't wait to have the whole collection <3
let me tell you
so as you can imagine
goes a long way even if
you know what they say
you gotta start early
so when i got "old" it wouldn't show
i really want to find them.
i don't even feel like i necessarily need to wear some type of coverup to go out for the day
if you want an excellent eye treatment try this
5 year unless you apply it all over your face
i think any age could use this.
literally everything would cause me to break out.
money trying everything from dior
it literally does everything!!
don't let the price scare you if you are able to take the plunge dive in you won't regret it
try it you won't be disappointed so glad i did.
i do think if you apply properly this wouldn't go too badly under makeup
although i know it's not supposed to
i love this stuff and suggest giving i a try!
make sure you watch the video on how to properly put the cream on
all i can say!
now i can't live without it
will this thing ever run out?
it doesn't irritate me at all
fail at finding anything else that would ever make me want to change until now
found this combination so great that i don't feel the need to use anything else afterwards
feel like i've tried everything
will never go back or use anything else
you can use it as a 20-minute mask
i don't really know about the "glow" part
it's insane, i wish i could attach a photo.
i only don't like that i can't see how much is left as the bottle is not clear
does not make my skin react badly in any way
this particular line did nothing for me
he doesn't notice anything it's been incredible or use it every single morning
i don't really notice this one
i feel like it does go away 10 out of 10 for me
i usually don't write reviews
that's what i did :)
i don't notice anything about a smell mentioned in other reviews
i honestly did not feel any glowing effect as other reviewers mentioned
i can't get over how my skin looks.
din't casue bumps or irritarion
can't wait too long
at 28 i didn't want an intense
if you need a basic eye cream not a miracle worker this is perfect
a shame because it does not irritate my sensitive eyes
cant believe how much better my skin looks after using it for the last little bit
a little is all you need
which is definitely worth it t me
because why the heck not
i do enjoy using it
i think i will continue to use it
i've heard that it could make you break out
thought i would give it a try
didn't have this stuff
i really didn't want to like this product
i don't know how to describe it
i can't stress how much i love this oil!
that's really not necessary
even when i do i don't find that this product irritates my skin
do not regret it
perhaps it gives me that extra glow i notice
i cant live without this anymore
i used this for everything i put on my face.
i love that it literally makes all make up go on easier
i do not break out from it
does not linger too much.
i can't wait to try the unicorn
thought i would give it a try
didnt want to believe the hype
was like why not?
whenever i have a place to go that i want to look flawless i wear this primer
i guess you can't please everybody.
nothing else on my face
my coworkers tell me every time that i have a glow or look healthy
i don't know about long term effects
others' comments tell me otherwise
i decided to give it a try
i don't think i will be able to use a different product
i really tried not to like this
if it didn't feel so heavy
yeah, this doesn't do that, at least not for me.
i can put it on
what do i mean by that?
so you have to remember that
do not let the small bottle fool you
it does not take much
she said that i can use this as a primer instead of the unicorn one
let me tell you this works as a primer so amazing
doesnt take hardly any because it spreads like
i literally cannot say enough great things about this product
i don't need to wear foundation anymore.
if you want to spoil yourself
can't give it all 5 stars as i haven't used it long enough to see how much of a difference it can make it in my skin
there are things i have noticed about the product that i think people might want to know before purchase
you do not need a lot of this but it's amazing.
i guess you can say i have combination skin now
little did i know
always expect a breakout if i change up my beauty routine
i don't usually write reviews
i think it should be around 40 bucks.
saw no difference so don't waste it
do yourself a huge favor
so far it i like it
so far, i like it.
it's now friday an i didn't expect my face to clear up
i wouldn't believe it if i hadn't seen it with my own eyes
i sincerely hope it works this way for someone else
settled for "decent" because i didn't know that miracle products like this existed
i didn't even know that was possible for a teenager
i would recommend this product to everyone
can someone please turn this into a perfume?
i did because like i said my skin is a mess
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because like i said
i recommend this to anyone !
stop hesitating like i did
get this while you can
i cannot tell you how many reviews i read about this
how many days i let it sit in my basket while i debated whether not to buy it
was kind of scared to use it with my skin type
i don't see it making me oilier in any way
i do believe that my make lasts a little longer
then do my foundation etc
you need to create a good canvas if you want your makeup to look good
this helps you do that
none of them really impress me that much
at first i felt it did nothing
there is nothing more i can say about it other than i love it
i figured what the heck
once i started using this i can't go without it.
i don't recommend using it on your lips because it's not really designed for that
what i don't like though
don't know if i would but a full bottle:/
it does not have any heavy
if you want a flawless complexion like you always see in those youtube beauty videos buy this
didn't expect too much
you do not need as much product as beauty guru videos show
i found putting too much on didn't do anything more than using a tiny bit
want to try it out
wanted to try this out
before my make up wouldn't stay on as long as it does now
don't really know where the acne is coming from
wondered what the hype was about
if you are looking to add an amazing product to your arsenal then i definitely recommend
probably won't find anything better than this
i cannot believe i waited this long to try this product
i can't say enough about this product!
it does what it says it does
i do agree to use it as directed!
that's the best way to see if it will work for you
when you pat it on your face
i couldn't after using this
this product does the trick for me
so basically what i do is i was my face
although it says it can be used as a highlighter for me it doesn't
i don't see any glow when i use it alone.
not sure if it's really worth 54
would do the trick
it certainly didn't do any favors for them
i would say if you want to try this
not sure if it has done anything special on my face
you know what i mean?
at $54 i really tried not to like this
was happy to learn this doesn't contain any
/or don't do much
which is great because unless i'm going to a party or something
please try this product!
thought i could give it a try
i don't think i can live without this product.
after that it didn't
you don't have to use a lot which is a plus
i don't typically write a lot of reviews
other than i will enjoy using it what can it really do to change my skin?
nothing does what this does
if you're considering trying this product, do it.
the only issue i have regarding this product is that it makes you're vision blurry if it gets in your eyes mainly as it's an oil which you're gonna have that issue with any oil not a big deal
it does not make me break out at all
no matter what i use
it's really sensitive this stuff works great for me because i don't mind leaving a little oil on my face
i can't ever go back!
you need this in your life!!
it did not disappoint
i usually don't for it does irritate them
i also don't think i've used 1/4 of it it
you really don't need much!
and let me tell you, it is amazing.
this product didn't bother my skin at all
do yourself a favor and try it!
it didn't bother me at all
you won't regret it.
which doesn't bother me too much since the product is good
i just don't know if i'm sold enough yet in that regard
usually i do anyways to really get that deep clean
you just have to be careful to close your eyes
it is strange if you've never had that happen before
make sure i am getting everything off
honestly if you use a small amount
i don't usually write reviews unless i try a product that is stellar
i honestly think if you are the type of person who only wants to use one
everyone needs to try this.
you do not need a lot
i don't use it on my eyes.
because some of those lipsticks really do not want to come off
i would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to melt their budge proof lipsticks
doesn't cause me to break out.
one jar does it all!
this does not seem to agitate it
i find it essentially does everything oil cleansing does
you won't regret it
thinking of buying but not sure?
it doesn't do the complete job on you then i strongly recommend you try this one
irritated i would absolutely give this a try
i don't have that problem with this one.
i swore i'd never use anything else.
this stuff dare i say is so much better
but not with this stuff!!
you really don't have to use a cleanser unless you want to
i can't tell you how easy makeup removal is now
if i could give it 10 stars i would :
does not irritate at all.
don't think it would bother the fragrance sensitive
that is exactly what it seems to do
from what i read a few people have said it doesn't work on eye makeup
i wonder if some of these ladies aren't being patient enough
you have nothing to lose since you can return it if you hate it
i don't think you will
i ask myself "does this work better than olive oil"?
it doesn't get into my eyes like the clinique one did
if you're not sure
this does exactly what is says
i think you really should wash your face after using this
i urge you to try their line
i love how even if you don't have a cloth
without even really trying
i will say that i have pretty decent skin
that's all i ask
you don't need nearly as much product
so decided to try something new
i've tried just about everything.
please don't ever stop making this amazing cleanser
what more can one ask for?
i love the fact that i don't have to use another product to wash my face after this
which i didn't like
i tried them all
i don't understand how this works so well.
it doesn't break me out which is a plus
didn't know what it was
i can't believe it!
was afraid at first to try in case i like it.
i cannot complain about it
it is perfect for people like me who do not love to wear so much make up
i honestly rarely ever review anything
a lot of them don't absorb
even if i forget to wash it
it's good, but not sure if i would buy again
this did not break me out at all
of course you need other products to guarantee you won't break out
you barely need anything
i can't wait to try more things from this brand.
not only did my skin love it
just in any week i can see a big difference to my face
i do not like that this is in a jar though.
i wish i could give this 4 and a half stars.
i don't find it think
figured i should try
t does the job
have no complains here
if i can start now why not right
i don't really notice anything i only care about the spf
i can't believe how much just one use improved my skin
already can't wait to use it again tomorrow!
it's a must for you guys to try !
i swear i will never buy any other skin products
if you don't want injections all over your face then buy this
let's see what this does"
i honestly expected it to be yet another "it's alright" product
i can honestly say my skin looks better than ever
i don't mind that though.
i don't sit there
does exactly what it says!!
you will not like this
this one does not bother my sensitive skin at all
i truly do feel like my pores look smaller
i really did not think this was going to do anything
i think i will spot treat
who doesn't want that
of course couldn't wait to try it
wast able to see much difference on my pores
i really can't stop thinking about this mask
please do yourself a favor and try it !!
try it if u dont like it u can exchange for something else at sephora u cant lose
if you're someone like me who is sensitive to scents then you probably won't like this
if you also suffer from dry skin or just want the healthiest looking skin you've ever had you need this mask in your life because it is truly amazing
you don't need much, so it lasts awhile.
i don't have 20 minutes to do a mask
you don't need much
wasn't sure what to expect as i have never tried micellar water
i didn't use it that way
this is for you
no matter how much i put on
i do not need to pull
if you can afford to splurge give it a try.
then if it doesn't work you can return it
i can't wait to see the long term effects of this mask
definitely give you that burn
i hope this line never gets rid of it !
i would definitely give this a try
i plan to try to stick it out through any breakouts as it does it's thing over the next couple months
if i don't leave it on for too long i can't st
i can definitely tell a huge difference
this mask actually does work!
my foundation goes on like a dream now 10 outta 10 would recommend
i can't say enough.
it does what it says it does.
i can't really complain as it does awesome things
from the first day i used it i can tell a difference
you feel that pull!!
it does what it's supposed to do.
please don't ever stop making!!
you can feel/see a difference in your skin
this did not irritate it at all
i am not sure there is anywhere else you can order it from
this doesn't irritate me
can't believe the difference in my skin
one i already knew wouldn't switch anything up
honestly if you need something to really plump
find myself using it up
while it doesn't apply to me
i cannot go a day without this product!
both are still $$$$$i cant buy all that i want
would if i could
or blush certainly not something that you wear every day like the skin on your face
if you're at a certain point in your life like me late 40s… i consider it a definite neeeeeed
if you are much younger you might consider it a wwant either way i think your beauty regime must start with sleep
it just isn't enough for my face anymore
it does not feel heavy
if you are in your 40s or beyond
i love this cream only use very little it does go a long way
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is bc of the price
a bad thing about it is that once you try it
everything you've ever use is going straight out of your routine
also because i really didn't feel as if i was seeing any real results
i can't even explain what this does to my skin.
i honestly can't even tell the difference
i will never go back
i dont have much of an opinion on because i'm 22 i don't have wrinkles
thought i'd give it a try
i don't have acne or anything like that
if you're on the fence just order it!!!!
you won't regret it !!!
i don't mind that at all
when you wash it off you will be so glad you put it on
i don't find that it has much of a scent at all
i eventually decided to order this stuff
wanted to try something new
this does just that.
this product did not break me out nor caused any reaction whatsoever
does exactly as promised!
can't say how it will do on very sensitive skin
if you aren't careful you will waste a ton of product
doesn't break me out
i love it enough to actually make an account
so, that's what i do.
i wish you got more product for your money
i do notice that my skin looks better when i do use it
the best part about this moisturizer though is it does not break me out
it didn't break me out
it didn't break me out though
if you don't like the stickyness during the day
let me just say a little goes a long way for me
i can honestly say it's changed my skin for the better
i don't think that's necessary
i don't mind it because i use it at night
thats all i can say.
does everything its supposed to do
you could tell the difference in my acne
was willing to try anything
and my skin didn't seem to get bothered by it.
i don't think it was this product
if you've got some extra money you're willing to spend on a one-time mask
i say go for it
it definitely does help
not bad at all in my opinion
i don't think i'll ever buy it again
also obviously you're not gonna get results after using it one time
you see instant results
i did really like this mask.
nor did i expect it to
this will probably work wonders for you
definitely getting again if i even need it again!
i like that it comes in two pieces so anyone can adjust it to fit your face size
you can tell it looks way less irritated since they aren't red anymore
not only was it fun to do
'm not sure which one contri
that's the only inclination of a downside i can find to this so far
this one i use when i really need my skin to clear up
decided to try this one
just didn't want to take it off
while i do feel like hannibal lecter with this on
i just knew my skin would drink it in.
i like that they give you a lot of serum for your face
i would recommend buying one to try first to see how your skin reacts to it
some masks you don't always see immediate results
with this one i did
i can feel it right after using it.
it sticks to your face so you can do things in the 30-40 minutes you wait
after you take it off you can really see a difference
my foundation didn't match me anymore
this did the trick!
you can tell the result right after you used the mask！
i love that you can leave this on for so long
you'll see results right away
nothing i tried would get rid of them
cannot tell you enough how much i loved it
can't wait to try the rest.
don't put this on when you've got stuff to do
this mask did what is was supposed to
i can't get enough
he even let me take pics of him in it!!
you don't need much product
i cannot wait to try the brightening
it's so flexible that you can still talk
it's not going anywhere
they do not slide around
i didn't have to adjust it all
i feel ordinary ones don't push the product down into the skin like these do
i know what you're thinking
i cannot go a day without this product!
doesn't hurt at all!
you feel instant results
i just can't give it 5 stars
let me tell you this stuff is amazing
wouldn't try to compare those two if you're oily like me
unless you're a tatcha fan or you feel like more expensive stuff equals better quality then get this
this did wonders for my skin
it does deliver everything promised
as all of them help anyones skin someway or another idc who you are
i just want to stock up in case lol
if you do your homework before buying girlies
you would feel better knowing that as you buy/bought this
i'll gladly give up something else to have this instead
doesn't break me out
does not make my skin breakout
it just didn't work for me
i never leave anything on my vanity
never know what to use
i didn't notice a difference with or without it.
from what i've used-it's everything i need for my combination skin
i rarely go out
don't have the problem any more
this one is for you
like anything else you don't want to over apply.
if you dont need a lot of hydration
to preface this review i want to disclose that i'm in my early 30's
so decided to try something even lighter
i guess you get what you pay for
let me just start this by saying i never
i would do it again
f you have sensitive skin like i do this stuff is great
also haven't used it long enough to see it will do what it says it will
please get this moisturizer if your skin seems similar to mine because you will not regret it
you only need a little bit
don't get me wrong
i gave it a try anyway
it doesn't break me out at all.
it doesn't bother me because i can't feel any heaviness on my skin even when i accidentally use too much
let me just start by saying
this is unlike anything i have ever used.
right before i tried this my skin was breaking out from a product it really did not agree with
you need to try this.
it had such good review i decided to try it anyways
let me tell you
it's not like any cream that i've used before.
which i don't have
i am always scared to try anything new or different
does not break me out
i don't know how well this would work for dry skin
you won't regret trying this.
all i can say that the sample i got made me just say wow
does what it says it does
there are a lot of things that i just can't bring myself to pay full price for
this does wonders to fix my skin
ing return policy you don't really have much to lose
trust me i've tried them all
this product will give you no trouble
i can't say enough good things about this cream.
oh my goodness if this ever gets discontinued i don't even know what i would do
i truly can't even believe it.
let me just say first
i don't feel the need to apply a face oil afterwards
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
i do not break out
i know everyone's skin is different
i can see a difference
no matter how much sleep i get i always have darkness
can't really comment on that
if you're at that point where eye creams just aren't doing anything for you
it is the first eye cream i've used that actually does what it says right out of the box
let me say i have tried a lot of eye creams
does all the right things for my skin and more.
i still haven't found anything else that i love as much so the price doesn't bother me
i cannot get enough
hope you guys give it a try
i don't know if i'll cave
don't know if i'll find it
cannot wait to get this product
it does exactly what it says that it's going to do
feel like i've used it enough to write a review
decided to give this a try
one pump does the job
i can tell my dark spots are going away
i feel when she does something
she does it right
i never realized a product could do it all: retexturize/smooth
i guess never say never
i so far like it
does what it's claim
i don't know where to start with this product.
i didn't even know it would do that because i got it for dark spots
if you really want a great combo
another thing i highly recommend if you are considering trying the sunday riley line
even the one i almost didn't even try
my favorite part is that it doesn't take any more than water to get it off your h
the water would get everywhere no matter how careful i was
i cannot believe how well it works.
my only complaint is that it stings your eyes really bad if it gets in there
everyone needs to try this.
i did not find it to leave any residue
also, i do not find it to sting my eyes at all.
not sure if that's right
just don't use this on your eyes!!!
i did the first time i used it
you really get what you pay for
i feel it should rightfully go to sunday riley
this is for you
i honestly can't say enough great things about the entire sunday riley line
i think it would be too much for my skin type
i can't explain how smooth it makes it as well!
try it get it its only 20$ you won't regret it!!
i feel this mask does what it claims
this one did not irritate at all
i usually don't expect anything with masks which doesn't make sense why i would drop this kinda money on one
guess i wanted to treat maself?
doesn't matter cus this literally gives me five star spa in tahiti type feels when i put it on
name doesn't play tricks in your mind cus you realize it is what it's cracked up to be
i am sure they will come
not to the point where i'm looking like a greaseball
definitely give this a try!
i feel like when i use this my makeup lasts a lot longer
it doesn't take much to cover my whole face
this does the trick
decided to try this simply because of the huge price difference
i do feel like the amorepacific does a better job at hydrating
simply because it does absorb super quick
it's worth trying, i'm certainly glad i did.
i also like how a little can go a long way
guess that tells you something
i wish i could attach pictures so you can see how much my face has improved
just give it a try, you'll not be disappointed!
it's a must have for me!
i can use it every night without it breaking me out
it's not cheap, so i wanted to try it first.
if it weren't so expensive i wouldn't hesitate because it works beautifully
could really tell a difference around my eyes as well
can definitely tell the difference in my skin
if you aren't ready to shovel out the money without trying it first
i think i could easily use this
nothing else on my face ever again
can't tell you guys about the hydrating part
it doesn't provoke new break outs either
i don't want to run out!
wasn't expecting to like this so much!
it did not disappoint
i finally find a oil product that does not break me out
thought that oil wouldn't help it
honestly that's probably because people are using too much
it doesn't take much to apply to your whole face
i find you don’t need a lot of product
i like it enough to keep using it
what do you know all of my baby breakouts are gone
i wish i could use it
i didn't really think it would do anything
it should last awhile, so the price is ok.
my only issue is that when you close everything up
i suggest everyone give these a try!
i would recommend this product to everyone.
i couldnt believe how great it made my face look after just one use
did not dry me out either.
you really can't go wrong with this stuff.
that frightens me because i have the same eyes
i tried this on a whim to see if it would help
after a month of use i see such a difference that i don't think i'll need the surgery
all i can say is
a great product to try if you have fine lines you want to tighten up
or just did nothing
i can feel it instantly lift
i don't get a lot of sleep and this is a miracle!
no matter how much i sleep
or drink caffeine they do not go away
i don't use much make up
a 60 percent improvement would really please me!
sometimes you just have to try something to see.
just because something is expensive doesn't necessarily mean it will be great or even better
i love that you don't have to buy a pump
i would recommend this!
i don't even feel the need to double-cleanse!
i definitely recommend giving it a try if you have normal skin like me
finally a cleansing oil that does exactly what it's supposed to
if i didn't know better
or else i'd totally buy it!
god knows what else might be in the product
i can't wait to see what a couple more weeks of use will do for me
can't wait the full results
try something else if fine lines
i don't think de could ever do any wrong.
i would say it's a dupe to the $80 ones so save your money
which sucks because i honestly didn't want to fall in love with such an expensive eye cream :/
it does what it says
please don't ever discontinue or change the formula
i don't like that the end can get accidentally pressed in your bag
it does seem moisturizing enough for me to do this so far
so you can use it perfectly under your make up
i do use the whole line
this is another one of those products that i didn't realize was working for me until i left it to try something new
i really do like this eye cream.
like another reviewer said i do wish i could tell what was left
i wonder how long it will last
i don't usually write reviews
will keep using and let you know of any updates.
/ or covering them anyway
i don't know what's doing the magic in this cream
something in there is compatible with my eye woes bc it's working for me
if you do the research on the ingridients you'll find how truly awesome it is
you get what you pay for.
i recommend this for anyone
it did dispense the perfect amount i wanted to test it out
anyone else experienced this problem or something like it?
try this you won't be sorry!
product that doesn't work.
i do see results
i just wish it didn't cost quite so much!
i can never find anything hydrating enough.
it did wonders for me.
5 years- so to say it did not help my dark circles that much is really not fair
your eyes reflect your life- so too much work
a few steps i know-
can't say enough good things about this product
you can definitely feel it on your skin
it's not hydrating so don't know how this would do on really dry skin
it does wonders for mine
this is not for you--
this doesn't break me out
i do wish it was a bit longer, like 5-10 minutes.
t isn't going to leak when you put it down
i don't think i will be using this cleanser in the morning though because i think it might be too harsh
i recommend getting a sample to see how it works with your skin type along with your routine
'm not sure why there's so much negativity around this product
which is why i give 4 out of 5
once you know that the bottle does that you just close it
which is not what is recommended if you read the description
i don't mind it because i can keep it upside down
when i travel it'll leak i'm sure
i try to be careful
can't speak to whether or not it irritates eyes or takes off eye makeup
this one just doesn't dry me out like they both did
i don't see how everyone else thinks it is not good for dry skin
mind you sometimes i do a heavy face
i will return solely because the smell isn't my thing
f you're sensitive to certain smells this might not be for you
if you need something heavy duty then this is it
didn't think i would be able to top them
'jelly' isn't how i would describe this product
if u leave it at that then it will leak
u have to hear the pop and then twist it more.
those of you saying it doesn't remove your makeup may well
then you'd also be angry so there's really no winning
it doesn't leak if you tighten it enough
just as they did with lala
that's all you can ask
you need to use a double cleanse if you wear anything other than their new tinte spf
this does not sting at all.
i do not get the bad comments.
my eyes did not suffer once
just try it on your own.
it's definitively my new go-to
i did not have a problem with this burning my eyes
does that make sense lol
i do admit it does sting the @$
than again i don't put my cleanser near them anyways
what's difficult or so different about that???
is that you don't have to remove the top
i think any cleanser would irritate your eyes if you get it in them
do be careful to not get it in your eyes
i simply make sure i turn until i hear the click
i don't know why a lot of you are fussing over this
i do think it gets off makeup much better than the pekee bar
can't really say how effective it is for taking makeup off
of course it's to early to see how it will effect my skin
i actually like it
nothing drunk elephant will ever fail me
hadn't used much of anything else bc i like to be conscious about ingredients
i dealt with it bc i knew it wouldn't break me out
if you are a de fan like me it's worth trying out
with this product you can apply it right to your face
i dont have that issue with this one
it smells really good like you just gotta try it.
i know everyone's skin is different so may not work well for everyone
that's what she said
as for the smell some people say they don't like it
'll take the good with the bad
the beads in the stick don't bother me or stick around like some people's reviews
it instantly gives a nice deep cleanse so you don't need to use a lot of product either
give it a try, you will not be sorry!
i don't have to worry about product leaking which is a plus
so easy to use there's no excuse to not use this every night
recommending to everyone i know
give it a try really works
but then i actually tried it!
it lets you get a really good scrub going
don't have to worry about it leaking
don't need much as a little goes a long way so make sure you apply a proper amount unlike some of the other reviewers
my only con is that if you apply this in the morning
the product does not irritate my skin whatsoever
i don't know about how others use this
not sure why the instructions did not say
don't just wait 10-20 mins like the instruction said
you don't want it to dry out your skin
that's probably why they don't give you a lot!
i would recommend this
pretty i didn't even want to use it
i don't know why people complain about the size
does what it says.
you can really feel it too
don't know about this lifting skin
you can also put them all over your face
it is hard to know if it is going to work on my face when i get only 2 uses
you're gonna use this up after the 2nd time
didn't break me out off anything
thought i’d give it a go because i hadn’t tried the gravitymud before
or go without it
try it for yourself to see!
does what it says
for those stating that it's not enough product
you get what you pay for.
didn't take much to cover my entire face
i enjoy using this mask not sure i notice any difference in my skin though
i do think it makes a difference in my pores
what they say they do
i dont want it to go away
gave me a look that makes me feel comfortable to go outside without any makeup on
i figured, why not!?
can't wait to use it every single day !
if you're into smells go buy a perfume cuz masks are not here to please your nose
and this one sure does!
if you can endure it
it's going to do you wonders
i can't get enough of it!
i guess the sent isn't for everyone
i can see it would be irritating if i used it daily
it says not to do that on the package anyway
first off i wanna start by saying that i have combination skin
after a while you forget it's there
i can happily say that this
can't wait to see how much more this mask is going to help my skin
i can't pinpoint what it is
it definitely didn't make anything worse
i didn't use a whole lot
i should have probably read the box
didn't waste any excess product i let it sit for about 10 minutes maybe 15
i do this a lot so for me that's a plus
wasn't sure what to expect
i didn't feel like i needed a lot to do the job
i did not find this mask irritating at all
i find that's actually better because i can wear it
i didn't find it gross like others
i do feel like my skin is clearer
usually i'm on the opinion that if something will work for you is gonna affect your skin in a positive way right a way
for my skin doesn't exist something like :" i didn't see a result for a month
this did the trick.
could tell a difference that night
don't get me wrong
couldn't believe how my skin felt afterwards
if i could show you guys a photo of the before
you wouldnt believe it
i told myself i was never going to use it again because of how put off i was by the smell
i can honestly say this is the greatest mask ever
not only does this mask work
i can't believe it.
want to get good use of it
i would really recommend it
buttttt it does not last !!
this did not make my face feel right after using it
i would definitely recommend it!
this does not irritate it at all
not gonna lie at first i was a skeptic
if you're dry like me
you get the right amount everytime
you get a lot for your money
i wish there was more info on how long it lasts
i hope it doesn't run out too quickly because i'm loving it
don't let it sit in water
you don't need allot!!
can't wait to get another one!
however you do need quite a bit of it every time
it's great for traveling because you don't have to worry about it leaking
you don't lose a bunch of product
it doesn't irratate your eyes
then idk what you're doing
it does shrink fast which is why i gave it only 4 stars
can't speak to the longevity of the product would depend how much you actually use it
no matter how long i tried
if you are trying to find something like the one-step cleanser
it does have special scent which i dont really mind
however, i wish it would lather a bit more.
i don't have a negative thing to say
i hardly ever take the time to write reviews
if you're a good girl you know to always add your moisturizer
which rarely ever happens to me
i really didn't know what to expect
the child in me wants to throw it at someone
didn't know what to expect !?
i didn't expect it to be a good cleaser at all
i can't wait to try the others
you do get more uses than 4
i got the red 1 and it does what it says!
this one actually does what it says it is going to do
they're also great if you're on a budget because you can get 4 uses out of each pouch
sometimes you want to change it up
i would definitely recommend this mask to anyone with problem skin
give it a try...a must for mask junkies like me!
you get quick results
i want to purchase more and try them all out.
it says "4 uses" you can definitely get more out of it :
it does what it says.
for $8 why not try it.
it did not irritate my skin which is amazing!
i did like my first use of this
i would absolutely recommend it!
it didn't tingle on my face like others say
it i do like it a lot.
i just did my first use of this mask
i did not put it over my entire face
it did the job
not sure why this mask doesn't have any reviews because it's awesome
it doesn't completely dry so when you take it off your face feels so dang good
i don't write a lot of reviews
i could bring myself to do it
i honestly didn't expect very much
i don't necessarily have problems in this regard though
as that isn't something i specifically look for
i am not sure how well that actually works
my skin wasn't red or anything it didn't break me out
honestly didn't expect this face mask to be that good
nicely that you don't need to use much product to get full coverage
you won't regret it
or they sit on my skin
not gonna lie i got this moisturizer because it was new
not necessarily the overall look of my skin
you can't beat the price point for what you are getting
i want to personally say that this is a total game changer
i couldn't believe it
you will not be disappointed
if you're wondering i haven't changed my makeup routine
i place this on as a last step as i can't get enough of the c
this doesn't bother me at all
i don't even know how this came into my life
i now can't live without it
go get your own
i love it and couldn't recommend enough.
i do think it looks better
don't not try it because of the bad reviews cause this mask gives me life
do not forget to wash it off first thing in the morning to get the full effect
can't say enough good things.
i don’t know what it is about this mask
i can't pin point exactly what it is
we decided to take it easy for a night
it's seriously different than anything i've ever used on my skin
can tell you this mask h
i don't know why i'm bothering to write a review since lately it seems sephora is h
gave it go anyway
this is one of the few products that didn't make me break out instantly
i decided to give it a try
the spatula i can appreciate just hoping i don't lose it
maybe you didn't let it dry
you don't need much of it
the only thing i would say is i wish it didn't have aha in it
you definitely feel it on your skin
it doesn't really absorb
i couldn't believe how even-toned
that it didn't really seem like it would deliver results
i could not stop feeling how soft my h
each time i do
do like that mask more
if you're on the fence...try it!
wanted to try it out
perhaps apply a little bit before you go to bed
let me tell you it was well worth the wait
this will last a long time because you don't need much
he comes to me every night asking me to do his face
i don't know if i'd say "glowy"
i rarely find that word applies to me
i do not think it is a miracle product
t didn't leave any mess on my pillow
nothing else in terms of coverage
this does just that!
never thought i'd use that word to describe my skin
so get yourself a jar when you can!
this mask did everything that it was supposed to do
i couldn't wait to get my h
can't wait to use this on my face again!
i would definitely recommend giving this a try when you can get your h
you know it is that good
don't normally write reviews
i couldn't even see them
i never wanna be without it
luckily the smell doesn't stay tho so you can sleep
i wish they would make a fragrance because i would buy it in a heartbeat
trust me, you'll see a difference!
i can already tell a big difference
it doesn't last long
'm not sure which one is working or it's a combination of the 2
didn't think i'd like it
was so busy i didn't get to do it so kept using it
i couldn't believe it!!
decided to give it a couple more uses-- so glad i did
i really recommended them
you get a lot of product
t will definitely last you a long time
i love sophera that i can try products until i find the right one
always research a product before i commit to buying because i do not want the product to cause breakouts or damaged skin so everything new i try usually does my skin good
you get a lot of product
i figured well if it doesn't work i ll just bring it back
i cannot tell how big of a difference this has made in my skin
you get instant results.
you need this in your life if you love to glow!
you need to try this.
keep looking in the mirror thinking- wow girl- something you have used made your skin look fab today
i did try using it as a mask
i did not notice anything particularly different
because it doesn't leave you with a tight
you will see a difference immediately
my skin did look better afterwards
give it a try if you want something gentle
don't expect huge results
ok so let me start off with saying i have serious skin problems
i honestly don't have that problem
return it if you don't like it since sephora has an amazing return policy
i hope sephora doesn't stop carrying this as they tend to do with a lot of products i like
i can't write enough about how much i love this product
10/10 would recommend for anyone.
you really do only need a dime sized amount just as the directions say
that's hard to do i know that
think it's really on a per person basis
i don't even have to use any foundation anymore
unless i want to for fun
i know that i will continue to buy this product because it has done so many wonders for me
it did nothing for that
it does exactly what it says
i always go back to this one
i can see a difference when i don't use it.
so don't expect that...
you can always return it if you hate it
asked if my skin is tighter--it is certainly not
you will not be disappointed.
there's nothing that can be done
it does take time to sink in
i don't know what the problem is
i think it does ok
i notice a difference in my skin when i don't use it for a day
i can't live without it.
every once in awhile i change to try something new
i really can't say enough about this product
i've always had good skin because i do take care of it
i didn't think it did much until after i was finished
didnt know if i needed anything else
i would sometimes just use this
please can't believe it when i tell them my age.
i just can't get over how smooth
u don't have to use it for a long time to see results
t's hard to tell if it was due to this product or something else
it doesn't break me out
i believe it will
instead i decided to give this product a try
i went back to when hope is not enough
i would definitely recommend this product to everyone
i actually recommend doing this every so often just so you can see the difference
don't know how to explain it
i can honestly say that my skin is glowing
it does feel good on skin but am waiting.
dont used too much it would cause u some acne
i decided to try this again
i can even go no foundation
i figured i'd try it
i do not know what it is
i can tell when i go without when hope is not enough
i don't think i will ever give this serum a terrible review
i can honestly say
just to let everyone know
it just didn't work out
perhaps i just needed to let o of my expectations
i notice now when i put it on that it instantly makes my face look better
this is the one that i really miss when i run out of it
i really didn't expect it work
let alone how well it has
this was honestly my last try
i don't go a day without using this.
i like it enough
i don't agree with the amount to apply.
thought i would give this a try
i think if you are on the fence you should try it
it still never ceases to amaze
if even that because you can't really notice any at all
i will never go without using this stuff- it's great
you must try this ladies!!!
i never trust reviews that don't give any details about the person using the product
i will never stop using it
the smell of this product doesn't really bother me because one i apply my moisturizer
you can't really smell anything out of the ordinary
i could tell a difference the first time i used it
i will never give it up
i wouldn't miss a day not using it.
i decided to give it a try
there is literally nothing negative i could say about this product
i didn't see much of a difference while i used it
the difference you see is when you stop using it.
does not cause me to break out
i don't let myself run out any more
can't do without this now!
when hope is not enough makes my skin look like a model's
doesn't even feel like you have it on
it seems like you have nothing on your face at all
i can't explain it
this stuff does what it says
didn't think i really needed a neck cream until i started using it
i didn't until they started to soften lol
i can tell that over all my face does look dramatically better
i do believe i will buy the full jar once i run out
i wish i could afford to use this head to toe!
do yourself a favor, buy it!!
i am not sure if i'm supposed to do this
i cant live without it
you won't regret it
now i cannot live without this
doesn't break me out
i don't think the performance is anything life-changing
even though i have not anything to it at all
i figured i'd let it dry
this made it happen
t is a very full container so you really get what you paid for
t doesn't feel like you have anything on your face when you wear it
so you won't scare your kids or partner lol.
anyone who hasn't used this before should definitely give it a try
i didn't believe it
if you know what i mean
i would touch it
i can apply this product freely knowing that it will not break me out or make me oily
t looks like you've gotten far more sleep than you actually have
does exactly what it says!
this product did not disappoint
when i wake up i can honestly see the difference.
i cannot see myself without this.
that usually does it
really not sure what it was
i can't stress that enough
that's the last thing i want from a lip treatment
repairs your lips enough that you won't need to wear anything during the day if you don't want to
so you don't have to dig your fingers in there at all
so go ahead and buy it, treat yourself!
you really won't be sorry!
i can't say enough about how great this lip mask is
this doesn't do that
it doesn't work right away so give it about a week
i do not have such problems anymore
like nothing i've ever used.
this lip mask does exactly what its' description says
i don't know what happens overnight
does what it claims
you get a lot of product for your money
i know this is for your lips
i know it's not for that
if you're like me
nor did i feel a need to reach for the chapstick in the morning
i would definitely recommend this
don't hesitate on this product for a second.
it is seriously the best thing to ever happen to my lips
no matter what i put on it
so unfortunately for laneige i won't be reordering anytime soon
can't wait to use it in the winter
this mask does just that!
you really don't need much either each time you put it on
i love the little spoon too to get it out so you don't get anything in it
i can honestly say i see a big difference
i even went to the dr once a year to ask that they check into it because it was so bad
i will never stop using it
at first it didn't seem to be doing much.
you absolutely need this!
you get a lot of product for what you pay for
at least for me it does
for $20 you can't beat this stuff
you need this in your life.
it doesn't need many words.
after using it, i didn't need that one anymore.
you actually get lots of product
i figured i'd review it on here
i couldn't resist giving it a try
i don't think this would bother you
i couldn't actually tell a difference from using them
i decided to try it.
feel like there isn't a chapstick in the world that can help
which is not something i say very often about stuff i try
i don't write many reviews
i figured if anything it would make a great lip balm
t doesn't get lost
i don't have a lot of product left to remove
this does the trick
thought i'd try something else
thought i'd give it a go
at first it seemed like you'd only make this purchase if you have money to burn
can't you just use some burts bees?
this one is probably the best thing i've ever put on my lips
i dont notice as much if any peeling during the day anymore
i would say try this in a heartbeat
i don't think you will be disappointed
it does everything it promises
i don't know when i will finish it!!
if you're on the fence for this product ?
this does not disappoint
if it didn't work, i could return it.
i do find that if i apply too much it melts
i wanted to try it
didn't know if it really was worth it
i honestly think the price isn't even that bad
i saw someone else post that how expensive this is
someone needs to know how to use the web !
i can't even believe how much of this product there is in the jar
i would gladly buy this lip mask again
i don't know if i'll need to
i can't use it every night
'm not sure i'm ever going to run out of this
cant live without this!
i can honestly say that this is probably the best lip stuff i've ever used
t should last quite awhile
you will not regret it!
i don't really write reviews
i can't believe how big the jar is!
i can't believe how good this feels
everything else to switch it up
i always go back to this
the absolute best lip mask you will ever use.
you will not be disappointed, check it out!
i won't need another lip treatment again.
decided to go very it a try
you get soooo much product it will last you a year even if you use it every single night
it does have an odd feeling when you wake up
you know that no product can reverse time
couldn't decide what to spend it on
i want to think it's the summer
i can't get enough of it
if you are wanting that pregnancy glow
a little sure does go a long way
then i apply this
i took the risk of trying it on my skin because if it didn't work or broke me out i could gift it to my sister or friend
unfortunately it doesn't do what my typical night cream does
t does not produce too much oil
this product does that
i swear i could feel it
you can't go wrong!
i don't like it at all
doesn't break me out
i don't need nearly as much as i thought to cover my whole face
doesn't feel sticky or anything
i decided to give it a chance
i don't know if i'll buy one once i run out
i don't even notice it after i apply it to my face
this does not irritate it
it didn't irritate it or cause a reaction
it doesn't really feel like anything is on your skin which is amazing
didn't expect to see such a difference
didn't cause me to break out
i would give it 5 stars
a lot of people might not
sent doesn't bother me
when i received this i wasn't sure what to expect
(didn't totally prevent it though.)
i gotta admit that right off the bat this is not something i would ever buy because laneige does allow their products to be tested on animals
the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because i don't give 5 star ratings to moisturizers that work "well"
i need for it to do something extra for $35
this does not effect mt opinion in anyway.
actually does the job
you might want to try a sample before purchasing this cream
which i don't mind too much since i only use it at night
i gotta say it has worked wonders on my skin
i actually like it now
this one did not disappoint!
i wouldn't necessarily recommend this for acne prone people though
it certainly didn't help
definitely not going to let this one go- maybe i will use it as an eye cream for the time being
this product can do it all
you must get it!
not too heavy or too light where it didn't feel like anything
i probably wouldn't purchase it unless i notice extreme results over time
it does have one
i can put it on
normally i would not need a product like this
i would definitely recommend this product
because i feel it does make a difference
because they clearly know what they're doing
i don't use it every day
love that they don't test on animals!
i will admit i was a little afraid to use this product because i have combo skin
doesn't break me out
i will definitely recommend this
it did exactly that
i can honestly say the moisture was definitely still there
i would definitely recommend to others!
i would definitely say it is neck
i don't use it every day
if i know i'm going to be out in the sun all day
i make sure to bring it with me
just not for me
i'd say it's definitely worth the money if it works for you
again, not a bad product, just not for me.
you will not be disappointed
this doesn't irritate me at all
it does exactly what it's supposed to do
which lets me know it's working
this does exactly what it says it does
'd say it's worth the money
just like most of you
i feel even better about it knowing there's no dimethicone in it
i don't even write reviews
i feel like the bottle is begging me to drop it
overall i really recommend this product to anyone
nor does it cause much congestion
this is something i would drop my money on easily
didn't do anything special for me
why not try it?"
don't let the price scare you!
doesn't break me out
a little does go along the way
if you're like me
wow does it do wonders for the skin
this doesn't do that.
i think it's really helping me with my excess oil
i do prefer to use it at night
although it'll last me a long time
i do think this is a mask that works better over time
mind you it is only my second try
i feel like people expect to see immediate
i think you definitely have to keep using it to see the effect
you'll hopefully see what i saw after just one use
with everything it promises to do
i would definitely buy it to try it out more.
the first night i didn't notice anything
didn't see the point
i generally don't feel like masks do anything.
i really just wanted to try it because of the color of the mask/bottle
i can't live without it
they did it right with this mask
i can't imagine what it will continue to do for me
you should know if any fragrance will affect you at all
then don't buy those masks
i find most of them gentle to the point where i wonder if they're even working
that convinced me to keep at it
you will not be disappointed.
i will say although you're getting 1
which is really all you need
it may not give your skin ridiculous instant harsh results
please follow my instagram for more @breakfastatsabrinas
i did an initial review if you want to see before
every time i use this i see a big difference.
this does everything it claims
it was so pretty i couldn't say no
i can tell you that it was a solid impulse purchase
this is your best bet
tatcha never lets me down :)
try it for yourself, you wont be disappointed!
was afraid this one shade fit all wouldn't work on me
i don't really use a lot of make up
it does the job of what i was using before
which i don't see on sephora anymore
i wouldn't say it has coverage necessarily
exactly what i wanted it to be.
i would give 5 stars
you don't need that much of it
they do not compare to this product at all
this is my go to.
couldn't wait to get my h
it of course does not
that what i did
nice if you want to use this as an spf
though i don't always recommend doing this
feels like you have nothing on
you can go without foundation if you want
can't say enough about this amazing product.
i get on here to hear about the product
don't say anything particular about the product?
not in a necessarily bad way
while i don't know that i think this product is meant for me right now
i don't really have a lot of fine lines or problems with firmness yet so maybe i'm not the best c
when i say it brightens you face i mean it
it did not disappoint
if i didn't already have a serum that i use i would definitely buy this product
heck i might even purchase some anyways.
i didn't even tell them i was using a new product
i would definitely recommend this product
i will say a little goes a long way
t was just too much
i feel i'd need to try it out a lil longer
i'd definitely recommend giving this a try
but if i could buy it i definitely would.
can't imagine what long term use could do
whenever i get facial items i get nervous because they sometimes dont work amd or break me out
cant imagine what it would do if used longer
thank you influenster for letting me try this product
can't wait to use it again
i think it's worth the money if you need a product like this
can't comment on that
i couldn't imagine what an entire bottle would do
this does what it say!!
i didn't know if it cause me to have small breakouts in my forehead which i usually don't have or probably i'm just stress from work
i don't know that it's supposed to clear your skin up from blemishes
it didn't at all
7 days wasn't enough for me to see much of a difference
i do not have any signs of loose skin
i didn't necessarily have bags or dark circles
i don't know if i'd buy it
let me tell i can tell a diffrence in my skin already
i do recommend to any one wanting to splurge on a good serum because you can see the diffrence in just days
the only reason why it is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is i did get a zit
although i'm not convinced it is from this it didn't happen during this time
i don't normally have that problem
i would recommend it
if you want glow, you're gonna get glow.
i will say the consistency is a little oily if you use too much
although this product was sent to me free it does not alter my opinion in any way
i really wish i was given a full bottle to try.
i don't see any difference in my skin
i can't wait to continue to use in the future
i cannot attest to how well it works
because i am obviously not going to use it
i can't stop thinking about it
honestly don't have that many lines or wrinkles
didn't have any reactions
i would definitely recommend it
can not attest to that
at first i didn't think it did anything
i wasn't completely sure what to expect when i started using the serum
of course i do anyways
didn't want it to make me break out
so i want afraid of the light oily feel.
i dont really have any fine lines to touch on that
at first i wasn't sure what to think about this product
my skin did not break out
have never used anything like this before
i sure do like it
i do really like what this does for your skin
i can't give detail on fine lines because i haven't seen any change
i don't think it was enough time to see a difference in lines
it did not break me out
i think my laugh lines need some serious help
i did not see much difference there
i don't think it make my skin look any younger
you don't need to use much of the product at all
i think i would need to use this longer
i would definitely recommend this product
don't really have any lines or wrinkles that i needed to hide
not sure about fine lines
in not sure i got all of the product out or not
i would not recommend it if you already have oily skin
it might make you break out.
you wont be let down.
would definitely recommend to everyone.
it didn't at all
influenster send me this to try for 7 days
all i could think
it does have a scent, but i don't mind it.
the one thing i truly like about it is the fact it's not very think at all
it did not irritate me or cause me to break out in any way
it actually did the opposite
i don't really have fine lines
i would recommend this 100%!
it didn't hurt anything
i didn't change anything about my skin regimen
honestly if anyone asked me what to use in my position with aging oily skin
smooth their skin this is what i would honestly recommend
can be more visible if i don't take proper care of my skin
which i actually like
i like to use it at night so that the product can do it's thing while i'm sleeping
however i don't need it yet
i do not have any fine lines
don't know if really would work for me in that aspect
clarins for letting me test this product
the only downside is that it does take awhile to absorb fully into your skin so you have to wait about 30 minutes before going to bed or applying moisturizer if you need it
this serum does what it is supposed to
as i thankfully do not need to have that at this point
it definitely isn't simply immediate results
i think i do see a difference which is enough for me
i don't wear much make up so this stuff is amazing
i can't wait to see my skin after the 10 uses they recommend
the first product to actually do what it says it will
i now i can't live without this product
can't wait to see what 30 day results will be
algenist you have done it again!!
i can't wait to see what other changes take place after continued use
i couldn't believe the difference i saw after 10 days of using it
i can't get enough of this.
does exactly what is says it'll do
please don't use it 3 times a day either.
for fear it wouldn't be true
please believe the hype.
i cannot believe how well this works!
i can honestly say, this stuff is the best!!
my other two products just didn't do anything
i would say combo
i do not get pimples anymore
my face does not look dull
you don't need much of it.
: you do not want to get any of this in your eyes
doesn't hurt my skin at all
hey we think the power peel is amazing we gonna start selling every step separate
i just don't like the fact that the company doesn't clarify the source of their product
i will say that my skin did feel refreshed
nothing did the trick until now
i for sure recommend.
i dont wear face makeup so can't speak on how it works for that
another great things about this mask is that you don't need to use very much
you don't have to leave it on for forever
i never want to use anything else
do yourself a favor and try this mask!
you won't regret it!
just nothing gets rid of them until now.
it won't take long
did not burn whatsoever like others i've tried
i promise you won't be disappointed with this one
i don't regret trying it
if you like it
if you don't then you can return the unopen product
get your money back
this doesn't irritate it at all
if you want something to make your skin not only feel
it's important to take care of your skin
volition will do the job
let me tell you
decided to try it out for myself
does what it says it will do
don't let this one get away!
you deserve the best!
i don't normally write reviews
you pay for what you get.
i know you're not supposed to keep touching your face
does not irritate it
why didn't anyone tell me my skin was a mess?
i couldn't believe the results
as another person mentioned when you don't use it one week you'll definitely see the difference
you will know exactly what i am talking about
i know you're probably already planning a trip to sephora
you just may be the next big thing in beauty!
i don't know where to begin?
i gotta say volition hit the mark with this
did not realize i needed
i can honestly say it's one of the best i've tried
i can't with these products like seriously did they come down from heaven or something
let me tell you
they don't have a lot of products
all i can say is, it works.
thanks volition for letting me try these products
i hardly write reviews but this is worth it.
a little product does go a long way so you don't need to lather yourself in it
definitely allowing yourself to get your money's worth of product
who doesn't want younger looking eyes?
don't wait, try this today!
i know you're probably already planning a trip to sephora
you just may be the next big thing in beauty!
i would 100% recommend it!
i don't even have to apply very much
it's something that now i cannot live without.
i've just never really tried them
i don't plan on ever going without it again
i will never stop using this!
i don't know how it works
i just know it does work
if you're on the fence about this product
you will be glad you did!
an eye cream that does what it says it’s going to do
let me tell you this eye gel is where it's at!
i can't use anything else then this eyegel.
volition beauty cares what you want in a product so tell them your thoughts about what you want from skin care
that is what makes volition so special
makes me look so much more awake
you only need a little
t goes a long way
someone asked me if i have had work done
would not feel like you have anything on
after trying on like everything in the market i can say "this is it"love it recommend it
it didn't feel luxurious or do miracles on my face for 68$
some people may not like it and that's fine .
i don't like everything from them
you can't go wrong with this product!
needed a moisturizer that did not make me break out
i won't change this product for nothing in this world it really work
performance make me question ever trying anything else
i can't recommend it enough.
i wasn't doing anything different aside from trying this
that one product that ever lets me down
did not cause any issue
if you want to try just one kiehl's product
it just... it does what it says it will do.
that alone says something!
i also want to try the eye cream heard amazing things about that too
i can tell when i skip a night too.
i can tell that i see some results
dont expect it to be an anti aging cream
i def can tell when i miss a day of using it
t will last you forever
i always go back to this one!
i don't have to mix anything together
you can always see a difference when removed
you don't need a lot
or maybe even better.
even better: it did not tighten
i always go back to it
i could not recommend it enough!
if you're on the fence, i say go for it.
so you have to make sure your face
you get a lot of bang for your buck because it lasts a long time
i can honestly say that this one right here is by far my favorite
this sure does come a long way with helping your skin
overall i think everyone should give this product a try
you won't regret it
u need to rub it a little bit hard
which means i can actually do it in the morning haha
it does well then too
it's saying a lot as i am a kind of person who keeps changing the skin care product lines
once you try it, your hooked.
if you're in your 30's or older
can't speak on that
seriously, you need this in your life.
will never use anything else
you can really feel the difference before
they never really faded or did anything
see what else it can do
can't believe how good this thing worked.
i don't need to wear foundation if i don't want to
i adore that because i like sometimes to go out without make up
gonna say it again
do not like trying new products
i usually don't write reviews
it does feel like it forms a film on your face
it didn't really bug me because i always use this just before i go to bed
you won't feel it
i couldn't believe it!
i used this stuff once.
i can't believe the difference.
if i use a mattifying anything
first let me start off by saying that my skin never behaves
i can't go without it anymore!
honestly it's a must have
i've never seen any product do that
i will never go without it again
decided to give it a try
i guess you could if your skin is super dry
it works wonder on my milia
can't see myself not continuing to buy it
let me just say
it doesn't say much about its ability to fight acne
please give it a go
the associate asked me what type of skin i had
they all did not do anything
i am never going to be without it again
this one is doing what i expected to do
until this i never really *loved* a skin care line until now
i didn't receive the benefits anymore
when i first started using this product i didn't see a difference
at first i did not like it
this stuff does not just "clear up over night"
that is not to say i am acne free forever
you won't regret it.
i didnt like how it felt going on
did nothing for my skin
if you don't have pimples this is a dream
let me start by saying i've tried everything!
i will use this forever.
i like to think that it's working to get rid of my blemishes
if you could even call it that
i would definitely recommend.
my lack of consistency at that age didn't let the product do it's job
which it didn't get rid of entirely
this did not dry me out
everyone keeps asking me what i'm using
it does what it says it will do!
just thought i would reccomend this product for anyone going through the struggle of acne
i don't break out anymore
i personally don't find the smell an issue at all though
if they could change the smell i'd give it 5 stars
it did nothing for me
they guaranteed i would love it.
i know i'm not the only one who's allergies have gotten completely out of control
it does not bother me
so let me now actually review the product
can already tell a difference
nothing bad to say about this product so far.
i can't say overnight results will happen
i always try a different aha product thinking it'll be better
does what it says.
also, don't let my usage of "thick" scare you.
t's always a go to for me
my other moisturizer did not seem to be doing the job
did not disturb me at all
i just wish it gave me a little more hydration
i wanted to wait before i made a review
i like them real well
i can't get enough!
i decided to give this a try
on days that i don't bother with make up
typically when a product smells i don't bother giving it a second thought
i didn't buy for sensitive skin as mine is not
i don't know how i lived without this moisturizer
i don't break out often
i need something that's stronger
'm not sure if if was the moisturizer or something else
i am acne prone and it does not break me out.
please ole henriksen do not change this formula
let me just say
i couldn't find anything that would work/help my skin without irritating it
it doesn't disturb me
can tell a major difference when i forget to use it
no matter how much i use
i don't think i'll ever buy another type of moisturizer again
the only thing i do not like is how expensive it is for how small the jar is
i can't imagine using anything else
i know that sounds like a lot of product on your face--
i found they do what they say if used correctly
what can go wrong?
not sure which one
but i like it.
everything else makes my skin break out
i only know this because i can feel them
they aren't obviously visible anymore
honestly that was enough to heal my face
if you absolutely hate scented products this is not for you
doesn't break me out
i can instantly feel a difference the moment i put this on my skin
i would recommend to any
let me tell you it smells like skittles in a jar what could be better than that
doesn't make me break out
sometimes i feel like you don't need much
it definitely doesn't just sit there.
it's never felt this way before.
i can't wait to see how it helps my red patches as it says it will
she doesn't need as much product to cover it up when she goes out
i don't normally write reviews
if you thinking about it
you should really try it
when i tried this i was pretty hesitant to try it because of the smell
i would reccomend this 10/10 for anyone with normal skin
i can't see myself stopping any time soon
f you hate strong smells it might not be for you
it took me years to learn that your skin shouldn't feel tight after you wash it
this is a product i can't live without!
i feel the cost is appropriate since you don't need much
it does its job although i'm not wow-ed by it
i tried the 3 little wonders from oh
i can really see a difference
sometimes you just find one that works perfectly for you
it does everything it says it does.
i decided to try this one
ole henriksen has not let me down...again!
as i ran out of the cleanser i wanted to try something else
you dont have to use alot product
just pick it up you will not be disappointed
it doesn't take off make up
i feel that i can find something better
it doesn't really do much for black heads
i would definitely recommend this product!
i would recommend it to anybody
unfortunately i am not sure how long a bottle lasts
you do not need to use a lot
then i started hearing all this stuff about how even if you have oily skin
it was recommended to me however when i asked for something to help clear blackheads
overall i think it does what it advertises though
never use anything else again.
i feel confident enough to go with out makeup if i feel like it
please bring this product back.
it is just enough
decided to give this a go
i can't imagine not using it
you know what this cleanser reminds me of?
doesn't hurt if gets in my eyes
i didn't think it was anything special
doesn't bother me at all
i decided to give this cleasner
i totally don't dig it
if you can get past that then it is totally for you
so you only need a drop
i hope they didn't change the formula.
i will not use anything else.
i wouldn't dare wash my face with anything else.
this is exactly what i need for my combination skin
i do like it a lot
i can definitely tell the difference after about 2-3 weeks
it does what it promises to do
i don't know how it will work during our canadian winters
in terms of oil control this doesn't do that
it's not something it claims to do
i guarantee you will love it too!
it is not too think
which can sit in
i don't think i need it because of this stuff
it's just as good if not better
not sure how well this is on it's own though.
i stopped at sephora to ask how to fix it
obv if you're oily they have a specific product for that skin type
i don't think i'll return it because what i do it use it at night time
it took me a bit to actually like this moisturizer i wasn't sure if it was helping with much
aka something that does not break me out
on its own, it'll give you a nice glow.
i wish it wasn't in a jar though
you're better off saving your money if you're looking to buy this because of its ingredients
it doesn't really do anything else
didn't want to write a review till i had finished it
this didn't break me out
does exactly what its name claims to do— it will slowly transform your skin
it will change your life
this is my go to
it has never disappointed or let me down
i've tried everything thing you could imagine
i don't know how to compare it others
would not recommend anything other than this
doesn't have any spf
on bottle number i can't even remember.
it doesn't agree with my foundation at all
i can't even begin to describe how this worked out for my skin
i decided to go with something of a gel consistency
this is awesome if you want to try it out
i always go back to this one
doesn't break me out
i can't go a day without it
couldn't live without it!
i can't live without this magic!
ever since i haven't used anything else until i sadly ran out
cause me to break out or leave me feeling like a greaseball
i can definitely tell a difference when i apply foundation when i do not use it
i can tell the next morning when i have forgotten to use it
i don't tend to breakout as much as before
i am not sure it is really doing what is says for my skin
it did not cause me any trouble
it really does what it claims
i cannot get enough of it
just seems to do the trick
doesn't do the opposite of what it's supposed to do
but it does the job!
and it does so much for your skin!
i don't even need it
my family asked me what i did to it to make it look so healthy
i do recommend giving this a loooot of time to sink in before applying anything over it
spend 20 min doing everything else before adding my spf
i wonder if i'm even using enough
but even if i'm not, i can see the difference.
i wasn't even expecting that
i just did not see any obvious difference in my skin while using it
i recommend this to everyone.
i must say this stuff definetly works for me
not sure if i will buy the bigger bottle just yet
it is sticky which i know some people might not like
like you are supposed to
i decided to give it a go
i noticed that my face didn't look so bad for someone who didn't get enough sleep
i can honestly say that i cannot imagine ever stopping use of it
i can see the difference
i don't use this anymore
i did not notice any change
you won't be sorry
i notice a difference in how my skin looks if i don't use this product
i definitely recommend this product for you
people asked me were asking me what foundation i was using
because i imagine it may not do well with my makeup due to the consistency
i don't wear foundation or anything
can't really speak to how it impacts that application
at first i didn't like it
i always get asked what i use on my face
not sure if it's doing anything or not
so don't think that you can skip that step after applying this product
it does wonders to my skin!!!
i never have break outs anymore
i know people say the product makes them breakout
i mean why would i ever want to buy another empty promise again
couldn't recommend it more.
it didn't break me out
i don't mind that
i can't imagine living without the truth serum!
could be off-putting if you hate fragrances
its everything i want
i will try it again
honestly that is all that you need
maybe not so bad to someone else
sephora folks- feel free to put in my play!
will not go to anything else
i definitely suggest this.
i don't think this normally happens for people
i cannot believe how great my skin looks
i am afraid to change the combo up because my skin looks better than it ever has
maybe try applying this to sections of your face to make sure you don't break out
i can't say enough good things about this.
i can't get enough.
i cant wait to buy my second bottle!
i do get a pimple here and there but not often.
at first i didn't notice anything
i do recommend it!
you don't need a full pump
i didn't use it for a while
you really don't need to use much of this product each use
does not feel like it is just sitting on top of your skin
didn't make them matte like the name says it does
you have to use just a little bit
i wish i could just take off
i really would recommend this if you were thinking of getting it
i know some do not like the scent
it doesn't bother me
i could see where it might bother other people
nothing i try can contain my oil
i would say though
i don't plan to stop anytime soon
does what it states
i do not break out with this product
it doesn't make me break out
i would definitely recommend this to anyone
i think this is "the one"
i can't see myself using another cream ever again
i decided to give it a go due to sephoras amazing return policy
doesn't bother me at all
it is light so you don't need a huge amount
i would recommend it!
never again do i have to look far
i just was not enough
so dont freak out if this happens
i dont think i will go back to a different moisturizer
to give you some background
calming so whenever you apply it you feel like you're doing your skin a favor
great alternative if you miss this product like me
this really helped regulate it for me
it did not break out my skin
would definitely recommend to anyone that has dry
you barely need any
this does the trick.
it does not make me break out one bit
it does not last
this product does what it says .
no matter what i did
i think i've tried them all now
does it solve all of my problems?
this product doesn't do that.
just admit that this works
can't find anything else like it
you really can not beat the price!
i will never try anything else.
i cannot get over how much my skin loves this stuff
i did a lot of research
it doesn't bother me at all
it is wonderful to find a product that i can use during the day that doesn't cause me to break out
you barely feel anything on your skin.
it could seem strong if you do not like scented products
if you don't like pichouli
you probably wont like the smell
it doesn't just sit on the skin
i don't really think so
i don't think i would call it matifying
every time i put this on my face i think to myself "i never want to live without this
you will notice it
not that much anymore
couldn't find anywhere to buy it in the us when i was on holidays there
i definitely recommend this product to anyone.
i honestly can't tell if it's from using this lotion or not
does not make me break out
this product did not disappoint.
doesn't break me out
it is the only one that does not make me break out
greasy so you might want to use it at night only
don't need as much
well, girl, let me tell you.
if i look at a product wrong i may break out.
i keep trying to find something as good that isn't as expensive
i hope they never stop making it.
i cannot use this on my face as i break out
i know this is $$$$to use on feet
because i don't think oil skin can stand this.
you can feel the weigth of it
first of all if you don't use this all i can say is get it now
you will not be disappointed!
haha i don't think you can go wrong with a product that is h
your skin a huge favor get this you will love it
it will love you back
you would never know it looking at my skin
you can get away with it
i can see someone with oiler skin only wanting to use it at night
if you are really dry like i am then you will love this product
have not/will not do surgery
i want to look real as i live
go to youtube if you don't get it
you will look super
realize that it doesn't take much it makes my skin feel soft
to scream did everything they told me would do my skin looks amazing to look younger fermer radian hydrated everything i wanted
when i got the cream i didn't like it cuz i was using it wrong
i couldn't imagine ever doing without it.
i literally can't go without it.
a little does go a long way
i can't compare it to anything
if you don't rub it in enough
it is true what they say in the description.
if this does not make me break out i will buy it forever
that's how they are supposed to be
if you aren't used to it
or right when i get home because i simply can't wait for this level of pampering
it's not like some products that you can feel "working"
you're wondering what it's doing to your skin
i actually don't mind that it gives a dewey look to the skin
let me start by saying
i try to pat it in good
i mean never looked so good
you only need the slightest bit
every time i try to change products i just end up spending $100+ on a bunch of stuff that cannot compare to the results of this cream
i can't believe how well it works
i never knew a moisturizer could make such a difference
what i find wonderful is that if i put it on in the morning
i do not skimp- night
i don't use it daily
i do not use in my tzone
if you just use it for your face
it will last you forever
this doesn't make me break out
if you are neither i would save my money until you need it
no matter how lightly i apply it
i wasn't sure if i should get it
if i feel its not enough i will go over it again
if i told you how bad my face was you wouldn't believe me
i can't believe it.
as long as you don't apply too much
this doesn't do that at all.
you get what you pay for in this cream
i like products that you don't have to re-apply
i wanted to make sure that this creme didn't do funky things to my face
i would recommend this to anyone.
went to sephora to ask about it
you only need a little bit
it's going to last me long enough to where it's actually saving me money in the long run
it does last forever because you need very little to use on your whole face
you don't need to use much at all
just don't put it under your eyes
your skin will thank you in the long run
so you only need to apply a tiny bit
there's not much you can do with that
don't know if this has necessarily improved my acne
which does not bother me
i can't make it mix back in
i didn't see a great change after using this product
it was just ok, not bad but not great either.
love what this does for my skin.
you have to give a product time to see if it's working
now i don't think i will ever experiment again.
it doesn't make me break out
can make me break out more
i don't know what they are talking about
when i don't use it i can tell a difference
i did not dislike it
currently i can't live without it
i don't know why everyone complains about the scent
t is important that i find something that is not going to irritate my skin in any way
it does not agitate my skin in any way
you'll notice a difference when you this.
it may feel like you're working at it a bit long
since the product works i don't see any reason to stop using it
now he can't stop complimenting me about it
you kind of could see you skin glow
it also does not cause breakouts like alot of others
you don't need much
doesn't break me out
i think everyone should give this product a try
i don't blame you if you can't h
a little actually does go a long way
a little did not go a very long way
it doesn't take much to get full coverage onto your face
i don't find it offensive at all
i don't even need foundation at this point
didn't get the effect of this one by philosophy
the only thing i did not like about this was the smell
i read that it did not have a scent
decided to give this a try
why you would you certain products in places for what
my face could really tell the difference
it didn't irritate my face at all
pretty much everything you want from a night cream
i can tell a huge difference if i use it or don't
i can't live without this product.
i can barely see them anymore!
said "where did all my pores go??"
so far i don't see anything bad with it.
i can't say enough great things about this product
it's really helping him out too
that wasn't really helping anyway
at 35 i thought i wouldn't have to deal with this issue
this will be one i can't live without.
it really works:) it does what it says.
let me tell you
i wanted to test if this would clear my skin up
normally pretty much anything will break me out
you should be good to go
a little bit would do the trick
i promised myself last night that if it got rid of this huge pimple that i can feel coming up
i would write a review on it
if you're like me
felt like it did do much
then that's what you need in your life
i can't use it all over
i can tell a huge difference in just 1 month.
i rarely have any serious breakouts anymore
help me help myself is right!!
i think this will still do a world of good for anyone with any lines
i don't seem to see any effect on the fine ones
i refuse to tell anyone my real age
will tell you i am between 25-31
i would recommend this to anyone.
philosophy - please don't ever discontinue!
it actually does what it claims to do
you really can't beat it
i never do reviews
now that i don't really use foundation anymore
don't shake my confidence the way that they used to
i can't say enough about how this product has transformed my skin
they either don't do anything
honestly i don't have much wrinkles really
it does not work overnight so you should not expect that it will
don't hesitate on this one
this product actually does exactly what it says it does
even if it doesn't
i am fortunately enough to not have to worry about wrinkles
not fortunate enough that i don't have to deal with horrible acne
'm never without it
i know you can't get a face lift in a bottle
i don't even have to use foundation anymore.
normally i don't write reviews
dont know how it would compair
it is gentle yet does everything it's supposed to: reduce fine lines
i know that it helps the fine lines on my face
i'd even recommend my 30 something friends to start using it
doesn't irritate like most retinols do
they don't look bad as they used to be
i didn't expect 100% miracle anyways
it is not a big problem anymore
i don't put this all over my face because it doesn't need it
it might be my imagination
until i can afford renova @ $280
i can't give it up
i much prefer it to mederma
decided to give it a try
feel a difference when i don't use it
figured i'd just return it if it didn't live up to the hype
won't stop using it anytime soon
keep doing what you do!!
i believe i can say my skin is more even-toned
i wouldn't want to be without it!
i can't say enough good things about this product
i couldn't see any difference in my skin
i feel like i need to use a moisutrizer
it does nothing for them
since it doesn't do much i didn't like it
this isn't the one you are looking
but didn't do much about my dark circles
my caudalie eye product didn't even do that!
i didn't really think it did anything special
thought: why do i look so dead?
after using the whole bottle i couldn't tell whether it was really doing anything that beneficial besides moisturizing
you know it works when you have dark circles under your eyes
i get really annoyed when a product is packaged in a way that makes it impossible to use all of it
worth of product left that you cannot get out
there really isn't any way to get to it without cutting open the container somehow
you can see the product in there
i feel this does what it says
lack of sleep and 3 kids didn't help the cause!
decided to give it a try
'm going to buy some more of this
i rarely go out of my way to write reviews
most of them either didn't work
i can't give it five stars because it didn't really do anything for dark circles
i really recommend it to you
my doctor even told me i can never have them go away because of my lack of sleep my whole life
so dont expect to see results right away because nothing is f-cking magic
try them...you will not be sorry!
i love the color because you cannot see it on your face
i believe it helps with my puffness
i got it in a kit and it's a must for me now.
this stuff doesn't irritate at all
when i use this, i can see my eyes look bigger.
know i'm not imagining that it's working
although i do not need at eye cream
it does exactly what its supposed to do.
what more could you ask for.
this product does not bother me at all
let me tell you they're bad
you don't need a lot
i cannot wait to see what more time will do!
although it does not do much for my dark circles
i am gonna stick this bottle out
i do like how much product is in the bottle
i am a believer though in spending more money on something that is gonna give me the best results
you can really feel a difference.
i would recommend it.
i think some reviews are a bit inaccurate because people don't know what the products actually do
which is something i read somewhere
let me tell you
haven't used it long enough to know if it works
i know it's a little pricey so not sure if i would buy it again once it's done
i swear to you it lasts forever
i did start to see some difference
i go into using it thinking " i didn't get this issue overnight
my eyes don't look tired anymore.
don't find it does anything for wrinkles
making you feel young again
not sure if i'm going to buy it again since i ran out of it pretty fast
i would recommend it to anyone :)
i can tell a difference in my darkness when i don't use it
will know better when i'm done
you want something better for that.
need to use something else with it.
can't get no better!
i can honestly say i have never seen my skin so nice before
i owe it all to this mask right here
asked me what i was using i recommended this mask
i don't know why
afraid that it might just make me want things i wouldn't be willing to buy in the future
you get way more product for your $$
don't know how it is with a spatula
use kate somervilles eradikate when this doesn't do the job
i do not remember the last time my face ever felt this smooth
i don't even know if its been this wonderful after a facial
i can tell you that i never spend this kind of money on anything
i don't regret it in the slightest
i hardly do reviews
this product cleared out my skin like nothing else
can't live without it.
it didn't irritate me
i must say this mask is amazing.
that you do not need a lot of product
this didn't bother my skin at all
just try it out for yourself
i don't have a pizza face or anything
don't let the price scare you away
this product does exactly that!
it's gentle enough while doing what it says it will do
i finally decided to splurge on this mask because i have wanted it forever
this is the one product i can't live without!!!!
then i realized that's exactly what this mask is supposed to do
this didn't irritate my skin at all-- i found it really easy to apply
it did everything a mask should
it did not make me break out
this mask really did the trick to help refreshen my skin
maybe it was doing what it's supposed to
i didn't leave it on long enough??
what do i come home to
when i need them
i don't think i would ever purchase this
i do like the way my skin looks
you'll have my review
you don't need much product to begin with
i love that you can choose to use this every day or as a deep cleanser
this product is perfect for when you're not sure why your skin is reacting/breaking out
in just one use i can already tell i love it.
it's like they know me or something.
you can definitely see a difference on my skin.
i love this cuz it cleans your skin without giving it too much harm
for sure try it as a cleanser if you get a chance
life changing product, it's a must for anyone!
it does last you a long time
you don't need to apply it for very long time
buy you can get clean face
it does just that
my skin does not let me
i would say if your nose is drier you might want to go over that area more
unless i'm really rushed i prefer it that way
does not bother my skin adversely in anyway
i can proudly say yes, it does.
there isn't one negative thing i could say about this product
i could not even smile
did not break me out
i did not expect to look younger
because the store informed me they didn't carry this one anymore
it does nothing for the skin like this one does.
it didn't seem to do the job
won't go back to it
which does not make me break out at all
can't say enough about this.
wouldn't make me break out
they did not work for me
i will continue to use to see if it is indeed this cream that's causing the breakout
whenever i used that i didn't really feel like i had moisturized anything it was so light
i am not going to lie
you should consider this
you don't need to use much
didn't think anything could be better
it does not make me break out
i don't think it's necessary to have it in all my products
you seldom feel like you need it
i love this product because it does not irritate my skin
this did not cause me to break out in the least
no matter your skin type
would definitely recommend this to everyone!
does not make me breakout
i would recommend this line to anyone
i do breakout easily
not heavy at all i feel like i'm wearing nothing.
i can't wait to try more from this brand!
it does what it is suppose to do
this product does not do that
the one thing i didn't like was the price
i don't mind it
i figured what the heck
try it you'll love it -
it doesn't feel like there is anything on your skin after it's applied
this does not cause my skin to break out
i don't want them to change this great formula
i think would probably work on any skin type
once i put it on i never feel it again
no idea how it got there, but i'm glad it was.
f you have sensitive skin this may not be for you
nothing i do will make it pop up.
it just doesn't do that great of a job getting makeup off
this product does nothing
i order the wrong thing i had wanted the oil cleanser
you will definitely want to try this out
i didn't think that was possible.
if i wear a lot of make-up i use this first
i didn't give it 5 stars b/c i think there are micellar water cleansers that do the same thing
or rather you don't have to
you do need to wash your face with something
you're just taking bottles of this you'll hate off the market for the rest of us that love it
the product they send me
packaging can say one thing
just because it says "no need to rinse" doesn't mean you don't need to proceed with the proper cleansing after wards
if you were not wearing any makeup then a cleansing milk is all you would need to use
if you do we're makeup then learn to properly cleanse to be a happy consumer:
you only need a little
i can't say enough positives about caudalie
it can't do the work
all of the dirt that you had no clue was on your face
now i know why
i decided to do some research
the film doesn't make a difference when applying make up over it
i m waiting to see if it's still working for me
i did get kind of red
i only write that in case it happens to anyone else
for all i know
if it does happen
you don't even need to use water
i agree though that it does not remove waterproof make-up on it's own
what i like about this one is that it doesn't dry my skin
my skin is just starting to act like i'm not in my teens anymore
can't use anything that will make me break out in my t-zone
so paying more money for anything more fancy is a waste in my opinion
i like it and would recommend it.
i just tried it just now
don't get me wrong
with this product i don't have to worry about that
thinking it wouldn't be good
decided to give it a try
doesn't cause me to break out
have you ever noticed if you wipe your face the second time
that is why you need to do it a second time.)3.
i actually really like that one too
this is all you need
i notice a difference when i don't use it
i don't get acne anymore and my face stays clear.
it doesn't break me out at all
does not make me breakout
i will probably go back to my josie maran though.
i can tell a difference when i use this product
i'd recommend this for anyone of any age
i do feel it is a bit stripping, though.
can't say anything bad
really work it into your face
i deff recommend it if you want something gentle
doesn't break me out or give me allergies
that's when i knew i had never tried anything like it before
it does the job
my only negative is the fact that i can't tell when it's going to run out as the bottle isn't see-through
definitely something to invest on if you want better skin
i decided to give it a try
this product doesn't break me out
couldn't find anything else that was anywhere near as good as it
know i'm not using too much or little of the product
it's perfect if you just want a basic cleanser.
like it so much
i will never use anything else!
i cannot say enough how much this cleanser has changed my life
it does not disappoint
i did decide to read up on the other products
absolutely will not even try anything else
can't believe i hadn't reviewed it sooner
please don't ever stop making this or reformulate it boscia
buy this if you a need simple
i am so happy to have finally found a cleanser that does everything i need it to do
it doesn't break me out at all
let alone that a cleanser would help--i've tried everything
this is coming from someone who doesn't like spending a lot on skincare
i keep repurchasing because i have yet to find anything else that leaves my face feeling clean without overdrying
this didn't irritate it at all
you only need a little bit
does not leave it tight
it does not work overnight
it helps me that way when i use it.
that one didn't work for me at all
it works if you use it every day because i saw changes
it's well worth the money, but not if it leaks...
i would truly recommend this product besides us not harsh on the skin
when i do get a breakout i use this
they don't work at all
i don't know what they were thinking with this design
if it wasn't such an effective product i wouldn't bother
cannot say enough good things about this product!
when i see myself getting a little bump i put it on
that's all you need to know.
i don't think it has that much
i don't know about anyone else
the next day i want to cry
plus you only need a little so this pen actually lasts quite awhile
now i don't get any like that
i would definitely recommend it to anyone
i almost never review things
they will take forever to go away
if anyone gets stress prone acne like mine i would definitely recommend this product
it just doesn't do anything except sooth
does help my breakouts get better
this does not irritate it
they will occasionally happen anyway
i like that this product doesn't kill my skin
please bring it back!
:) i definitely would recommend this product
since it's clear i'm sure you could
you can't beat that.
please bring it back
i can't imagine living without it
then this is for you
i really cannot say enough good things about this product
when i do get a spot
could't get to sephora for a whole week
can't tell if it's working
not sure if it's the main treatment
because the travel size really doesn't go that far
i just wish you would get more for the money.
i tried everything you could humanly find until i finally turned to boscia
you can apply this after you put serum
it does not cause your foundation or blush to go onto your skin differently
it doesn't work miracles
i don't have fine lines under my eyes so only time will tell if it prevents them
my only gripe is that it seems to sit on top of my skin for a long time
this really does the trick
you can go ahead
and my eyes do not look so tired.
i can't say enough good things about this eye cream
i really hope that boscia never gets rid of it because i seriously don't know what i would do
that doesn't come in a jar
i will never use anything else.
does what it should
that thought didn't change much after trying a h
you don't have to use alot for it to be affective
if i am not very careful
can't tell by the weight of the bottle how much is left
but this one does not cause that.
all i can say is that my skin really really likes this product
i don't find it helping much with my wrinkles
can apply it when im on a call etc
while it does not completely get rid of my circles
the only thing i dont like is the packaging.
i think so much is left inside which we cant pump out
a little does go a loong way
i would recommend this to anyone of any age.
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
my only complaint is that it doesn't do enough for dark circles
you don't even need a full pump so this bottle will last awhile
you can see for yourself
i didn't find it did much for my under eye bags
for someone who doesn't have that issue
can't say if it helps with that
that's what i need at 63
i don't think there's any product out there that will do that
boscia because it does not have all that extra stuff in it
i recommend this product to anyone who wants something simple
i will never use anything else.
first eye cream that actually does what it claims
if i miss a night i can tell the difference
the only gripe i have is that the pump lets out far too much product- so beware
that doesn't do too much
i won't leave the house without it
you don't need much of it
definitely give it a try!
sephora has a great return policy do you won't lose anything if you end up hating it
i don't know about it reducing wrinkles or any of that
not that much of a problem
this one did not disappoint
just use moisturizer for a while because i figure it's not doing *that* much
i forget how bad they really are until i run out of this treatment
i didn't want to spend the $90 on the laura mercier product
i just could not justify spending $165 for the la mer eye concentrate anymore
i also really like that it does not create any kind of a film that interferes with makeup application
this cream does all it promises to do and more.
it's nice to know i can do something about it
i would recommend this treatment to anyone.
but i wont digress further.
not sure it does much for my wrinkles
can't say if it helps with that
this has done nothing to irritate it
that i won't be able to get all of the product out
give it a few weeks & you'll see the difference.
i don't know if i'll be able to get all the product out
you don't need to use very much at a time
this product does seem to help diminish them
i wanted to see if the day
this is my first review i prefer to read them.
i would recommend this to anyone.
decided it was finally time to try to do something about it
this product does not do anything negative to my skin
i love how it feels after you rub it on your face
however i think maybe a little too much
i would get this
i personally wouldn't use it a lot
i usually never write reviews
decided to try something different
you see real results.
this one does for a moment
using this absolutely did not cause any breakouts
i can't tell you what a difference it has made to my skin
people even comment on how much younger i look
i will never be without this stuff!
which i consider a good thing
i love putting this moisturizer on--i get this child-like glee whenever i do as if i'm really treating
i find i don't need it
i do notice a difference when i don't use it after my cleanser
i felt this product did help to lighten them
couldn't imagine going without this moisturizer
i highly recommend trying the smaller jar to see if you like it
if you do see the results you want
this leaves my face looking so beautiful that i can't stop using it
you should at least ask for a sample & try it.
just like anything else from korres
never had anything like it.
this one does the trick
everything that happened in it
i would never replace my night cream with anything else
i think the scent is light enough where it doesn't bother me
i don't think it was enough during the winter
i don't know why people complain so much about it
really wanted something that would brighten
i can't express enough how much i recommend this to everyone
if you're on the fence give it a go.
you won't regret it.
i enjoy the fact that it is not too heavy for me
this does not add any grease whatsoever from what i've seen
not too mention a little goes a long way
this definitely doesn't disappoint me in that department
so try for yourself
not sure about that
does everything it states!
i will not change to another one if i can help it
you will absolutely not be sorry :
now i don't even notice it-
doesn't break me out
i will not use anything else.
it lasts forever cause you get so much ans it really does make your face feel clean
i don't know where i'd be without it
i don't know about other people
the reason i like this a lot
i like to try new things
for this reason i don't like to use it under my make-up
will not use anything else for my face
you do get your money worth
t will last you
you have to try it!
you just can't go wrong.
if that's helpful for anyone
for those who do not know how to do basic math
don't wanna invest in too many bottles at once.
sometimes my skin will break out when i try something new
though i don't think the $36 price tag they say it is is true i do think this is a great deal
you won't regret it
nothing can be so good no matter how luxury or hype
everything change on rules: because i read
just because you didn't get it or it sold out don't leave a bad review about the product itself
unfortunately i didn't buy in time to take advantage of it either
happy shopping, don't take it so seriously!
totally worth the money if you can get your h
which i didn't realize
it's for sensitive skin so there is no way you can get a bad reaction from it
i recommend this to everyone i know!
the fragrance does not break me out which is a huge issue for me
when i don't use it my skin will freak out
the only thing i use never brakes me out
you just need a small amount to do the best job
i recommend to take the big bottle
it does the job
i would use something else
you don't need a lot of product to get a good clean
did not feel like it was "magic" by any means
if you really want something for sephora this is a decent cleanser
honestly stuff from the drug store will do just good of a job
did not break me out
i don't think it removed make up as advertised
i don't think i will ever find another product to replace this
or lack there of anything pretty
now i don't even notice
i really couldn't ask for more in a face wash.
'm not saying their wrong
i don't break out anymore
i feel like a lot of them are scented or they just do not do the job
i always thought it wouldnt do well on my acne prone skin
you can't go wrong with this
i didn't even know how good this cleanser was for my skin until i stopped using it
i can't say enough good things about it
i'll probably use this forever.
i don't notice the awful smell others are commenting on
i still do since it just makes it look better
it doesn't bother me much though.
i wouldn't say it has improved my skin either
philosophy never fails to impress.
my favourite thing about this product is that you can rub it all over your face
doesn't do anything that impressive for my skin other than clean it
i would imagine it would do the trick
it never ceases to amaze me how my makeup melts right off
so i won't switch for the world.
they truely know how to care for sensitive skin.
can't live without it!
you may want to order 2 so you have one by the sink
you don't need more than that
you don't get that same sensation
i don't wear alot of make up
most days i don't wear any
i gave it 4 stars b/c i feel if you skin was super dry it would be great for you
and you only need a little of it.
while most people say they don't notice it
it bothers me to no end
if i can only wear one kind of make up
anyone can use this
what else is there to say
amazing face wash that actually does what it's supposed too
even productsi don't put on my face
t lasts longer than you'd think
well i don't have acne so it was not for me.
this did not burn
(bring it back, please?!?!)
you are good to go
if you want to get mass make-up off
i think i need to get my scrub back
so don't use too much
i like it cause it does what i need it to do
can't believe i never thought about it
unfortionetly does nothing to help my rosatia
on the plus side it doesn nothing to hurt it either
sometimes want to try something new
it doesn't really foam so you don't need to use a lot
i would recommend it.
i went to sephora to ask for help.
you will know right away if it will work.
this one doesn't do that.
plus it doesn't make me break out.
so far i like it
i figured it was just stress
you name i have used it
this doesn't at all
this does what it claims to do
t will last you a while
i don't think i will be buying this again because it doesn't really have any special effect on my skin
so part of me does want to buy it again
i do think i have less breakouts when i use it
decided to give it a try
i will not go a day without it
i don't notice anything different with my skin
he did not like dr
he wouldn't use it
he said "please get me the good stuff from sephora' it's well worth it
see if it works for you
i asked him to try this product
bought this for myself because i'll try anything labelled vitamin a
doesn't make me breakout.
must have for every guy out there-- just don't forget spf
you just look more
i actually don't mind it at all.
i never know whether he will really use something
he liked it so much he asked me to order more for him
i would recommend any dude get this stuff!
see how it does over time
i see a difference when i don't put it on.
one thing i wish is it to have spf in it.
i would definitely recommend this product
this product really does what it says it does.
i don't know if it has been my bad luck or this happens to others too
i definitely notice a difference when i go without it for too long
i decided to really get serious about getting rid of them
it does exactly what is promised
this won't fix that completely
if you don't want to spend the money until you are sure
every time i try something else
i come back to this guy
it does what it says.
when you do that your makeup will stay on as well
even if it doesn't fix the problem completely
cuz it is seriously the business when it comes to that
i don't know if it is the best product.
but i would try any thing to minimize my pores.
i really recommend trying this.
i do suppose you get a lot of product as you only need to use a bit of it
this product is doing exactly what i wanted
this one does exactly what it says
i am going to try the rest of the line
i don' know if it is the dermadoctor's wrinkle revenge or this product that is doing the trick for my skin
i appreciate that it does not break me out
anyway this doesn't make them really smaller
t's not hard to not breathe for that time
i really can tell a difference in my pore size
you really need to try
if you are thinking of trying this product i def recommend giving it a shot
none of them made me want to write a review
i don't have either anymore
cuz if i use it more i get oily
my skin has completely cleared up -- don't know how they're related
i couldn't believe it.
let's see on a longer period of time if they stay that way
but, suddenly i can't get the pump to work.
can't get product to come out
i would recommend this product definitely you will see results
only thing i do not like is the bottle is white
can not tell when i will be out
highly recommend you will not be sorry.
indeed it does smooth them out
i just think i need to give it more time.
i don't know if there is alcohol in the product
you will really notice the difference
i just started using it again because my skin really looks better when i use it
when that happens i can't believe the difference
never gonna give this up again!
which i thought would work for me
you don't need very much, which is always a plus.
the only thing to remember is to apply some kind of spf coverage afterwards
i didn't know how much it could improve
my makeup now does what it promises
it does seem to work
the things we do for beauty!
not sure sephora has it
i never go out without it.
this does what it says it will do for me
... did i really spend $40 on this?
i guess i did.
i will say that it's very light when it goes on
love it cannot believe how well it works.
it took 3 whole weeks for anything to happen.
maybe i need to wait longer for that
it is ok if you really want to get rid of your pores
this actually is the only thing that does the job
i am not crazy about how it feels immediately after applying it
granted i examine them with microscopic intensity maybe even obsess about them a bit
the reason for 4 stars is that it does stop working if you stop using it
make us go away
we'll just appear bigger
" they seem to tell me
they are clear of stuff that only i can notice
i don't like that so much when i am trying to sleep
it is doing what it says it will do
you dont have to put a lot
they can't actually get smaller
i expect it to last awhile
i honestly have no clue how this made others' pores bigger
i will never use anything else.
so one day you'll be surprised to find it's gone
either get too little or too much
my only regret is that i didn't find it earlier.
i do agree the packaging could be better so you can see how much you have left
i never write reviews on anything
the absolute only thing i can use on my very sensitive
he doesn't notice many small things like that
i know this is helping
i decided to try that
'm not sure how much more product i have left
i usually don't do reviews
i can't use that on my face either
it does exactly what it says.
you need to go in
doesn't doesn't feel heavy when it goes on
i can't say enough about this product
nothing else i have tried even comes close
this product does what it says.
i would absolutely recommend it
i wouldn't purchase it again since i did not see any huge difference
this does not do that!
a little does go a long way
minda made me not wanna wash my face
let me tell you about the packaging
i know we all wash before starting
corrected does what it says
love it and don't want to be without.
it does what it says
finally decided that i would try it
be ready to take it back if it didn't do something pretty major within 30 days
have tried to find something else not as expensive
decided to give it a try again
i didn't use this again because it was so expensive
it does just that.
we all want a miracle cure, but it doesn't exist.
you don't need much - a little goes a long way.
it does not take a lot of this product
lol it also fights anti-aging so that is great because with rosacea you can't really do too much other than stay out of the sun
if you can afford it
it doesn't break me out
most importantly if it didn't work for me i could return it
i really can't tell if this product is effective or not
i don't think i'll buy this again
i hate the new packaging because you can't tell how much you have left
it does exactly what it says its going to do!
my fault for not asking sooner
i guess now is when i'm going to have it really bad
no matter what i did, it just got worse.
i couldn't see a difference.
well let me tell you... it's worth every penny!
you can always return it if it's not working for you
i don't think you'll be sorry you did.
you won't regret it
it does not make me breakout at all
this cream helps more than anything else i've tried
i can tell a difference within a week.
hope it goes away forever
cetaphil was the only thing that did not enflame this area
it does not sting when i apply it
i think this actually does help my omnipresent
this is everything i want in an eye cream.
my esthetician couldn't get it for me anymore
anyone else with dark circles knows how hard they are to fight
have never found anything to get rid of them
i can't really tell that it "lifts" anything though
i always come back to it
i don't feel this is a problem i should have yet
i cannot live without it.
not a big difference but i can tell.
i usto use hylexin which i did notice a big difference with
i don't expect miracles
i do only use it in the morning so maybe that is why
this seems to do the trick
i need something that is a better mosturizer
it does take about 3-4 months to see the difference
this does the trick
i really do like this product would i be interested into trying something else yeah i would tak up that offer
have tried just about anything
most things do not work
thought it probably wouldn't do much to improve my skin
you can hardly tell you have a mask on
this product does just that
little did i know how well it would work
take the leap of faith like i did
know it'll last a long while
i would not take in the shower though.
if you learn how to use it.
i don't think my skin needs it anymore twice a day
i will continue using it because it never fails
what it did to my skin
yes, it does make a mess.
it goes on about as easy as you would expect
i cannot believe what a difference this has made to my skin
i honestly didn't know what to do anymore
i just can't believe how clear my skin has gotten
i literally tried everything to try
i don't have to worry
you really need to try it yourself to see how good it is
everything else seems to do nothing for my skin
you have to try it yourself to see how amazing this bar is
i dont recommended this for really dry skin folks
tried everything i could get my h
i rarely spend money on myself
i like them too
my skin decided it would go crazy
which didn't help anything
really paranoid about what i was putting on it
this bar doesn't irritate me
i used it for awhile
i didn't want to add this extra step in my cleansing routine
long time if you use it right
whenever you want to use the mask
you can apply it to your face as you please
but i really like this one.
it does what it says it will do
i couldn't get rid of
the only thing is you do not want to use this before some big event or during a school week because it makes all of your pimples come to the surface
don't worry tho because they are gone within one or two days
i can tell this bar is going to last a long time
from what i have read
i will not go without it now that i know its super powers
i cannot believe the difference in my skin.
can tell a huge difference
thought i would give this a try
i knew i needed something gentle that would not irritate my sensitive skin
i honestly feel like i don't even need makeup
this is absolutely worth every penny because i can tell it's going to last forever
you might wonder why anyone would want to pay this much money for what is essentially a block of clay
if you ever get those big
then i let it sit on my skin
if i don't forget
i think that it will last forever
i figured i might as well give it a try
don't expect this to act like soap.
try it you will like it!
it does exactly what it says
"this bar really helps to get out any
i honestly suggest you try this product if you're struggling with acne
i wish i could give this product 6 stars
even though i use it a lot, it lasts forever.
i wanted to make sure i gave it time to work
what this product did for me
can't wait to use it again.
that why you can use this bar forever.
then my skin only cleared up that much more you know
i think using it daily really does help
will recommend this until i find something better
do try it though
you have nothing to loose
i can't go a day without using it.
i am glad i found this because i am tired of putting chemicals on my skin that do less than what this does for me
many people say that it is messy but i disagree.
i think it will last me forever
i don't have to fight with a tube to get product out
they don't work as well on me as i would expect.
i don't know but this works!
i want to try this
i always wait a decent amount of time to write a review because opinions of skin care can change so fast
i bet you won't
there shouldn't be a problem
i won't be without this now
i normally never write reviews
i need to do one for this bar
it didn't make a difference at all
thought why not give it a shot
not anymore, thanks to this bar!
nor does it break
a bar will last you forever
i don't agree at all
i do mean everything for my oily
let me tell you
i recommend ordering and trying it for yourself!
i think you will like it!
i guess you can say its a reasonable price since it will last you a while
everyone should try something that is natural
could it really work for me?
i do agree it is messy but well worth it.
this one does wonders for me
i can't live without it!
never thought i would give up my cetaphil
everything without even trying
don't know why others say it doesn't at all
i definitely suggest giving this a try
just try the travel size if you're worried you won't like it
doesn't make me break out
which you should do anyway so you're getting your face clean before you cleanse
the little one lasted me a super long time because you do not need much of the product
i would recommend to anyone!
never found a face wash thats done a better job
i don't know if it necessarily helps my skin
did absolutely nothing for me
i don't know what is in this product
i can't imagine that there could be a better face wash than this
if you aren't like me
i can't recommend it enough.
it's great everyone should have this
i can't say enough good things about it.
i would really recommend it to all skin types
let me tell you it is worth every penny
i can't live without it.
i decided to give it a try
i decided that i could get past the smell
it is mild but it also does something, you know?
i can say if you message it in correctly the first time
i would never have thought to try something like it
i don't think it would help with any of my skin issues
sometimes that's just what you need
i can never tell much difference with cleansers
could not love this facewash more.
it does sting the eyes though if you try to get in there
it does not irritate it at all
this is the one product i honestly cannot live without
can we quit it with the 'holy grail' reviews?
i know some people don't like the scent
i can't live without this stuff
im not sure how come it didn't remove others makeup
honestly you don't need a lot i use maybe a dime amount
i see after a month if it's actually doing me any good
it may feel as if it's too "light" to be doing any good
it did not dissapoint
it didn't bother me
whenever i stop using this people notice a difference
don't use moisturizer i get so many compliments everyday of people telling me how smooth
i finally decided to give it a try
this product is defiantly something i would recommend
usually don't leave reviews on anything
this is for you
at first i didn't like this
it's not my daily go to however
i really do like it.
i will always recommend this because it works.
i've tried everything there is
much like the clarisonic or something
only reason i give it 4
i would probably give it 5 stars
this product does it all.
this product does not irritate my eyes at all
i can't stress enough how great this product is.
i think this is a must try for everyone
no matter what your skin type
this product does not make my face break out
i really don't see the big deal with it
then this prob isn't for you
it certainly doesn't contri
yes it does burn a little
nothing i ever tried actually did anything for the problem areas of my face
i will say that it definitely stings pretty badly when you first apply it
so when you get through that it goes away completely
embedded acne like me this might happen to you too
wouldn't use it before a big event or pictures
you really can't go wrong
yes it does hurt when you first apply it
i gotta say 90% of them were cleaned out
can't wait to use it more
i didn't have any burning feeling whatsoever
let me tell you
i don't mind it
i can't wait to use it again
wish i could use it everyday
would recommend using this at night unless you plan on using makeup anyway
which i like cuz at least you can see the mask actually doing something
you can see it working!
i would definitely recommend this product
nothing else seemed to work but this one did!
i don't have really
black heads just can't ever seem to go away for me
this will freak you out
not only does it work in my husb
you could actually see the pores
then this mask might not be for you
if you can get through that
you will not regret it
i think i may even like it better than gg!
we were cute, let me tell you!
i could not believe the difference
i think it definitely does everything it says in the full description
i decided i'm just going to use it
the only thing i would say is that the effects didn't seem to last long
i don't have to leave it on forever
i decided that i would try it out since he wasn't using it
if you use this
you will get red on everything
they don't recommend this for sensitive
you just need a little to have a good effect.
you don't use much
make sure you don't put this on directly after you've shaved
it does get the job done
your face will look
as someone else mentioned
do yourself a favor and try this!
for me it is expensive if i hve to use another cleanser afterwards
i will say it does not lather
this stuff is exactly what i need
or maybe i don't know how to use them properly
it never fails to please.
a post-product toner would probably do the trick
if you dont wear heavy make-up
i will never go back
it does what it's meant to do
please try it... you won't be disappointed!
it doesn't completely take off my eyemakeup
i sometimes forget if i already put on moisturizer or not
you can always trust this one
i definitely recommend this product if you have dry
every once in awhile i go back to it as it works best if you don't use it every day
this would serve you well enough if for some reason you couldn't apply primer
this product did not disappoint
if it works for you then it will work wonders
i know it doesn't make sense
i also love that i don't have to go in with a primer afterwards
it simply gets everything off your face!
curious to see what happens in the summer.
i don't have much of a problem with oil
i wouldn't want to add shiny
can't speak to how it wears in that regard
i don't mind it at all
because if it can fool my mother it's doing better than 99% of makeup out there
can't wait to try their other products
but it really does work!
i can't wait to try more products from this company
i don't know why some are giving bad or so-so reviews
this doesn't bother me at all
you don't need to use a lot
does give me a glow after i use both day
i could literally eat it up!
we didn't agree with one another
i don't worry about shine all day
but this does exactly that!
i can't wait to use it daily
it does exactly what it says.
and, it did not break me out.
it actually does work as a primer too
i can see how this might not work for everyone
i don't think i have sensitive skin
t makes it difficult to switch up my routine
this won't be for you
doesn't work miracles for any problem i may have
can i give this stuff 6 stars?!?
once is absorbed it just feels like your skin i can't explain it
it does exactly what it promises
even if you don't
next day i did things normally.
it does the job.
it wouldn't let me give it 5 stars
i would if i could
i love that sephora let's you sample before you buy
im sure some of you legitimately had problems with this
i literally do not even need foundation anymore
she didnt know i was using something knew either
lets say that again, alllllll daaayyy.
im like girrrl how can these ladies be getting bad results????
which doesn't happen often
do not do that with this product
you could definitely skip one if you use this product
i don't care what this does
i could never find a primer that would keep me matte
the one thing that i am not sure about is the scent
this is a product that does exactly what it says
decided to give it a try
i can't believe how well this work with my nars pore primer
about the only thing that would make it 100% for me is if it had spf 30
i guess you gotta do a little something for yourself every now
i wish i wouldn't have
this is everything i wanted it to be
i love this so much and i can't stress it enough.
to anyone who wants clear
would definitely recommend, it does what it says.
the only thing is you need to make sure your fingers are super
i decided to try it out
constantly read the ingredients before trying anything
they too strong for me so the guy from skin care suggest this
omg when i start see how my face start change
i can't recommend this enough.
now if only i can convince my husb
it can change your life
i never thought i would love it so much that i would ever get the full sized pack
after years of feeling like i couldn't go out without makeup on
i now find myself going out without makeup on all the time because my skin looks that good
if you can afford this product
i don't have to wear foundation anymore.
if you're thinking about buying it
definitely give it a try
i can tell it is starting to even out my skin
i recommend this to everyone :
very good, i must not forget to use.
i don't have either
i don't think it is good enough considering the price
honestly i could the whole bottle on my face
i mean to the point of i'm always so scared to try a new product because 97% of the time it will cause me to breakout or have super dry skin
since i did run out i decided to try something new since i really want to help my scars
it definitely didn't break me out
nothing i could find helped me at all
i guess you just need to try it to see if it works for you
have not met a product that i don't like
i know that will take time
seeing that you don't need to use much of it
let me tell you how it changed my life
wasn't sure if this product would work with me
which is okay because the product did notpromise to do so
if you can afford this, then please buy this!
i want to post it here since it's all from sephora
i hope this helped someone out there
if you take nothing else from this review
it just want doing it for me
this did not cause any sort of reaction
i don't write reviews
even if it didn't
i can't say enough about this serum
f this makes you break out
i can tell that my face looks better
you need 3 drops, maybe 4, max.
why else is it so expensive
there's not just a lot to be done
my face has started to glow so much that i feel like i don't need makeup
i decided to try it out
can only assume that my skin looks
i can't get enough
i guarantee you will love your results.
follow up we me i would love to know if my review helped you alot
it's one of those things where you notice how soft your skin is
i dont know what type of age group this targets to
this is absolutely one thing i can never live without
i couldn't believe what amazing results i saw in such little time
i can't wait to see what happens with more continual use
this little guy did the trick
ok more like all of them
when i apply it
unfortunately i'm not going to buy it again unless it for a gift
sidenote: just because i'm allergic to this doesn't mean it not a great product
this just do the job
i didn't really want it
it did not break me out either which i always worry about with new skincare products
it does a little time
don't know what else could be out there
so this wont make your face perfect
mostly, i couldn't tell what it was doing for me.
i just didn't feel like it was a useful step to add
i am one who will tell the truth about products
i couldn't get over it.
i don't know if it does all of its said benefits quite yet
i can't have anything with salicylic acid because for some reason it makes me break out
can't wait to see what it does in the long run!
i actually had someone get angry at me when i made a joke about being "old like us"
a lot goes no where so you do have to use a lot of product
it's not gonna help
now i won't be without it.
you people need this!
this does the trick.
guess you have to test things out for yourself sometimes
if you're on the fence about this product
i say go for it
if you are like me
if you can afford to spend this much on cleanser
you will not regret it
somehow it still does not feel clean enough for me
i don't know if it does anything else
a clarins rep at sephora recommend i give this a try
i don't even know what words to use describe exactly what i love
can be if you arent gentle
if you don't mind that smell then this product is incredible
good investment if you ask me!
i would recommend not to use it everyday because it it can dry out your skin
nice but i don't think i would buy it again.
i'll try something else when this runs out
if they put that scent into anything else
i would buy it no matter what
i can't believe i wasted so much time without it
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was because of the price :
people have told me so
if you want something stronger try the laura mercier face polish
for something to use everyday try this
i like to try new things
you can never go wrong in getting this cleanser.
i can't use just any product
it does what it's supposed to do.
i really do like this for cleansing
it also dispenses alot so make sure when you use it just squeeze a little bit since it will be plenty enough
i would recommend this if you want to use it as a cleanser
if you want something stronger try the laura mercier face polish
for something to use everyday try this
i want to use it all over my body.
you don't need to use very much at a time
something i am still trying to get used to
i love this stuff and need to get more.
didn't have any good or bad expectations of it
i decided to give it a try
this cleanser is exactly what i wanted.
be careful not to get the little exfoliators in your eyes or you'll have a heck of a time getting em out
i don't find it to be harsh at all
it certainly doesn't linger
i can see the difference when i don't use it.
that didn't happen with this
this one is one of the few that doesn't make my skin mad
i cant wait to start using it twice daily to see if it'll keep on improving for my dark circles
for a quick fix it actually works
why would you use this one rather than the balm if you want a more hydrating product
i don't think this will do anything for anti-aging
keep that in mind if you're on the go like me
didn't think i was seeing any results
this eye gel does exactly what it promises.
i don't have dark circles so can't comment on that part of the product's claim
can't say enough about these great
i can see the difference
which i think you have to do to reduce dark circles
every so often i try something else recommended by a friend or sales rep
i would definitely recommend giving this a try.
i can't live without it
you won't see results right away
didn't notice much right away
i don't remember to use it everyday
does exactly as told.
i can't be without it
this is the only thing i have ever tried that helps me
this doesn't do much for under-eye circles
cant believe the change
a little does go a long way
enjoy doing the patting routine they recommend to apply it
i do like this
i couldn't wait to get home
'd look human again
it does exactly what is says.
i couldn't believe it.
i love that you can use this all over the eye!
probably my fault though
as i didn't figure out a good way to apply it
what more could you ask for?
i will gladly give up something else to keep stocked with this
it really doesn't do anything for my eyelids like a lifting effect maybe overtime
i would recommend anyone to try it.
i can say that a
i didn't really notice any anti aging going on
i don't have a lot of lines
i don't sleep much because of work
i decided to give this product a try
you do need to apply a little bit more compare to normal eye cream
they would either irritate my eyes or frankly do nothing
not sure if i'm explaining it right
did not see the need to
dont have a lot of wrinkles to test it on
what more can you ask for?
i just want to do it as gracefully as i can
but hey if your made of $ go for it!
most are fine smile lines that don't bother me at all
can't tell if it helped with my lines
i can tell you that i definitely look more awake in the morning
it's true... you get what you pay for!
don't get enough sleep as the result of a very dem
i know that fine lines won't magically disappear
don't waste time or money on anything else
your eyes we are talking about
all you need in one bottle
it does everything it promise
did everything i want
i don't know how this stuff works--
i decided to just try it
i see no reason to waste anymore time or money on trying others who disappoint
didn't do anything for fine lines
so when i smile i dont see as much creeping
i cant really tell if it's helped with under eye puffiness as i have had it forever
i didn't realize how dry they were.
you know how it is
tired you're just not going to feel real great about the way you look
you have to give any product a chance to work.
or really don't do much of anything.
it takes the little lines under my eyes away more than anything else i have tried
this does give a little lift when i use it which is nice
i am not sure how it would work on it's own over time
i can't really tell if it helped.
others i did not
i am going to try the ole henriksen eye cream now
if it doesn't work i will try this again
you don't have to be mature to use it
i don't see any tightening yet
like it-not sure if i love it .
this does the trick
that's just what i've been told over
lol.. i won't use anything else now.
people at work would always ask me if i was tired all the time
i did not see a difference immediately
again because for me it just does wonders
thank heavens sephora ships fast because i can tell a dramatic difference in my eyes when i don't use this product
and remember - you only have once face!
it will last you forever because you only need a little dab
i seriously recommend this for every person.
if you are wondering, just get it!!!
which i didn't like
have yet to try it ask a mask
it does what it's supposed to
pretending i don't give a hoot about how i look
you cannot believe how amazing your skin looks.
you should def give it a try.
i know it says not to rub
if i don't wear it, i can tell.
i don't apply it everyday because i don't want my skin to get used to it too much
i don't think there is anything better really.
i don't know what is in this tube of magic
i didn't buy it for those things
i seriously get asked what make up i have on
i don't use it all the time
i think you just have to know how to use it.
you apply it to you skin
i can't imagine using anything else.
also makes it easier to go without foundation or tinted promer on the weekends when i dont want to wear very much makeup
the product does "sit on the skin
" since you aren't supposed to rub it in
i can't say for sure that it tightens
don't know how or why
i try to go without foundation
you're not supposed to rub it in too much
i don't always manage to do that either
i do use this stuff
i don't think i'd rush out to purchase it if i ever ran out
i don't like it as much as benefit's porefessional
it really does transform your face in minutes
it really does wonders if used before your make up applications
do not apply too much!
it just made everything look... even.
perfect for days when you don't want to wear foundation
i didn't really know what to expect
it doesn't last at all
do check out lisa eldridge's tips on how to applying this product before buying it
figured i'd see what this "primer" did
for that reason i don't wear it daily.
try it, i think you'll agree.
didn't feel it was anything special
until i didn't use it
i don't know if it break me out yet
my make up doesn't move at all
i won't use anything else!
i dont know what it does
this does for my face
i just had to write so that if any woman is out there wondering if this balm does what it says it can do the answer is yes
don't walk run to buy this you will love yourself for it
i don't know if it necessarily helps the foundation stay longer
see if it makes a difference
i really do like this product
still not sure what the product instructions mean when they tell you *not* to rub it in
now i can't live without it
i decided to give it a try not really expecting much
i decided to give it a try
i would just like to say this stuff is amazing!
i didn't know the correct way to use it
i learned that you should smooth
it gives you the look of a full night's sleep.
you won't regret it!
alone when i don't want to wear makeup
when you go look at the ingredients
you cannot imagine what in this potion can lift
i would recommend this any day!
don't know how it works in that respect
i would give this 5 stars if not for the scent...
i feel like it does tighten my face
i don't use this everyday
when i do use it
it definitely does what it says it does
like all the other reviewers mention- don't get it in your eyes
but i don't want to use it every day.
it doesn't give you any coverage whatsoever
maybe i'll use it for.
i can't live without it now.
won't make you break out either
couldn't live without it!
no matter how you use it
really didn't think this stuff was for me
it does everything it claims.
if i used this mask for 15-20 minutes i'm glowing so much my boyfriend can even tell without me saying anything
though don't put it on
expect all your imperfections to go away
i never truly noticed this glow until one day i forgot to use it
did not achieve it
it certainly lives up to it's write up.
although i don't use foundation
i think i did see a difference
i obviously can't personallycomment on how it would work under foundation
you need to let it fully dry if using it as a primer
i would never wright a review unless i feel as though i need to
which is exactly what i needed to do for this product
see how i like it
you know what i mean
it works best if you leave it on your skin for at least 1 minute
you have to really use it everyday tho to see the results
i never really got around to using it
i definitely didn't think i could get this kind of result without going to a dermatologist
so you would think that i would love it
i would say it's a good product, just not for me.
i can tell this sample size won't last long.
can't judge how it works on that
the only downside is that if you get any in your eyes it stings pretty bad
do not get it near your eyes as it does sting very badly
if you dont clean your face well
if i used anything else my face goes crazy.
i don't even need to use blotting papers anymore!
get the clarisonic cleanser if you still didn't
this product does what it says
i think if you intend to stick with dr
if you want to stay with a dr
the only thing i would warn other about is watch out for your eyes
the burn does not compare to the way my face feels after use
the job it does on my skin
it seems to do something to your skin that you just can't really explain
also, do not get it in your eyes!
from the 1st time i used it i could tell a difference in my skin
didn't see much of a difference
there is nothing else left to remove
if you give this a try you will never let it go!
but beware, do not get in your eyes!!
i think it's those same ingredients that will give you super clean
i would definitely recommend it!
don't get this anywhere near your eyes
i would also buy this again if those don't work out
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
i know what he meant
you need to keep it away from your eyes
you can not do that with this
yes it does sting the eyes so i am careful
it does get in your eyes
would deffinetly reccomend this product
as the label says, do not get into eyes.
be careful not to get it in your eyes
overall, i say try it!
doesn't leave anything behind
i can already tell a difference!
i hardly ever get whiteheads at all anymore
t is a product line that does what it says
i don't know what you are using
he told me not to buy anything else
i will definitely listen
except for one thing
you have to be very careful not to get it anywhere near your eyes
if you are someone that wants an all in one cleanser
this is not the product for you
i can't say enough about how great this product is
t doesn't take a lot of the product to do its job
i dont know how much it really shrinks my pores
just make sure not to get it in your eyes
you don't even need to see your normal esthetician as much
this stuff will blow your mind
i could hardly see them
i didn't mind it at all
i really do not mind paying for it
don't apply too much though
most importantly it did what it said it would do
i waited to write this review as i was sure if this is going to work for me
i can definitely see the difference
i wouldn't say my pores disappeared or anything.
i don't use it all over my face
if you're on the fence about any of his products
my skin can't live without it.
it's not a miracle product but it does work.
try a sample - i know you won't be disappointed.
you dont need a lot either
i do not think it really can help me tightening my pores
this cream is perfect for anyone who truley is willing to pay to see a difference in their pores
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
it does the trick
hope it works for you.
does everything it claims to do
this cream was exactly what i needed
wouldn't use anything else.
i don't know what you are using
he told me not to buy anything else
i will definitely listen
this cream does not do that to me
b/c of how often it breaks out after i use them
this product does exactly what it says
it does not break me out
does not make me break out
you can still use this product to make your skin look at it's best
i tell them about this product i believe large pores do make you look older
i can actually go without makeup if i choose for the first time in my life
i will make sure i am never without.
it did clean them out
at first didn't want to try it cuz it says "cream" in the name
thought it would make me breakout
not my favorite but does what is promised.
t doesn't mess around--he makes products that simply work
i dont know why it is called pores no more because i dont think it truly does much for pores
it doesn't bother me
why i didn't give it 5 stars
it actually does what it promises
i just can't live without this product!
you just need to be patient because it does not have imediate effects
for what it does to improve my skin it's not bad.
i can't live without it!
it does everything it says it does!
if you find that this product makes u more oily
only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because i don't love the consistency
for what it does
nothing else like it!
you get a lot of product
not only does this not make my skin react
i recommend this to everyone
i needed something asap
i keep it in the fridge to make sure that it is always ready to go
i also like that you don't need to use too much when you are applying it
let me just say this product is amazing.
i do recommend this.
put it on to see if it does anything
i did not have to worry about it leaking
this was something that i could put on my face without an awful
i do not use it on my face
as it does break me out
i dont go in the sun
dont have that use for this product
it's too soon to say anything about if it helps with swelling
ed to that or if it's my skin just being its normal
when i use it on my face it does not cause any breakouts
i could tell i did not have any those kine of irritations
they recommended this stuff
didn't think i would have use for it this summer
it neither irritates or makes me break out
i can't recommend it enough.
use sparingly until you know how much you need!
i didn't peel as much when i used this
i'd give it 10 stars if i could!
i could tell my skin was going to recover
the greeks know what they're doing
this does not make me break out
i absolutely cannot do without this gem in the
it doesn't burn going on
you don't need to use a lot
it absolutely does what it says it's going to do
:) it was exactly what i needed.
now we don't travel to any warm places without it
no matter how much sun screen i put on there always seems to be a spot missed- you need this
i know i'm not going to peel now which is good because i was worried about my skin being a wreck for prom
i would suggest it to anyone.
not only does it make my skin feel instantly better
it does not irritate it
i could not believe my eyes
then i'll probably buy the real thing!
i would recommend this
if your going on vacation this is a product you must have in your bag
it doesn't stay anyway
for an even more refreshing feeling you can leave it in the fridge till you're ready to use it
would definitely recommend to anyone.
i know anyone that tries it will surely agree.
do yourself a favor and order this right now!
let me tell you
i would recommend it to anyone!
it may last me forever
it doesn't irritate me at all
it doesn't bother me at all
eventually you will completely forget about it.
this definitely does the trick
right away you can tell that this is a quality product
the only things i don't care for are the scent
i've tried just about everything
didn't do much for my skin
you won't regret it.
i don't think i'll be switching to anything else anytime soon
they didn't really do anything great for my skin
does the job but not anything special.
that you only need a little to get the job done
i can tell my skin is a lot softer when i use it!
i cannot say enough about this.
this is my "go to" -- please don't ever discontinue this
don't feel like my face will crack if i smile
i probably wouldn't use it in the morning since it doesn't have spf
dont take that negatively
i never fail to come back to this one
i can't recommend this enough.
if you don't like heavy moisturizers it may not be your thing
you do not need a lot
yet does not leave a greasy feel
this does the job
i don't imagine i'd use this in the summer
i definitely would recommend to anybody.
no way would this not make me break out
i wouldn't really want it on my face
can afford to use this as a h
this product is probably not for you
i cannot say enough about this product.
believe it or not
must say i do agree with the excellent reviews
you'll see its got just the right consistency
it doesn't irritate me
however i cannot live without it
dont mistake it for a natural product because its not
if you want to make it last even longer you can put a small dot in your palm
you can cover your whole face with a lot less product
it never makes me break out
i did not like the results
because it does not have spf
don't have to go a day without it
i do think this is the first time i've finished a jar/can/bottle of any beauty product
i love this and will never stop using it.
if you press it into your skin it will not leave you too shiny
this product does not cause break outs
it would not go away
this cream does exactly what it says it does
the other reason i don't use this as a day cream is simply because my makeup doesn't sit well over it
since i use it at bedtime it doesn't bother me that much
i do not have problem skin
does not cause me to break out even though it is super rich
it won't make you look oily while you still have to meet people
the one thing i dont like is that it doesnt have spf
i did not take this home with me because i have too much stuff
what would he do without me?
my only complaint is that when you apply it
wasn't sure if he was going to like it.
because i'm trying to get him to take better care of his skin
asked him to use this instead
my girl much prefers that when i'm not off doing those sorts of things that i smell
i think i use it as much or more than he does
you may not like it much
even if i see no results
those didn't seem to go anywhere :
i just use a little
the best thing ever happen to me.
will recommend it for anyone
you don't need to use a lot of product
does not bother my sensitive eyes
it does not break me out
while everything else does
i am willing to pay the cost cus my complexion looks so much better
i think i will want something lighter for summer
has not made me break out good job dr murad
this does not do that.
as a 35 year old, i couldn't ask for more.
not sure yet if i will buy again
i did see a difference in how my skin felt
don't want to add more shine
i can apply my make-up
it does the job
definitely don't need too much.
this is for you
i must say i really do love it
although it does have that greasy feel when you first put it on
does not leave a heavy feel
it did not make my face shiny
this doesn't break me out
went through my stuff to find anything intense that would stop it immediately
didn't get rid of them
i would definitely recommend it
i think the most important thing about sunscreen is you have to completely love it or you won't wear it
doesn't make me break out
you don't have to use much
what can i say?
you don't need to use much
it doesn't break me out.
at 45 doesn't make me break out
and it doesn't affect my skin at all!!!
if your wondering my skin is combination
i don't think i've ever been sad for long when applying this moisturizer
no matter how much spf i put on
you will never use anything else
we'll see which one wins
i did have to wait a bit longer to put my makeup on
it seems like it doesn't make me break out.
know i'm doing the right thing for my skin
doesn't break me out
honestly i'll prob keep buying it since my skin seems to like it so much
this product is not greasy nor did i breakout
i like how it feels going on.
it is my go to
want something that is light
no stinging or bumps like i get from anything else i've tried
if you're like me
i can never go back to any other product.
not only does it make my skin feel great
i wanted something that was going to actually help brighten
this is everything i've ever wanted in a face wash
i will not use anything else but this cleanser.
you get a lot in the bottle
i appreciate that they don't test on animals
so far i like it
this does the job.
it's great because even if i did have break out it would be gone so quickly that i didn't even need to stress about it
didn't think much of it
i can't say everyone will love it
i wasn't sure i could use this twice a day-
it doesn't lather like you would expect it too
couldn't believe my eyes!
don't use anything else.
i really like how clean my face is
i won't ever use anything else
i will do an update once i run out to let everyone know just how long it last
if anything ask one of the workers for a sample
you barely notice them
not sure why they're in there
just the only reason why i can't give it five stars
just what i needed.
i tried something else
i look way younder too
enough to use for 2wks a little goes a long way
i just want to encourage other women of color if she reads my review
was wondering if it will work on our skin
the answer is yes
only really need this
discontinued it for i don't even know what reason
i would sometimes forget to follow the whole treatment
you definitely get your money's worth product wise
is not really good at night because it wake up your skin so at night you wanna sleep
i always come back to it
still searching for something that won't irrate my skin
f you have healthy normal skin you will love this or even skin that is not sensitive you can use this everyday twice a day
it does exactly what the description says.
i would recommend it to anyone because it's gentle
i could see my skin getting bad again
i don't think of myself as having "sensitive skin"
at 43 i don't think my skin has looked better
very dry this change the way my face look don't need a lot of make up it changed my skin for ever
this is not really for you
really do like it
it does not overdry either
really didn't know what he was missing until he tried this
your skin really does change when you use it.
as i can tell from my bf's skin
this is what she got me
hey men just wanting to help you make a smart move in trying the anthony line
you skin is something you have control of
he is now hooked and can't go without.
t will last awhile
so something in it doesn't work for me even though it's not supposed to break you out
wish i could give it a better chance
which i don't get often
it might feel heavy when you put it on
doesn't break me out
i really needed a do-it-all product
this does everything that i need it to do
will let you know once i have finished the entier jar
does what the description says
i would (and do) recommend this to anyone!
the moment i used a smidge of this on a part of my face to see what it would do
they either seem to do nothing for my dry skin or make me break out
i can honestly say that
you can see it pretty much right away
it doesn't cause any shine either.
absorbs enough so you know it's working
i don't know that i've ever thought a product was the one
nobody can pin point why
i would recommend this
i even think my make-up goes on better.
i won't be buying anything else!
i feel that my makeup doesn't sit well when i use it during the day
'm trying to just use it at night
cannot validate whether or not this does a good job with wrinkles
i would say a quarter of how they would be if i didn't use the cream
i like it so far
you don't need much so it will last a long time.
it will take me forever to get through the jar
i don't know if it is necessarily fighting current signs of aging
thought i would try this too
i hope this stuff never goes away
i usually don't write reviews
not sure how it works on lines
i could actually see the difference
it works wonders if you use as directed!!!
when i can't catch enough sleep
i think i will be trying something new when i'm done
if i don't find anything better
i can't speak to getting rid of fine lines since i didn't really have many
i dont know about wrinkle reduction
i would definitely recommend!
it did the job
i wanted to try something else-- not because it stopped working or anything like that
just because i wanted to try something else
that did absolutely nothing for me
i can wear it whenever and have no issues.
which this does for me
you don't need much at all
this product does everything that it says that it's going to
can't say enough lovely things about it!
i will see- i might go back to dermadoctor- it gives me a better feel
i am not sure it does much for lines
i really do like this stuff
this one did not
nothing i have tried makes them go away.
what's great is u can use it on the top lid as well
i love how you can use it on the lid as well.
it also lasts forever because you don't need to use much
i love that you can put it on the eyelid too.
i always make sure i've got it on.
never let myself run out
because i don't have puffy eyes or fine lines i can't speak for how well it works for those issues
what i can say is it's give decent hydration
i wasnt too sure if i wanted to invest the $50 to try
which i rarely do
figured why not give this one a try
whenever i do it gets in my eyes
i don't know if i have less wrinkles
i do like the product
it does everything promised.
didn't see any difference at all with estee lauder
i could not find anything that was as wonderful as this
the best thing i've tried that consistently doesn't irritate my skin
a little bit is all you need,
it does not give me milia
really don't see a difference
does everything it says it's going to do!
won't buy anything else
but i really like what it's done to my eyes.
when you consider how little you use
i would recommend this to anyone
you look good as soon as you put it on
not sure if its worth the $50
you don't need to use much at all because of how smooth it is
which is what i really needed
you don't need a lot
not sure about the lines
i knew if he tryed it he would
really does seem to reduce my fine lines
do i like it better than my usual all about eyes?
i don't know if this really does what it claims to be doing
something i once thought was impossible
doesn't do much for me
if you use consistently it does what it's supposed to
a $30 eye cream won't do much for you
definitely not as much as i want it to
love this product-- you must try it!
i typically don't want to spend more than $30 on any face cream
hope you listen here or you will miss the mark of a very important eye cream
just not this one
i don't have much problems there
you will love it just as much as i do<3
love how i don't look sleep deprived any longer
read a lot about what is out there
how do we look our best at any age?
i honestly don'y know what helps with that
if you want to fill smoother
i would give it a try
that's never happened to me before.
i don't think i'll ever use anything else.
i wouldn't trust my eyes with any other product.
it does everything all other products claim to do in one little bottle
you can see the results right away
plus doesn't break me out or cause those mila bumps
no matter what i do
if your eyes look tired it can age you.
i can't believe i never tried it before now
which you seem to need to see results
you can't go wrong with either especially if you're sensitive
it does seem to help
i needed to write this one
can not make up my mind yet
but, this does work.
normally i wouldn't pay this much for a beauty product
i can't say enough about this cream!!
i still didn't use the whole product yet
it also did not irritate my eyes
but it does lighten them up.
you don't even need to use a whole pump
flatens lines without bothering eyes like others do
you can really feel it sinking in
i actually had someone tell me that i looked more like a twenty-something-year-old
they couldn't believe my age.
all my friends wants to try this products
it doesn't rid of it completely
this product is everything they say it is.
definitely give this product a try!
you dont need much
i can't live without it.
i don't think anything will truly take them away
he does like the product bc it absorbs right away
i think you'll get the most out of this that way.
a good way to keep people guessing how old you really are
doesn't have anything irritating in it
so you can use it day
you can use it as a normal mask or leave it on all night when your skin really needs it
it always irritates me when people say "i tried this for a week
it didn't do anything
because you have to stick with it
doesn't break me out more.
this mask does exactly what it claims!
it does exactly what is says it does
didn't love it… it didn't seem to do that much other than hydrate my skin
i really think it help me to recover from it.
i don't recommend using it too soon
i wish it did more for my pores.
everything would just sit on top no matter what i did
couldn't wait to get my h
i can't wait to use it again!
i can't recommend it enough!
f you have a sensitive nose this is not for you
this is perfect for when you take a bath or if you just want to treat your self
you can leave it on longer it is so gentile or ive found you can even take it off like 5 min early
if you're on the fence i definitely would recommend it
you can see and feel the difference immediately.
i can't say enough about this mask.
if you want something calming
really would recommend giving this a try.
ladies, you need this in your life!
f anyone surprises you
what i also really like is that you can apply the product under your eyes which you cannot do with a lot of others
gentle enough for anyone to use.
don't expect any kind of life changing results
it doesn't bother me as that's the enzymes doing their job
i don't know why the gel like texture bothers so many reviewers
the 20-30 minutes the directions say to use i don't know why it's such an issue
i find it does exactly what i need without being too harsh like a scrub would be
this is something you should not pass up especially for the great price
the 20 minute leave-on time does make it so that it's not quite ideal when you're on the go
i wanted a mask that is clear
with my sensitive skin it does just what it's supposed to
long enough to do the job
when nothing else seems to perk me up
wear this mask and he'll never know.
i do see the difference
i also love that you can use this under your eye.
just be careful you don't get it too close to your actual eye
because it lets me know that it's working
i like how this product is clear
i usually use this when i feel like my face needs a pick me up
i didn't get the dramatic results some people get
i decided to try this one out
can't wait to get it
it will give you a cool
recommend to all who do
i know that's not a high point for some people
or throwing out what you can't see in a dispenser you can't even see through
as you might think
this is the one product i simply can't live without
i don't know how it works
i don't mind it
i've had people comment on how nice my skin looks every time i've used it
it's a must-have for sure!
i can't say enough good things about this one
doesn't try or strip
its one of the few you are ok if you fall asleep in it
which would make anyone feel good
and its clear, so no one knows you have it on!
you want to get it nice
even though it only says 20 mins or so
this mask wasn't what i expected
be careful not to get it in your eyes
you might want to try this one
it doesn't make me break out
i like that you can use it under your eyes
i don't know how well it's doing at "renewing"
i couldn't believe it
doesn't look greasy if you apply the right amount
i think makes it look younger
this cream has everything you need
i don't expect miracles
i didn't feel the need
this cream is so good, i can not tell you!
i can't live without this product!
i liked this cream because it did not create or irritate breakouts
now i'm wondering if they changed the formula or if i was given something old
purchase it and try it yourself.
you don't need to use a lot!
didn't see much of the results yet
smooth that he couldn't believe my age
this product didn't make me break out at all
you cannot go wrong
you don't need much
i wouldn't use anything else at this point!
think i can already see a difference
omg this is so great when it says rich it is you dont need much
its vey rich you dont need to use a lot from the product
i can't live without it
unfortunately i didn't get any younger
or i should say tells me the truth
i think this product does what it claims.
this product does all that it says it will.
won't be without it.
it just did not feel good
i get confused with what seems like 80
yet you feel like it's treating your fine lines
i don't find it "tightening
" which is what i need
the only negative i can think of is that i wish you got more product for the $$$
i recommend this line to everyone
it has truly diminised the fine lines around my eyes that bother me the most
go into any sephora store and ask to be ptr'd!
and to top it all off, just a dab will do ya.
i honestly don't think i'll use another cream.
which i can't say enough about
i want all the people who said it made them tear to retry this product
decided to give it a try
another ptr product that didn't disappoint!
i do not have puffyness or dark circles
do think the skin around them looks much better
believe me i've tried just about all of them
it doesn't happen with this
i think i'm going to continue using this.
not sure if there is anything you can do about wrinkles when you are 54 except perhaps surgery :
doesn't bother my eyes at all.
the reason i just give 4 of 5 stars is
this does the trick
i am waiting to see if it makes a difference on my fine lines
i do belive it actually helps
instead of buying more i decided to try some ole h
i just love it and can't live without it.
getting compliments all the time that i do not look my age
it does the job
it doesn't seem to do much for my wrinkles
does it make lines
of course not; no eye cream actually does that.
you get twice as much product as you would from other that don't even work
someone once asked me what "secret product" i used :
do not know why i keep trying other br
am not sure if it's good as it claims
can't say how it does under make-up
can't say if i noticed a difference
i can see a real difference
it still works amazing even though i don't use it twice a day
you don't need much either
you don't need much
we all know we're not supposed to cry when you lose him
because you'll destroy your eyes
i can tell you
without a film or greasey feel
you can put it on
i coudln't find anything that worked
what does that mean?
fine lines"i didn't want a cream that created some sort of illusion on my face
i actually wanted the fine lines to disappear
and this one does what it says, i love it.
decided to give it a try
i can't tell what it did for me
doesn't take much, so it lasts a long time.
it seems to help hide them
have also been trying to get more sleep so don't know if that's adding improvement
i love that it does not irritate or bother my eyes
i can't say enough about how wonderful this cream is
'm willing to stick with this product to the bottom of the jar
cannot find anything that compares
i love how you need just a little product to feel the difference in your skin
decided to try something from this line
you don't need a ton.
the reason why i love this is because it doesnt leave a film on my face
it doesn't make me break out.
no matter your skin type
i just dont like the container every time you open it you have to be super careful to make sure you dont spill any
i even use it before i do my make up
don't have a problem with it
not sure it's best for that skin type
decided not to wear anything
a little bit goes a long way so you don't have to use a lot of it on your face
i don't know why people complain about the smell so much
i did so much research
i finally figured out what works for my face right now
don't ever want to be without it
don't let that deter you from trying it
not that there was anything wrong with that
wanted to try something new
doesn't leave any oil behind
i cannot believe how amazing this stuff is.
definitely not the case
it also lasts a long time, you don't need a lot.
definitely won't be switching to another one anytime soon
i wear this at night just because it doesn't have any spf
i hope sephora never gets rid of this product.
so you can wear it under your foundation
did not break me out
this doesn't break me out
it doesn't break me out
this doesn't make me break out or turn red
you get over it
i can't say enough great things about this moisturizer
i decided to use it today because i want to try something for my face
the smell doesn't bother me at all either.
i usually switch to something with an spf anyway
figured i could trust using this
i never quite figured out why
set out on google to see if i could find a solution
t doesn't bother me
it does help my skin
i continue to because it's one of the few products that don't give me breakouts
just make sure you don't get an old batch
probably not good if your skin tends to be at any of the extremes
if your skin just can't make up it's mind
dont get me wrong
i personally don't how it feels going on
it does what it promises
everything you could ever want in an eye cream
was going to forget it when i thought i'd give this a chance
"we just have to know what you use around your eyes
i don't use it around my mouth because i actually don't need to
i'll admit it: i was hesitant to try this eye cream
did i leave anything out?
this product is really for more " mature skin" you'll love it when you get in your 40's
you don't need much
i swear it makes my make up look better
if not the best
know this is one of the reasons why
for under $40 what have you got to lose
i do not use anything tested
not only does philosophy not test on animals
that's no longer happening
i didn't know how much better this cream is until i stopped using it for a while in my quest to find something better
i do not want to use 3 different products on the eye
i cant tell you how many tubes of this cream i have used
i can tell you that i have my next tube waiting
i see the difference when i forget to wear it
my lips look so much fuller when i do remember
i owe it all to this!!
truly i see a huge difference when i don't use it
i know a lot of people say price or certain br
does not make a difference
everyone asks me about my eyes
truly think if i used daily
u don't need a lot.
it does make a difference
the eye cream did not disappoint
can totally notice difference if i run out!
so unless you want to wait like 45 minutes for it to completely soak in you'd be better off putting it on before bed like i do
don't use too much
then lets talk about what it did for my upper lip
well words cant say
there is no other product that does what this majic tube does
so you have to be consistant
this cream is one of the things i can't live without
can't say it does anything for crows feet though.
must say it really does not help with dark circles
you can put your concealor over it
i guess there's no way to prove it?
everytime i try something else
i really don't like hope in a jar
does nothing for me
make sure to pat it on
can't imagine ever giving it up
too afraid to stop using it just in case it is
even if you don't have lines yet you need to start taking care of your skin
how it does indeed diminish fine lines around my eyes
it's the only one i will use
it actually does what it advertises it will!
primer than anything else
have nothing to compare it to
i also don't have crows feet, so i know it works!
this stuff did the trick!
it's a must have for me!
this is what i expect when i use it at night to get a nice skin barrier
i'll probably try something else next time
i don't have anything against this
thats fine with me since i tend to only use it at night
the tube is great too since its easy to put exactly the amount you want to use right on your finger tip
if your on the fence i would definitely say go for it
won't be without it again
i think that says it all.
it just seems wrong to send back an entire tube of something because it doesn't work as expected or promised
can't say enough about this eye cream
i do only wear it at night but i love it.
can't live without this stuff!
i will never use anything else again
i don't not recommend for anyone concerned about acne
this product does exactly what it is supposed to do--clean the skin
thats not what this soap is for
recommend everyone try it
i let it air out when i can
it will last you forever.
i can tell what helps
saying how "obvious" it is i use clinique
seriously, i have tried everything on my face.
i do not use any other product to wash my face with
that's why i only give it 4 stars
this bar will last you forever.
you will not be sorry.
so maybe there's something in this one that doesn't work as well for me
all i can say is wow--you will get the best squeaky clean skin ever
he will not use anything else on his face.
i always try something different
i don't know why i haven't tried this sooner
i don't know why there's a difference
i don't know why the feeling it's not as well as before
i rarely get them
'm not exactly sure which product is helping
it's probablly the best soap you could really get
i like it a lot because it get the make up off
the only complaint is that i don't like the new
so many people comment on how nice my skin is
i think i will always use it
decided to give it another try
i don't know what prompted me to try out the extra mild soap version
it's not even half done
thats why i gave it 4 stars instead of five
i can guess it will last forever
doesn't try out my face
even when i go for facials they ask me what i use to clean my face because my face is so clean
almost everyone i see online always talk about oily skin
i wish that it was tear-free
you can use it long time
let us not forget the redness
i don't know how i ever got along without this product
i must like it, no?
i decided to try it
i like it so much
i every time i try something different
i don't have the best skin
the only thing i have a question about this product is: why do they say it is for normal to dry skin?
asked why it wasnt working
i cant say enough about how great this product has been on my skin
i will recommend to everyone!
does not make me break out.
it doesn't make him break out at all
maybe it is just a matter of time
check it out for yourself
if you like clinique you will definitely like this
this is why i don't give 5 stars
decided to give it a try
i decided to do some research
how long to let it set
it does what it says.
i am not sure if it is the best eye cream
i don't think i have issues with the skin around my eyes
i really didn't think all that much of it
this is the only clinique product that i can say is worth anything
i would recommend trying a little sample from the store to see if it works for you
my mom always said that if i continued to scowl my face would stay like that
i love it and recommend it often to other people
there is nothing like it
not only does it do what it says it will
i must really like it.
i appreciate what it does do as i feel it does it well
when i didn't get that result
im not sure on how effective it is on erasing fine lines as i do not have any yet
i wouldn't be without it
the only thing i would change about it
this product does the trick.
i like it better than anything else i've tried.
my eyes do not look old
i don't think it claims to
who wouldn't like to hear that at 53!
if you apply too much
if i go very light on days when i do want to wear mascara
i can't keep my husb
will need more time to see what it does for wrinkles
you don't need a lot to cover the eye area
i can tell a difference
not sure, but maybe!
they'd gone away so gradually i didnt even realize it
don't really need this stuff yet
f you're biggest complaint is dark circles maybe try something else
s either unless you actually get it in your eyes
the only thing i don't like about it is the container it comes in
i don't know about the wrinkle thing
the only thing i don't like about it is that it is not so creamy
i couldn't have asked for a better product!
figured i might need something a little more heavy duty
this one does all the things it says
does what its suppose to
i know that i wont have an allergic reaction
won't use anything else
nothing works like this does
the only thing i don't like is the price.
i like this product it does firm up the skin around your eyes if you need an extra "lift"
all about eyes just wasn't cutting it anymore
i don't have much to compare this cream too.
i dont usually like or use clinique
i wish i tried this sooner.
i can't imagine doing that after a toner
who always complains that he can't find a good facial routine
because he does not want to run out
whenever i get to using it again
he hated breakouts of any kind
so he didn't wanna put anything on his skin after cleansing
it does burn a little when you put it on
all guys should have this stuff
he asked me to buy this
all i can add is if it ain't broke don't fix it!
you need to read not only what the product actually is
saves me so much $ on makeup because i don't need to conceal or cover up anything
it does not bother my skin.
you don't need much product to get the job done
it does just as much of a crazy cleaning on them too
if i could afford it
like no word of a lie.
not one darn trace that is all :o)
i mean you can't go wrong
this stuff does neither.
you really need very little product to get results
i don't know why they discontinued it
takes it off so easily and not overdrying.
if you feel like it doesn't do the job leave it on for a bit while you wash your hair or something
if you put the right amount in your h
i can tell how good of a job it does at that because after i use the clinique cleanser
dont know if ill re purchase
i don't ever want to be without this!
dont know how it does on removal
would definitely recommend to everyone else!
this one did not disappoint
if you don't have time
i decided to use this
i live it so much.
it does what it says it does
as they get dryer than anything else
no matter what i tried i always came back to this face wash
you won't regret using this product.
i wouldn't change a single thing
try it, you will not be sorry.
if you did not use this
all it means is that i can't skip on the mousturizer while using this
just don't get it in your eyes
couldn't find anything better
wouldn't want to be without it.
couldn't believe the difference doing that one extra thing in my nightly skin routine
recommend it to anyone wanting to add that extra clean feeling
tried something else, not as good cleaning power.
i found no need to do that.
which i am sure isn't good for your skin
this does not make my skin react
she convinced me to try it out
i can't recommend this highly enough!
it's actually one of the only things my super sensitive skin will let me use
i'll never use anything else again.
for the price point you're getting a lot for your buck
i totally recommend giving it a try
it does the job
i give it an a.
100% recommend you wont be disappointed!
however if you accidentally use too much
why do i keep doing that?
with my wedding looming around the corner i found myself asking "what should i do
this product doesn't go to far removing them
did not do enough to reduce the appearance of my fine lines
i don't struggle with dark circles unless i've had a long night or don't get much sleep
you probably won't even notice
i didn't think this product would do much for me because i thought my dark circles were genetic
what it does for you
while this definitely doesn't completely diminish them
it doesn't bother my eyes even when i have contacts in
it makes me look like i got about 7
you do not need a lot of this stuff at all.
i wish i could find something that would get rid of my dark circles instead of just brightening them a bit
this takes care of them
she didn't want this
i don't even know where i got the idea of starting to use eye cream at such a young age
i didn't really believe it was this cream though
i decided to try this again.
definitely recommend trying this!
i always come back to this eye cream no matter what other eye cream i try
don't know if it works for them
this is mostly because i usually can't tell a difference from product to product no matter the price tag
did not like how it felt
how little i need to use to get the job done
i've come to the conclusion such a one hit wonder does not exist
can't live without it.
this does the trick
this product does just that
it doesn't do anything for dark circles
you don't need a lot.
get this, you won't regret it.
it does not do anything to under eye bags
does not make eye make up run
this does not cause any problems at all
you can't go wrong with this
you pat this on
i don't think i'll stop anytime soon
i think it really works if you are in your twenties
you know it's going to get the job done
it depuffs just like it promise
the price doesn't bother me because i would basically sell my soul when it comes to skin care
i always shake my had at the reviews that say they don't see a difference
i don't think they are going away unless you take more drastic measures like botox
it doesn't look dry anymore since i started using this
why hide it when you can get rid?
i don't know what fragrance is in here
i think i put too much on
know for sure that it works for me
does not irritate my eyes
i can't speak on behalf to the other things this product claims to do
it stays where you put it and doesn't migrate.
i don't leave reviews much unless i think a product is really exceptional
s before use so you don't get it all gross
i've tried other eye creams just to see what else is out there
don't know why i waited so long to get this
doesn't break me out
i'll never use anything else!
as you don't need much with each application
and, it does everything it promises.
i honestly did not expect it to work
i didn't expect miracles
i didn't get miracle
it is so smooth, i can't believe it.
she didn't even believe it was my eyes
however i never expect that to happen with any cream i use
it just does not seem possible.
also it does not irritate my eyes.
i would say it does a pretty good job
aren't really worried about wrinkles i'd say try it out
this is not what you wanna buy
i m going to assume that is impossible unless proven otherwise
no matter how much sleep i get
after first time trying it he wont refuse it
pointed out that he doesn't like how it leaks
the guy just won't/doesn't know want to buy
let me buy him one i thought he'd like
now he asks me to get him more when he runs out
all guys should try it!
i get this for my husb
he doesn't wear anything on his face because he has really sensitive skin
i want to use it and just might!
he did not use any of them
just not the one he prefers
does work as it says it does
gotta give you props
he hated breakouts of any kind
doesn’t want to make the change to this gel
he won’t use anything else - ever again.
have yet to find him a product he'll use daily
figured i'd splurge for him a little
i also think that eventhough you can probably find something cheaper
he can't go a day without this product
let me tell you
that’s when i realized what i had done in buying the wrong type of moisturizer for my husb
would recommend to everyone i know.
it is the only product he'll use
the product does what it says it is supposed to do
i totally recommend for starters or for anyone!
it doesn't feel like anything is on your skin
i wasn't sure what to expect with this one.
i don't have much to complain about
until i find something i like more
i like using it
it gets dried out really quick idk how to feel about it real let down
i don't have the money or the time to get a new one
i always come back to it
add to my t zone area or not give me enough
if you are skeptical, you need it!
doesn't do anything to minimize the oil
i couldn't figure out what was going on until i went
won't break me out
sometimes i even skip the primer step
the only thing that i really don't like about this is that it has no spf
i feel like i have tried them all
not really any smell either which i think is great
just decided to go for it from all the reviews i read
doesn't break me out.
this doesn't break me out at all
don't have a sephora near me
i did like both however i am very weird about my face feeling like there is anything on it once it is cleaned before i go to bed
it didn't make me break out
they weren't kidding when they said dramatically different because that's how my face feels
little did i know i would love the finish it gave on my skin
this doesn't give any issues
finally decided to see what i could do about my oily skin
i do like that since it's not running all over
want something that won't make it worse
it didn't break me out too.
i can't get enough
i can't tell you any other affects as i have yet to see them
does not make you break out
i usually do that anyway
it does what it claims to do!
all i can say is get it!
it did not cause me any breakouts
i just wish it was a little more hydrating or else it would be perfect
you get the biggest bang for your buck with this product too
does what it needs too!
i like how light
it did not make me oily like other reviewers mentioned
i don't need it all the time.
$62 for as much as you get in this pot isn't enough
i would recommend something else
not sure what it's sappouse to do for my face it
at first i was skeptical that it would do anything
i don't know what it is
i recommend it to everyone
while i would recommend it i probably won't add it to my collection because it didn't do anything my other products don't already do
don't know why that's surprising so many people
10 minutes if you want to
afterward i asked him if he felt prettier.
it certain does help it hydrate i honestly could use this every single night
i also like that this is something you can use on a time crunch if you don't have 30 minutes to an hour to leave a mask on
at first i thought it didn't do anything
sad i didn't try this sooner in the summer!
was worried when i got it that it might irritate my skin
it didn't at all
this did the job for me!
only thing you should be careful about is not spilling it everywhere
it's the only mask i know i can count on.
i think it's worth the price because i simply have not found anything better
i cannot believe this
let me tell you.... it was worth it.
the only thing i would say though is that is does have a scent
so much so that i didn't feel the need to apply the moisturizer
i didn't give it 5 stars because there are no immediate results that are like "wow
i really can tell a difference!"
it'll also last so long because you really don't need that much product
get it and your skin will thank you!
i love how it's gentle enough to use whenever you want
i used my point perks to try it out.
i love that it needs only 10 minutes to work in case i need a quick fix
you can tell this is made of real roses.
although i don't really see much of a difference with my acne
not thing much but just right.
you don't need a whole lot to cover your entire face
i also don't find that it gives me any breakouts either
don't let the fact that it's a bit different from other face masks discourage you from trying this
if i could give this infinity stars i totally would
it is all i need
i really do not think you'll be disappointed with this one
don't feel bad about buying this because i also use less makeup when my skin is happy
when i had it on it didn't feel like there was a mask
try it and you'll love it.
can't go wrong with that.
it also doesn't seem to break me out
i don't really have a negative thing to say about it
i can honestly say this product has change my face completely
not only does my face look more clear
neck so you definitely get your money's worth
doesn't break me out
this product does not
you don't need to use much at a time
she wants to add some protection on days when she's in
i will never use anything else.
i love that you don't need a lot to get great results
although i do really like absolu also
i don't know what is in this product
i would recommend this product to everyone.
i rarely get breakouts anymore
i don't have to wait to put my foundation on
im actually using it right now
maybe i just didn't use it long enough.
no need to put on a lot, a little does the trick.
this face doesn't go out of the house without it!
i would t recommend this if you have dry skin.
one other thing i love is how much of the product you get for the price
well let me tell you what.
so maybe just maybe we'll be sharing this
i don't think he likes it enough to buy it himself
i don't know if i'll it purchase again
i wasn't aware until i received it that you couldn't put it on after shaving
i wasn't really sure he would even use it
basically if you're trying to get your man to use moisturizer
hates to go without it
im not going to lie his skin is alomost looking healthier than mine
it does what it says!
at first he didn't want to take the time to use it
i dont like to use it more than once a day.
this product does exactly what is says
you don't need to use a lot of product either
so i use it everywhere else except for my eyes.
just because it's hard to take everything all at once
you just grab it with your h
no need to go again
don't think about it, just buy it.
you dont need much to take off your makeup
this seriously does the job.
you do get a lot of product for your money
just what we want to happen!
i feel like i got rid of all my bad decisions in life
you don't need a lot of product so while it seems expensive
i usually use it the first thing when i get home.
'm not sure what those people are talking about
just can't seem to love them
not to mention, they always bother my eyes.
let me tell you with my sensitive skin this is bomb
i don't use this everyday
at least that's how i use it
doesn't break me out
you don't need a lot with each use
i do like it a lot !
i mean i had to try it for myself i ordered it online
i didn't have to use any with this product
let me tell you
i do really like this
i did not at all
everything else i use
breaks down my makeup cant wait to repurchace again
this did not break me out
the only thing that knocks off a star for this review is the fact that if it does get in your eyes
it doesn't irritate it
i love how it'll take of my make-up
love this product can't be without it!!
then again that's me wanting to make sure that everything is gone before i wash my face
i don't normally write reviews
i cannot be without this.
let me tell you- this thing blew my mind.
i think that everyone should buy this!
couldn't wait to rush out
if you follow the directions
it doesn't break me out
your face shouldn't feel greasy afterward if you've done it right
did i mention it won't break you out?
this is my go to!
you get so much product for what you're paying.
it'll come off without issues
my skin does not react to this at all
i would recommend testing out a small spot to make sure it it's okay
i decided to give this one a shot anyways
it doesn't break me out
you only need a little.
no this is not the right way
i did not know how this was going to work on my oily skin
however, it is and does everything it promises.
trust me when i say this is the best makeup remover you will ever use
this works for any skin type and i mean that!
n my opinion you really do get your money's worth
if anything, my skin looks better.
this does exactly what it says it will do.
it does not burn your eyes or leave a weird film
i won't stray anytime soon
or by itself if my face is mad at me
wont fully melt like it
you need to be a little generous when you use it
you need just a little
though it worked out great for me i wanted to try something that didn't require as much pulling on my face
can't imagine being without it
i can actually tell the difference since using this stuff
i think eye cream is one of those things where you just have to find something with good ingredients
however the only complaint was that it does irritate your eyes if you put it too close
for once a product did exactly what it promised to do
this is the only product that i have tried that does not irritate my eyes
be careful to not to get it in your eye
unfortunately there is something wrong with the packaging
i just wanted to give this a try
can't imagine finding something i like more!
i can't believe it.
you gotta try this.
i can't imagine finding anything better to replace it
who cares *why* it works: it just does
i can go out looking like a normal person
this stuff doesn't hurt my eyes when i sweat like many other spfs do
can't wait till my order comes in.
nothing would make it go away
it does not sting
on the days i don't use this murad eye cream people ask if i'm tired
do not apply it close to your eyes
it doesn't do anything to my fine lines.
even if i do it gently
t's really hard to tell what it really does
the only thing i can say is that once i accidentally put on too much
i can always tell the difference if i stray with a different sample cream
i don't look 20 years younger yet
i also know that
when i was told to try the murad antiaging cream i thougt oh well if i don't like it i can return it
renewing it's supposed to do
at $67 a bottle it really doesn't fit in my budget
if you use too much it will irritate your eyes
don't know if that will ever happen
can't really comment on whether this helps with wrinkles
that is exactly what i want in an eye cream
all you need is a drop
it really does what it claims to do
dont like to be without it now.
skin it does not bother them
do be careful about getting it in your eyes
you only need a little bit, not a full pump.
try not to put too lose to your eyes as it does sting a little if you get into your eye
it has everything you could ask for in a day eye cream
you should really give this a try
i decided to go for it
it didn't affect this at all
was really surprised that this cream didn't irritate my eyes at all
i do like this product
but i now know it isn't.
it does what it says it's suppose to do
❤️❤️❤️ must try if you haven't.
i dont think i will count on this to remove my makeup
don't know if i would recommend this product
this is my go to
t does not leave a dry
i don't expect it to
i just wanna say
i don't get why they changed the bottle
i can't see when it runs out
i wish they didn't mess up a good thing.
i didn't think much of it
it won't stop me from continuing to use the product
not with this stuff
it does what it says
you don't need a lot of product to do the trick
try it, you'll love it!
don't quote me on that
if you can afford it you won't be disappointed
what's even better is that you can use just one pump of product for your whole face
if you don't apply enough
you guys can't not imagine how i love this cleanser
i would recommend it.
i can't wait to try the rest of the line!
this product does not irritate it at all
can't go without it.
i really didn't know it was as natural
wont be purchasing this anymore
it doesn't do a great job on eye make-up though
my skin doesn't like it anymore
some may think that it's nothing special
however ne bad thing about the product is they forget the give me the cap for this
it still does the same thing for my skin
i would definitely recommend!
if you're like me
does not dry you out!
you dont have to shake the bottle
however i cant recommend using this to remove make up as its quite gentle
i never had problem i don't like small
one pump does the trick for me.
read what you are putting on your face people
love how it doesn't sting my eyes if a bit gets in
i noticed a lot of other reviews say that it doesn't take off make up
it does not do a very good job in taking off makeup
it does have a fragrance but i don't mind it.
nor did it make my skin any worse
i can not live without is this
everything seems to break the bank if it is any good
i don't know what i would do without this program
s first to get it going
because i don't suffer badly from acne anymore like i did in my teen years
i would recommend this to anyone, i love it!
it actually doesn't break me out
would give it 6 stars if i could!
does exactly what i need it to do which is clean my face without stripping it
what do you know
it didn't get rid of my cake
it also doesn't leave a film either.
does what it says!
i always get bad break outs when i change products
how does that make sense?
couldn't figure out why
i think i am going to purchase the mild face wash to see if that works better
i would recommend this!
get it, and you won't regret it.
didn't want something designed for "dry" skin only
there's not going to be one that works for everyone--
this was gentle enough on my face that it didnt bother it
can do wonders for the skin
if you let the pump sit in the shower
i figured i wouldn't go wrong getting both
many might consider it residue, but i don't.
i don't know other products that do the same for the same price
it doesn't break me out at all either.
this doesn't break me out at all.
what more could you ask for.
maybe the sun had something to do with it
it never ceases to give me flawless
i would recommend to anyone!
i cant get enough of this cleanser
it feel so fresh when you use it
it does not do anything special
this does not bother me
decided i didnt want to put my face throught all those chemicals anymore
i never want to run out!
it does what it wants!
every time i try a sample of something else
i think there's a reason why i keep coming back to it
take the time to figure out what your type is
it does what i want it to, at a decent price.
this product did not help
does not overdry my skin
i still don't like it in the winter
i would definitely recommend it
i think it has something to do with the product not having any scent
even though you know your face is clean it just does not seem that way
so yeah you can be sure it will remove every bit of makeup off your face
i break out if you look at me wrong.
now you can hardly tell
this does not make me oily at all
i don't prefer this as my main primer.
this product does what it says
no matter what she uses
hey guys give this a try.
it definitely didn't get rid of all of them
they either don't help with minimizing the appearance of my pores or they don't go on even
i tried to like it
anyway, pores no more does a great job so far.
can not say enough good things about it
the moment you put it on you skin
wanted something that'd mattify my face a bit more
it does not do any harm to add extra on problem areas
this is how i put mine on:
can't imagine anything being better than this
i know it can most anyone
do not leave product open
grab yourself a sample next time you see it
this does the job.
you can feel the primer power as you apply the foundation
this pore minimizing primer does exactly what it's supposed to
i don't usually leave comments
while i don't suffer from crazy big pores i like minimizing them anyway however i fell for this primer more because of what it does for my fine lines
no matter what primer/setting product i've tried
a little does go a long way
i find that you have to shake it first so that it comes out nice
i don't need to use anything else through the day to look like i just had my make up done
you don't need a foundation
i swear for nothing
if you can't st
can't live without this primer.
let me tell you that's impressive for my skin
i even like how my skin looks with just this stuff on :
i cant say enough things about it
grab one for yourself!
i do like it, but not enough for the price.
i don't have to with this
you can literally feel it working right away.
i can't personally speak to it's claims about pores
i wouldn't call this a 'holy grail' product or anything like that
i would consider trying another primer
my advice is to give it a try — the beauty of sephora is you can always return it
switch to another if it fails you
it doesn't break me out
this product does all that it promises
a product that does what it says!!!
that's just not going to happen
i wish you could get more for the price
it doesn't make me breakout
you don't have to use a lot to get results.
can't love without it ❤️
even if you want a fresher "no makeup" look
it wasn't making anything worse
i did my normal "just how i thought-awful" mirror check
i can't even say if my highlighter had made it through because i was distracted my how great my skin looked
i tolerate it for the results i get when i use it
i can tell the difference when i don't use it
if it's not working yet for you give it time!!
this one does not
this does not break me out
i think people need to give it time to work like any new product
i'd like to preface this review with saying that i have actually tried everything out there for oily/combination
every time i try to switch over to something else my skin gets irritated
never makes me break out
i need things that truly help my skin
if you are reading reviews to look for an excuse not to spend that c$94 on a moisture
then you are good to apply anything on top
you have to try this one
you will not be disappointed
i don't think this product would really benefit people with dry skin
it just doesn't justify spending like $100
this does the trick
i rarely break out, if ever anymore.
so give it a try
it doesn't have a cap
so that's why i'm willing to pay as i have sensitive skin
this is not enough
doesn't make me break out either which is a great plus
i don't actually know if it does a good good moisturizing by itself
you really don't need to use more than 1-2 pumps of the product to cover your face
t really does last for a while
rarely do you find a lotion that truly does what it promises
what else can you ask for?
they just don't compare
decided to try this product
i do not think you can go wrong with any of dr
i just love this product so much that i need to recommend it
not that i dont wash my face
it does what it suppose to do
i can't imagine ever being without this product again
this product definitely does not
i wouldn't say it "clears it up" like the description says
i want the entire line!
i wanted to find something that was not going to leave my skin dry
i can really see the difference when i wake up.
it doesn't cause me to break out
don't know how well it'd work for people with dryer skin type
does that really exist?
definitely does what it says it does
now wouldn't use any other
i can't say enough about this product.
unfortunately i can't afford it since i was going through about a tube a month
if you can afford it
couldn't ask for more
i can definitely say that it doesn't dry out my skin or break me out
i can see alot of makeup still left over
i didn't feel like that was getting all my makeup off
i can see what the other reviewers mean when they say it levels a greasy film
i happen to like it.
i couldn't use anything else
it doesn't irritate any part of my face
she will even go on r
this product does the trick
it doesn't bother me
this doesn't keep me away
this is not for you
i do not have any issues
not bad if the only negative thing i can think of to complain about is that
i would definitely recommend this product.
this seems to be the only thing that can give me the hydration i want
don't make the same mistake i did!
it does not irritate your eyes at all!
the ones i tried didn't really work that well
thought i give this a try
it actually does what it says
wouldn't use anything else!
don't bother trying another br
when my skin doesn't like something
it does what it says if you can get past the smell
if you could afford this gem stick to it
don't recommend to use it if you plan to wear makeup it will move it around
can't wait to see what else it will do!
it does everything it says it will and more.
i would recommend this to anyone and everyone!
i won't question it
i can't say whether it does much in the way of improving the appearance of fine lines as i don't really have any just yet
still can't find anything that could give me the same fascinating effect that i got first using this products
i love that i don't have to think about where i'm putting it
i don't mind going out sans foundation if need be
feel free to check it out if you want to see this stuff in action
you get what you pay for i hope it lasts me a while
people at work keep telling me how "refreshed" i look
i can't wait to see what i look like after a few months of using this product
then they make akward comments about how i look good
or really maybe specifically my overuse of it
someone at sephora helped me find this
i just didn't want to continue to use it
i can't believe it
if this is what happens just using this serum one night
i can't wait to see how my face looks like after i get the overnight facial
it did not disappoint
i do not give it the credit it deserves
it goes away so whatever
went out to buy the real thing asap bc this product is just the best
does not make my face feel greasy like some moisterizers do
i am inclined to try something different since i don't see any major improvements on my face
all you need is a drop for your entire face
it does feel a little tacky when you first apply it
i can't say enough good things about this product
was a little afraid that this would break me out
do not like it for a complete face application
i would recommend trying this product.
i can go without makeup if i want to now.
i like that i can use under my eyes
the only thing i don't like is the lid never stay firm with the bottle
if you want that dewy glow then you must give this a try
i cannot say enough good things.
it also doesn't break me out.
i don't use it everyday
i like using it
i don't have many lines
i didn't think my bottle would last a long time
i don't need a lot of this
does just what it says
can't attest to whether or not it will brighten my skin
i don't have any fine lines yet
can't say if it helps those
you must try it
you'll totally know what i mean
i do think it makes my skin brighter when i use it
i don't know whether it diminished fine lines though
i highly recommend you try it.
this is one of the products i can't do without
the directions says you can wear it along
if i don't use it every night
okay when i first got this i did not see what the big deal was
wasn't sure if i really noticed a difference or not
i don't have to wear makeup if i don't feel like it because this has made my skin look that good
it also does what it sets out to do
it makes me want to look at the mirror every day
not see a tired person
i must say though it evens out your skin tone enough that you could use as primer
i can tell a difference
it honestly wasn't high on my list of products to try
doesn't irritate me or break me out
this is amazing, and i don't say that lightly.
it does take a little while to see results (i.e.
which i don't care for
that might not agree with everyone
don't want them to get worse
can't live without it
love it wont change my routine!
nothing could save my skin except this stuff
not even in the t zone
it didn't make me break out
i do encourage you to use a primer with it
decided to give it a try
we got what we wanted
hesitated to try something new when what i was using works
does not feel like it's laying on top of your skin
just what i needed.
this one is great if you don't want to spend the extra money
if you don't mind the price
it does not cause me to break out
i don't know if i'll want to use this in the summer months
does not have a heavy
the bb's did not always match
how can you go wrong?
still, i like it.
really does help those fine lines
i didn't even need a primer.
you have to try this.
i will never use anything else again.
there's no reason to try anything else.
my only issue with it was that it didn't feel "soothing" when i put it on
doesn't make me break out
just to try out something new
doesn't make me break out
i can't live without it.love it!!!!!
don't mind it so much
i do wish it came with a little spoon or osmething
does not make my face red
i wish it would do more to make it softer
maybe that will never happen
normally i don't even bother writing reviews
it doesn't bother me
it doesn't bother me too much because i can use a mask
i swear that they are going to disappear soon
i needed something that would work
does help clear up
if you're willing to spend the money
giving me the results i want
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone
'm not sure what it is about this formula that's so different
this doesn't bother it at all
i dont know what i would do without the all over blemish solution
there is something about this product that works like nothing else out there
i still cringe every time i go to buy a tube
whenever i don't have it i am guaranteed to have a zit appear
i am just not sure i would splurge the $80+ for the full tube
i can't state this enough!
please give this item a try if your skin is gross
i don't care: this product really work
you don't have to use a lot
still dont get how it does it
needed something that would work in a hurry
who says you can't have belimishes at 43.
this didn't break me out
i can not believe that i found a product that works for me
dont let that turn you off to the product though
was desperate to try anything
now i won't go without this line of products!
not only does this stuff work
haven't seen anything like it
if you can afford it go for it
i can definitely see the difference whenever i wear this
am sure it doesn't react with any of my other face products before i invest in it
i honestly couldn't live without it.
i probably don't need to
i just can't spend this much on a moisturizer which actually makes me want to cry
you get what you pay for
because frankly you'll be paying way to much when you should just be using primordiale
if you are 50+
hate to be without it
i don't know about the price though.
i can't wait to see what happens after a month or so
t can't be much more expensive to do
wish they would get on the b
lives up to every claim so you decide if it is worth it
that really does all that it claims
you absolutely get what you pay for.
great if you really want to zap those lines
it doesn't take much product to cover the face
if others notice its working specailly if you've told no one of the changes in your routine that is awsome
if you don't have dry skin i wouldn't recommend this product
i can't say no to this
believe me i've tried them all
they know what they are doing.
you can see and feel the difference.
as you only need a little bit
you do not need a lot of product
will get back if anything
this product will do it all
people ask me what i use on my skin
can speak only good things for every product
does it do what it advertises it should do only a little more time will tell
i couldn't live without it
my face would itch no matter what i used on it
never sure when i look in the mirror if any skin product i use is making a difference
i can't say i look any younger
i recommend this product to anyone who is sick of spending money on eye creams that don't deliver on their promises
this one doesn't over promise
it does deliver what it promises
try this you will not be disappointed.
it does what it claims
absolue does not irritate me
not sure what difference that really makes to the actual product
it works like nothing else i have ever tried before
i simply cannot live without this in my life
i wouldn't be without it.
people always ask what i use for my skin.
if you put on too much
it is amazing what the simplest things can do somethimes for your skin
wonder if that's the reason why so many people gave it low reviews ?
i need stuff that is simple
not sure why this is getting bad reviews
so, i don't have any comparisons.
you don't need a whole lot
i can't believe there's anything better
ok so this product will take off your make up
however do not use near eyes it will burn them alot like other reviews mention lol
i won't be using it around my eyes
i wish it didn't sting
do not do this
if i can't find one i like
i found that it doesn't remove everything
i wouldn't steer you wrong
this will remove all of your make up so that you do not get all the buildup
you don't need that much
i wouldn't use anything other than a clinique product on my face
my skin does look a lot better where i am able to use it
i can let it sit on my skin without worrying about breakouts
the only thing about it is that it still sting a little if it gets in your eyes
someone asked what i used to have such a great glow
i would definitely recommend this product!
i like it too because you don't have to use alot!
i dont use it anywhere
it does exactly as it says it does though
did not remove all of my make-up
not really off your eyes
don't smell it on myself for more than a minute
can't get over how often he is now called my dad
so will you when you feel how soft your face
literally every other product that i try breaks me out
every time i try something different i always come back to this product
it doesn't make me break out
one of the things that i dislike about other bottled shiseido moisturizer is that you can't tell how much product is left
so don't think this product is somehow doing double-duty
i mean that in a good way
they do it right
i really can't speak on the wrinkle-resist part as i've only used it for the last 2 wks
i don't usually pay this much for cream
i already can't live without it
also helps stimulate your skin so that you can see the difference
what else can i say?love it
can't comment too much about that
i don't have a problem with that anymore
even though she is 58 she doesn't look a day over 45
after applying it i have to make a conscious effort not to touch my face because i just love the way it makes my skin feel
this moisturizer does not require much product to do its job
i don't know what it is about this lotion
it did not work out for my skin at all
i wanted to get this because i needed a good night cream
and u don't need much to cover your face.
i can tell my skin is looking better
love this stuff i like the smell i know some people don't like it
doesn't make me too greasy or anything
i never thought to try it
don't expect any changes
never really finding one that i like enough to buy again
it doesn't make me break out
f you don't like scents you may not want to use this cream
the great thing about sephora though is that you can return products if they don't work for you
if you don't like the way it feels on your skin
or if you break out a bit
she asked "what are you doing to your skin?
can't pinpoint if this made the change
i sometimes cheat to try to save money
i really don't think i can finish this in less than 6 months
i buy it just because it makes you feel pretty
so you don't use too much
how do i know?
the few people that i do reveal my true age
just do not believe me
i think the product is really doing what it says it does
it doesn't do a whole lot for wrinkles
i think i have them all
didn't need to use very much
this does not irritate
this products did not break me out
i will get it again
i think my skin would probably wither up
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
this was a pleasant surprise although i don't know why i didn't just try it first
nothing seems to give me the coverage
this will really help you
if not, stay away.
you'll be happy with this
sometimes you do get what you pay for.
hopefully it is doing what it's supposed to do in regards to age-prevention
you can not go wrong using any of the products by shiseido
i don't even feel the need to
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
i love how this makes my skin feel so much that sometimes i cheat
won't apply it in my t-zone
works, doesn't break you out.
i didn't know what to make of it.
doesn't make me break out
if you really want to get rid of wrinkles
don't expect it to completely get rid of it
you don't have to use much
give it some time and it will amaze you!
now i cant tell you that it worked wonders on my skin
guess you could call it preventative maintenance
it never lets me down
believe me i know what dry skin is
cannot believe how much better my skin looks
i don't know what this stuff does
i can't live without this stuff!
if you do get breakouts usually
to be honest i'm not sure what exactly it does or if it's any better than anything else out there
i dont see the difference between this product
she won't use anything else
that made me afraid it would make my dry
can't say enough about how worth it this product is
my new go to, do it all eye cream.
i won't venture out into anymore eye creams cause i will stick with what i know works best
but i'm not ready to do that yet.
i don't normally write reviews
i love this enough that i felt i should let others know how great it is
i love that they give you step by step how to put it on
i don't know if it's doing anything for my tiny wrinkles
probably don't want to use too much too
i can't explain it but it amazing!
i will continue to do so
doesn't go well under make up
not sure if its doing anything else though.
even as a night cream it does wonders
likes to borrow it when he hasn't gotten enough sleep
the catch is it doesn't absorb very well which is ok for night
a little does go a long way.
i don't think they were kidding when they wrote this one as intense hydrating
i would be surprised if it doesn't hydrate
something to keep in mind
i didn't mind it at all
i couldn't tell a difference right away
it magically makes them better
i couldn't believe it!
i decided to try this out when i began to get what i think we're stress/tired wrinkles under my eyes
i would recommend it
you definitely will not have any regrets
i guess that is all i can ask for at age 31
really does what it says and it's not over $100!
the only problem is though that it does not really deliver on blackness
i didn't notice any difference for the wrinkles because i don't really have any
i dont see any other benefits
i try this, i try that.
i can still see it's dewiness in the am
while i don't think this does anything for tightening
if you don't have dry under eye i don't think you'll like this one
i can't live without this
i must say i like it
i finally found a product that does what it says it will
that's something i can deal with if it works this well
whenever else it's necessary -- meaning this little pot goes a long way
how did i live without this product?!
it really makes a difference on your crows feet you'll be saying
i didn't see any huge different until i stopped using it
is not easy to see a before
i truly miss it when i don't have it.
i really wanted to find something that would really deal with my under eye wrinkles
never seen something work like this!
i can see a difference immediately.
i find that if you apply just the right amount of product
i'll never use anything else!
for me, i don't have this problem.
you wouldn't want to make them a staple in your regimen
i don't think it looks oily or anything
they truly give you a bang for your buck.
doesn't irritate it at all
decided to give it a try
i didn't have to go anywhere
i don't know what i'd do without these!
i need to "refrsh" my face
just don't want to go through my routine
almost nothing can remove it
if you use them only when you're too tired to take your makeup off
i sometimes use it alone before i go to bed if i'm super tired
i don't wear make-up often
i won't switch to these.
also great if you simply want to freshen up.
i would never use the same thing to clean
i would recomend this proiduct to anyone!
only thing that is a bit annoying is that the sheets tend to stick together when you try to take them out of the package
i take them with me to work
i can't imagine them being any softer
i always buy a couple at a time because i do not want to find myself out of them
i would definitely recommend them.
it sure does remove the make up too
as i do not use this product every day
almost didn't get because i read one of the reviews how it dries easily
i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 bc it doesn't totally remove eye make-up
i don't wear alot of face make-up
if i did i'm not sure if this would remove make-up completely
are so easy to use that i buy them anyway-- hopefully no one will find out how much i spend on stuff like this
this product does exactly what is says it will do
doesn't break me out
this product does not irritate it at all
easy enough that she does use them
you get a lot for your money
i didn't think it made much of a difference
not sure why people with dry skin buy this then complain
it's clearly not meant for you
i cannot live without it
doesn't make me break out
anyone saying this makes their skin dry clearly didn't research well enough on what product to buy
i gave it four stars because it doesn't do it all
and best of all, it doesn't break me out.
which happens when i don't use any moisturizer at all
it still didn't mattify my tzone completely
you will see that your skin is mattified
don't know how they compare
if you wear makeup everyday you'll definitely run out of this product in no time
wasn't sure how well it would work
did not break me out
this moisturizer really does what it says it does
you really do want everything evenly spread out from this bottle
they just don't cut it
the kit allows you to get a lot more bang for your buck
can tell if i use something else
it does not feel heavy at all.
still can't believe the results
it doesn't leave a film
wont necessarily stop you from getting shiny later in the day
i don't know if this is a strong enough mattifying for my skin
this did just what it was supposed to
can't wait to use it.
or as i want it to be
shiseido does it right every time.
letting it "dry" for 5-10 minutes without anything else on it
4 stars though becuase i don't know if the 'mattifying' part really works
it does not make you oily at all
i do worry a little about the lack of spf
the only thing that i don't like abiut it is how much the pump gives you
it makes me feel like i am using way too much
this does the job for me
i definitely recommend trying this out
you might love this product as much as i did too :
this doesn't really help as it is almost like water
i don't know if i can justify buying a whole new bottle just to add to my primer
it didn't do too much for oil control
i really do like this
then this probably isn't for you
the pump doesn't give enough product for me to cover my entire face
i dont even use a primer with this because i feel it also holds my makeup so well
words cannot describe how much i love this
i only use this on my t-zone
will not know what i would do if it was discontinued
i tend to come back to this moisturizer whenever i try a new one because it's really just that good
this is an absolute must try for someone that's going through an acne phase
i think i might need something heavier for the winter
this one is not for you
it wouldn't be enough for me in the winter.
it does not absorb quickly.
it wont help you at all
that i feel like i don't even need a primer
you should definitely give this a try if you have sensitive skin
uses it as he didn't want anything too greasy on his face
if you are not happy with your moisturizer i highly suggest this one
i do not usually look for something new for my skin is very sensitive
i don't know if it's good or bad for my skin
can't imagine using anything else
if you're like me
then this product is defiinitely for you
it really does help when you have those r
there is nothing i don't like about this gel.
this moisturizer is exactly what they say it is!
it doesn't even feel like i have it on.
you don't need to apply a lot of it on your face.
if you need product suggestions
the only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars is that in the winter my skin gets really dry
its tropisc as you might know
the only face cream so far wich did not fail the hunt for lightnes is shisheido
it doesn't make you break out
does exactly what it should do
doesn't really go above
do not cause break out.
pretty good if you were to ask me.
this is such a great lightweight moisturizer that i never use anything else anymore
you might think that $32 is expensive
it doesn't break me out
that's why i give only 4 stars to this product.
t goes a lot further
i feel like this does everything for my skin i need nothing else
i should just give up
can't speak to whether or not this will really help to prevent line formation
even if i don't break out
please do not ever change any of the ingredients in this product
can't live without it
prone to occasional acne i did not want anything too heavy
so like me if you want something not too oily
i recommend using it at night even if yours isn't
you have to know that a little goes a long way
but i don't mind.
i know some people think it is heavy
if it does not work
you can return it to sephora no question asked
i cannot believe it.
i can't say enough about this
this will make sure skin feel like
doesn't take a lot either
i would have to agree
i want to make sure that my moisturizer is not going to exacerbate the issue
my advice would be to give it a try even if you think it may be too heavy for you
because it's going to be hard to go back
i cannot imagine giving it up
strangely i can't see how to modify/delete previous reviews
it's like they sit on the skin and don't absorb.
i see why people keep this for life.
i can see why, this cream is amazing!
because it does cause me to break out then
i decided to try it out
it honestly feels like i got a face lift!
its okay once you get used to it
will never use anything else again
one of things i do when traveling is go to a duty free store
why can't we get it here in the us?
i'd like to see it here, too.
maybe if we all demand it here, they'll get it.
it will even help your makeup look better if you put it on underneath
if you can't afford to use everything in good br
use whatever you want during the day
most of them didn't do much for me.
tried to not too much
a little does go a long way.
i didn't expect a great deal
i can tell you a surprise
it always fixes my skin no matter what i've done to it
then it goes on that night no matter what.
i'll think twice about trying something else again
i believe it is going to last awhile
you truly only need just a bit
didn't want to spend the $ thinking it was going to be another prod to be returned
i guess you can my skin is pretty sensitive.
you just need a little bit to apply
get the large size, you will be glad you did!
and it did not break me out at all!.
what out shisedio here i come :)
t doesn't break me out
couldn't find anything that works until i tried this cream
even though i found it pretty heavy it didn't make me break out
when my skin didn't need it
so you can use it around your eyes too
you need very little
even strangers through out the years on how they can't believe my mom is 73 y
don't see myself being without it.
does not feel or look heavy on the face
i would give it an a+
it seems like it would feel really heavy on your face
they even ask me what i'm using on my face because the difference is apparent
i am not sure about fine lines because i don't have any yet
esp when your friends tell you how nice your skin looks then ask what product/s you use
i hardly ever write reviews on any products
for this one i feel like i should
so this does last 3
i rarely go back
b/c nothing else gave my eyes what they needed
so you may not notice
maybe she does not want everyone to look beautiful
if it does, then 5 stars for me.
it usually happens to everything i use anyways
since i started using this cream i don't use my foundation as much anymore
unless i want more coverage
maybe i'm just using too much
someone even told me they didn't even notice when i took my makeup off something i never thought i would hear about my skin
and yes i will recommend this product...
you really want to make sure it's all off your skin at the end of the day
this will do the job
i know which cleaner i'm going to stick to now!
i can't wait to see how clean
i want to try it with my clarisonic.
which i don't think is a good thing because it does feel squeaky clean
lolmy only gripe about this product is that it'll get my face all nice an clean
it does what it says it will do.
so you really don't need to use that much product
didn't have any problems
i like how light it is
you don't feel any oil on your face
this one may not solve your problem
i like all of them
you should use a little bit
your face will love it!
it is a good thing that i do not have dry skin
do yourself the favor
not only did it work for my mom
it does what it says does
even though i know that doesn't really have anything to do with how well it cleanses
i didn't realize how much more a cleanser can do
yes i'll repeat what my husb
does not tug at your face at all
this does everything mentioned that i could want for a face wash
i really think my face looks more even after
wish i could give it 10 stars.
can't find anything else quite like it
it does what it says it will do
now, i can't imagine my routine without it.
i rarely use foundation anymore!
i can honestly say this is the best cleanser i have ever had
i do use it now with my clarisonic
it does what it advertise.
doesn't remove make up as effectively as you do
concentrated so you don't need to use that much
this one did wonders for my skin
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
i can tell because when i use a toner after there isn't anything left on my skin
i want to get new tube
nor did i resemble his mini-me anymore
i could just darn well wait the couple of days
if you go on then off
can't live without it
it feels much clean and does't need to use a lot.
i suggest dont use this everyday
need something that really work
t will last longer than you think
i would definitely order again.
i love how i only need to use a little bit to work up a big lather
the only thing i'm not so happy about is that it doesn't take off makeup
wow does this stuff foam so you only need a small amount
didn't do anything exceptional for me either
i can't get over how quickly
i can feel the difference right away
it does everything it says
you do not need much of it to begin with
i would not likely recommend it to anyone with really oily skin
i don't feel a great change after using shiseido
as i don't think a big change is good for your skin
it does not irritate my skin or make me break out
this is what i want
that's exactly what i got
dont feel dry at all
just give it a try this way
of course i can't tell a difference in any color change yet
the only thing though
i don't have to wear foundation anymore
love it and would recommend this to anyone!
doesn't make me break out
now this product i can't live without!
this one i can't live without!
it does not sticks
it doesn't make me break out
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that it really doesn't do any obvious brightening
i dont think it has any effect with dark spots
i noticed from the second day that my face doesn't look that tired anymore
it is not white for sure
i can even go without my foundation
just wanted something which would lighten
i never want to use too much
it does everything it claims and more.
once you get used to that
if you want overnight results
it never fails that i always love shiseido products
i will definitely recommend it
wouldnt recommend this if you are a little impatient
you need to use all shiseido products for a long looong time before the thing actually does what it says
rather this lingering fragrance that you cant get enough of
don't know if the cream alone will provide the same results
you can see a difference when you put it on.
t goes a long way
f you have more sensitive skin or fragrance would bother you
does not bother my sensitive eyes
i don't know what to say.
i didn't have much aging
no worry that my makeup won't apply properly over it
get something that would actually work
you definitely want to spend the money
i still have little tiny lines that probably won't go away
which i love because i don't always get enough sleep either
once i finally run out i may try something else
plus you always get what you pay for.
i didn't think much could help with my dark circles
i don't think anything will
it addresses everything else
if you are like me
not ready to spend 100 dollars on eye cream that you don't even know if you need
then this is for you
i bother buying anymore because everything else seems to irritate my skin
this does the trick for everything!
i wouldn't say it does much for my dark circles
people ask me if i'm in high school still
so you don't have to use as much
less buffiness, and my eyes do not look as tired.
i did notice it did get rid a few of my fine lines
i really like that this cream has no fragrance or anything that would hurt my eyes
do not have anything to compare it to
if i apply it to just 1 eye
i usually don't write reviews
i cannot believe how much of a difference i see
the only reason i didn't give it five stars is because it doesn't do anything for dark circles like it claims
it does not burn like the others did
it's not a cream that will give you instant results
if you don't need help with combating dark circles
can't say how it does under makeup
it does everything else it claims
i think it offers good value as you don't need a lot
if i didn't get an allergic reaction
they didn't do anything besides just sit there
this does that and then some.
this stuff really does the trick
wouldn't let that stop you
i've yet to discover one that does
this product does not bother me at all
it didn't bother me
why not give it a try since i was feeling pretty darn desperate
told myself why not try it
i must say it really works
my eyes does not look tired anymore
was using something else
i can't speak to the about the eyes
you should give this one s try
ok i'm not sure what is working because i'm using this plus algenist firming
i can tell you this or this combo has done amazing things
i can't say much about wrinkles since i don't really have any yet
i would recommend it to anyone
i may get tempted to try something else
give a try just keep in mind takes weeks before u notice a difference
i can get it right under
everything else irritated them
how much i would be forking money wise if it didn't work
if you don't see them immediately
i can see a big difference
as i don't think it will take off makeup completely
it will change your life
the only thing i don't like about this is the texture
you honestly need to try this product- i guarantee all it will bring you is healthy looking
i can still tell it's getting my face clean
let me tell you it is worth it 100%
what can i say it definitely works!
t doesn't remove make up nor from face nor from eyes
i really like this product because when i first apply it to my face
thats not the case with this.
something about everyone has left me wanting more
i decided to buy something expensive since thats what it takes to get good quality
this cleanser has been so good to me that im afraid to try anything else
make sure not to let it slip out of your h
by to have when you want a basic cleanse
when you find something that works
do not expect immediate
had to use something else until i could get a new bottle
try if, you'll love it.
now that i think about it
i also love that you get a good amount of product here-great bang for your buck
so you can control exactly how much you want
i can't write say enough good things about this cleanser
whenever i stop using for whatever reason
i will continue to use nothing else on my face
it is still worth it because of what it does to my skin
i decided to try something new
they never make me break out or react
they make my skin feel like it should
i think it's a great product to try if it seems like you've tried everything
nothing works for you
i wanted to try this product because the product i was using i was unable to get anymore
nothing else makes my skin glow the way this does
the bottle doesn't last very long either
you don't need to much of this to make it work.
whatever your skin type
just in case that's what you were going for.
because i do not want to run out
find i immediately break out when using anything else
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars
not sure if ren is too gentle for me
i felt like i could tell a difference
t will last you/
that sephora didn't carry it
it does not dry me out
i dont know how its works
if you can afford it
while i can't really know whether it really does what it promise or not
may i remind you
we'll have to see if it can really help my acne
i didn't know that was possible
then stop working for whatever reason
would definitely recommend it.
the only thing that i would maybe change is that it doesn't foam as much as i would like it to
it doesn't affect how i feel about the product
though it didn't stop them completely
it did dry my skin out a little--other than that i would call it great stuff
i really needed something
went with something else
wanted to find something that was going to give me control on breakouts
best part is it is ph balanced so you do not need a toner
it does not drymy skin out
i love that they don't add any junk to their products
i usually can't stick with the same product
cant attest to how effective it is
i decided to give this product a try
i will never switch to anything else
nor does it dry it out
i don't know if it give the deepest clean
not overwelming at all
only little downside: it doesn't completly take off all my makeup
only thing i do not like about it is the packaging
i believe this product has something to do with it
before i couldn't even touch my face without wondering if i was going to have a red mark
now i can touch it whenever i want this was a great find for me
i will use it forever.
t is never a problem for me
i can see how it would be infuriating if you were trying to get makeup off with it
not one shred of reaction from it
the extra step usually doesn't bother me
it won't completely get make-up off
i tried a lot of things that would just dry me out
just the fact that i'm writing a review says a lot because i don't usually write reviews
i can't wait to try other products in this line!
this might not be for you
i can`t believe how quick it worked
just what i wanted.
i let that happen
i will never use anything else
you can see clearly when you're running low
this is not for you
i can't say enough about evercalm!
don't let that scare you
t won't be suitable for everyone
just one pump is all you need
or else i honestly don't think i would have bought it
my skin didn't react to it at all
i would definitely recommend!
you do need to be generous with the application to feel like you are really cleaning your face
you see i'm back though.
i can't wait to try their other products
decided to give this a try
here is what i do
all that other stuff that is horrible for you too
it does what it says.
couldn't wait to try it
somehow i feel my skin is not fully cleansed… maybe it's just me
this is exactly what i wanted
i really do like it.
but i do like the effectivness.
then his one is not for you
otherwise do yourself a favor
if you find that this does not remove your makeup effectively
i wanted to make sure to let you know
i did not think this took off my makeup well at all
let's just say i've never been so happy with a cleanser in my entire life
if you read the ingredients
if i don't use it one night
didn't love any of them
i wanted something more
you will not be sorry
please , sephora never get rid of ren!
when a sephora beauty specialist got a hold of me she quickly let me know that i am having some sort of allergic reaction
no matter what i did
didn't think the dry would be good
you'll see what i mean
it does tend to leave a slight film which i wish it didn't
seems to be doing what it says it will do
i can honestly say this one does the job just as well as the $250 eye cream i've used for $30
you don't need much " a dab "ll do ya"
you would need a 'chemical' product if you need thoese types of results
i really encourage you to give this a try.
if that's your concern then i'd recommend this product
it doesn't dry up quickly that's why i don't give it 5 stars
'm not sure how it would work on someone else
i do like how it feels.
we'll see what type of difference i see when the product is gone
just using when i'm going somewhere special
i recommend it to everyone!
i do not know whether it is making much of a difference with my dark circles
it seems to not really make any difference anymore
not sure if it's because the product stopped working for my skin or whatever
never get enough sleep
although my only complaint is that it does nothing for dark circles- if u are looking to correct that
i don't want to live with bags under my eyes
i always hang on to that hope
don't think i'm quite there yet
this is the first one i have tried that does not irritate my eye area whatsoever
when you have your your make up on
it can go over your makeup if you use a small amound
it does not completely erase them
h/ever, it does not eliminate dark cirles.
i can't live without it.
actually does what it says- yay!
you can put it under
the only thing is when you pump it out it is too much
don't think i've used the product long enough for it's full benefit
it does help with puffyness
do not get this if you want anti-aging.
does not help with lines
i can't find another one as good as this one.
i do really like it though and it works!
does exactly what it says it does
it works to an extend you can't expect the puffyness to be gone
the only con is if i'm not careful
makes them water up really bad so just watch out for that
i can see the difference
i don't know that they will completely disappear
i don't think it "likes" when you try to do only 1/2 a pump
nothing i've ever come across does
not sure if it's because i've applied it too close to my eye
it doesn't happen every time
i would totally recommend it.
it really does what it says it's supposed to
this does not irritate at all
i didn't really expect that.
about the pump: i agree that the pump can accidently push out too much product
refreshing to use i cant beleive the results i have achieived with this product better than plastic surgery can ever do
it does not eliminate them
the only thing that's gonna get rid of those bags is surgery or maybe more sleep
my skin does not look tired anymore
i never want to write a review on something until i know for sure if its a keeper or not
it does not linger
can't recommend this product enough.
you only need a little.
so start with half a pump so you don't get more than you need
i don't feel that with ren's product
i love that it doesn't have any bad ingredients in it
i do still feel the need to apply something else.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was b/c the scent is a little strong when i first put it on
i don't use it alone every night
only thing it does not do is make wrinkles disappear
doesn't break me out
you have the sense you paid a lot of money for not much
please don't stop making this!!!
try ask for sample, you will not be disappointed!
i can never be without my ren!
smells great --- you will want to out this on every night
it doesn't effect how well it lasts
added bonus that it's all natural products so even if you have sensitive skin this will not sting or bother you at all
i read that some didn't care for the scent
i didn't even notice it after 2 uses
decided to give this a try
not only do i use your product @ night it also works great under my make-up
i would recommend this
don't know what it is about this product
my skin does look amazing when i wake up
appreciate what the product does not contain
so that i can feel it work
i didn't even have to finish the kit convince me that ren was the one for me
doesn't make me break out
i can't say enough about this.
it lasts a long time because you really only need one pump
this does not feel heavy at all
didn't think much of it
you know your night cream must be working if you wake up to skin so good that you feel like all you need is just a splash of water
i don't think i can be tempted to try a different night cream for a long time
i do see it does make my skin look better in the morning
this is the only night cream that i have tried that doesn't make me break out
i won't use anything else on my face
it does not irritate at all.
if i could afford it
a little does go a long way!
does not cause me to brake out
if something goes wrong
let me tell you
i do not use it lightly
do notice a little goes a long way
wasn't sure if i wanted to use a new product on my face
i can't say anything negative about this product
can't wait to get it
i like it well enough that i ordered some anyway
i just like everything about it
can't afford all the things i want
doesn't feel like it is just sitting on top of my skin
try it, you'll see what i'm talking about.
i would definitely recommend this to any one.
the best part however is you can see the difference in your pores right away
i don't use this everyday
don't know if doing so would prolong the effect
i don't get any new breakouts
im not sure if it helped with my pores
my face does feel good after using it
if anyone had anything that would very much help for pores
can recomend plz let me know :
my favourite thing about this mask is that to take it off
you can see the difference
i would recommend this to anyone.
yeah you can see it
thats how i know the product is doing its job
i didn't really notice that much of a difference
i can't wait to see how the cumulative use helps to take out my blackheads
i did see a difference afterward
this actually doesn't break my face out more
that tends to happen when i try new stuff
i forget what it was called
it does everything it claims to do.
you do have to be careful
i definitely know its working because when i use it consistantly my pores stay clear
guess it wouldn't hurt to use.
i can't give the mask 100% of the credit
i really didn't see much of a difference
i can't say anything bad about this product
my skin is so even that i don't need makeup.
i will have to return the product simply because i can't blessed get it out
i don't think you're really meant to remove it this way
try it, you will not be disappointed!!!
the dispenser gives you exactly the amiount you need for every use
you still feel clean in the morning i just love ren i need to get a job for them
returned it because she doesn't need it
it just does not dispense product properly.
i am not even sure it will come out.
if you can get past that initial sting it does wonders for the skin
i can pretty much go without makeup now!
can't tell how much product i have left
i don't break out as much when i use this product
why oh why would they think this packaging is better than what they had before?
i can't see how much product i have left now
please go back to the old option dermadoctor!!!!
my face just wouldn't get better
wanted to try something else
it does leave that feeling as if there is something on your skin
i mean my face hurt so much i couldn't sleep
i'll have to just suck it up since it does wonders for my skin
don't let it sway you from buying this product
i recommend it to anyone and everyone.
don't be afraid to give this a try
i figured it was only $30 why not
i think i'll have no way of knowing when it's empty
such a pain to get anything out
then i would definitely recommend giving it a go
i needed to do something about it
not only can i see the difference
the pump does not lock
are hardly there anymore
you can even feel it working
i recommend it to everyone!
it doesn't put out enough product
that just didn't work
lets be honest you're reading these reviews because anything that helps is worth it
if you know what i mean
i can see how someone with sensitive skin wouldn't suit this product
it does exactly what it says
something i can happily look beyond if it means it works as well as it does
you do need to be patient
you will fall in love
you for sure want to hook your face up with at least a spf 30
the breakouts go away if you use it consistently.
i didn't know what to do
once i began to break out they didn't really have anything that could help black skin
this work like a charm the only thing is when i don't use it or forget to take it on vacation my skin reverts right back to insanity
even to the point that i can go without makeup
which i never thought would happen
to me i feel like it means it's actually working
thinking i wouldn't find a product match
do not know which one is helping
i don't mind it
i went into sephora to ask what would help
i won't give this a 5 star rating because it does burn quite a bit when first applied
i don't even feel like i have to wear foundation.
i can't even tell you how much better my skin was this cycle
i didn't even know this product would even out my skin tone
i don't know what i would do if this product was ever discontinued
i will say that it's not for sensitive skin.
a little does go a long way.
you may want to use a lot since it doesn't foam
you probably used a little too much
i don't know which one is working
i suggest you try both!
and i tried everything to get rid of them!
nothing really seemed to help until i decided to buy this cleanser in sephora
t doesn't remove make up at all
to the point i didn't want to leave the house
okay so even though the review below says not to believe the hype
i literally have tried everything except rx creams because i feel like that should be the ultimate last resort
i do know that my skin feels super clean after using this product
i know some people didn't like that feeling
i don't care if it works
nothing ever worked for me until i was told to try this product
thought id give it a try
nothing like it used to
you know the tightening feel you get after cleansing your face- not a good thing
if a do get a pimple every now
you only need a little
let me just say: i rarely ever share my reviews
it does burn when you apply it!
i would have never thought to try it
i didn't know how good my skin could feel
this stuff does the trick
it got so bad that i didn't want to go out of the house
don't know if i ever will
i feel comfortable enough to not wear makeup when doing err
that it doesn't sting as much anymore
i think that is just my skin
this stuff is no lie!
give it a chance, let your skin get used to it.
i know several reviews expect to see results the moment you pat your face dry
we all know that's just not the case
when i first started using it i honestly did not expect to like it
she told me exactly how to use them
i can use this
didn't want to leave my house
you might be tempted to stop using it
you'll be so happy you did
it never lets me down
i can feel it fighting it
youll get the best results that way
i dont break out frequently
when i do get a pimple i pop this right on it
i would warn to be careful how much you use the mask tho
i've tried everything and i mean everything!
i can't say enough good things about this product
i don't think it would prevent breaking outs
let me tell you
that's what matters to me
if i feel a breakout coming i pat this on right away
let me tell you it last a long time
i know it has a lot to do with my hormones changing
t didn't bother me much
i can't say enough about how wonderful this product is
figured i could always bring it back if i didn't like it
warning: let this sink in completely before applying anything over it
really giving it a chance before deciding if you like it or not
i can't wait to try the rest of the dermadoctor products
not take it with me
recommend this to anyone with even the basic acne to try this it's a miracle worker
i don't know why more people don't know about this
i would die without this product.
i don't know why i do this
i would always get it u know when
everytime i felt i like i was gonna get a zit it didn't appear in the surface
because i do find the areas that i treat do get dry
when you use it
i can't say enough wonderful things about it.
can't live without em!
didn't work for me
i wouldn't recommend to use this product under your make-up though
finally a product that actually does what it says it will do
i recommend this to everyone!
i just can not live without it
what can i say besides how did i live without you
you can feel it working2
i could be wrong
i can't say enough about it
i really think it would be a good idea to give this one a chance
i am sure i can use it every single day
i dont have acne anywhere else
i can feel it working the moment you apply it on.
i don't write reviews
can't say enough good stuff about this product.
there just isn't any other cream
it answers the question "why?"
there wasn't anything effective for my stubborn face issue
so you don't want to over apply
if you use this religiously
you won't have to worry about breakouts
see if it's worth getting again
the only thing i dislike is that i can't use products over it
no matter how hard you try
it never wants to leave
you know what i'm talking about
i cannot tell you all how many times i have tried to treat my acne
sometimes these things take awhile
i like it so far
it doesn't dry me out & it really works!
i would certainly recommend this if you aren't seeing results just using the face wash
this product did not irritate or overdry
i cannot wait to see what this does for me.
recommend giving it a try.
i didn't think i would like this as much as i have come to
however i do still occasionally get a r
this product line is one thing i refuse to live without
i would honestly recommend this serum to anyone!
if anything pops up on my face this product takes care of it overnight
you do have to give it time to sink in
you can't see when you are running low on the product
see what my skin is like then
this product does what it's supposed to do in a very short period of time
does what it says!
it just didn't work so well
anyway, it does the job for me.
that didn't even work
it doesn't try your skin
thought i would give it a try
when you find something that finally makes acne go away
'd say it's doing a good job
you'll see a dramatic change in your skin if you have problematic areas like me
i really wanted something that would make my skin smoother
i read a lot reviews saying that it doesn't work for them
i don't mean to say that's wrong or something
you can tell and immediate difference.
which is also a wonderful product that i can't say enough about
i love how i can use it daily if i wanted to
you don't even need that much
could never find anything to help her even a little bit
honestly didn't even want to leave my house
i can't believe the mistake i almost made when i almost convinced myself it couldn't be worth the price
i definitely recommend trying this product!
when you go to squeeze some
i don't use it everyday
it helps clear up my acne better than anything else i've tried
you truly get what you pay for.
it doesn't make them disappear
i cant wait to try other philosophy products.
if you're doubting it
because i don't believe one is out there
it didn't irritate it at all
i fully recommend this product overall if you just want a soft
i literally did not think it was possible for my skin to be this soft
my skins is exactly how i have always wanted it to be:soft
still do on my t zone
most importantly didn't make my skin angry!
decided to give it a try
which i feel like i need sometimes
the only thing that angers me about the microdelivery exfoliating wash is that it didn't jump out at me in sephora
you really cant go wrong with philosophy skincare
gentle enought to use every day.
the enzymes didn't seem to do anything
if you are thinking about trying this product
which i do when we go camping
my skin wont break out
i didn't think it was going to be a good srub
i would definitely recommend
i couldn't be any happier with this
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that i have to take mascara off separately
which i should anyway
i don't do this much.
you will be glad you did
i couldnt figure out what else i needed to completely eliminate it
i can honestly say that if you are on the fence about buying this product
does what it says it does.
i do anything for glow
would never use anything else
does what i need it to do
surely won't be the last
you better believe i'm going to keep it
it doesn't make me break out
i don't know how
even drop an insane amount of money if that's what it took
so do your homework
know what works for you
i will say that even though this works for me
the only thing some people might not like is the texture
i want to share the way i apply it
i bet it would work great for someone under makeup
nor did i try it that way
this may be for you if you can afford it.
it does not work overnight!
oh wait there is
then i couldn't find any more
you will see results
not sure yet if i want to part with my $90 for this product :/first impression is that it's very oily for my combo skin
above everything else i have tried
it actually does what it says it will.
because i had to wait to make sure it worked on me
you would not even believe that i ever had any acne
rarely put anything on my face that is not oil free
i don't know what it is in this product that helps with oil control
from what i have read
this product does everything!
i like this so much i need to spread the word immediately
i gave it 4 stars because i don't know the long-term benefits of using this product
this product does all it states it does
i cannot even begin to describe how soft this made my skin feel
i am not sure about any longterm effects or miracles
don't really have any skin problems
after about 2 minutes you cant feel it at all
there wasn't anything on the sample to indicate what it was supposed to do
after a few uses i couldn't go without
when you put it on
i can't be without this one either.
and the compliments don't hurt either
this doesn't break me out
i can already tell a difference in my skin
it's always my go-to when my skin needs some r
just really wanted to hold on to it
i do not think i would buy again
i would recommend this line to anyone with sensitive skin
it wouldn't do the job
don't know about long term results
i didn't give it 5 starts because it takes a while to absorb
i can't say it does wonders for aging as i'm using it in my 20's for preventive purposes
it didn't make me break out
if you want a no gimmicks type of moisturizer
this is for you
i cannot say enough good things about it.
i don't see any miracle happens on me
it definitely does it promised
i love it, bc it does what it promises you.
try another sample of something else
you don't need much
i am not sure if it is doing anything as far as anti-aging
no matter what i did
this does not make me break out
doesn't break me out
no stinging, reddness, or anything else.
man i just can't get enough of this stuff
if you want something that will make your wrinkles actually go away
i can overlook this
i will probably try something else when i finish the bottle
just enough to make a difference
i can't live without it
not too little- though i can imagine if you have much drier skin it might not be enough for you
i tried it anyway
no that i would
i would recommend it
i can't say enough about it
which i did not expect
i don't use it every night
you don't need a lot to cover your face
i wonder if i can find more bang for my buck elsewhere
i think i will look at other
this does everything that it says.
this product doesn't break me out
he asked me to buy him another one, so i did.
doesn't break me out
i notice a huge difference if i ever for some reason even go one night without it
although i can not tell instant results
nothing to where i would stop using
please don't ever change this formula.
you got it right!
concentrated, so you don't have to use much.
can't say enough great things about this moisturizer
i am now trying to find the product that doesn't make the acne come back
'm not sure how it would do in the warmer months
i am suffering through it though because i feel like everything does
also this has a whole lot of ingredients that my enviro-conscious mind does not approve of
i don't have a whole lot of choices because of my sensitivity
it is a god send right now
gets great reviews from dr's that i ask about it
it does what no other moisturizer has done before
b/c it goes back to what is was or "does" at that
buy it, you won't be sorry.
you might not like that
this is a great night moisturizer that will do what you want it to
does not make me break out
you don't need to layer it underneath anything
you can use it on it's own day or night
nothing else i was using would make them go away
i would if it was $50
seems to do the trick.
do not break me out
you do not need much
i always want to use it everynight
i hope my sort of quite long review helped somebody
it does everything it says it will do
if that will happen
i tried other products when i couldn't find it at the store
i can't say i'm getting younger every day
it reduces lines or at least makes me think it does
the only thing is the bottle doesnt ever feel empty so you don't know how much is left
you don't know when you're out until you're out.
not so old around the eyes anymore
i now feel like my eyes look like they did when i was younger
then let that dry before applying anything else
then we'll see if there are more drastic results
no matter what products you use it seems like it takes longer to see results around the eyes
i just can't beleive it!!
my eyes don't look old or tired anymore
you just need this.
its pricey but you dont need that much.
none of them have really done anything
this is the best yet - i can't do with out it.
you will see results
my under eyes dont look so old
this product is so good that when i went to get my botox for the upteenth time
for those of us who get botox we know that equals $$$
does what it says...no "hype" here!
i already can tell a difference
un-wrinkle eye does what it says it will do
i do use with another moisurizer
it does not really fill in lines very much however it does soften them
i think this product is very expensive for what you get
that i did not see with this
doesn't break me out!!!!
i can definitely see a difference
i did a little research
i don't think i'll be using anything else.
talk to staff at sephora to find your perfect match for skin care
it doesn't take much at all to cover my face
this one is great if you don't want to spend the extra money
after that i don't feel it on my face if i touch it again
what i like about it is that it doesn't cause breakouts
this just didn't do it for me
maybe if i'd just used it on my tzone
can't believe how well it worked.
i definitely recommend this to anyone willing to try something new
i will never go back to anything else
if i have to pay up a bit more to get a product that works then that's what i'll do
so, i can't use it twice a day...maybe once.
does exactly what it says it will
i honestly do not think the product has much of a scent to it
i like it so far.
it does go away after you apply it to your face
it doesn't break me out
if i were forced to say one "bad" thing about it
you can't go wrong with it :
you can't feel it after it sinks in
won't use anything else!
i can't say enough good things about it
the only thing i wish it had was spf
i can't believe it because it is not marketed for my skin type
compared to others not so bad if you want to invest on your face
i would recommend it.
i told him he'd have to deal with it bc i will never stop using this product
i want something that will be good as i age
you will not be disappointed!
stop waisting your money on other products
the only thing i wish is that it had an spf
f you wanted to give that a go
the only thing im not sure about is when i get to the end
as you can see
didn't really absorb well
which is nice because that tends to happen more often than not when i try something new
i will stick with it for long time i guess!!
i can't see myself trying anything else
i didn't like anything until i tried lancome
i would recommend this product to everyone
you don't need much product
i didn't want to spend that much
i cannot say enough good things about this product
not sure if that's because i'm happier
refuse to be without it
this cream does what it's supposed to do
what can i do?
can't live without it
you do not need a lot of product to treat your face
i'd hate to go to sleep without this.
...but i think dermadoctor does it again.
i think that's why i had some break up
the only thing was that i chose the wrong one.
i can see and feel the difference.
dont use it in the summer
i only use them before going to bed because it does absorb the oil from my t-zone which is nice
started asking if i was okay
now i know exactly what i can rely on for adult acne
i hope you guys are ready because i have a lot to say about this product
i pretty much plan to use this until i die.
i recommend this for people who don't have a lot of acne
i can't live without !
it did wonders for my skin
this one does not
this is the one thing that i keep going back to
i don't break out much or often
this still manages to take care of the odd zit that i do get
i can see the difference
decided to use it because why not
i can't imagine my life without it
they refuse to go away!
decided to give this a try
accept if i go away
unless you have oily skin i wouldn't recommend this
really notice the difference if i don't use it regularly
but you do get used to the scent.
just in case any one didn't know you have to moisturize
if you do that then you shouldn't have a problem.
i wouldn't want to stop using it
i went crazy trying to find products that would help my skin
i can go bare faced if i want without a problem
did not let clinique do its magic
5 out of 5 i would totally recommend this product
:( this product helped me to get my skin i order.
em with the 2 other products
i cannot think of ever switching to any other product
but if you have acne, this is for you.
i need it back asap!!!!
thought i'd give it a try since i trust clinique
like even if i touch it i'll break out
i don't think it did much to get rid of existing acne
overall it didn't really do anything dramatic
i did not like it as first
i know most products don't start working right away
if it does get worse before it gets better
i don't think it will hurt any
tried this off a whim, so far i like it.
i definitely cannot live without this product!
even removes make up when you think it's all gone
don't take long to go away
does not irritate my eyes
i would recommend this to anyone.
i continue to use it because you can never get rid of them
the smells doesnt bother me even if i use it on my face
i would recommend this to anyone
nothing else i tried really did the trick
i guess everything wants to be a gel.
if you're acne-prone, give it a try.
needed to go down asap
so you can get rid of them
definately does what is promised.
i tried everything i could
i don't even have to wear foundation anymore
i wish i could give this product 6 stars!
i decided to give it a try
i didn't find it 100% effective
when i do get them
this paste like treatment does do what it claims.
couldn't live without this stuff!
let me tell you
wants to get rid of this fast :
thought i should try
i put a little bit of this on them
i would recommend this product to anyone
i must say it works wonders
i would definitely recommend this product.
i would recommend this 100%
i can't say that its an amazing product for me
if it is for you
i cannot believe how amazing this product is!
as someone who at 25 sometimes still breaks out like she's 15
you never know when a zit may appear
do not pour this all over your face.
i just wish you got a little more bang for your buck
it's easy to use and works - what more can i say!
so don't think you're smart if you apply it more
'm hesitant to try new things
i would recommend it.
that does nothing for me
this does not do that!
this stuff does not bother me at all
although i wouldn't say it completely frees me from all breakouts
it does not dry me out at all.
i recommend you try this
it does exactly what is says.
it does the trick every time
you know when you get a surprise breakout overnight
she doesn't get any irritation like i did
suppose this would work for everyone except me
can't use it anymore
i will not switch to anything else
i do feel the need to elaborate
that's why i gave it 4 out of 5
you name it i have tried it
it does not leave any dry
this is great because you can put it just where you need it
infact i think it made me break out more
i am not exagerating when i say that the blemish was gone the next day
i think i will purchase this again or even try something else
i wanted a product to take care of a pimple when i got one
this does the job
i wouldn't say it disappears after one day
this will disappoint you
please let me know what that product is when you find out
i used this stuff when i feel them coming on
this stuff really does the trick.
if i have a special event i want to go to
i just know what to buy
don't buy anything i am not sure about
it does not get rid of alll your acne
if you notice something popping up
i would recommend it.
the only negative thing i can think of is that it did dry out my skin a bit
this stuff works better than anything i've ever tried
i'd reccomend to anyone of any age!
i literally can put it on
my derm said the only thing to do is wait it out
you feel like you've tried everything then you need this
i don't think anything ever will
please try this first
i would definitely recommend this product.
i know everyone wants a quick fix
sometimes you gotta pop for it to heal
it does everything what was promissed
to see result you need to wait though
or else it wont produce as amazing results
it's taken time but it works if your consistent.
you will probably have it for a while because you don't need a lot
you shouldn't use a lot
the only word i can think to use to describe this product
i decided to give it a try
'm not sure how it'd work on old spots
i would definitely recommend this product
this did not make me break out
i would of course pop them-even tho i knew not too
i knew i could not got a day without it
i cannot wait to see what this does to my skin in a weeks time
i will never go without this product!
that's because i really didn't see any major difference in my face when i first tried using it
i feel this is a good product if you use it immediately after you've done some damage
definitely something you should get a sample of if you just need a couple of spots treated
can't wait to see how it works
i felt i didn't have to wear makeup anymore!
i need to get this product again asap!
there's nothing i love more than a product that works the way the label says it intends to
don't expect crazy results over night
he doesn't tend to notice these things
you should try this
the product does what it says.
your skin is something you have with you for your entire life so take good care of it
you don't use a lot of it
feel like i don't need to cover up my face so much using tons of foundation
this does the trick
you have to be willing
you don't need much
thought i'd give this a try
that's the only reason why i gave this product 4 stars instead of 5
i would definitely tell anyone who is struggling with spots from acne to try this
can't wait to see how they will look in another 3 weeks
review: as you can see from my title
i would totally purchase it again because it is doing wonders for me
it does still happen but they actually fade away!
would strongly caution against getting it anywhere near anything you don't want it to lighten
i prefer not to wear foundation
i decided to give this a go
don't be disheartened if your scars aren't immediately gone
i decided to go for it
of course everything won't vanish
this does the trick
i don't regret trying it
do not mix them!
it's a must try if you have acne scars you want to eliminate
i can tell a huge difference
the product does exactly what it's supposed to do
i know, i know, total no no.).
it doesn't change things immediately
you are supposed to apply all over so you don't get lightening in odd places
i don't think i will be using this product if i'll be out in the sun
obviously this product isn't going to make the spots completely disappear
t may or may not work for your skin type
don't know what it does to the skin when you don't have sunscreen
i can see a big difference
i always keep a bottle of this around so that if i ever do get a breakout i can go ahead
use this to make sure i dont develop any very dark spots on my skin
it takes a while until you see big results.
how little you actually get
how fast you use it up
i should also mention that this did not cause me to break out
do not skimp on this!
if you fail to use the correct spf
you will have wasted your money
this isn't going to work
you get what you pay for
i dont use it every day yet
now realize this won't happen overnight.
that's all i could ask for
i've decided to spend a good $60 to see what dr
whatever else my doc throws at me
i really can't recommend this product enough
if your unsure ask for a sample to take home because it is quite expensive
really know if something works
can't say enough good things!
now you can barely tell that i used to have acne spot
i must say this stuff works
does what it claims
it's probably because i can only use it at night.
if it works like i'm hoping it'll be well worth it
overall the only thing i can say is wow!!!
or something like that
but that won't stop me from buying them.
it really does have a subtle
he just asked me to order 2 at a time so he won't run out
don't have the time to use my clairasonic
this did not disappoint at all
it made a great gift when i didn't know what else to get him
this product gives you the extra for your face
i don't know what took me so long
not only did he love it but so did i!
it does exactly what it says it does
asked me to get him more of this
i recommend it for any person on the go who needs to feel a clean tingle
don't use it every day
it hasn't bothered me yet
didn't seem to be doing much of anything
i would even ask him hey huney did you ues your pads today
he would say yes i did
i would give this to any man and its easy to ues.
these are easy for him to use so there's no complaining
recommended for any guy
i can only imagine how amazing things will get once i have all the steps
almost can't live without 'em
i reccommend this product to anyone who is looking to save time
these are great if right after you you shave
i cannot live without this
if you can afford it, get it!
i am done trying anything else
we know how much guys usually spend time on their face
if you want an even
you really cannot go wrong with it
my skin does look more even.
if i would have to give a con for this product it would be the smell
if you are sensitive to smell for any reason
this may give you an issue
however vit is not bothersome enough to not use it
i can always tell a difference when i don't use it
i obviously cant exfoliate everyday so this allows me to do just that
i can't say enough about caudalie products.
can't go wrong with purchasing them!
my skin has evolved into the skin of someone i don't know
don't even have to use primer anymore
does not do that
i don't know if there is one bad thing i can say about this cream
i think a little does go a long way.
i'd say this product is not for you
i want a glow too
i didn't pay much attention to whether it was working
i wasn't using anything else
feel i can attri
this product doesn't make me break out at all
not exactly what i would called lightweight
this product does everything that's stated in the description
you need very little to cover your face
i love this stuff more than i could ever say.
i didn't want to be that sucker.
she left behind the things she didn't want
the only thing i have to say is
ladies you have to try this
it does what it says.
you don't get a lot of product for the price
can't see my life without it
this does the trick.
i think it lasts about 2
i do not say this lightly
so far i can't find anything similar product that gives me the smoothness
i suggest you try it before purchasing
doesn't make me break out
don't let the price scare you
simply because i can't afford to
can't rest without it!
you do not need to apply a lot
worth trying if you have the money.
i don't need too much to feel that i have enough on my face
it does wonders for my skin.
the fact i don't have to use too much
believe it or not
i dont think this product is age limited.
i really didn't see any improvements
it does everything that it says it will
could not imagine living without it
maybe i just need to use it a little longer.
it does what i'd hoped theother would do
i don't use it every night because i want to make it last
would & will recomend this product to all !
this product is great as it does what it's supposed to do
i make sure every night to apply this because i know that it works
i don't believe in miracles
look younger than everyone we know
i would say gone
i actually buy a new jar way before i run out because i don't want to ever not have it
she could not stop raving about this line.
you won't find me buying anything else
i don't use it every night because i want it to last forever
i wish the ptr line did a better job telling you how to use their items together
you don't need a lot
it does what it says.
pricey but does what it says.
let me tell you it is worth the price
it does exactly what it promises.
i can't say it's done anything significant for my wrinkles
the specialist asked me what i was using as she wanted to try it
i think i may just have to start mugging people
if you're like me
has anyone else have that happen?
love it - it's ptr, what more do you need to say?
certainly seems to do what it promises
my skin looks like i need no make up
the only thing is that it comes at a pretty penny or else i would have given it 5 stars
this didn't give me any trouble to my very sensitive skin
you don't need to put on much so carefulwith the application
only time will tell
i didn't think it was doing anything for me
i don't want to know what it would be like without this soap
this product works the best out of anything i have tried
have never really found anything that helps
i don't use it twice a day as instructed
i can't be without it!
it does the job
you will be so surprised how long this lasts.
it does the job
especially if you're only using it for your face
i rarely ever break out anymore
i love this stuff and will never stop using!
i've tried just about everything to get rid of it
how can you go wrong!
this past december i don't know what happened
i can use this
i will use this forever!
found that not only did it clean off everything
everything else doesn't work or it breaks me out.
it might be something others my not like
i can tell a difference in my skin
i hope you can check it out.
and let me say that means alot!
you can always count on clinique.
i don't use it on my face
don't know how well it works for that
not sure if it's the soap or cause i'm completely stressed out right now
it will give you a good idea of how the clinique br
would recommend to give it a try
doesn't really do much for me once i have a blemish
i do notice i have gotten less
it just wouldn't disappear
my acne was something that i did not like about my appearance
i wondered if it would ever clear up.
it really does help
why not try it?
i believe that the box says it too
this did just the trick!
bottom that would always bother me
it works wonder for me on the ones that pop out :
it will last forever since you don't need much
so you don't have to worry about that
i don't see myself ordering it every month for how large the bar is
probably wont buy this one again
i gave this review 4 stars because it did seem to work
i won't change ever
i don't worry about it nearly as much as i did before using this product
don't know if i would recommend using it there
didn't clear up my skin as much as i wanted it to
i do not use this on my whole body
it did what the product's description stated it would do
it really does make a difference on my skin.
decided to try this product
it doesn't do anything to help the marks already on my back
doesn't break me out.
i do not use that title lightly
you need to give this a try- it has changed my skin
i won't be experimenting with anything else because this works well for me
you do not need to use too much
it doesn't hurt the skin or for you to feel like if your concerned about breaking out more or not
yes i do like it
it didn't do exactly what i wanted
it really did help clear his breakouts too
this does not irritate it at all
please, if you suffer from acne try this!
usually don't write reviews
use a little it does help
tried to think back to what i used to use when i would get compliments on my skin
now i don't normally write reviews
usually everything breaks me out
it does not irritate my eyes
it definitely does not cause any breakouts
you've got nothing to lose by trying it
because that never happened for me
i just use this again
if nothing else has worked for you
i would give this a go
t helped to get rid of my breakouts not only on my face
i wouldn't have it any other way
with boscia i don't get
i didn't like how it gave me texture
if it didn't do that i would have kept it
probably no one else tbh
'm not losing hope just yet
i always find my way right back to it
when people ask why does my skin looks so great
i would recommend this to everyone boscia products don't disappoint
if u use the right amount.
actually does what it promises
i really got this on a whim
that's how i like my make up
which is why i like it
i rarely get any blemishes anymore
decided to try something new
i feel there's something even better
i can't go without it
if i run out i do notice a change for the worse in my skin
i can't believe how great this stuff is.
i will not go without it!
one thing i do want to point out is that it leaves it kinda dry after
though if you have serious acne this might not be for you
i mean absolutely nothing
ncredibly gentle that i thought it surely could not work
i would definitely recommend this!
just started thinking about how much it's actually helped me
you don't realize how well it's working until you compare how your skin was to how it is after a few months
i am no longer ashamed to be seem without foundation
recommend to pretty much anyone
can't expect my cleanser to control every little breakout
i do need something to control oily t-zone
which means i can't use anything on my skin without suffering for it later
i don't need to use a lot to clean my face
but that doesn't happen with this face wash.
i don't expect this product to really clean up the small bumps
i wanted to try it
now if i do i prefer something a little stronger than will actually dry my zits out
returned it because it was too gentle to really do anything to my rarer
so, i decided to give this a try.
the only reason i'm not giving this 5 stars is because i haven't used it long enough to be 100% sure that this is what's clearing up my skin
i try to do what i can to avoid that happening
i can't even tell i put anything on
it isn't going to magically make you not oily
this is for you
while this doesn't have either
i love it so much that i want to buy another one for when i run out
i am not using anything else on my face before or after this treatment
i can always tell when i haven't been using it.
the only reason why i give it 4 stars is that it doesn't really help with scaring
if i over wash it goes crazy
-i really do like this one
the best part is that what it has done for my skin has made it so that i don't have to wear as much makeup because i don't have allot to hide anymore
i notice that if i miss one day of use
i doubt you'd believe me
what works for me may not work for you.
i can tell you that i appreciate this treatment because it is gluten
i cannot live without it!
when i do get a little breakout
you get what you pay for
only 4 out of 5 because it won't fix your big
i can't tell so far if this will prevent breakouts from occurring
it will be nice if it does
does not leave any film on the face
i really can't believe it!
nothing else had worked til this point no matter how much i paid or no matter how many stars it received from reviews
i really do notice a difference in my skin after i use this
it does nothing for getting rid of acne marks as far as i can tell
i do notice that my skin looks a little better
i can overlook that
i couldn't tell a huge difference from using this
what i didn't like was that it felt tight on my skin
i can't say because i didn't use it long enough
he didn't need to tell us
why should you run
i can choose to wear or not wear my make up.
i normally dont write reviews
this is gentle enough to not make me flaky:
which i rarely do
i didn't realize how badly my skin reacted to drugstore products until using this
nothing else seems to be working for you
i won't use anything else!
i didn't think this was doing much
i wanted to try something new
i didn't think i needed it
decided to start using this again because i wasn't sure what else to do
nothing i used could get rid of them
i can't say enough about this product
i couldn't function without it.
while i don't think i have problem skin
it does help clarify my skin
i won't return it because it does work
f i do manage to get an individual pimple
can't live without it!!
i would go for it
if i don't have make-up on
i would definitely recommend
it certainly doesn't cause any reaction at all
i really love it because i find it really convenient that i can apply it to my dry skin
i do not find this does anything for my redness.
it doesn't make it feel tight
you have to use either a makeup wipe or something else to make sure you get it off
t might just be me
yet this face clenser does the trick
doesn't make it worse
the only reason i did not give 5 stars is because it does not fully remove makeup
i guess it is worth it because it works
you'll love it like i do.
doesn't really lather like you would expect.
it doesn't seem like it really cleans enough to me
she didn't always keep what i needed in stock
it shows if i don't keep it clean properly
this cleanser definitely does what it claims to do
i recommend trying it
what do u have to lose
can't wait to try the foundation once i run out of makeup forever
if you will give it a fair trial i think you will too
i do not like the new lid style on this.
won't use anything else
don't expect this to foam, though - it doesn't.
you can expect it to do a good job of removing makeup
as i was afraid things would change
if i do feel a pimple coming on
not sure which product i could attri
so don't expect any suds
this never makes me break out
this cleanser is something i can no longer live without
i react to everything until now.
if you as sensitive as me
you won't regret it
now i can say i have skin i thought i would never have again
it is the only product that does not burn my skin know that i am part of the aarp age group
it works so much better than anything else i have tried
hey i figured it was going to be this way for the next 4 months
it id very difficult to find product for my face that doesn't cause a breakout
a small amount is all you need to get your make-up off
there's no going back
you really do not need a lot.
i can see a difference right after i use it
i wouldrecommend giving it a try
they may not work for you
i will definitely buy something else when i'm done with it
this product does not do any of those things
didn't think i would
was afraid to try this at first
wanted to see if i could do anything about it without going to see a dermatologist
i will be using this stuff you ever!
i don't really wear foundation often
don't know if i can afford it again
this i will always go back to
i've come to the realization that my skin does not like it
i don't normally break out anymore
so not sure which thing was causing the problem
it just didn't work for me because of my issues.
i notice a difference if i run out
can't recommend it enough!
didn't know what it was
i couldn't afford the cleanser too
can't wait to be able to buy cleanser too see if it works even better together
can't wait to see what his skin looks like in 4 more weeks
want to wear make-up
did not break me out.
you just need a little bit
i can definitely notice when i do not use it for a few days
do not plan on switching to anything else
i feel like it does absorb well
you have to wait a little bit
it does seem to help
this didn't irritate it at all
therefore i thought it would not hurt to find something to help me combat this
i cannot tell you how many months of daily use it took
i believe it will do two things
i didn't realize just how much this was helping my redness
i don't use anything clinique but this .
i do recommend it
does not affect all of my skin
someone at sephora helped me pick out this probelm
i know every person is different
the cleanser doesn't do much but this is amazing.
i don't go a day without using it
it really does make a difference
it'll give you immediate results
wasn't sure when i would ever use this cream
i don't feel like i have to reapply it later on
i cant sue much on my face
i feel like if you put it on after you wash your face
even if you put it on when you are just going about your day
i already do not know what i would do without this magical pot
this product actually does what it says it will do
this doesn't irritate it or make it break out
did not cause any break out for me.
it does not make me break out with acne
it doesn't cause it to react which is saying something
worth it the jar lasts me about 4-6 weeks you don't need a lot
it does feel nice after you put it on.
i find i can tell a difference if i use the whole redness solution line
is thick so you don't need to use very much
possibly be wasting money on another product that did nothing for me
i couldn't believe it.
i don't know what is in this formula
this serum does everything it says it does
i am not big on make-up
can't live without this product.
i think i will use it a bit longer before i say anything definitive
"you get more beautiful as you get older
i rarely break out anymore
a little does go a long way
not even the price can keep me from this stuff
even though i am not that 'mature'
she couldn't sleep without using it.
i decided to give it a try
even me in my 50's
most everythign i so far have tried is good for awhile
i wouldn't recommend doing it twice a week
that's all i need to say!
can't say enough good things about this mask!
i actually like it
i don't mind because it makes me feel like its working
i want to use it on everyone i know
i also don't want to share my bottle
it seemed like they wouldn't work
i finally feel like i can go out of the house without face makeup bc my skin already looks so good
i cannot recommend enough!!!!
just try it, it could change your life.
do not get me wrong, this mask works.
it's the only thing i can think of to compare to
i always get asked what's the best product to use for clear
i didn't know what to expect with this mask
it didn't at all
other parts of my face i don't really see a difference
decided to give it a try again
can't wait to use again
i felt compelled to write one for this mask
otherwise i don't regret spending money in this product because it is literally doing something to your skin
didn't see any difference at all
this is the very first time i ever make a review on anything as i don't want to be a marketing tool for any products whether it's good or bad
decided to give it a try
sorry if it doesn't for somebody else
it's amazing what this mask can do.
i don't know if i have the guts to leave this on overnight
this didn't bother me one bit
was like i'll try it
it doesn't dry me out or make me break out or anything
it does exactly what the product description says
i would recommend it.
i can't live without it.
i would never go without makeup before because i was too embarrassed
i will forever use this mask.
you will definitely see results
because you can clearly see a difference on your skin instantly
i can finally say that my skin is clear
not letting this mask out of my sight any time soon
you notice a difference right after your first use
if your skin can take it it is absolutely beautiful to use
its hard to explain why
"i will never let you go my sweet"
not thinking much of it
only one i've tried that actually does what it says immediately
you need this in your life so what are you waiting for?
i left it on longer than it tells you on the packaging
i cannot wait until the day comes when i get to use it
it's what you need
don't feel experienced enough to say it's the best of the best
but, if you give it time, it works.
i can't wait to keep using this product to see what it does for my skin long term
did not notice any difference at all to fine linesgreasy textureexpensive
my skin actually likes them
i wish it comes on a bigger bottle
wouldn't reccomend sleeping in it if you do
decided to give it another try
this will give you even
i definitely recommend trying a sample if you can
you can usually go into sephora
anyone who wants to experience a light peel should grab this
it doesn't bother me in the least.
even lets me put this on him
*not sure why i couldn't achieve 5 ☆☆☆☆☆ here on review
cannot recommend this enough.
i feel like it does everything a mask should do
i absolutely can't wait until friday's
i am an aha newby and will not be turning back!
i can't wait to see the changes going forward.
as i believe it could really help you if your skin is at all like mine
i don't mind it
don't forget you can get a sample to try at home before you buy the entire bottle
i think i'll get one more.
how do i use it?
wanted to know what i was using.
knew exactly what to recommend to me because
it definitely does what it claims to do
not if you're trying to find the one
i will say when i do that
a game changer, eveyone should give it a try!
something i don't normally do
see if that helps
face that some don't like
i never really notice it on my face
this really does help
i don't know if that was what worked
i don't find that to be true
the other thing about this that's fantastic is that you can add it to the lotion you use on your face or body
read that they would do the trick
i will put up with it because it's that good
for what the product it's worth i definitely don't want to be wasting any of it
i feel i dont need as much
i dont know if its fading slowly
i could totally tell a difference when i ran out
so yes, you need to keep using it.
i can't tell you how many compliments i've gotten for my glowing skin
how much easier can it get.
only wish the bottle or maybe their website would tell us what the percentage of vit
i normally don't review but this stuff is bomb!
do your skin a favor and try it out.
ask for one at your store
you use so little, therefore it goes a long way.
let me tell you that since i started to use it my acne went away 100%
i could not believe my eyes.
i recommend to everyone that i know that have breakouts
you do not see any benefit to your skin
if you'll commit to the product
please don't use a scoop and a half though.
skin feels great-wonder why i waited so long to try
you should get this if you have: dull skin
how long did it take to work for me?
why don't they just make the spoon the actual amount?
i didn't expect much from this
try it, you won't be disappointed!
it does what it says.
love that i can add it to any of my products.
will definately continue to use this.
actually does what it promises
i can definitely see the difference when i use this
i almost want to add that it feels like it is de-clogging my pore somehow
try this what do you have to lose but $36 tax.
i feel like i can tell a difference in 3 weeks
i like that i can add it to my own products.
if you're just starting to use it
i bet you'll notice the results after not using it for too long
i figure you're never too young to protect your skin
can't wait to see the results
because sometimes you really dont want to put on any makeup
at least it does not break me out
i will use this forever!
decided to give it a try
can make sure that i'm never without this
which i don't want
try not to use too much
i don't know how else to describe it
as you want without the worry of it going bad
b/c this is one product that i do not want to run out of
no matter what cream you add it to
my skin does look a little more even
i can tell a difference when i stop using it because my skin looks a bit more lackluster
t really is a good bang for your buck
just be careful what you mix w/
i do know that nothing is going to "cure" my hereditary under eye circles
i didn't expect any overnight results either
try it for yourself
if you don't like it
now can't live without it
they're usually one word or not detailed
not sure if i would buy again only because of that
at first i didn't know if it was working or not
i would recommend it!
this eye cream did what others could not
you don't have to use a lot.
it probably isn't something other's would notice
but it does work if you do it twice a day
they know their stuff
of course i was not sure if this product would help
it's not something a cream can help with
see what you think.
however i do notice some improvement which is proven whenever i stop using it because i think it's not doing anything
i can't wait to try this product again tonight
does exactly what it says it will do
i would recommend this to anyone with dark circles
you don't need a huge amount
that's alright because i have another eye cream which takes care of that for me
i can't say whether it long-term improves the look of my under-eyes
i wouldn't doubt it
i forget to use it half the time
it doesn't make them disappear
even you gotta make time to rub it in
you'll see the difference!
take a picture of your face when you buy this product
if you're like me
this is definitely the product you want
it's just as noticeable if you stop using it for a few days too
i will say this
if you give this cream some time you won't be disappointed
doesn't get rid of them by any stretch
you get what you pay for
i like it so far.
hope it'll fade away more!
i know it will not totally get rid of the circles
it did help diminish them
i can't get enough of it although i only wear @ night
nothing worked to either fix them or cover them until now
i can't wait to see how great my eyes will look in a month or two
i just wanted to try this specific product
because it did that job
i try my best to take care of my skin
i don't see any longterm benefits
cant say enough about this brand or this product.
so you don't waste it
you do only need a little bit
this is new to me and i do like the results.
it doesn't take a lot of product
i could instantly tell a difference.
you know how little kids don't do anything to their face
i don't see this product being ideal for you
or simply don't like feeling anything on your skin
if it makes my skin good enough to not need to use any foundation
nothing else i used worked
really need to be careful as to what i put on my face
t doesn't cause a reaction
i don't know why
i would totally recommend it to anyone
it doesn't last long anyway
also doesn't break me out
go ahhhhhh whenever i apply it
'm clearly not going to quit using this any time soon
not so much that you can feel it under your makeup
let me tell you
i wish she hadn't because now i have a harder time ordering it because we all know once jaclyn likes something good fkn luck finding it
if your doubting this product.
don't, your face will thank you.
doesn't seem to be enough
if anything as for a sample to try out
it probably won't become something that i use regularly
it is hard to please me
only moisturiser ive used that didn't break me out or leave me looking like a greasy mess
it doesn't always happen like that
you'll forget you're wearing any!
you totally forget that it is on
i don't think it does anything else for my skin
not only in my t-zone
i can't believe how relieving
i would defiantly recommend this to anyone!
it works so well i'm willing to overlook it
this doesn't clog them which is great
will not break you out.
does what it claims.
doesn't break me out either
didn't like the results
it's all i need to keep my face happy
from drug store to the ones that claim they'll fix every problem you've ever had with your skin
it also does not cause me to break out.
if i travel, i take this with me.
i find that this doesn't break me out at all
don't be afraid to try this product it's not heavy or greasy at all
it might just be what your missing from your skin care routine
i can tell the difference
so this did not sting for me
because it's the only thing that does the job without breaking me out
i think i'm going to save up for it
im always trying any sample i get for reasons like this product for example
i never need to touch up my make up
my skin don't really do well together
i would recommend it
does not upset my skin
not just sit on it
you get what you pay for
f you want to stick with cheap moiturizers that cump up make up to peall off or just dont sit right on your face use drugstore itmes
if you want one that will last
i do not look my age
it really does make your makeup look it's best!
does not make me break out
i do really like this product
i don't think i could see myself spending $75 on it
i will use the rest of my sample to see how my face reacts
because the stuff i used to use wasn't cutting it anymore
now i won't use anything else
i've found that hardly any do
i don't doubt it would be amazing on skin not as dry as mine
your face is something you look at
it didnt irritate at all which made me so happy.
i am one of those people who thinks the face cream without any scent is a little weird
it did what it was supposed to do
i can tell you i have no compalints about anything i have purchased with the perricone md name on the label
if you don't have sensitive skin
i decided to give it another go though
i didn't bother to read the reviews because not only is everyone's skin so different
blame the product when they don't get it
nothing that would make me stop using it
you think by now i wouldn't break be breaking out like a teenager
i cannot wait to get this product and try it out.
sometimes to achieve the results you want
the only thing i do not like a lot about this one is that it is a little bit greasy
it's obvious that you are using something on your face that is making a difference
use it each day and see for yourself!
it doesn't do much for that
i am not sure if it does anything for fine lines or wrinkles because i still have them
i think that is what i like about it most.
as the say "a dab will do ya"
if anything it helps your foundation to go on smoother
once you see how your skin looks
otherwise does exactly what the description says it will do
he would if he did
i don't find it to be too intense or anything though
i've yet to find anything out of his line that i dislike
t must be alright
that is not why i use it
haven't found anything i like
does something funny if i try to put foundation over it in the morning
i don't have to use it as much any more
never thought i would use that word for my skin.
that's the only reason i didn't give 5 stars yet
why when that same about is all you need to cover your face
i can't really see a difference from my former night cream
i don't need foundation at all.
i did not realize how much my face missed this product
im so happy and i can not wait to use it again!
if i do get a pimple it doesn't get to the point where they would get a year ago
you want brighter skin you can't get any better than this
now you hardly see these lines i wiill never change from this product i love it
does anyone know if have to mix up it before you use it?
i wanted to try something new with vtamin c
another product i can't live without.
f you are worried about the money
it beats spending your money trying other stuff
i would be the first to tell you if something i tired didn't work
your skin does have to get use to the product
be able to afford the up keep because if you stop using the products you can tell :
miracles don't happen overnight
while i can't tell you that it makes me look like i'm 30 again
honestly it does not compare with anything else
you see results immediately.
you will see results
i can't wait to try other perriconmd products.
i can tell the difference when i do
i can tell the difference when i use it right away
i found exactly what i needed in a cleanser that doesn't claim to help either of those issues
i will never stop using it.
i would recommend to anyone
i can't with results like this
i can't say i get my money's worth
i decided to give something new a try
for some reason this wash wont do that on my skin
you can feel the difference on your face
i always swore i wouldn't pay this sort of price for something to wash my face in
that doesn't bother me
wouldn't use anything else
i didn't give it 5 stars because it's hard to decide if this face wash is what is causing my blemishes to disappear
for all i know
it's not a big deal when you think about all the benefits
i would give it 5 stars
don't plan to switch anytime soon
don't like how they feel
will not use anything in it's place
make sure you shake it before ever use
this product does not!
either i didn't feel clean or i was overscrubbed.
the other good thing is that you dont have to use a lot of it
i love that it does not burn my eyes if i have to open them for whatever reason
you won't need it.
let me begin by mentioning how incredibly smooth this makes your face
i must say i only tried this on a whim.
oh - and no break outs from this either.
you don't need even a whole pump
decided to try something else
cannot say enough good things
i never wnat to use anything else!
just wish it didn't cost so much!
i like to try new things
i feel like they do what they advertise
give this stuff a try
i don't think you will be sorry
i intend on doing whatever i can to have it looking the best it can
i am thinking about trying the pore minimizer next
i am going to be going back
i can't wait to try more of perricone's other products
i wish it didn't come in a glass bottle
i tried it anyway
i can already tell a difference in my skin.
honestly if this one does it's so mild i can't tell
plus my dogs would notice if it did haha.
don't think it is as fabulous as those reviewers that do have it
if you are rich, ok to try.
if not rich, don't know how special this is.
don't hesitate any further
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
i decided to do some research.
this is to let you know that i have very high st
please dont ever take this away from us!!!
makes me think i could do without going under the knife
just do not try to mess with it after applying
i know i'm ready to fight against any signs of age or partying too much
i can't wait to see what my eyes will look like in a couple of weeks
it really doesn't help to use a lot of it anyway.
while it doesn't perform miracles
i do believe it makes a difference
i won't even try anything else.
however you have to be very careful when you apply this stuff because if you get it in your eyes
i can tell a difference when i do or don't use the product
need all the extra help i can get so that i don’t look so tired
can't do without it now
not really sure if it does what it claims to do
i personally could not tell much difference
does exactly what it says it will do
u don't see them
you can actually feel it in your eyes long hours after you have applied it
i didn't say it will make your eyes like when we were 18
i dont ask, they ask me.
thought i would give it a try
i do feel that i need something a bit thicker
does not do miracles
i would love to have your opinion on the best eye cream you have found untill now
'll give this perricone close to that to see if it works
let you know later how it works.
i wouldn't switch to any other eye product.
i absolutely cannot live without this eye treatment
after pics so you can see the difference
did nothing at all for me
it won't happen after repeated use
hope it works for you as well as it did for me
wish i could say the same about smile lines :
i don’t intend to get them
it doesn't take much product either.
i do see a change there.
it did not irritate
people keep telling me how good i look.
i like the fact that it does it all!
it's the only one i need.
but don't take my word for it.
everyone hates reading rave reviews for something only to have it do nothing for them
i could even skip the make-up
it probably won't work for everyone
i hope it helps someone
i actually would recommend
i really like it and my skin does also.
i am so happy with this wash that i would recommend you to try it
f you use a clarisonic as i do
can't use anything else now
i do wish the bottle wasn't glass though.
this doesn't really feel like it works when using it
you only need 1 pump.
try it; you won't regret it.
one thing i think they could work on is the smell
don't mind in the end since it actually works
you only get one face why not take care of it
it does exactly what it says it will do!!!
it does just that.
my skin really does look more clear
seeing how it works for yourself
i give 4 because i do not like it's smell.
can't really give all the credit to the face wash
how can it do anything if it doesn't sit on your face long enough?
or should i say
the only problem you'll have after you finish the set is that anything else you try will be disappointing
i can't believe i waited so long to try this product
gave this a try when i couldn't find the make-up optional product any more
this doesn't do that
takes your make up of too
would recommend them to anyone
it just cannot get the job done
i wasn't sure what i was going to get here.
does what perricone says it does.
it is the only one i have used that really does what it's supposed to
even though i hate spending this much money
maybe i'm expecting too much
i can't speak to effectiveness on dark circles as i don't have a big problem with those
after about a month i can really tell a difference
i think those who do not like it probably do not need it
i did only give it 4 stars because i'm not quite sure yet if it's worth the money
this one does not
that kink in the design really does need to be worked out when forking over 100-200 bucks for a product
i see things start to change
a little really goes a long way so you don't need a full pump or you'll end up with too much
i just love this and will not be without it!
just try it and you will be in love!
a little does go a long way.
you really do see almost immediate results.
i dont think it improved my complextion enough to warrent the cost
just want to give it a little more time
can't live without this product.
you instantly feel it working
you can actually feel it working.
wouldn't be without it
i think i will stick to this one.
no switch to anything else.
people can't even believe i'm over 25
i wanted to wait longer to post
i don't know how well this will work only 2-3 times a week
those products either did not perform or i did not like the consistency/texture of the product
depending on your skin you can use it in am
think it can't change without fillers you have to try this
i've wanted to try this product forever
i read a review on this product somewhere else
thought i'd try it to see what was so great
i don't know why nobody ever thought of this before
can afford to pamper yourself
so my suggestion is try it
this product does the trick
don't ever want to be without it!
all these new products i don't know what the deal is
i cannot wait to see what this does after a few weeks of use
wasn't sure what it was doing or not doing
not only does it save on product
you will definitely see a difference in how your face serums
it does what it claims to
i can see a big difference
my makeup seems to look better when i apply it now because of how even my skin is
i heard a lot of people complain about the pump
all perricone products do what they promise !!!
i did not expect this kind of immediate
you won't regret it
this is one perricone product that i won’t do without
i've yet to try anything by perricone that wasn't anything less than great
i definitely recommend giving it a try
you won't go without it
i would recommend this
if i don't use for awhile i can tell a big difference
you'll see results right away
i don't break out anymore
don't even have to use foundation anymore
don't get me wrong
just can't get enough of it
it does exactly what i'd expect a cleanser to do- my skin is left feeling smooth
i love that you only need one pump to get a good lather going
can't say it did anything positive or negative for breakouts
not bad at all-
i don't think i'll purchase gain as i have others that i do enjoy more
or should i say
i cannot describe how great it makes my skin feel
it can bother you because the scent is not too subtle
i can't get enough of it.
but this one doesn't.
you really need only about 1/4 pump
it did its job
begin using something else
i did not expect anything drastic from this product right away because i wanted to give it some time for my skin to adjust to it
not sure what caused it
wanting to try something else from ole henricksen
i don't think i will ever be able to go back to another cleanser
i didn't really think it could be helped
i figured it smelled so amazing what did i have to worry about?
i feel like it doesn't last very long.
i would give 5 stars
right away i was sure it wasn't going to work for me
i decided to try it anyway
knowing full well i could take it back if it didn't work
when i saw the price of the full size i didn't love it so much anymore :/
can't say if it does much for acne
will continue to repurchase unless i find something else that clears away all of my acne
i couldn't live without this now.
i expected it to do nothing special
i'll get this again for sure.
it's not much of a deal when you don't like all the products
t won't last long
you don't need much
will not use anything else.
not sure how deep it goes
where do i find it???
i refuse to use anything else
give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
thought i'd try something new
i wish it came in a smaller size i just can't spend the money on a cleanser even though i know its worth it
i really do like it
i don't mind it much in winter
i don't know why they call this a serum
i can't afford it any more
once you've experienced the results it's impossible to use anything else
i wouldn't recommend anything else for thirsty skin
will definetely keep using!!
i can't live without it
i recommend it to every one
this did the trick like nothing else without breaking me out
i honestly couldn't remember what my skin felt or looked like without my dermatologists routine they had for me
its expensive but let me tell you what.
if anything it helped my current breakouts
wow i just can't stop wanting to touch my face its so soft
it did the trick
this literally never happens
i cannot stress how much this product saved my skin
you can tell that this is a very honest company
i would definitely recommend this product.
i definitely recommend giving it a try.
won't use anything else
t doesn't add to my skin issues
this was the answer for me.
doesn't sit on top of your skin
neosporin couldn't touch this problem
i would recommend it.
simply does what it says it does
people who know me know that i don't such praise to just anything
let me tell you
did i mention how soft my face is?
sure enough it did
because of the great quality want to try other ren products too
try it out you'll love it!!!
does not make me break out.
i would definitely keep this
i would recommend it.
i wanted to get something simple for summer
when i don't use it
i can definitely tell the next day because my whole face just doesn't look as radiant or fresh
it is so light that i do not even notice it.
i recommend this to anyone :
so you won't have any trouble with it absorbing
if i want to do a full face i skip this product
this did not disappoint
they didn't have that line in the store anymore
to be honest at first i didn't like it
it does not make me greasy
i dont use anything else.
you only need to use a little
so far i like it
i can't speak to any long term effects
so far i like it
i can't think of a single negative thing about it
the other reason i like ren product's is because they don't test on animals
i've tried everything you could think of.
you can wear it alone or under make-up.
this product is so light i don't know it is on
i am going to give it a little more time and see.
i do not need age- fighting
i probably need to get something else from ren for the winter months
this product does exactly what it says it does
trust me- i have tried all of them
i can't afford both right now
i could not recommend more!
if you give it some time to sink in this works wonders
while i didn't hate any of them
i didn't see any real results
ask if he could do one too
did not break me out
i guess if you don't like "aveda" type of fragrances
then you might not like it?
there's no way i'm going to go without
i don't know what i would do without it
i actually do like it
didn't bring thing stuff with me
i really like that i only need a little
did not break me out so that's awesome!
this did not break me out
i can't live without it
just don't expect it to take years off your face
much more than you'd need
i only give 4 stars because there is no spf
i can definitely tell a difference in my skin
i don't normally put on any face makeup because i don't like how heavy it feels
doesn't do what it says
results aren't going to happen overnight
i can really tell a difference in how smooth my makeup goes on while using this product
i don't know about all of the free radical-barring claims
one pump really does go a long way
doesn't last all that long
i don't think it's good enough to make up for the money
doesn't sit heavily either
i don't like how it feels when first applied
also doesn't make my skin go crazy
it doesn't interfere with either
is enough to make me want it
no spfi don't think ill purchase again because theres no spf
always have people asking they type of moisturizer i use
doesn't irritate me at all
can't imagine using any other face cream now.
it's so good i don't want to try anything else.
did not burn or cause me to have any type of reaction
you just need a little bit of this product
even it out whenever i apply it
if you want to call it a scent
i will use what i have left sometime/somehow or another
or anything i want to wear beautifully
cleansing water or the eye cream yet b/c i wanted to know what was doing what to my skin as i was advised to do by the ba's
i do intend on trying them all one-by-one starting tonight w/ the serum
then go from there giving each a/b 2/3 day's to see what's what
if u have acne/sensitive skin please do your self a favor
i really recommend giving this a try.
the name of this product doesn't lie
you only need a little bit
i can guarantee you that
i cannot even explain what it does to my face.
that's not the case with this one
but it certainly is not.
at least i don't think so
i would definately suggest it for anyone with sensitive skin
i did not notice that this caused me to break out
it doesn't really address my oily t-zone
t is not that much of an issue
as you might imagine
it is combination-sensitive-does whatever it wants
for years i have tried things to get rid of shine on my t-zone
this does all the work.
this doesn't make me completely shine free
ren does everything so well
i wouldn't necessarily say that this has a "mattifying" effect
i will never use anything else
i will never use anything else.
no matter what i do, it's always there.
2 pumps is all u need to do the entire face
it will not break you out
if it takes away my shiny t zone it will work for anyone
you must try it.
am going to purchase a second box because there is nothing else like it
it doesn't get hard
go on, you know you want it....
i do think it helps minimize the scaring
you dont have to use the whole vial at one time
you will see your skin get changed after you use it
which you can easily get 2-3 uses out of it if you seal it properly
i find it really does leave my skin glowing.
do it before bed and you face will thank you
i didn't really notice a difference
didn't expect this product to be so good
the texture of the mask is not at all what you would expect
cant wait to use it and yes i did.
i know its bad
im cant find any words to describe it
i just decided that i cant go without it anymore.
you have to give you a chance!!!
come on, just treat yourself.
how could you let a guy's skin brighter than you!
as i didn't see any difference
its not going to do the trick if you are looking to hydrate
if you need more even
this is for you
i couldn't believe it.
thought i would give it a try
i will not lie
i think it is a nice product to pamper yourself with
couldn't wait to try it out
i don't knwo what is
if you want something that does what it says
i believe this is a great cleanser for anybody with sensitive skin
it's my go to item when i want to look refreshed
he doesn't use 'that makeup stuff' even if it is for men
you can tell the difference right away.
doesn't mean only guys can use it
the kind of results you can get from it
for anti-aging i can't really tell
i can't say enough great things about this product
i don't use this on my whole face
it will change your world!
didn't like it either
so make sure you buy this one and not the other!
decided i didn't like it
does everything it claims to do!
certainly not worth any more than half of what they're asking
i typically don't review products that i do not absolutely love
so for me to write a review means this is a product i can't not have in my kit/skin care regimen
didnt find that it did much for me
i really like the way they feel
give them all a try
you'll enjoy how they make you look
i chose to go for it
i decided to give it a try.
not only do i notice a visual difference when i run out of it
the only reason i've not sprung for a full-size is that i can't afford it
don't know about long term effects
doesn't cause me to break out
yet does not cause me to break out
knut i personally don't like leaving sth on my face overnight
i leave it as long as i want
it doesn't make any bad result
i am not sure why some people think this is "greasy"
i know that everyone's skin is different
i can not even use the clarisonic
'm doing what i can
so sadly i won't be using it again unless i get another sample
i do like the product overall
i still have what seems like a full jar
you don't even notice it
i didn't need to use very much
can't say enough great things about this product.
i never thought i would want to spend so much money on that type of cream
at 25 i want to treat my skin right
have alittle lines im probably the only one that sees them
does't make me break out.
just really wish it wasn'tso expensive.
didn't seem to bother me after about 3 uses
i think i may save a few dollars on something else
you get what you pay for
i will not use anything else.
i don't need it2).
i decided to give it a try anyway
i can honestly say it's made a huge difference in the texture of my skin
this does the trick
if i could afford it
so, i decided to try this out.
if i get lucky enough to foresee a nap
i can break out at times-- this mask does not cause me to break out
i can't bring myself to spend nearly $100 on any kind of mask
the first time i used it i felt like it didn't do much for me
either way, this is my god-send.
'll have to wait until they make the switch
i wasn't sure what i would think with an oil cleanser
this does work for me
it lasted me quite a while because you don't need a ton of product each use
'm not sure i can justify the price
not a miracle worker or something you should go out of your way for
you know what they say “you get what you pay for” in this case a very good product
you don't need much and it feels great.
i dont like the price
to be honest it doesn't do a lot
knew i wanted to buy it right away
it does exactly what is says it does
does give me some （subtle
no matter your skin type
this mask gives you what you need
it's safe to use everyday if you wanted
although i can't afford to do that
i don't know if it will help my skin look better because i have just use it once
i will eventually have to suck it up
this didn't irritate it
i could not tell enough how my skin feel after i use this product
you want to treat yourself to instant glow
i usually don't use masks because i'm too lazy to ever use them consistently
i tried it, without knowing anything about it.
maybe if it was like at least $25 then yeah
asking how i did my makeup
i would give it 5 stars
i didn't notice any crazy
i did just like how it made my skin feel smooth
if only i could afford it
this wouldn't be an every week mask for me
it would work better for occasions when you really want your skin to look good
i did not read the instructions
i really didn't have you use very much at all
let me tell you
if money is no matter to you
can't justify spending $92 on one jar of anything
this one doesn't disappoint
did not break out :
now what i know what it's like to have soft
definitely makes you feel like you're giving yourself a nice spa treatment
honestly it should probably only get 3 stars
i just don't think i could pay this for a mask
it's just too much to ask
you might want to give this mask a try as it's a very innovative product
she didn't like it
i wondered what i had done differently
if you didn't see results i suggest wearing it overnight
you can follow the instructions or do as i did
i can honestly say that no other mask i have used makes skin feel like it does with this mask
others you can find many that do the same thing
i wouldn't let the price scare you off if you find this mask works for you
don't want your face to show it- for example
i couldn't believe how soft it made my face feel afterwards
i can say it does make my skin a bit more alive
it doesn't work miracles
it does what it claims
no matter what i did they were always there
it doesn't bother me at all.
this you can feel by h
beyond that it doesn't really do much else
i will say that when i follow my wipe with this
i can finally say my skin is 100% clear
i urge you to give this a try
doesn't get any simpler than this
i can't even begin to express how much i love this cleanser
i can actually feel it
you don't have to use a lot
sometimes the best thing you can do for acne is not do anything or using chemicals
you don't have to use a lot
one pump does the job
i actually did not expect it to be so creamy
i really would reccomend this to anyone.
this really does what it says.
a little dab does the job so you don't feel guilty about the price
i don't want to leave any oil on my combination skin
even when i think it's done
it doesn't try out my skin
i don't know why it just doesn't run out.
i can't live without it now.
in fact i don't even need to pump it all the way down
so far i like it
don't think i will ever buy anything else
i love that you don't need a lot to clean your face
trust me you need a very little amount of the product
you could definitely tell the difference in my skin
i can't say enough good things about this cleanser
i dont think that its a good idea because it is very drying
gets down where you need it to
i didn't about this product
i won't use anything else
'd say so far so good
remember to shake it everytime b4 ya use it
i would recomend it to anyone!
at first i didn't like the way my skin felt after because it gave me that squeaky clean which i don't like
i definitely recommend to any skin type other then someone who is super dry
not sure what product you used
you can feel a difference when you use it
ddd henny let me tell you
some of you know what i mean
i decided to give it a try
but this stuff is the answer.
i can't speak for waterproof.. i do not wear it.
i don't know why anyone has reviewed this product negatively because it is such a great product
this does not dry me out
i would not change it for nothing
not only does a little bit go a long way
it's the best thing to ever happen to me
only use small amt., it doesn't take much .
this is if not my favorite, for sure one of them!
wow did this make a difference!
you only need a little bit
this doesn't break me out
i expect this to last me forever
i never have breakouts anymore
let me tell you it is non-drying
i still do breakout
find that's the only downside -however it didn't irritate my skin at all ie
don't fret about the price: you need so little product to create big foam
once you realize how little you use each time
there's not too much to say about this face wash
it gives me what i want!
why fix what ain't broke?
this cleanser does exactly what it says
i'll never use anything else!
so you only need a little
you only need about a 1/4 of a dime
i almost want to say that it calms my skin.
if you want a better result
i do recommend you to use the toner too
i'll be sad when it runs out because i don't know if i'll be able to fork over $25 for it
not heavenly or anything but definitely not bad.
though i would give it a try
i can say that it works
i can't believe how this cleared that up
decided to give it a go
don't get me wrong
i love how i can clean my face easily
once you try this, you'll never look back.
i felt like i wasn't using anything too harsh or running to much
great when your in a hurry/lazy
i don't really see a big difference between this one
of course dont believe in magic that this will get you off your mascara
i usually want to buy 2
i find that it doesn't get my face as clean as i want
doesn't leave any kind of film
f you are like me
i probably wouldn't purchase this product again because i really don't have a need for it
i don't put much on my face
take this cleanser with me everywhere i go even though it's bigger in size
it does the job.
however i dont think it is a good idea to either use it as a daily basic or use it as your eye makeup remover
you can use the second pad but not necessarily.
the only thing i don't like
there is no anything like this out there
i could not find
the sales reps tell me that the formula didn't really change
i do wash with a cleanser afterwards because i don't think it's enough to use alone
do not want to try anything else
i cannot live without it
you don't need much as a little goes a long way.
i will continue to do so.
i tell everyone about this stuff
only thing i don't like is the lid.
this saved me when nothing else could
i can't live without this product!
it will absolutely last you awhile
definitely you need it regardless
i couldn't justify the price for something that wouldn't work
wouldn't recommend it under makeup or anything
to see if it would help my skin
this stuff must come from the heavens because it is honestly the best stuff i've ever used before
definitely try it out
getting to know what works for my skin
i think you will too .
so cheap for how much you use
a little does go a long way
i decided to buy this one since the fasali didn't work really well on me
i put it on everything
you can never go wrong with argan oil.
it doesn't do anything
did something more for my skin
i didn't replace it
turn things around for me
miracles do happen and they're in this bottle.
bangs so this is something i would recommend for night time use
it doesn't do much else
i do take the best care of it
i will use it forever
don't be afraid of the 'oil' -- it won't make you more oily
it never fails to impress.
so you'd think i would steer away from any type of oil
this oil did not make me break out nor did it irritate my very sensitive skin
i can honestly say that it's my hg
i don't plan on changing it
cannot say enough good things about this product.
anyway it does make me break out
doesn't break me out
i wish i could afford to use it in my hair every day
i can't live without this stuff!!!
do not want this oil to touch them
i don't usually write reviews
there's no going back
- just something that doesn't make me feel the greatest
you really don't need to buy a lot of this oil because a little does go a long way
see how long it lasts you
if you can't commit to the $16 mini bottle
this product believe or not
can't believe i haven't used this earlier.
wouldn't use this everyday
don't be afraid to try it if you have acne-prone skin
i decided to give this oil a try
honestly just a drop for each does the job
i really do like it.
'm not actually sure that either of these are truly pure
not anymore with this product
this didn't make me break out
i do recommend the product
i could not askfor anything else.
i wanted something heavy enough tof feel as if it's making a difference
it's not the same as josie maran's so do not let the cost dismay you from getting this one
can't be bothered with cheaper if it doesn't work
sometimes, you do get what you pay for.
i could not recommend this enough.
i like this product because you can actually feel it working
i do when i use this before
i love that i don't need a separate eye cream for night
when my friend recommended this i was skeptical- i did not think an oil would hydrate my skin
normally i am not compelled enough to write reviews
you only need one drop for your entire face!
decided to give this a try
t did not cause my skin to break out
why didn't i use this sooner.
please don't stop making this.
no matter what i put on it
wow i cannot stress how good this stuff is.
everything i have tried does not work like it says it should
if you don't believe me
i suggest you ask for a sample to take home
look like i feel i should
buy it if you're a guy that wants to take care of your skin
doesn't want to spend too much
my face didn't mind this
i can't say it gave me this outst
i would say within 4 weeks you will totally notice a difference
i would recommend this to anyone
i can't even explain how great this product feels going on
i can see how people thought it didn't do much because it doesn't feel like anything
if you can afford it- you'll love it
let me just say
i cannot live without this stuff now
if you can afford this it is worth it in my opinion
the only thing i dont like is the scent
combo/ sensitive skin i never know what will
recommend this product to anyone wanting their face to look supple
this does the trick
i don't want to ever be without viz 1000.
when you find something that works
watch how much you apply to your skin
is a must have- i freak out when i run out
give it a try, you'll love it!
i don't find it useful if use alone.
think that depends with what you clean your face how the other products are gonna work
you have to give it time
i don't go a day without it now
and i did see results!
i did see results
nothing would help it out
i can tell the difference
my skin doesn't feel tight anymore
didnt make me break out or anything
i can't say enough of this product.
of course we cant get that
i didn't want to switch moisturizer's because i really do love what i am using now
does not correct your problem
i can tell the minute i do not use this.
i would recommend it to anyone who wants to increase hydration
you can just feel than after you put it on your face
i like it so much
you can use it all over
i could tell a difference right away
i would recommend this to anyone who takes their aging skincare issues seriously
don't wait even a minute
i can't go without it
i notice the hydration of my skin is not as good when i dont use it
you have to get it on your skin before it gets a chance to tighten
no matter what i used
this product did nothing for fine lines
the only thing i dont like is that its kind of sticky
not exactly sure what it does
don't forget to ask for a sample of the ultimate creme
i could see a difference in my skin not using it
will not let it run out again!
i do not have any reactions
go get it before more people find out about this little wonder
i cannot recommend this product enough.
people don't believe that i'm 35
my skin can't go without it
that's not the case anymore
this is the only product i've found that doesn't cause me to break out
i wasn't sure if i would because of the smell
doesn't make me break out
this product doesn't seem to make it worse
don't plan on changing it anytime soon
what else could i ask for?
you only need very little to go a long way
that's the only negative thing i can think of
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
this probably isn't a good choice as your foundation will probably slide right off
does not break me out
i think she was just trying to upsell me b/c that is not necessary
it is one of the only ones that does not break me out
it does not make my face breakout
it didn't cause me to breakout
just a tip to anyone that thinks that just because they have oily skin
my other review will tell you more on what i think of this awesome product
it never fails me
i really do use it daily--i never leave home without it
does not leave me oil-free for the whole day
decided it's perfect so why change
which i think is gonna happen regardless with any spf lotion
it doesn't make me break out
this did not aggravate it at all
it is ok right now in fall.
i don't think i would use that in summer
don't like how they make my face feel
i say if you're thinking about it ask for a sample
give it a try because it's worth the money
which is really what my skin needs as i don't have wrinkles
would definitely recommend to anybody
i did with this one
com because i don't usually take the time
let me tell you that i'm glad i did because i have the most greasiest skin ever that easily breaks out
(we need that for this economy) lol.
i don't know if it has any serious anti-aging ingrdients besides the spf
this one never makes me break out.
it didn't make it worse either
doesn't make me break out
my only concern is that it leaves me wondering just how long the spf really works
i got the combination oily selection because i didn't want anything too heavy
i am not sure if it really makes your skin look younger
because that's hard to see on yourself
i like using it
that i do not break out
it does what it says
you only need the littlest bit
you won't be sorry that you did.
the only thing i would change
its not enough to make me want to stop using it
it actually makes my face, dare i say, dewey.
as an added bonus there doesn't appear to be anything in here that makes my skin angry
i love this stuff, i'll never use anything else.
this one i did not react to
i don't mind putting it on
you can't have everything
wonder why i bother trying any others
i cannot say enough good things about this product
the only problem is it does not seem water proof
even when you put on enough to make your entire face
it doesn't bother me so much
i am not sure how to describe it
doesn't break me out
this does the job.
doesn't leave a super lotiony feeling when you go to apply your makeup
once you use this moisturizer everything else disappoints
you will not be disappointed.
this is the first product that doesn't do that
it doesn't stay that way
that doesn't last long
do not get it in your eyes.
but not to the point that it bothers my skin.
i didn't know what to do
i don't have a lot of money.
every time i try something else
i really don't want it to come back
i swear even after just a few uses i can tell a difference in how my skin feels
it doesn't make my skin react
my face did not enjoy the change
or just wear it alone if i am not doing much that day
you do not need much
you should give it a try!
t doesn't clash with anything else that you may put on
this one definitely does not
im 29 so don't have any fine lines or wrinkles
do hate that phrase
couldn't ask for more.
going to stick with it
you only need a little
don't need to use too much
it doesn't interfere with my make up.
it doesn't feel that way on the face
i love it i don't look for new moisturizers anymore this is the one i am going to be using for along time
i love it, beause you can feel you skin so soft
does not affect other make-up you apply
i dont see any effects
didn't make me break out
dont usually believe those stuff
thought give it a try
it does get aborbed though
i would recommend that you give this a try.
if you buy it from sephora you know that you could always return it no questions asked
so really when you think of it that way what do you have to lose
the only things i would like is if there was a spf 50 version
the spf 25 is what i wear anyway
i will never use anything else.
i would recommend it to others it's great product
this moisturiser did the trick to sort it out
t is much easier to wear make-up
i don't see why i will ever replace it.
it does just that
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
will do it again
i can definitely say that i look forward to the smell now
and i sniff everything lol!try this out people!
yet does not strip the skin at all
this did not happen with this product at all.
the bottle isn't as big as i thought it would be
the size is worth the price because you don't need a lot to get the job done
i don't mind it now
the only thing i don't like about it though is that the bottle leaks from the cap
cannot check if it's just my bottle or if this is indeed how it is supposed to smell
so luckily i don't have to sniff it too long before going to sleep
you make me feel good
don't let it deter you
it says don't use on the eyes
also you don't need much
it lasts long because you only need to use a little bit
i definitely recommend it to everyone.
i would recommend better knowing your products however before you go on here
if the pumo does not work
you can still dispense it in your h
again, know the product before you complain.
i don't have to worry about stubborn acne anymore
i know that's not what this product was intended to do
i can't decide if i should replace my bliss with this
regardless of what i decide
when i do break out
don't get it in your eyes though
so you only need a tiny bit
it dosn't seem to do wonders either
when i didn't use it
i do this because it doesn't matter if it is little bit greasy looking when going to bed
try what works best for you.
a little does go a long way if you use it as directed
t has nothing in it that can irritate or breakout your skin
i will use this forever :)
the other day he asked me if i could just always buy him this moisturizer
little did i know what i was getting myself into
like everyone else said
before you know it
!i cannot ask for more.
you won't be sorry
i make sure i never run out because my skin is addicted to it
it does not make my combonation skin break out
you won't be sorry.
would recommend this for sure!
you don't have to use very much.
this did the try
there's just nothing out there formulated like this one
you need only a little
if you like a very rich
you need very little
if you can get over that you'll have wonderfully smooth
i think this product would be great if you had extra dry skin
wish sephora didn't pull it from the stores too.
it does the job
does not leave me "greasy" what so ever
do not expect a matte finish
you'll get use to it
what more can i say?
don't hesitate just buy it now.
you won't regret it.
thought i would try something new
isn't working so much at all anymore
i can't tell you how much i love this hand cream!
you won't regret it!
if i didn't like it
there was nothing to lose
this one actually didn't feel like anything going on
not so much that i wouldn't go ahead
think it helps even me
plus everything it says it will do
i can't tell you how many eye creams i have bought over the years
you don't need to use a lot.
i am not sure it does everything it claims to do
as you can imagine
doesn't leave any shine
time will tell what it does for circles
it seems like the line is not that visible anymore
no matter how much sleep i got
they would not go away
it was stressing me out because i normally do not wear makeup
i did not like this to start with
no matter what i did
if you switch to the optional cap in the packing this doesn't happen again
i think my eye 'issues' go beyond this cream
all of them let me down
i never ever write reviews for anything.
with this product i don't even wear any primer anymore
i try something else every once in a while for a change
i find that if i use my make up
if i wait too long
it doesn't 'catch' the make up
i can't use primers because they always break me out
it doesn't break me out
if you're like me
it doesn't bother me
can't compare to murad if you have a oily t-zone combination skin this is your product
i don't usually write reviews
i rant about why i must leave a review
when you're at work
can't believe it took this long to find a product that actually works for me
i decided to give it a try
i don't even care if it makes me break out a little
does just what it says.
my face is so shiny you could probably see your reflection in it
i only wish they made a bigger tube of this stuff
if you're skeptical, trust me.
if it doesn't work
depends on what you need
can't wait to see how it works with a mattifying foundation
it's like no other product i ever tried.
i don't even need foundation for daily looks
i honestly was ready to accept that my skin was forever oily
it made a big enough impact to make me write this review
how much you get
my face always got shiny in my tzone no matter what until i got this
hope this helps omg one more thing
if you can get past the smell you'll love this product
i love that it doesn't cause me to break out
definitely worth the money bc you don't have to worry about other mattifying products
this not only helps me control oil
it really does mattify your skin!
that's because of my own body not the product itself
- it really does make your face look that smooth
i legitimately do not have to blot my face at all
thought nothing would ever help
didn't hesitate to buy it
she scared me when she told me the spf would make me break out
i can't tell you how much i love this mattifier.
seriously just try it.
you really need to work this into your skin.
i can't live without this product!
i think that's better than not using this product
it does not stop it.
8 hour shift i don't feel like i need to was my face
i can honestly say this makes my skin look normal
could never really find anything to help control the oil
i always come back to it
one time it simply just did not control oil for me at all
feel it's the only one out there that my face doesn't break out with
you feel like it might even be too much
let me tell you i've tried a million products to help control oil
anyways i highly recommend this for people with my skin type
i decided to give this a try
it can also be used as primer if you don't have one
what i do like is that it has an spf
does exactly what it says.
it doesn't work for 8 hours like it says
i don't know how many bottles of this stuff i've gone through
normally i don't write reviews
:) go buy yourself this please
don't notice my face as much
helps me not to touch it
this one really does control the oil.
don't need to go crazy with it
it does what it says it will do.
a lot of times mattifying i know right away it is not for me
i say for anyone on the fence, give it a try!
i know use it as my primer
whether or not that's a legit fact i'm not sure
you'll probably go through more
i never see acne anymore- not even during 'that time of the month"
i don't write a whole lot of reviews
would recommend it to everyone
you don't need much in order to get a good cleanse
with extremely sensitive skin it's hard to find anything that works let alone works well
now that i found this i can't imagine going to anything else
you need only a little bit to apply to your face
whenever i go back to it i find myself wondering why i stopped
you only need a little bit
i usually break out here
whatever you have on your face in 5 seconds
i would probably use it anyway just for the scent
can't imagine anything better.
i don't plan on switching any time soon
this does all in one
you don't need a lot to adequately cover your face
my only complaint is it doesn't get all the makeup off in the go-around
but would absolutely recommend.
my ance wasn't under control anymore.
it does take all the make up off
this product is everything you could want in a cleanser
knowing that going from wearing nothing
but this stuff did.
i honestly do not like it
this does not break me out
you do have to use something after this cleanser though
i can always count on clarins
you only need a little bit
this seems to do the trick.
i just wanted to reiterate the fact that this stuff lasts forever
to clear my acne i had to use something else
tried it and now i cant live without it.
love it, will not go without.
this product just made me write one
what can i say about this product except that it works
you will not regret trying this cleanser.
i wish i knew abt this product sooner b/c it does a better job removing my makeup w/ one use
you won't regret this product!!
i recommend it to everyone.
does not break me out
what more can i ask for?
this product did not give me any problems
you don't need much to get the job done.
you don't want to irritate your skin
it never ceases to amaze me how far this product goes
i spend a minute massaging my face because i can't get enough of how nice
now i don't want to use anything else
you don't need much to get the job done
i never know when a product is going to irritate my skin
the product does want it claims: skin balance
i recommend this to anyone.
a little will do the job
i don't know how
some make you break out
i don't do that
it doesn't break me out
i would give it 5 stars
decided to give it a try
it doesn't break me out
it really does make lines
it doesn't just sit on top of my skin
this doesn't break me out
can't say how effective it is with that
i wouldn't try or use any other product.
i really didn't expect the results that i got
it's definitely a do not remove budget line item forever
this product works for me becasue i don't have much wrinkles
i don't suggest this product
i think i would probably prefer something a little lighter for summer
you wouldn't be able to tell
you can put it on
can't honestly say if it dimishes wrinkles or not
however, it did make my skin look great.
i break out quite easily even if a product says it won't cause breakouts
coming back tonite to order a full size of this wonder cream--might only use it for special occasions
does what it is supposed to do
yes i do actually think i can see a difference in fine lines around my mouth
i still didn't put 2
this could be a coinsidense or it just isn't right for my skin
even immidiately after you apply it
it's important to wait a few minutes once you apply it
when i first put this on i thought this would never work for me
it is exactly what you would expect from lancome
i must say every time someone compliments my skin on how soft
it really does make lines
it doesn't do much for undereye circles though.
it's good enough for me to see the difference :
i went in on this knowing it wouldn't get rid of them
none of them compare to what this product does
they keep telling me that i have no wrinkles around my eyes or face
i tell them that my secret is this cream.
i recommend it to everyone.
the description does exactly what it says
i would give it 10 stars if i could!
you do have to see it to believe it
i try new things
didn't think it would work
didn't see any results yet
guys, don't think this product is just for women.
i couldn't see a difference
they can't even believe i am 27 years old.
that's when i realized something must be working
i'd definitely recommend it to everyone.
don't know how effective the product is in that respect
i don't have too many fine lines
i don't write many reviews
the recipe didn't change or something
this one never fails
you don't need to use much, just a small dot
i got this to try
i can't/won't live without this product.
this product does what it says it will do.
you can see my full lid
i can't believe it.
don't hesitate to try this if your in the market for a new eye cream
i decided i would try one bottle
let me tell you
s that didn't work
this is a no-go
i don't think you get much product
i say go for it
i couldn't shake it enough to make it go back to the original state
can't live without this product.
i don't know that this particular product is making a huge difference
i'd rather not see what happens if i don't use it
people always say how good i look
too soon to tell if it works.
you can feel it working
i don't have fine lines yet
i think the best way to judge is maybe do a before
can definitely tell the difference when i come back to this one
can already tell a little of a difference
i really want this to work...it is pricey.
not only does it go on light
and whatever you do, do not take the lid off.
it doesn't go back on.
i don't see a difference yet
i can really see a difference!
have to watch what you put on your skin
if so, why and which product ?
i can feel them now
i can see the difference immediately.
i do feel like it did a really nice job on my dark circles
what made me buy it is when i tried it in the store i was surprised to see results right away
you just have to find what works best for you.
you should read the directions on how to apply
not sure though if it does something drastically different than a good quality eye cream would do
moisurizes the eye area like nothing else
or maybe i used too much?
don't over-do it.
you won't regret it!
do not let the price of this product stop you if you think you need it
would recommend this product to anyone with problem skin
if you want perfect looking skin
i wouldn't recommend it
can't wait to see my results after fulll month use :
i don't like to spend a ton on this sort of thing
i would definitely recommend this product
don't plan on stopping any time soon
on my face not so much
my eyes would look like they did in my 20's again
i can't wait to see what my skin is going to look like in 6 months
though when i have it still seems to work as good anyways
wish it cost less, but you get what you pay for!
it did what it was supposed to.
i try to use it everyday
can't claim this solved my problems
i would really encourage
don't know if that is related or not.
i don't have many fine lines
which i knew this would not fix
don't stop if the first few uses bother your skin
doesn't need to be used everyday
i know some may think its pricey
that never used to happen
i wish i could use it every night
can't wait to try the rest of this line.
i can definitely tell when i stop using it within a day
i can't believe how much better my face looks.
it couldn't be easier to use
do not get this near your eyes!!!
just take your time when you apply it.
i think i will write another review in a month or two to let anyone who is interested know about the long term affects
i can definitely see
it does what it says
would definitely recommend it
i could tell a difference in my skin after just one use
believe it or not
you will not regret the investment in your skin.
people are really surprised when i tell them i'm 47
i waited to write a review cause i wasnt sure if i wanted to keep it
i didn't expect a miracle cream either
i never thought a product could do everything the sales person told me it would
it isn't often that what is advertised actually does happen
i't's really important not to mix it with anything cause that can mess up how it works
i've never used anything so effective
i don't know what strength
i can't use it every night yet
which is why i wanted this product
people keep asking me what i'm doing with my skin
it does do what it says
it lasts longer than you'd think
usually i do not put much stock in what i read
i decided to try this
i still can't believe i dropped $80 on any beauty product
i would recommed this to anyone
so cant tell about results
not using anything else for that evening
do not over do it!
so time will tell
once you do that
i figured i could use it every day because you use such a tiny bit
ok so maybe i used it twice a day
if i don't wear powder i don't notice it
my only thing is that i don't underst
i will add, i can see a difference in my skin.
i just cannot tolerate it every night.
which is not something i do too often with skincare
i want a product that will help visiblly reduce the laugh lines around my eyes
if you need spf you just use a separate one.
i don't need spf every single day
i hardly get any large breakouts anymore.
it just didn't last that long
i must say i like it a lot.
if you're willing to make the investment for your skin then it is worth it
it's hard to tell if there's still something in there or not
i like to know when i'm about to run out
do not make my face greasy what so ever
but, u gotta be constant using it twice daily
t can make you a little oily if you don't wear make up or anything over it
can't do without this.
i love that you don't have to dip your fingers inside of it you just push down
it gives you the right amount it didn't brake me out
it gives just the right amount so you don't use too much
the only thing i don't like is the container
so maybe if you have mature skin you'd want something heavier
it never did before
i really hope they didnt change anything bc this is my miracle moisturizer
decided to give this a go
i would recommend this 100% to anyone especially if you have dry/normal skin
you don't need a lot so the price point doesn't bother me
i honestly can't recommend this enough.
it doesn't break me out.
i also want to try more of ks products because of this product
i did a fair bit of search
i don't see myself using a different daily moisturizer anytime soon
this is just enough without making me look shiny
it does not sit on top of the skin
the cons i can’t tell when the product is done
i cannot say enough about it
you definitely get results with this
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that it comes in a huge jar
that just seems absurd to me when you can recycle just about everything else
i does not make me break out
if i happen to rub my face
i think that means it's working.
i do notice this really tightens it up
you should try this you will not be disappointed.
can't say enough good things about it.
which i never do
that stuff does nothing
do think is too heavy
i cannot say enough about these products.
does not make me break out
not sure there is enough retinol to really make a difference
wanted to add that the one thing about this product that is really annoying is that it doesn't last long
does not break me out.
does not make me break out
i don't think this is the best product out there
at first i wasn't sure that i would like this so much
need the moisture i have used so many products that do not give me what i need
i mean never looked better
you can't tell it's empty until you are completely empty
so far i like it
it does not break me out
this didn't cause me to break out.
when i say light, i mean very light.
this stuff is simply amaaazing.
you do not need to use much as a small amount
i gave this product only 4 stars because i just cant get use to the smell of this cleanser
this did the job
honestly there is no going back for me
for whatever reason i cannot remember
i urge you to try!
kind of gross when you think about it
now it seldom happens
does not irritate my skin or break me out
may yet wind up buying the full-size if i can't find anything i like more
it doesn't need alot to wash your face when you use it with a clarisonic
did not break me out
it does not come off
even that does not "hurt" my skin
i do believe it shouldn't cause irritation
won't use anything else on my sensitive face.
this product does not irritate my face at all
figured i'd try something new
you must use just a little bit
it does exactly what it says
i should try their products i was like i don't have anything to lose
you are going to breakout the first week don't worry
the combination is absolutely unbeatable with anything else you could possibly come up with
not to mention your skin
i can already tell that i don't break out as much as i did
this is the only one that does the trick for me
you might want to give this one a try
now i want to try her other products!
didn't really do anything special for me
you don't have to use very much!
all kate's products do what they say
it does last as you only need a little
even when i don't use the appliance i still feel like i get a good clean face
this does not dissapoint
it is pricey but a little does go along way.
even when i do they're really small.
i can definitely tell a difference in my skin when i don't use this
cause my face will go crazy
i don't know if it's because of this cleanser
i do break out a little when i don't use it consistently
it's doesn't do anything for my skin
i decided to try something less harsh
they don't stick around long
i cannot say it will clear your acne
then buy this cleanserto make sure you don't get any more pimples you spent a fortune on to get rid of
it doesn't irritate me at all
i also really wanna try the new eradikate cleanser that just came out
together they do wonders to my skin
everyone asks what i use
i can't say enough good things about it
i've never written a review about anything before
if you're not careful
even though it says you can use it morning an night
i am not sure if it has cleared up my skin
knew that my skin does that
it usually gives you more than you want.
i would definitely recommend it to anyone.
but this does the job.
not only did it clear up my breakouts
i recommend this to anyone with the same problems as me
i can't wait to try more of kate somerville's products
not only did my skin look bad
i can't begin to tell you how much my skin has cleared up
i know without it
you'll still get the same results
i needed something that would not only clear my skin
when i cannot get anything else out
every time i try something else i always go back to kate's cleanser
i don't have many
let me preface this review by saying that it's rare for me to purchase products a second time
i like trying new things until i find the absolute best product for my needs
choose where to go to college
this did not disappoint
my face doesn't get too oily anymore too which is a definite plus
i did not break out horribly as i did before
if you want clear
kick me if i'm wrong but i promise you, i'm not.
i literally miss it if i use something else for a night
it does make a difference for my skin.
love this product- won't go back to any other cleanser
this product does exactly what it claims to do- stabilizes oil
nothing else had helped
actually does what it promises
i can't go a day without it
my skin just wouldn't feel as happy without it
occasionally she'll give them away to people.
i cannot get enough of it
even people who wouldn't notice something like my skin being clear
i felt like there was nothing i could do to control it
will continue to use as i do use the rest of the kate somerville line
let's not talk about it.
i don't use it everyday
i didn't immediately re-up as i didn't feel as if it did enough to justify the price
i do agree with the other reviewer about the twist cap
really don't care for it because i feel like some of the product is wasted
i wasn't sure about it
i do not like the twist top as i feel i am wasting product that sticks to the cap
otherwise i really like it
probably what you expected
thought you'd want to know
i cant think of any negatives that i could share!
dont know how many tubes of it i used.
i gotta switch to another cleanser since my skin wants to
i do get a blemish or two here
i don't like the lid on this one beacause a little extra always comes out every time you close it
it doesn't break me out
i decided to try it
i would recommend if you have breakouts
sister's could see the difference without me telling them about it
everyone's skin is different so don't give up
find what works for you
i tried all kinds of stuff
believe me i've used them all
i definitely recommend this product to anyone who doesn't have a serious acne problem
can't say enough good things about the ks line.
didn't have a sephora around me
originally i thought i wouldn't be able to check how much product i really have left
i just wanted to mention this because i know for the price it could be concerning
it does not make me break out
however it is impossible to tell when you are running out
it doesn't make me break out
the only thing i don't like about it is the jar itself
you can't really see how much product you have left
if you can get past the smell
decided to suck it up
to be honest it doesn't really have a smell at all
i would give this 5 stars
maybe to make it look bigger?
my skin can go crazy
it doesn't make me any more oily than i usually get which is in my t-zone
really didn't want to love this moisturizer due to the price point
didn't want to irritate it
you don't need a whole lot
it doesn't make me breakout
only thing i don't like is how much money it is for how little product
at first i didn't really like it
forgot about it for awhile
i can't believe i didn't like this
if you can afford it then yes i recommend it
it did not irritate nor break out my skin
i would definitely recommend this!
this doesn't break me out.
i think i'm going to try the nourish lotion next just to see how i like it
u will see a difference if u use it daily
i don't use anything else
not only does it not make me break out
i wanted something without oil
i know not all products work for everyone
sephora has a great return policy if you try it
it doesn't bother that much.
when you don't want to shine
so don't expect that
some other issues my skin started to do funny things again
it still didn't do much
controls my face oil like nothing else
i would definitely recommend this product
i notice that when i use it
i would say it is definitely worth it
think it's ridiculous to pay that much for the amount you get
i'll probably continue to do so because i love it that much
i can't wait to try other products from this br
i still like it
it did not work for her
it does everything it claims to do
this did not cause any issues
the main thing i did not like was that it did not last very long
i did think it was strange there was no spf
t's not an issue for me
i am not too crazy about the smell or the price tag on the product
despite this i will give it another shot because i loved what it did for me
because it's crazy impossible to find something you really like sometimes
if you want something heavier to try on your combo skin
i know not everything works for everyone
you'll be out before you blink.
needed something that won't break me out
my skin didn't go crazy as is my fear when trying out new products
it doesn't make me break out
you can pump out a little or a lot depending on how much you need
even though it didn't absolutely need it
if youre like me
i think it did control oil on my face
i like to try new things
i will say that i try to control the pump a little better because i think a little too much product comes out if you just push all the way
i just can't give it up
there aren't enough good things i can say about this moisturizer
i will never stop using this!
can't live with out it
whatever this stuff is amazingggg
i do not usually review products
please remember to use spf with this product
so you know it works
acne that wouldn't go away is now gone
you need this right now
let me start out by saying i never review products
i would not recommend
what i like about it is that u can wear it under your bb cream
what bothers me is if i have 3-dimensional blemishes that one can see the texture of even while i wear foundation
don't see myself living without this
wanted to give it a try
this product does exactly what it claims to do
if i do get a pimple i notice this helps clear it up faster
"what happened to your face?"
i didn't even want anyone to look at my face it was horrible with or without makeup
so that is why i gave it 4 out of 5 stars
if you were unsure about buying this product then let me say you will absolutely not regret getting it
get this if you've tried everything else like i have
try it and you won't be disappointed.
i just want you guys to know that i go through one bottle in 45 days
if you feel like your face is out of control
this keeps my skin pretty to where i don't even have to wear foundation anymore
it does dry me out if i use it too much
this beats going to the derm every time i have a problem-- must try
i cannot live without it!
good things to say about it
that's why i stopped using them
wowowowowowowowow i did not even have to wait weeks to see results
i've never written a review for anything before
one i won't be without
this doesn't trigger anything bad for me
i figured i might as well try something a little out of my budget
wouldn't use it everyday
this stuff does the trick
i try to only use this when i start to see a breakout happen
i can't say enough good about this product.
because it could really help someone
you may want to do a patch test if you have sensitive skin
i did a lot of research for what i thought would help my acne
which is why i wish i could wear it all the time
did not want to give up on this product just yet
so happy i did not give up!!!
you're not "sensitive" get this
the product says you can use day
you know the bad breakouts that happen during time of the month?
when you know you shouldn't?
if i do get any they're on my face for a day or two then gone
so now i can't live without this
no matter what else i try
or when you feel something starting to come up through your skin
you can see the difference in just 1 week.
as i can only assume every teenager does
this does not dry me out
i tried proactive which did nothing for me.
i don't have a lot
picked at even tho i know your not supposed to
i don't put this all over my face
it's the best and i would definitely recommend!
i decided to try it
after 2 uses i can tell a huge deference on my face
my skin is i would say normal
that you want to diminish
i always know how much product will come out
i highly recommend for anyone who is sick
i couldn't live without this product
it does exactly what it says it does
can't say enough good things!
i could never quiiite rid myself of the bumps
i wish i made this switch wayyyyy sooner
i decided to give it a try
wanted to not have to worry about breakouts
i can honestly say that i don't remember the last time my skin was this nice- maybe never
after awhile it wasn't helping anymore
if i don't find anything that works better ill will be coming back to this
didn't really do much
this doesn't do that
i don't know how they get it to not do that
if i feel something starting
i see a change in my skin if i forget to use it for a day
one bit of advice- don't put it near your eyes.
some people would ask
i cannot find anything that compares
i apply this only to my t zone
are diligent about your sking regime using the kate somerville line you should see results in 1
ok, a little background for you!
then i decided to change my skin
this is how i do it: i only use it before bed
the only downside is that this product will dry your face out like nothing else
i know that when i deviate from this routine my skin starts to act up
don't necessarily think this product is to blame since i normally see zits in those places
dont need much to cover your entire face
the only downside is that you can't tell how much product is left
it is also the only moisturizer i have used that does not make me break out
couldn't get anything to calm my flakiness i just had to deal with it
the price tag smh this is why i left out a star i just don't know if i can keep buying this
one pump really does go a long way
this month i didn't get any
honestly nothing to complain about
i didn't like it at first
one thing that i don't really like about the product is the container it comes in
i feel like it doesn't give me all of the product possible
i decided enough was enough
didn't think i would like it
these are things i wouldn't normally think about
the small details really do make all the difference
try it you will love it.
if anything it has made it look better
i wouldn't say its life changing
this did not irritate me
it should not break me out
let me also tell you
i am not quite sure will it work out for me
it's not too bad once you get used to it
i do not regret it
as well it does not feel heavy or like anything is laying on top of your skin
you don't notice that it's even there
if that makes any sense
i can usually tell right away if i'm gonna like something
i definitely can suck it up
my skin is looking like it did
decided to give it a try again
four stars because i really don't like the container
just let me scoop out the cream myself please!
plus i never know how much product is left in the jar since i can't see inside
i might try though
still doesn't bother me as bad as the container
i will continue to do so
therefore, i decided to give it a try.
it didn't leave a film outside on my skin like others do
i don't know if this will provide any long term skin benefits
i don't think this product is anything special.
i don't know how people could wear it in the day though because it stays greasy for awhile after you put it on
it isn't strong enough to put you off
wondering how i will get the last drop out when the time comes too
as it did for me
because i needed something gentle
which is enough to cover my face you don't need a lot of this product
it doesn't give me any break out or anything at all
i don't even use my serums anymore because i like this so much-- even solo
does what it says!
i couldn't put anything on it until someone suggested this
i never thought a single product could change my skin so much
basically anything you can think of
so do yourself a favor and buy this.
i will admit this doesn't do much in terms of clearing up acne
one thing you do need to know about this cleanser is that it's pretty powerful so make sure you have a good moisturizer
definitely give it a try if you're trying to get rid of unwanted oil
it does everything it says it does and more!
i cannot say enough great things about this cleanser
if you want your face clean
thought i would give it a try.
usually i can keep it nice
this will definitely help you out w/ that
you will want to go w/ another cleanser
another thing that was nice is that you only have to use a small amount to get a lather
for those for you that know milia
i can't place exactly what it is
it reminds me of when you just get out of the shower
not sure how well it works yet
a little goes a long way so you don't have to buy it as often
this cream does everything you would expect it to
i guess that's what you pay for a product that works
am not your typical bad skin person
of course i never tell
i would buy more often but can't justify it.
i am not sure if i am willing to fork out $150 for this cream
i wanted something with anti aging benifiets
i honestly thought this product was not doing anything for my skin until i ran out of it
this is a great product that i can't live without
this one does the job
it doesn't give me a rash.
i don't know what is in this jar
then you can see the true efffectiveness of the products
i usually don't spend this kind of money on cosmetics
you won't be wasting your money.
this is one of those items that you order hoping it doesnt work or you dont like it becaus of the price
then you try it and you love it.
not sure what it would do for heavy lines
try it you'll be hooked
i actually like it
after using the dept store one i now know it did help make my lines look less noticeable
after i got consultant's answer what kind of product i should use
i can't believe my eyes
i sure am going to avoid them
this does exactly what it says it does
just do not get it in your eyes.
i don't have lines yet
can't comment on whether or not it helps with lines
unless i stop using it
also did not bother my very sensitive eyes.
when i say instantly
wanted to try it out for myself
they don't know i've done anything different
i couldnt take it any more so i returned it.
i tried this eye cream not thinking it would do anything more than what i was currently using
i think that clinique's all about eyes would do the same trick
it won't happen overnight
i can't even explain it.
you can use it in the am
after trying many moisturizers i stuck with cetaphill because thats what worked the best
and yes you only need 1-2 drops.
i can't live without it.
anything that would help
while this does not perform miracles
you only need a little so it lasts.
i feel compelled to write one about this product
i would definitely recommend this to everyone to try
can't tell benefits other than moistruization of this product
i'd suggest you try for yourself
i can never really commit to products
nothing about it really bothered me.
it doesn't have to be too much
it does what it claims
you'll need very little.
everyone always asks how i keep my skin perfect
this product is what does it
you must let it absorb for a good couple minutes.
does not break me out
you probably could not use this if you were in a hurry to get out the door
i don't know how i ever lived without this product
i can totally tell a difference when i'm not using it
whenever i try something new i find it doesn't match up to quench
can say with absolute certainty that i'm glad i did
you only need a teeny bit each time.
if that make any sense
(they usually don't do much for me.)
i decided to give it a try
i would recommend it.
i think this is one of those products that you get what you pay for
once you use it
thought i would try it
i don't like using it
just don't like it
i don't think i'd have the same reaction
trying it the first time i was not sure what to expect
i looked exactly what they describe
doesn't matter what the weather is doing
or how many different products i have tried my dry skin just wouldn't go away
i can't wait to try more of the kate products.
it does all that
this does that and then some!
does what it says
if u have overly dry skin or just some areas of your face need help u should use this stuff
this product definitely did the trick
so there's no need for a full pump
once you try this serum its difficult to use anything else
i realize i just need half a pump
definitely give ks a try if you have tricky
everything with any kind of oil breaks me out.
it doesn't break me out
it doesn't do anything weird
you have to try it!
can't live without it
i keep thinking i don't "need" this product
when i overmoisturize it can get "sensitive
you need just a little
but i do like the way it feels on my skin.
have not changed anything else in my regimen
you will never notice it
figured i'd give it a try
at first you think this is greasy but it is not.
can't live without it.
i'll continue to get it because it makes me so happy
i do not try to use it around my eyes
my face does not get irritated by this product
i like it but!
i can't get enough of it
so do not expect it to
get a sample if you’re not sure about this product
i can assure you its great
if you don't use that much water
can't say if this alone would get rid of all my acne
however this time i need to do it so because this cleanser is too good to know alone
let me preface with a few things
i don't see myself changing anytime soon
it does not break me out
cannot imagine life without this feeling
if you read "what it is formulated to do" expect just that lol
does wonders for my face
but not this guy.
i did not expect that.
i cannot say how
even if i just use my h
some people think that's not reason enough to spend $50 on a face wash
you only need a little bit though.
i do mean everything
i can't believe how much this truly cleans my face
i do use this with my clarisonic.
i will ask my friends try this too.
try it and you will love it!
you don't want to strip your skin
you want it to be healthy
this is what it will do.
i still find myself going back to this one
wanted to try something else just because how expensive this is
it doesn't break me out
so i couldn't be bothered to try out new one.
it doesn't really do anything amazing to my skin
for me it still not make me completely satisfied
i don't like it at all
i don't write reviews
decided to try something new
if you follow the directions a little goes a long way
it really does help with any breakouts
i always go back to it!!
i can't do 50$ every 6-8 weeks
ok i dont usually write reviews
get it if you can
the price is totally worth it because you'll be amazed on how much you actually need to use
it does kill me that it's $50
i can't think of one i haven't tried although there probably are some
if you're pondering, just do it.
i did not know about this br
its more than enought
i seriously cannot speak highly enough about this cleanser
i'll never use anything else again.
sometimes you do get what you pay for
regardless of what i try
that is what i really want in a product
gladly used some of my points to get it
you'll have it a long time
i just realized the other day that i don't have blackheads anymore
you can always ask for a little sample at the store if your local sephora carries this br
i don't have to use twice
you don't need much at all to cleanse your face.
i don't think the blue beads in it do much
definitely try this out!
so for this kind of things you need to be patient
i don't use that much of it at all
they don't really do anything
i don't even know what skin type that is
i couldn't bring myself to spend so much money again
any makeup artist in the store familiar with the line will let you know how to properly use it
i didn't want to love it because of its price
doesn't happen with this one.
the oil did not cause any breakout
this does not irritate it at all
doesn't break me out
doesn't break me out
you don't have to use much at all
they don't hold a c
what a lot of people forget is that you always have to keep your h
you must try this cleasing to underst
what i feel about it <3
it does not bother my eyes either.
can't comment on how well it removes it
i did not expect that.
i actually like it
i don't think i would've tried it if it hadn't been for that
let me tell you this stuff is amazing
you seriously only need a tiny bit
you either like it or don't mind it
you must try too
this one did not.
it did not bother me at all
i do recommend going over it with a toner
i wouldn't change this product for any other
couldn't be happier i did.
i know the thought of putting oil on your face sounds crazy
i d message my face long enough then wash it off.
u only need a little bit or it s gonna make your skin extra greasy
u don't want that.
thinking it would save me money
even though it is an oil it does not break me out
i still can't believe when i wash my face
if that is how you wash your face
it does not clean your clarisonic brushhead
the person working at the store said it lasts a while so we'll see
i can't imagine removing make-up without it.
i wish the pump was just different as it's not something you can just throw into your travel bag if you don't have any travel sets on h
it'll get every where with the way the pump is.
i often find it hard to get your h
you see the results in your skin
the only thing is i don't feel like i can wash it off easily
it doesn't make me breakout
does it just get right in there
it doesn't strip off any of the good stuff
i can't rave enough about this specific product
i'll never was with anything else again
i cannot love it more.
even if you have sensitive eyes like me
i wouldnt let that stop you from buying this cleanser
just enough to make sure my h
so you know your skin is getting really clean
since you don't need to use much of the product
so i decided to get this right away.
it does not leave any oil
you only need 1 pump to do it all
this one did not disappoint
we don't want anything harsh
is the only thing i would change about this product if i could
the product description is actually right on point: this does what it says
if you're on the fence, i'd say go for it.
i now can't live without it.
i don't write lots of reviews
i felt i was obligated to mention how great this cleansing oil is
what i like about this oil cleanser:1
i don't know how it works.
i cannot say enough about this line.
well for all you non-believers like me it surely did work
no words can explain how wonderful this product is
try it for yourself :
well worth it if you ask me
no matter what i try
i really want to get it again
i just can not stay away.
no need for anything else.
i tried what seems like all of amorepacific's products
wow i cannot even begin to say how amazing this is
have somebody clean your face for you
does not break me out
will definitly recommend to anyone who has oily skin as i do
i decided to try this one
i tried everything to control it
i don't even try to pick other.
it doesn't feel like i'm wearing anything
does not break me out.
'm not sure why people aren't able to h
the only bad thing i can say about this product is the price
you don't need to put a lot on because just a little bit goes a long way
i don't regret spending the $100 at all
actually do what they are supposed to do
but does the job !
it doesn't bother it at all
if you don't mind spending that much money on a moisturiser than go for it
i didn't even notice this problem
i know some people here don't like the scent
on me at least anyway
highly recommend if you can afford it!
thought to give this product a try
nothing compared to when i don't use this
i didn't expect more from it
i can't imagine switching to anything else now.
don't have access to a sephora anymore i will never stop using this product
if you want to try an excellent moisturizer definitely go for this
i so recommend it to anyone with combination skin
few things i don't like so much
it doesn't seem to break me out
i do wish this product balanced out my combination skin
i hesitate to give it 5 stars because i've used products with better results
decided to try this one
i don't think i can ever go back to anything else
i know people think you are crazy to spend $100 on a moisturizer
i don't know why i did it
i think i would consider it worth it to not have to continue searching for something that makes my skin look amazing
does not break me out in the least
i can not live without this now.
there just isn't anything that comes close
once i've applied it, i can't see or feel it.
i think you will see this all over amorepacific reviews
i didn't think my eyes could look so bright
wouldn't you rather get something that works than keep trying out cream after cream without results?
i don't generally write reviews about anything at all
can't have enough of it
i will never changed my moisturizer again because nothing else comes close
if you're not ready to make the full $100 commitment
you will be convinced!
if you aren't really satisfied
you can just simple bring them back to sephora
i don't mind it but i'm just saying.
i don't even know where to begin!
did not think it would work.
i find pricey does not always mean quality
i don't think it's necessary to buy the face wash
can't get enough of this product
doesn't make me break out
as i frequently used it i didn't see much difference
you won't regret it
i will say that a little goes a long way
just wish it had spf!
why why why is it so expensive??
you might want to switch to the creme version for day
that you only need a little bit to cover your whole face
it doesn't last as long as i would like
what i do like is how my skin feel immediately after i apply this product
you don't need very much of this product.
everything else makes my skin break out
you don't use very much at all to cover your face
didn't make me break out
you only need a little bit
sometimes u dont pay as much
u dont see the difference
you only need a little bit.
it doesn't take much product so the jar should last awhile
if you can afford it then i would recommend it
if you dont like smells then steer clear of this.
it does not have the horrible gel feel.
i never would have payed so much for a moisturizer
i didn't find it to be great for wrinkles.
i don't have any wrinkles yet except for some on-
it didn't really make a difference
get it if you can
i am addicted, nothing else can compare!
i realized many people don't give 5 stars because of the price
i don't have a doubt to return
i could definitely do without the scent
the moisturizer is so amazing i'll take it any way i can get it
you do have to give this time to work though.
don't give up on it!
we know what kind of horrors we face without our much needed beauty sleep
it's good product if you keep using it
your face doesn't like it
u will need one on top of this
basically need a miracle to see any results
they do the job
if you are willing to put in the time this product does wonders
when they say radiance they are not kidding!
anyone who doesn't like the price is obviously not that dedicated to they're skin care routine because to me this is 100% worth it
it did exactly what i needed
a little does go a long way
i think this product will definitely help
otherwise i would give it 5 stars
give it a minute like it says to
this one does what its advertising says it does.
you will never use anything else
can't do without it.
it's the first product that says it does this
i get tons of people telling me i couldn't possibly be 46
i will never go without it agian.
definitely recommend for people with damage like me
did not expect that
'm not sure how it will improve my skin yet
if in your foundation
if i don't use it
i don't know the long term effect yet
i must say that i really like my purchase.
what i can tell you is that my skin feels smoother
i don't typically pay this much for a product).
i really like that you only need a small amount to apply
you don't need much of this serum
am not exactly sure the full impact just this alone
i don't want to risk experimenting with taking anything out of my face regime
if it is doing what i think it is doing
i didn't really have any lines yet
my skin doesn't show it
i got 3 of these simply because i didn't know what else to pick
didn't really think i'd actually use it
i don't know how this would be on oily skin types so get a sample before you buy
all my friend tell me that my skin it looks much better than b4 when i try to use some other product
i didn't see that result
think everyone should use murad product
i mean really bad.
i've tried just about every product out there to make them go away nothing worked
'm not sure if others work better
i gave this one a 5 because it really did work
can tell if i'm really just wishful thinking
you do need to give it a minute or so to absorb
it didn't take too long for me to do that
i really don't like the way the bottle is designed
they haven't completely disappear
at least i didn't experience any break outs
this product does the trick
not sure if it "works"
don't use hope in a jar
i could not believe my eyes!!
i couldn't decide between this
i wouldn't recommend that you use it alone
it'll still do the job
i decided to give it a try
didn't even notice the need for those things
it didn't hurt anymore and was smaller.
recommend it to everyone i know
i didnt know what it really was
finaly i used it to just see what it would do
for some reason this for me just did
one little pump is all you need for your face--two if you do your neck
i won't bother trying any others.
this doesn't irritate it or make me break out
i would like to see murad change the container to allow a view of the product so you'll know when to re-order
this does not irrate my skin
i put it on before anything else
i still cannot believe it.
it is hard to tell when you are running out of serum
make sure to wear spf when you go out in the day.
can't imagine anything better.
i do think a bit firmer
i really didn't know how to take that.
that's how you know it is working :-d
you have no idea how much you have left
didn't know what to do about them
but it did something.
this mask does help me
i didn't think it would work at all
i just happened to have non-sensitive skin i guess
not sure how it works
when you squeeze to get some out you can immediately tell the bottle is only half full
if i do this twice a week i can most definitely see the difference
this is the first product that actually seems to do what it says it does
i don't know how it does it
i can't believe my nose looks the way it does
i simply apply it
it's not a permanent fix, obviously.
i don't know how but it does.
i do not wear any makeup unless i am going out to keep the skin clean
but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do!
just don't forget really using the mask twice per week so you see the result
however, it does last much longer than you think.
i can't be without it
he now refuses to be without it.
some people complain that it doesn't work
it really does work if you are persistent
you shouldn't expect miracles from products
my only gripe is that i run out quickly
let me tell you-i've tried boscia's black peel mask
don't expect to see your skin magically change in just one or two uses
it does take a few tries
he didn't even know that i tried it yet
because it does work
they usually give you enough to try it for a week
didn't use them much until now
want to continue to use it forever
try it you won't regret it!!
couldn't believe how well it worked
does it make a difference
u can get a sample enough to last u weeks before buying
i don't think this stuff is anything spectacular
this product does what its name says
you know its working
which is enough for me to ask for
that doesn't mean women can't use it
if you don't like the idea of committing to a $60 serum
i always notice i have blackheads that just wont go away
so this did take a few weeks to really make them go away
this sucks them right out
i just don't like waiting for it to dry
i find that it does an okay job at what it's supposed to
i won't be without it.
i can get away with it
maybe guys can h
who doesn't do reviews
i might start using it myself!
you won't regret it
didn't go away till i use this
if i could give this 6 stars, i would.
it doesn't matter jackblack products are for man
i can tell you that this serum works
you can tell the difference once you start using it
didn't make me break out.
i guess you get what you pay for
i can honestly see
i know it's supposed to be for men
it was hard to convince my husb
you don't use hardly any at all to do your eye treatment
very tricky to use so that you don't waste any of the
especially when i don't get enough sleep
if not paying attention, you can waste.
you can see the crepeyness
see what happens to my eyes
great product if you want something light
i don't believe it is meant to be used alone
i can tell a difference with this
decided to try this one
i can honestly say it has made a difference!
you wouldn't know it
i love this product and wouldn't be without it.
i prefer this one
you can use it on your fine lines anywhere else
see if i notice a change when i stop using it
i do notice that a little goes a long way
if you get this
i never want to run out
no miracles i expect or receive
i didn't think it would be as good as it has
don't think i'll buy again
i can tell that my other products really do work better
if you want great looking skin
although it's probably not for everyone
it seems like my eyes do not look as tired
you really don't have to use much either.
i would definitely recommend this product!!
i think it was my fault though because i applied too much product cuz i was desperate to see the results
i can really tell the difference
also please i wish people would quit saying you only need a dime size
i truly think unless you have a child's size head you will need more than a dime size
i just have to be truthful so you get a good review
the sooner you start the better in my opinion though even if you don't find the right combo till later
i also believe in never purchasing a high priced skincare item unless you can either return it if it doesn't live up to the high price point or get travel size sample so you can see if it's right for your skin
i don't have a problem using it around my eyes
i might not recommend this
i love this product i can't get enough of it i use the potentcy night repair
so now i will make sure i never run out
let me tell you
i don't know why people are complaining about the price
don't see the difference
i don't think you'll be disappointed
not a huge difference, but it does help.
i will never do without this product!!
i didn't even know i needed a "lift"
couldn't beleive the difference in my skin
wow what was i thinking to not keep using this?
won't make that mistake again.
people cannnot believe how beautiful my face looks
his products do everything-for me-that they claim
if i run our of this
i would recommend this.
i can honestly tell you that my skin looks ten years younger
i don't even notice it
i will get used to it i guess since i like the results
don't get me wrong
see what you think
would recommend it to anyone who wants younger-looking
thought i would give this product a try
it does nto work as the ' instant fillers'
' freezers' there is something else at work here
it does absolutely nothing.
it really does lift your face.
so that's for you to decide
does not break out my sensitive
i certainly see the difference when i run out
i can't complain about the price tag as it was free for me
i can literally feel a difference from where i apply this product
where i do not
i just can't get over how soft
im telling you i have tried most of them
hope you enjoy it as much as i do...
i don't stay loyal to products unless they do their job
i think if they do the job
if you are like me
i really do feel that it's helped to stop the signs of aging
so decided to try it anyway
it does exactly what it promises- i wake up with supple
i would recommend this to anyone who has dry skin
or just simply wants to add a little glow to their skin
it does not irritate me
i find it difficult to spend this much money on a serum without knowing if it'll work
if you use this in t
you will not be disappointed
i could tell the difference immediately when i applied it to my skin
t must be doing something
would reccomend this to every woman out there
it really did have a glow to it
don't hesitate to purchase anything he creates
it does everything it claims, and more.
if i start to have a reaction to anything
delayed buying it again because i thought maybe i didn't really need it or the expense
it doesn't make me break out
you don't need to wait forever to see them
i can't say enough about how wonderufl this product is
if it gives you bang for buck
i am 70, but everyone says i don't look it.
f you are like me
my face doesn't break out at all like it use to
i wanted to try something new
can see the difference immediately if i run out
after you read the directions you will fall in love with this product because it works amazingly on every thing wrong with my skin
thought i would give this product a try
just a tiny, not enough to stop using it.
can't say enough good things
let me start off by telling you that i have consistent acne breakouts
i can feel this stuff working it's magic on my face
okay kidding not clears it, but still!
but i really recommend this for anyone.
let me just say that this is the best acne treatment i have ever used
this stuff completely put a stop to all of that
this product does exactly what it promises.
i recommend it to everyone.
i can not say enough positive things about this product
i've never used anything that works this quick before
if you get a chance to pick this up
i definitely recommend doing so
not so much a mask
you will see results
i don't put it all over just where i have acne
never did i think adding a mask to my regime would help me out so well
i need to get rid of them asap
i can't live without this mask!
t doesn't require a lot of time to add to your routine
i feel that i don't even need them anymore
can't talk about the results yet.
it doesn't break my out at all
do yourself a favor and add this to your bag.
i don't know how this works if you have lots of breakouts or serious acne
will use this whole tube to see what happens
sort of let my acne just take over
which is supposed to give me a glow
that is why i leave it longer
you will see the difference i'm oil
you get a lot more for your money
i don't use this mask every day
use what you think is best for you
so do not overdo it
it does help to clear my skin
it literally makes you feel like you have a new face afterward
i will use this forever!
i love that you don't need much product
unless you're like me
i can definitely tell a difference after i use it
i can definitely tell a difference the day after i use this mask
you don't need much product
if you're on the fence about it
i would definitely give it a try
it does everything it claims to do.
it lasts forever if you're using it once a week or so- i'm about to buy my second tube
i don't think this cleanser is getting enough credit
this stuff does work
i just don't think other people leave this on long enough
when nothing else has
would definitely recommend this product to anyone
let me tell you the reviews were right
i don't usually break out
i wanted to try something new
can't really compare it to anything else
i liked that it was easy to see where you put it on
so you knew what spots you'd missed
it didn't pull out everything
i didn't find it to be drying like others did
i used a moisturizer right after it so maybe that's why
i also can't help
t doesn't take much time out of my day at all
this probably won't do it
i didn't see any magic there.
it never fails me
i don't feel that it is as effective either
not exactly sure how often to use this
though i didn't see instant results
i mean i have to use it everynight
i think anyone who has oily skin or wants something that will really clean out your face
leave it smoother should deffinately give it a try
that is really saying something
plan to steal it so that i can try it myself
figured i'd give it a try
u don't have to use much to cover ur whole face.
i guarantee you'll catch yourself debating the splurge
my face didn't need it
i really want to keep using this
my budget wont allow me that privilege
really wish i could keep using it forever
i really wanted something that was going to "do what it says"
i do not see a big difference in my skin
i am going to try a different cream for awhile
i don't think i could go a night without this cream
ahh what does this product not do?
you only need one pump for your whole face
i do a full face everyday
can't say enough about it, very happy with it:)
i think i finally found something i can settle on
it does not feel like too much or ever greasy
that does not happen all the time
on nights when i don't feel like doing every single step
i decided to use it again
i didn't think any product could improve my already good skin
when you find a product that actually does what it claims
i don't think i can get a better result
together i think that they do wonders.
i am not saying that this will do wonders for everyone like it did for me
i suggest getting a sample first to make sure that it doesn't cause any negative effects before you go
i wasn't expecting to like it as much as i do.
now i dont need to wear a heavy foundation to cover anymore
i couldn't believe the instant results i saw
don't really get why people think it smells bad
i cant say enough good things about this face cream
dont not what i would do with out it.
this product does what it says it will do!
can't really say what it is
i did not break out
it should not bother you at all
this does not irritate.
he asked if i use anything special on my face
you will see results
i am a firm believer in you get what you pay for
not worth the $ because i don't get the results i get with other caudalie products
i didn't realize how effective this cream is until i ran out
no matter how much i love it
i don't even feel the need to apply eye cream- although sometimes i do
your skin will thank you for it
if you can afford it that is
i feel i have found what i want in this cream.
are you really not going to use something that is great just because it smells for a couple minutes?
would either make my skin more red or do absolutely nothing
therefore you don't get all of the product you think you do
this product did not irritate or cause any more bumps
the scent did not bother me as other users have stated
i didn't really believe that any one product could make such a difference
you want to be able to get every last drop of it
i wanted something that would balance my skin
you also do not need to use a lot
you'll see what i'm talking about
i can't imagine any other product giving similar results
i only gave it 4 stars because i does not contain an spf
yes i know i shouldn't pick@myface in the first place
does what it says
i know a lot of you will disagree
i don't think it does anything to my wrinkles
if only i could afford a whole bottle
soooo i go to see how much it is to order it aaaaaaaaa
i cant afford it
i cant afford it at the moment
can't recommend this enough.
no product will work miracles if you don't already take good care of your skin
am always skeptical if things make any difference at all
that i just simply had to write about it
i don't know what the perricone br
i do not find it offensive.
that is exactly why i continue to use it!
i don't know what this stuff is exactly
but my skin *responds* to this like nothing else.
as much as i don't want to
i can't wait to try the other products by perricone
i don't know what miracle is in this
i truly have no idea what they are talking about
it must be specific to the person whether or not you smell it
i don't know exactly what it's doing for my skin
i won't live with out it
not sure what it's doing
let me start off by saying this is not a moisturizer
would you rather have a product that works or one that smells good?
please don't let bad reviews of smell stop you from trying this product
you need so little
it seems to solve any problem anyone has!
i didn't even think about until i read reviews
i wouldn't let that stop you from trying this product
figured i would try it
i never get great results from anything
the only thing that does make me sad about this product is that there is no way i can afford to purchase it
i wouldn't put up with not being happy with it
well anyway the point i am trying to make is if it does what it claims
i think it does
the only reason you are not trying this is because of the claims that it smell terrible then don't let that stop you
all you have to do is ask
if you can get past the smell for 5 minutes
i don't even notice the smell anymore
you get used to it
dont even notice after a while
simply return your product
this is the only moisturizer i have ever used on my face that does not give me an allergic reaction or cause me to break out
it does wonders for my skin
i won't try anything else
no matter how close i get to the pot
or how much i put on my face
omg you could really tell
don't let the reviews about the scent
nothing i tried did anything to resolve it.
not just to me, but to other people.
if you can put up with maybe 15 minutes of unpleasantness
plus you feel a difference.
if you really can't h
but if i can handle it, i think you can too.
my god if you want results this is the product
i/ others really do notice a difference in my skin when i am not using this
obviously i don't want to waste money on non effective products
when i am not using this product i can see my skin is not as clear
can tell a huge difference
it does make everthing look
you should give it a try
so please ignore the people who complain about the fish smell it's the same as when you eat sushi
you won't believe your eyes
i just cannot agree
if you are dry i don't know if it will be enough in the winter months
i do not normally do reviews here
if you are interested, it's worth a try.
my face looks amazing please try you will not be disappointed
if you use as directed, you will see results.
does not bother me
even my boyfriend said he could see a difference.
i don't want to be without it
i will do that gladly
i didn't add anything different then this one product
i know that i don't have a lot of time on the road i can take this one product
as a man i do not know much about beauty products
honestly couldn't care less
i cannot live without it
don't feel guilty about the spending so much money
because everytime i do my mascara i can see a little wrinkle trying to set in
how does it do this?
whatever that means, i have to agree.
one product that does it all.
this product does exactly what it says.
i did not know what to think when i saw it.
i wanted to try it to
and, you just need so little!
wouldn't be without it
let me say i didn't lose my sense of smell in some horrible accident
does not sit on top, which i cannot stand.
i do not like a lot of stuff on my face
as it is supposed to help everything
it just does everything the br
because i am a person who likes to keep my life simple i wanted to keep my skin care regime simple as well
i recommend this product for anyone!
you get used to it
you have to stick it out
meaning the smell of this product is so bad some people do not make it to see results
i didn't look tired or worn out like i normally do
which is what i did
i cant stop touching my face.
i would give it more stars if i could.
to those of you who say not to use this product because you don't like the way it smells
i'd hate to see what kind of things you have in your cabinet
my advice is to give this product a chance
exactly what i wanted.
what it claims to do
if i feel i need a little kick i'll buy the serum as well
can sometimes use it anytime
see what you think
i cant find another product in this price range that i can see a difference like this one
doesn't break me out
i think these things make it pretty special.
i don't really mind
i would recommend this to everyone
btw hit me up if you discover one like that
it is one that i can't live without
it does not make me break out
like o never had them.
the only reason i didn't give this product 5 stars is because it is not quite as moisturizing as i need
i do feel that it's working
we want to see results fast
you just won't see results that fast with this product
if you've got the time
you'll see some results
i can't say if this actually help even your skin tone
i don't know whether or not it evens my skin tone
how can you tell?
it'll be hard to find anything better
i would definitely recommend it.
this stuff does what it says.
you don't need much at all to cover your face
this product it does what it says it does.
it probably has something to do with the spf
it dosent smell bad and it goes on really well.
let it sink it
it does what it says it does
will not go without this!
definitely what i can feel
and this one does all that.
one thing is that you have to give it time!
i know an odd way to describe my face
doesn't break me out
whoa did it do what it stated it would do.
i can't believe that at 39 i am still getting break outs
now when that happens
i could go on and on.....
regret it so much that i didnt try this one first
this stuff really does the trick
it works the best out of anything i have ever tried
believe me i've tried everything
over your whole face because out does the work for you
but yes it works!
you really can't use one without the other.
it does help enough that i will for sure keep using it
i did however see a change in my friends.
i would definitely recommend this product because of the feel of it on your skin
i did not like the performance of the super defense on my skin
i wasn't sure if i'd like it or not
i can't tell if it really is even-ing my skin tone out
'll probably just stick with this moisturizer b/c i like it overall
this won't make you break out as long as you don't use too much
i don't think i have used it long enough to comment on the damage correction
as it was not meeting my needs anymore
i am not in a hurry for change
the produce does excactly what is says it will do
nor did i expect them to be
i would recommend it.
doesn't feel like i'm wearing anything
i actually can tell that my complexion is getting more even
it does what it says it does.
i do not wear foundation
i think that if i continue to use it
i can already tell the difference
t does last a while
this product never makes me break out
i would recommend it
does not make my skin breakout
don't know if it correctly my tone
it sure isn't hurting it
i think sometimes people do not achieve results when you don't use a other exfoliating products to help this work
plus you don't have to use a lot of the product
i don't plan on ever changing again!
maybe it's still too early to tell... 1 week in.
so needless to say it would have to work miracles
i don't know if i will buy anymore at this point
this product does not irritate them
it doesn't happen in sample or even on bottle.
i decide to read reviews before taking it back
i know this is long, but bear with me.
i don't see a difference there
i would definitely recommend it
i think i might be a life-er genifique user!
am starting to notice more bags when i don't get a good night's rest
also it does not irritate my eyes at all.
i am not sure if it does anything for dark circles
at first when you apply it you don't see any change under your eyes
if you let it sit
i tried just about all of them
truthfully i haven't seen that in any product that i have tried
i can't believe how great my skin looks.
i am not sure if it is the product or me because lately i get irritated under my eyes no matter what cream/serum i put on
i don't mind that at all
i won't do a full review of that on here
when you use it once
you can really see its effects
looking at people my age who don't really use eye creams i can see a huge difference
just one week, u can see the difference.
could tell that i did not put it on
it does make a difference!
so let me begin with the basics
i don't see much change in the laugh lines
asking me what i was using
even if they don't
i decided that i didn't really see any difference in my eyes
didn't feel it was worth it
if you think it's not really doing anything for you
i think you will have the same experience i did.
i think it does make me look a little younger
does not really take care of my undereye circles
not sure if i would spend the money again on this
you'll notice a lot more results after doing that
now i can see why
definitely would suggest to anyone.
which didn't do anything for me
i think anyone would be happy with this purchase.
i never get enough sleep
i wouldn't change it for the world
i cannot believe the difference in my eyes
i do not believe in miricles out of a bottle
all i look for is something that doesn't react to my skin poorly
if there are people out there that say it don't work
no matter how much sleep i get or dont get
it does not irritate my eyes
sometimes i don't use any
this is a must try you will not regret
it's true what they say
i don't know that i go for the hype of brighter eyes
i do like the product a lot
you can also aply this over your make-up
you don't need a lot to cover the entire eye.
it does the job.
i did not give it 5 stars because i do feel that it is overpriced
i would definitely try this product!
i am not sure how much help this is
they do not exagerate what this product can do
it does make my skin feel more hydrtated
i think its too soon to tell if its working or not
yes it does works very well indeed would recomend it to anyone
which probably doesn't exist
nothing i was using
can't comment on whether it works for dark circles
make me look tired when i'm not
i recommend it to everyone
now i don't even notice it
so definitely don't give up on this if you try it
it doesn't do miracles on my skin
it doesn't really advertise that
i would never use anything else
don't hesitate to buy this because it really is worth all the hype
they'd either break me out
it does not break me out it is perfect for my sensitive skin
i even stopped using foundation because i don't really need it anymore
was told by pros that's not something a cleanser can defeat alone
i've recommended this to almost everyone i know
you don't need much product
so naturally i decided to give it a try
i don't think i'll ever use anything else
you don't need a lot
you get a lot of bang for your buck
this didn't make me break out at all
it does what it says it does.
at that price, just try it you will thank me
doesn't make me break out
not only does it feel clean
i couldn't believe how soft my skin felt afterwards
i cant tell you enough how this has changed my skin
you really don't have to use a lot
you don't need to use very much for it to be effective
i don't notice it now
i can't believe i found it!
i do not have to rub hard for my makeup to come off
you don't need much for it to work wonders.
i honestly don't know how
the only reason i would give it 4/5
perhaps look somewhere else!
it doesn't break me out
i don't ever really get any blemishes
the only two things i didn't like was a
honestly just does the job
i don't notice anything amazing in this product
if all else fails
this is my go-to
you may want something stronger
i would recommend this product to anyone who needs a basic cleanser that gets the job done without a lot of ridiculous claims
i can feel how clean my face is yet
so, you definitely get your money's worth!
it still doesn't break me out
this doesn't irritate it
if you prefer cruelty free products like i do
definitely recommend if you want simple
i love to use it on some days when i just want a quick cleanse
as far as my nose can tell
i can't tell you how well it removes all my make-up
doesn't irritate it at all
it does what it says
i don't mind it so much
i mean all of it
i actually might come back to it
this does not break me out what so ever
so far i will be honest that i don't see an amazing difference
i don't know if it's because of this product
so don't take my word for facts on that note
it doesn't break me out
until i found this stuff
when i use this stuff
will never use anything else
you're tired of crazy breakouts please do yourself
does what it says-- i would say it is a reliable cleanser
i guess since my skin is not as "sensitive" i don't need a product like this one
i don't know if i've gotten used to it
so you get your money's worth
i recommend trying this out!!!
not sure if anyone wants shiny eyebrows though
i notice the difference now if i go just s few days without it
i can see a difference when i use it before going to bed
it can't do miracles
i can feel it's warming effect when i apply it
how did i not see a review
best thing to do is place it in the fridge to let it cool
hard to say if it really works well or not yet.
i don't even know
you will not be disappointed!
i didn't even think i had any until i started using this product
t's a little pricey for what it actually does for you
it kind of stings when you first apply it
i don't know if i would buy it again
if you are willing to pay the price or have really dark circles under your eyes i would say go for it
i just don't need it that badly
you would never know anymore
do something about fine lines
this product makes me want to try others from the fab br
t has time to do its magic
get it now if you want to look young!!!!
i would say it's making a difference
not sure how to feel about that.
decided to give it a go
don't regret it for one minute
i still did not believe an eye roller could actually work
you'll come to really appreciate this little bottle
nothing else works like this.
i don't travel with out it!
i would definitely order it again
good for under eyes when you don't get enough sleep
it really does what it says it will do
decided to give this product a try
i don't think it even claims to
i would say definitely give it a try
that's how much good it does me
i recomend this eye roller as it did exactly what it said that it would do
i only use them when i feel like it
thought i would try it.
it does give you an awake feel
whatever was there is gone
i didn't feel the need for that when i used this
well it did exactly that.
will probably always want it h
i only wish it would make them disappear entirely
thick don't need them anymore
also doesn't leave you feeling shiny after application if ya know what i mean
not my thing on summeracnes doesn't seem to decrease
would definitely recommend it!
i wouldn't really recommend this because it might not sink into your skin
you have to give it a try
that i don't have to open
t's really hard for me to find products that don't irritate my skin
didn't think to try it since i have combo skin
it doesn't take much either so use sparingly
it'll last a lot longer
you definitely need to use it at night
no matter how oily you are
it doesn't break me out
even helps get rid of it
i never thought i would ever find a way to fix it
don't expect anything to cure them
i don't even care
it instantly takes care of them
then i thought that maybe i should get a better quality moisturizer
i would recommend this to everyone.
it does exactly what it says
you can't go wrong with this-
i will never go back
i urge you to give this product a try
yeah it doesn't make sense to me either
you get a lot of product
does the consistency of this product remind anyone else of noxzema?
or is it just me?
i didn't need something as heavy as this anymore
i honestly can't go without this product in my morning face routine
it did not do the job
it is great because you can put it on before bed
i dont usually write reviews
so definitely recommend it
i think i will always be no matter what "miracle" products i use
it also doesn't make my skin breakout
i can't live without it.
for me the 2 oz is a lot it's bigger than you would think
next time i will probably go for the 8 just because of the screw on lid
make sure to put on a bit more under makeup if you don't use that much normally
i put this stuff on it
would get that one instead of the bigger one if you're trying to save money
i like it so much
i didn't like it as much as i like it now.
i figured out that you just need to rub on your skin a little more
if you are like me
it doesn't even feel like i put anything on.
i dont use it on my face daily as i feel i have to rub it in a bit more than i like on my face
try it, you won't regret it!
don't know how it works with your face
gonna use the tube when i travel
i really didn't see much difference
you get the idea
let it sit like a mask
anyone who is having a bad reaction to something
i really do feel a difference in a matter of a few hours
i highly recommend you to buy this no matter what skin type you are
i just want to give a reference on my skin type
i would never breakout
it doesn't break me out
it really does live up to its claims
as you can see
i didn't have time to proof read it
i know it's gonna last a long while
i only use this at night because it doesn't have spf
looks better then it ever did
i would give this product a try
just what i need
if i use too much
i don't think that i would like this as my primary moisturizer
i stopped using for a while, don't know why.
i will probably not purchase this again unless my skin gets really dry
well they didn't stop working they just started burning my skin like crazy
the only sort of negative is that i dont think it works well under makeup
i love this because it doesn't cause any break out
all i have to say is that i can't say i've noticed this product working
i like this product because it does what it claims to
no idea why it started.
i honestly cannot believe it
you don't realize this does anything at all until you stop using it
i hardly ever get flare ups anymore
doesn't take it all away
when the lady recommended if i just thought what the heck
maybe it's the combination of them all i'm not sure
there is not that much to say except it really works
didn't think it worked
this does not irritate or break me out at all
it does what it promises
'm not going to complain would recommend
there's nothing to be done about it is what i was told
i've never written a review for anything before
com to check out what everyone else had to say about this product
this time it wasn't enough
i don't want to ever be without it
i can see myself grab ing for this often
not everything is going to work for you
you don't know if they had used it or not
don't assume they aren't knowledgeable just because one thing didn't work for you
i wouldn't use this everyday
to see if it actually works
does not get react so easily anymore
this stuff does exactly what it is supposed to do
comments like, "why are you so red?"
you look so different!!"
if you go to sephora store they will give you a sample to try for a few days
i guarantee you'll be back.
i don't make a lot of money
please keep in mind that i do not have any extreme skin conditions
i would encourage you to try it.
i didn't see any change immediately
i don't think i can live without it!
actually feel like i could leave the house without make up
dont need to use my full coverage foundation
this product gives me the ability to do that
i did not expect it to work so well.
can you tell how pumped i am about this!?
but i'm not bothered by that.
i can tell you that this cream is most definitely changing the appearance of my face
even when i am not doing anything extensive
you can play around with it to see how much you will need to use
i can see a difference and my sisters can too.
i don't have full on rosacia
it's not something you can use over makeup
we just don't think we can have this problem
a trip to the dermatolgist didn't do anything
so off to sephora to see what they recommend.
at least i can get a refund if the product doesn't work for me
it doesn't take much
didn't have any issues
don't know how i lived without this
now i can't believe i ever went without it
they don't seem to be as deep.
my face doesn't look the same
could definitely tell a difference
hooray for being able to leave the house without makeup
this may not work as miraculously for everyone else
it does make a different
you do not want to use this every day
i do like this product so far.
it does wonders for me
now i can't go without it!
i can tell a difference
nothing i did would stop them
it is a serum so you don't need much
i must say a little goes a long way
you feel results immediately.
it is hard to use or know how much to use or whether you have it all over
i can always tell a difference when i use it.
i don't usually break out
i can honestly say this changed my skin
none really do anything
it doesn't seem like much until you realize you can cover your whole face with a single drop
you will see a difference
i seriously don't even need foundation.
stop what you're doing and go get it right now!
which only happens if it gets left behind when i stay at a friends etc
though i can honestly use just a warm
i did a lot of research
didn't give me skin any reactions
this really does make you glow!
i can definitely see a change in my fine lines
my skin did need time to adjust
i would say this is a very powerful product so really 1 drop is all that's needed
i wanted something to help treat breakouts
didn't see any results so quickly quit using them
i can really see a difference in my skin
i must say though that it doesn't do much to prevent breakouts
i do recommend this product
s thinking it would make my h
i can say that this product was not irritating to my skin
i did not skip any days
so you need to pay attention to how you dispense it
i do think my skin looks younger
i do agree that this is very thin
didn't want to go to the doctor
i guess you can say a little goes a long way
i don't think that is even relevant
it says that you should use it every other day till you get used to it
then im using other things too
the size of the opening of the bottle i don't believe that you get the promised 1
hope they decide to approve it this time
if you're willing to be patient
i don't really write many reviews
you can start to feel the difference after applying it to your skin
it did help my skin even
i don't write too many reviews
so very angry i didn't sooner
this happens with retinols, though.
does change your skin for the better
it really works, and nothing else does.
i don't know why because it's 1 of very few that has proven to work on my skin
that's rare when you view something regularly to see the change
although it does work
which i recommend so you do not start to peel
i read you can use this under your eyes
i recommend this to anyone!
can't live without it now
this does not at all
i don't usually review
all the gross things-- it's one of those things that you don't notice when i have makeup on
i don't have to worry about breaking out anymore
you should really monitor your use of ahas
i don't have the small bumps on my face anymore
when i do use it
maybe i'm using too much
i decided to try it thinking it would irritate my skin
you can feel it working instantly.
you cannot see them anymore
i can't say much about how well they do with wrinkles because i only have really minimal under eye wrinkles
i don't want to have to go back over with another cleanser
i do not wear a lot of make-up
if this is basically the same thing
it doesn't make me break out at all
does not break me out
i recommend it to everyone
t's not something you'd want to bring when you travel because it will spill
when you compare it to lancome's huille doceur
it just doesn't compare
i only didn't give it 5 stars because i want to try it a little longer to decide if its worth the money
this product does what it says.
but i was definitely wrong!
don't be afraid of the name
just give it a try
you'll know what i'm talking about
wish you could use on eyes.
they do not hold a c
it doesn't feel like you've done anything
as i don't think this is enough to keep my skin balanced
i didn't give it 5 stars because i wish the bottle were bigger
i know this is doing it's job because i rarely see anything now on cotton pads i use for toner
don't be scared by the word "oil."
so much bang for your buck.
i can't speak to that
that there was a way to actually see how much you have left because suddenly one day your pump will just stop dispensing because you're all out of product without warning
if you like it how i do
i do recommend this
totally didn't think about that at first
i can't even tell its on!
it us so worth it
does not cause pores / make me breakout
how about a break guys
if i get extra i do apply to my neck
i hope it helps some of you
i suggest you don't use every day
i can't tell if this is anti-aging
you should make sure the pump works first
it definitely works longer than anything else i've tried
didn't absorb quickly in my opinion
the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars rather than 5 is simply because i don't like how heavy/greasy it feels when you first apply it
while i can't tell if the anti-aging part is working i do feel a slight tightening of my skin when i put it on
error to figure out how much you should use for your skin type
i find that it actually acts like a primer of sorts for my mufe
didn't like the consistency
i don't go a day without it!
even people who generally don't like fragrances of any kind
you can open it up
you've got nothing to lose
their return policy allows for you to find exactly what you need :-
this did not help to control it
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
i feel like it makes you skin feel like it's gonna crack
i seriously can not believe how miraculous this is
think i would have paid double for it now knowing what i know
i am just upset i did not find this sooner!
everyone asked what i did differently because my face had a nice glow
do 'feel' a tightening just cant 'see' it
i would recommend it to anyone that needs to combat the shine
this really does what it says
it doesn't last long
not the case, not for everyone.
this stuff does the trick.
you do not use very much at a time
didn't expect such good results
i do not know yet how effective this product will be
i definately recommend it to someone trying to control oily skin
i don't feel the need for makeup whenever i use dr
its hard to even remember
i don't have any
i can tell that her face looks a lot less grissy
pricey, but you get what you pay for!
pricey, but you get what you pay for.
let me also mention how soft my face feels.
while i don't agree it can work in place of your primer
a little goes a long way so well worth the price if you ask me
people never guess my real age
can't say that i see a difference in my skin
i'd like to try another one of the philosophy products- the miracle lift i think it's called
once you take it out
i dont give this 5 stars just yet because ive only been using it a short time
figured i would try it out
i can honestly say that my skin has never looked or felt better
it doesn't make me break out
can't tell if this is a pricing error or just good luck
said "you look like you're in your mid 40's
whatever you are doing, keep doing it".
i didn't know there was such a product like this.
you do not need a lot.
i do wear it under foundation without a problem
if you're not sure, ask for a sample.
can honestly say that for my skin
this does the trick for me
i would recommend this
i don't need heavy coverage to have an even look
will never use anything else again.
i wasn't able to use this cream when i was prgenant
i am only 18 but i seriously want to buy this.
i will not buy this though because i am not going to spend 60 bucks on something like that
doesn't make me break out
i recommend not to use it while you sleep
i cannot say enough good things about this product
can't say enough about this.
i recommended it don't hesitate buy it
people ask about my skin care routine all the time
t will last you a good while
young women often ask me what i use
i don't do online reviews
now cannot get enough of them
it doesn't take much
this is the answer to all your worries!!
would def recommend them to anyone that's contemplating fillers
you will change your mind :)
can tell the difference in how my skin looks
don't expect huge results though- if you really want to get rid of some wrinkles you need acids
this does not break me out which is a plus :
feels like nothing else i've ever used.
i will never go without this!
the only things i don't like abouit it are the price
otherwise i would have never thought to try it
i will not go without it.
did not like it
if not the best
the person said my forehead doesn't wrinkle hardly at all when i talk or laugh lol
i can't say enough good things about this one!
it really does pay off
it did not break me out.
i sometimes wonder if it truly takes everything off
really does take off the day
i cannot stress enough how amazing this product is
it doesn't burn or hurt in anyway
this is one of the best makeup removers i have ever used wouldn't recommend anything else
since i don't find it really helpful when it comes to my eyes
how anyone could dislike this cleanser
i didn't know how much to use because it was my first time
please i repeat please never stop making this.
i didn't realize how great it is until i used it.
i decided to try this product out
it does the job
my acne did not go away completely however.
i guess because it is oil
make sure your h
your going to like this even more
even your sensitive eye area won't mind it either :
it did not go well for me
this does not break me out
it's an oil type of product so don't be surprised when you pump the product
i don't use either
'm hoping it doesn't get worse
won't use it again
it does not burn my eyes nor does it irritate my skin
i don't know what kind of magic this is
you shouldn't buy this if you want an all in one cleanser
don't get me wrong
i know it doesn't seem like much
think about what happens if next time i go to order they raise the price again?
this product does what it says it will do.
i will say that i try not to use it all over my face
when i used my clarisonic i got really not much more make up off my face
even though i didn't need a full pump
i'd say if you get this
using this did not cause me any breakout
not only does it work like a dream
t doesn't affect my lip skin in any way
this does not clog them
don't be like me
now i wouldn't use anything else as the start of my night time skincare routine
takes everything and i mean everything off.
would definitely recommend it to anyone
no matter your skin type
make sure you follow through the instructions
the only complaint is it doesn't give a cool feeling like i thought
this does the trick
i can't suggest this enough.
don't let the bad reviews fool you.
i would recommend it.
i love how you do not even need to add water at first
just something you may notice upon first use until you figure out how to wash it off correctly
i can't see myself ever giving it up
that did the trick!
what more can you ask?
since i have never used an oil based remover i didn't know what to expect
f you're oily don't be afraid that it says oil
it doesn't break me out
my only problem is that every time i use it no matter how well i keep my eyes shut theres like a film left over my eyes making everything blurry
maybe it is just me.
i dont know about some of the claims this product makes
i totally dont need it
doesn't break me out
it's been a struggle to get her to remove it properly- she doesn't want to take time to do a full-on routine like i do
they write it on the bottle
i will warn you
that does not work
buy the small bottle to try it out for yourself.
dang does it work well
i loathe having to remove it
making sure it won't dry me out any more
you'll still see results
i don't know why i waited so long to get it
i can already tell there's a difference.
i think i'm going to stick with it for awhile
i cant already tell a slight difference
i cannot imagine using anything else
it is so gentle that you might think it isn't working
i don't believe i'll pick up anything else
that didn't happen to me at all
i normally don't leave reviews
it would not stop
it didn't do much
i don't get breakouts anymore
i can't even remember the last time i had a pimple
do not pass this up!
you don't need much product at all
that i thought i would never find a solution
great things to say about this except don't expect this to work overnight
of course that's not what it's really meant to do
can't hold it to it :
for the life of me i couldn't figure out what was going on
i like it so far
i don't break out anymore
it's the only thing i would swear by it does take a little while to see change on the skin
this product actually don't feel that way.
not sure if it's the murad
didn't want to like a more expensive one
you don't see results the day after
you don't need to use a lot
you won't see results the next day
the thing i love about this product is that it doesn't dry out my face
nothing else worked before this.
wow, how did i not find this product sooner?
the bottle will last you forever
i do like this product
proactiv just isn't working anymore
decided to give this a try
just know that using this cleanser you wont get any noticeable results in the first couple of weeks
i cannot say enough about how much i love this cleanser
i will never stop using it
do you have stubborn pimples that just won't go away?
i recommend trying this
not when i was 13
this does not do either
it doesn't break me out
nothing seemed to do the trick
i decided to try this because of the reviews
they don't turn into anything bigger
i promise you it wasnt
at that time it didn't work for me
i decided to give murad a try again
with anything like this
no matter how much of the stuff i used it still didn't clear up my acne like it did before
i vowed that no matter how sick i felt
hey atleast it's doing what it claims to do
i feel like it gets it all off
i believe this is it
i didn't know what to expect, but wow!!!
i didn't know if it would last though
didn't want to drag the whole bottle with me
i definitely recommend this one
s that did not help before i gave murad a try
they do wonders for my skin
i without a doubt recommend
i can definitely see a difference
i hope this helps someone else give it a shot too
i normally don't write reviews
i would definitely recommend to anyone that has sensitive skin
you do not need a lot as it spreads because of it's texture
when you put it on
i can't believe it!
they rave about this as much as i do
suggest any and all to give it a try.
if you're using this
which i didn't think i needed
'm curious to see how it would perform on someone 20+ years older than i
i may try it on my 72 y
i however don't like the way it dispenses hard to see where it comes out
one suggestion i would make- i would like to know the level in the vial before i run out
i can see some laugh line minimization
i knew if i wasn't satisfied it could be returned to sephora no questions asked which i think is an amazing policy
did nothing for me
liked the serum enough that i was willing to find something else for the daytime
you can actually see
i can see a difference
i can tell it's working
a mask u can see the effects of it right away:
first let me say i am one of those people who truly believe that no creme will really do anything
i decided to try it
i didn't the feel of it on my face
because of the good reviews i decided to try it out
i agree with everything in the description of this product
did not have it
i apply it again
think i must be doing something right
i know that not everyone will have the same results as i do
saying it doesn't work is not giving it enough time for the results to show
sure wish it did not cost so much
it does do what it says it will
is that is doesn't seem to be doing anything permanent for my wrinkles
not sure if i am willing to spend over $100 on this product
the product is good because of the price i do not think i will order it again
actually does exactly what it says it will do
maybe i should save the 150 bucks evry month
don't get me wrong
i'll buy it again because i'm insane about my skin
what's they make it out of to make it cost so much?
for the first time in i don't know how long
so what the heck
that's what ptr said the product would do
that is what happened to my skin
you can feel it working
don't expect miracles if you're skin is super-damaged by age
i can't speak about wrikles cuz i don't have any really
i can't believe i'm going to drop $150 on this
i don't mind paying top dollar for a product if it works like this one does
not everyone can afford a serum this expensive
i don't think i'll repurchase unless some good stuff happens
they say i look less tired
that's the only negative thing i have to say.
it's the only thing he asks for from sephora
definitely going to have to get it again
does not feel at all heavy on my face
it doesn't make me break out at all
it's the only one that doesn't break me out
this does it all
goes on very smooth so you don't need a lot.
doesn't break you out or anything.
i suggest you only use it at night.
otherwise this is my go to
if you're super dry it might not do too much for you
it does the job
seems to do the same thing
it doesn't break me out
it doesn't go on heavy or greasie
if you don't want to break the bank
this cream does what it says
this probably isn't for you
i couldn't tell if this was because my skin was so dry that it needed help
skin that turns red if you just look at me the wrong way
it does exactly what i need it to do!
the best part it doesn't break me out
this one is just enough and doesn't break me out.
it tends to not get every single bits of it
doesn't make me break out
it doesn't do the job for the winter time
it doesn't not irritate it at all
it doesn't break me out
the best face cream and i didn't react to it!!!!!
she swears by it and won't use anything else.
doesn't make me break out
it did not have any bad reactions to this product
i do recommend it to everybody :)
you don't have to wait around before applying make up
this does just that.
it doesn't really give me a glow
or do anything special to my skin
you don't have to wait to apply makeup
i feel like the more i use it the better my skin gets
i can't say enough great things about fab's products
i can say i owe 90% of that to fab's
this definitely did the trick for a long time
it does exactly what it claims.
i think sephora asks for reviews too soon
it doesn't make my skin react, which is good.
i does what the description says
you have to do it quickly because it does dry rather fast
dont have that feeling that i put anything on my skin
use this during the day because i think it does not interfere with makeup
it does not make me oily at all
you probably won't be into it
hardly got any sleep
they didn't seem to work
it's so hard to know if they will ever do anything over time
it does what it say it would do
kind of forgot about it
i don't use it all the time
when i want to look refreshed for a special occasion this serum does the trick
i don't think it was as good as some of the reviews
i think i could write a book or blog about them
i do use it in the morning too if i am not in a rush
it is a wonderful 2 minute routine before applying makeup if you want to feel refreshed
does exactly as advertised.
could do without it
i don't believe anything will change the natural shape of my eyes
for what it is, i haven't found anything better.
i don't think this is it
can't live without this one.
for the price of this product you can't go wrong.
if you're using this to try
it's probably not going to help
it actually makes them feel better
if you want to fight the signs of aging
i cannot do without this product.
is what it does for my bags
i cannot go out without this.
i guarantee you will see them
i figured i should start to kick myself
let me tell you
if you even remotely feel like your eyes need a 1up
this hasn't bothered me it all
just couldn't find anything that helped
it seemed as if i just couldn't manage enough sleep at night
this stuff really works, no kidding!
i really can see a difference
it does what it says.
i don't know if this is because i love make up
who knows if it does any real good
so don't use them
my eyes don't look tired in the morning anymore.
because i wasn't sure how it would do on my bags
i dont know how it does it
before you'll see results
i can't believe this actually works!!!
i never use it
i decide to try new things
i tried them all.
when i don't use this
that's how i know this does what i want it to do.
think it will be nice going through another horrendous winter in chicago
i guess that's what happens as you get older
you don't look old enough to be doing this."
you will literally see your lines disappear
if that makes any sense
rarely even use it anymore
don't have anything to compare this product to
my skin looks how it did when i was 20
i wish i could afford this stuff
i think if you have a problem with wrinkles
i dont have that problem yet
this does not bother me at all
i truly didn't see immediate results
the one thing i can truly notice is my pores are so much less obvious
decided to try it anyway
that's all i needed to go buy the whole bottle.
see what it does in just a few days
i can't wait to see what it will do in the long-term
what i don't like is the pump.
i either end up not getting enough serum or too much
i just don't know that it is that much better for the extra money
if you can afford it
this is the only product you will need for your skin
if you're expecting a miracle in jar
i don't feel like i have anything on my face
im not a person to recommend much
itdoes everything that it says it does for your skin
this is so good i almost can't stand it!
then i will gladly order this product
i don't feel the need to wear makeup every time i think of leaving the house
do not yet see changes
it does everything it promises.
you really do see results almost instantly.
i don't know why it would make me look thinner
a miracle, i tell you!
this one did not do that.
it does not absorb as fast as i would like
doesn't break me out or feel too heavy.
this does the trick
i can barely feel anything on my face at all
i would recommend this to anyone with the same combination skin as myself
f you continue to use it the results will be there even when you miss an application
i like it so far
it does everything it claims to do
this does it like no other
i only use it on my t-zone
make you sure you purchase the pro youth
i decided to give this one a try
i read enough reviews of this product to think that it was going to be a great night cream for me
on days where there is well enough cloud cover that i know i don't have to think about it
let me tell you that i am very sensitive to smells
i don't know about that
as you can see ladies i could not find anything negative about my new love
you will not regret give a try
i don't even need foundation with this
you will not be disappointed!
it does the job
t is sure to last me a long time
it doesn't feel like you have spf on your face
you never need to reapply
i could not find anything that would make my skin smooth
i do want to point out that this is 1
i can't see any improvement yet
you do not need to use a lot
i hardly react to things
i know i probably shouldn't
for some reason i haven't gotten black heads or any type of blemish even tho this is all i'm using
we all tend to stay up whether we need to or not
i did like the shiseido
it did not help with my fine lines
i decided to go with this product…
wouldn't go a day without these
you don't need to use a lot of cream
have nothing bad to say though
you don't have to use much at all.
i did not notice any difference when using this product
i won't change this unless they stop making it.
this cream can do everything for me!
i didn't have any issues with it.
i don't need to use much at all
it is not for me
i recommend it to anyone!
made me believe eye cream really does make a difference
don't use too much on each application or you'll waste it
because you can feel it lifting
those don't do anything
again because its exactly what i need so
at night i want something richer
dont need to use much.
i decided to just go for rich
the only thing reason why i didnt give it 5 stars is because it starting to "peel"
i didn't want anything too harsh on my skin
since i'm only 19 i didn't need any anti-wrinkle stuff
tried it before i knew exactly all that it did
then you get way too much product out
this was a lot of money to spend on something i wasn't convinced would work
anytime i try something else i always return.
make up actually applies easier and doesn't run
cannot believe how magical this product is
i could tell the difference right away
i think this does lighten them slightly
i don't have them
i didn't get any of that with this dior cream
it does sting a little if you get it too close to your eyes
for that reason i don't think its the ideal product for me
doesn't do anything for my fine lines
i didn't have any issues at all
i definitely did not get burned
you don't need much of it
t is hard to tell if it has any affect on that
i like the dior product they got rid of better
i actually love a certain aspect of this product- it is perfect for mornings when you are going to apply makeup
i can definitely see how it's a problem
it's not a problem if you have an extra 5 minutes before you apply makeup
" which doesn't really help the situation
which didn't even do much for me
i do not like the packaging.
at first i didn't notice anything too special about this eye cream
i recommend this to anyone and everyone.
you couldn't tell by looking at my eyes
i do not see any dark circles too obviously either
my lines do not st
i won't be going back.
it wasn't anything serious
when it comes to skin care i only run out when i love using it
that is why my skin
i don't know if my skin got used to it or if i've just gone as far as i can with this product
i no longer see a difference between when i use it or don't
i found myself trying something else
i really didn't want to try it because i thought it would be too expensive for me
my skin wasn't bad before necessarily
even if you don't have major skin problems
was not sure what to expect
i do not find that serums seem to do much
not only did it not break me out or irritate my skin at all
this is a must to have if you want clear
i dnt know how i will ever do without this serum
i just don't know if it did anything to my overall appearance
how it does it i don't know
if you can afford it
i can't recommend this enough
i always come back to it.
would never go without makeup ever
for those who suffer from breakouts i'll let you know it didn't give me any
firstly, let me say that this is not a serum.
this did not break me out
i don't know why, but this cleared my acne up.
when i did try it
whatever you think is wrong with your skin
bad news, you will never find it.
my skin definitely wasn't the same without it
i don't care cuz in the long run it will keep me looking young
i can honestly say that they have made a difference in my skin
i couldn't ask for more!!
its really all you need after you cleanse.
i do not often write reviews
i do not often buy expensive skin care
i would recommend this to anyone who is about to give up on the notion of clear skin
it seems to do nothing about my pores :
why do you use makeup?
their serum either does absolutely nothing or stings
i can't wait to see how my skin looks after continued use of this
i can't say enough good things about this
i know some folks complain about the alcohol content
i would prefer not to pay this much for a glorified toner
i just tried it
i can't believe the results i'm seeing
i just wanted to say that i don't use this product my self
i dont know what is in this product
i don't say that very often
i figured since i had the 15% off i would try thinking
i can't wait to see what happens the longer i use it
try it that way
lets just say i was more than hesitant to try this as i am a die hard perricone skin care user
not wanting to push my love for perricone aside
it does what it says.
even if i don't
i do see a difference in how my makeup goes on afer that
you can never go wrong with dior
hopefully you'll enjoy this.
could tell if it was this product vs
you don't have to wonder if it's working
i really wanted to see if it was worth it
it actually does them now
you don't have to use much either
i even find my makeup goes on a lot easier
i do not require as much
i don't even wear foundation now
i can't go on enough about how much i love this product
i thk if use a product long time forget see results
truth is should keep using so can do it's job
its does say in the insert that if goes deep down
you will see results right away
i only do it when i feel strongly about something
along with other benefits you want to see for your skin
i am telling you its worth it.
your skin will look flawless you may not even need foundation anymore
if you need it and can afford it: get it.
i cannot tell whether it actually makes any difference in the results of the other products i use
once i used it there is no way i can ignore the benefit or skip for a day
this product really changed my thinking on what dior can really do
did not make me break-out
you do break out a bit at first
i won't go without it
you know what i mean
my skin does look better before i apply make
i would like to know if im applying too much because my make up looks caky today
im pretty sure that if i would of kept using it it
decided to just try it
t does get a little dry for me
i do see a difference
this product did not make me break out
nor did it stop the breakouts either
it does all it says
i would definitely recommend this product.
it didn't affect me at all
it just takes a drop to do my whole face
i wonder why did i wait so long
didn't think it was anything to write home about
unless i knew it somehow worked
not only does it go on light
it does exactly what it claims to do
i never can seem to put it on at night
i hardly ever write reviews
i knew that sephora had an awesome return policy if it did not work out for me
figured this might make me break out
i wanted to try it so bad because of all of the great reviews
i can't believe i haven't reviewed this before.
you will not be disappointed
i don't even think about my face!
didn't irritate at all
i don't know why i made the jump to grab this from the shelf
i would recommend this product to anyone!
i did not expect it to make the difference it has
does exactly what he says it will
want to see how it does when used twicee a day
i dont have any wrinkle problem
it's enough to drive me crazy because i've never had to deal with this before in my whole life
it lasts because you do not need a lot of it
i believe this was exactly that
we will spend the money we shouldn't to get a little natural glow
your face is what people see first
why, why, why did i try this product.
and i am not gonna buy it again any time soon.
i decided to give it an honest review
i wish i could afford it.
what i found interesting was that i did not get any pimples whilst using it
did not work for me
just not enough for my skin
i dont think that they underst
does not begin to compare
i didn't want to review one
not sure but i am trying it again.
i don't know why someone would need such a huge jar of eye cream to begin with?
let it do its magic for about 10-15 minutes
i couldn't figure out what it was
not as quickly as you'd like
usually i never want to apply another product after i have cheat-cleaned my face that way
i don't want to miss an application time
you don't want a thing messed with in this formulation—even its low tide
i got a sample of this because i didn't want to blow $98 on something that i wasn't sure i liked
the product is so amazing you won't even care
i don't think i could go without it now
i do think the jar will last me quite awhile.
i won't usually write reviews
and it won't help me, nor does it help anyone.
if i don't use it my eyes look terrible
no one can change my mind about it
this product does it all
do not be afraid to buy due to the so-called smell
you cannot go wrong
while i do not have any crazy wrinkles yet
i can only smell it when i am first applying it
then i would try it out
check if you can h
i can see a difference
didn't want to spend that kind of money without trying it out first
do not let the smell stop you from using it.
you use so little of it
it works so well that it doesn't matter
did not give it a second thought
i cannot afford to be without it
honestly this product gives me incentive to do so
this doesn't bother me at all
i can tell you that this cream really works
if you want something to tame your dark circles
i wondered if i had been crazy to spend so much on eye cream
it is something i noticed works over time which is good because then i know it is really working instead of just faking it
the fine lines would be worse if i didn't use it.
we all know the reason
this primer does what it is suppose to do.
it seemed to happen overnite
i really really really suggest you get his cream--your eyes deserve it
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
this does not smell good however it works so well that i am willing to overlook it
can't say it has done anything to improve the dark circles yet
you see results really fast
work so well that i would not want dr perricone to change a thing about this eye creme
if you want an eye cream that does it all this is it
you need very little
i did see results
i wish it would change
i can see a big
i think i've gotten used to it
if you can suck it up in the name of looking amazing
know i cant get rid of wrinkles i already have
it does take care of the fine lines the way it said it would
some people might not like the smell so do give it a wiff before buying
i’m careful not to let myself run out of it
they tell me how great my skin looks
it does not bother my eyes at all
can't say enough great things about this product
definately should sleep alone with this one on.
10 minutes of dealing with the stink is acceptable if i can get good results
i think i do see a difference around my eyes.
i would definitely recommend giving it a try.
i've done it all trying to get rid of them.
i can really tell the diffense in my bags!
i love how you can put it all around the eye
i like this well enough
i give it an a+
you do not need much
i don't think so
it hasn't really done anything for texture
i feel like if you let it sit for just a minute it gets absorbed into your skin
you get every last bit out of it
i really recommend it if you have some dark spots
doesn't make me break out
it does not make me feel greasy
which is why i really like this one
i can't believe that this somehow missed my attention
it doesn't take much to cover my whole face.
after 5+ years of using i can say it does would it promises
doesn't do me any real favors
it does the job
people can't believe that i am over 30--whenever i put this on
it's just what i need
so, we tried 3 on my hand and i chose this....
only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars is because i do feel it's too heavy to be used in the summer
what more can you ask for?
i don't know how they do it
now i can't imagine using anything else
i didn't realize how much i needed it until i ran out
so many spf products break me out that i'm scared of trying them
i really like this product because it did not make me break out
but it does its job.
overall i cannot say that it does all the things that it claims to do
product that does what it says
which is exactly what i need
really can't say enough good stuff about it
gotta be careful with what i use on my face
it feels so good when people now say oh you have beautiful skin you dont know anything about breaking out
i don't wear any foundation anymore which a year ago i thought i wouldn't dare to go out without makeup
i will not longer use anything else
this doesn't break me out and it has spf 30.
it never makes me break out
i know that i'm doing something to protect my skin
this one did not
it doesn't really smell like anything which i find to be a bonus
i love the fact that it doesn't feel like there is a sunscreen in it
wasn't sure at first whether to get it or not
make sure it's something else
you do not see the difference right away
if you are not sure about this product
i can't say enough about how great this lotion is
i can't really say its helped to clear up my skin
i would give 5 stars
doesn't break me out
does not contain the awful
please don't change the formula.
i would not recommend this for anyone with dry skin
wanted something that does double duty
trust me i've tried just about all of them
so for a start let me just complain about all the weirdest things that my skin is
the fact that i can't see how much product is left
i don't feel a thing after i put it on
also, it does not have spf anything.
what more can i say than i didn't already say in my title?
why do i need it
i found out that you really do need it
i usually like to get in
couldn't bring myself to spend that much
i can't wait to try more of this line!
you really don't need much
this does exactly what it says it will!
not going to kill your skin
i can't put into words how much i love this product
don't get me wrong, i really like this cleanser.
i don't get those huge pimples anymore.
but it does not remove make up!!
then i lose all the product
not anymore thanks to this stuff
it doesn't give me that dry
which makes me break out even more lol
you can feel the medication working
i wanted to try a new
told the lady that i needed something that really needed to work as i was trying to get myself off of proactiv
was really afraid that my skin was going to have a freak out
decided to give it a try
doesn't break it out
i would really recommend anyone suffering from skin issues to give this a try
i never want to be without this!
i really can't argue
i will not know what to do!!
t can do its magic
please don't ever stop carrying this!!
it's still my go to whenever my skin starts to misbehave
i can't say enough how much i love this moisturizer
whenever i try something else
i think even if i go back to my old clinique cleanser
it does the job it is supposed to do
i decided to choose this one
it will do wonders
since i have started using it i don't anymore
the only thing that i don't like too much is the smell
a must-have if you haven't tried yet
i recommend you try it
there are a lot of women stating that it leaves a film on your face or it doesn't take off your makeup
give this cleaner a chance it could totally change your face
don't think it does anything for my pores.
i wasn't sure what to make of it at first
i definitely notice a difference in my skin when i don't use this product
any age, guys or gals-we all use this now.
i really like this product however i don't know if i'll be repurchasing
you can see how much product you have left
yet the pump doesn't dispense anything
i don't think you're getting your money's worth.
this is a can't live without product for me.
it does what it says
it does look like it's going to last me a while so we'll see :
i didn't like it at first
i would reccomend it to everyone
i didn't think i had sensitive skin before this
now knowing i do
many failed or just "ok" cleansers this is the absolute best
ren obviously knows what their doing
i can use it with my clarisonic
i can tell it's doing something
everytime i try another cleanser my skin doesn't feel quite right
i decided to give this a try
better than anything else i've tried
would recommend this to everyone !
i send everyone to sephora who asks what's my secret
i recommend you give it a chance because it's good stuff
if nothing improves i may try something new
this didn't irritate it at all
that does not compare to this at all
does not break out my skin.
can't remember what i really thought about it before this
i don't use it all over my skin anymore
it did not make me break out
does not cause any break outs
cannot say enough good things about this!
i do not mind as i do not break out
not sure how well it actually does against fighting blemishes though
you know what i mean?
want to make sure it is safe without certain ingridents i don't like
i can agree that it's not enough moisture sometimes
i don't know what it is about this stuff
don't change anything else in my skincare routine
will see how it goes.
i feel like it has not done anything for my acne
i can't begin to say how much i love this product
i don't ever see myself switching from this.
this is one product that does not irritate my skin
it does take time
doesn't break me out more.
i don't always use it bcuz i do feel like i wake up with oily looking skin
i dont think this product is suppose to do this
this didn't make my makeup move around either.
i cannot recommend this enough.
so you can get better results
if you need something light
i could go on forever
lol if you're skeptical about this product i promise you will not be disappointed
you don't waste any product
if i have to be picky about it
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars
gonna make me break out
never thought it would happen.
everything else stated above
what does it do for me?
when i do get them
this does not break me out
does so much more
i can't tell if it's done anything to help decrease pigment
you still feel it's doing its job
i don't break out either
i could go on and on!
my main point: it does what it says it will do
not only does it do all of these things
i honestly don't think i ever have.
i can't believe how well this works.
i would recommend this to anyone.
you will find nothing better.
you won't ever want to use anything else again
i can't wait to put this stuff on at night
i don't usually write reviews
i think i'll be okay going out without make-up on now
the clearcalm cleanser to see if it would make a difference
i don't have words for how wonderful it is to look in the mirror
it does exactly what it says it does.
i don't expect a moisturizer to do that really
decided to give this one a try
use correctly an ut will work wonders
where you wonder if it's actually going to do anything
shh...don't tell him.
i wanted something that would help me fight blemishes during the night
it feels good upon application- you'll be able to tell if you miss a spot
it does what it claims
try it out for yourself first to see if it drys your skin out completely or not
can't believe all the negative reviews on this
see all the gross stuff you’re supposed to be able to see
i would try something else
easy to apply plus it doesn't hurt at all when you remove it
just not the one i wanted
would recommend for sure!
i don't know how i feel about it yet
you can put it far from your eyes if you want.
i think there is a misconception about what the mask does though
i read other reviews about it hurting when you peel it off
i didn't find it painful at all
well i will say it obviously hurts like a donkeys
you get used to it.
you can't expect something to pull your dirt
especially if like me you have sensitive
you can find them anywhere
i really like this product because it doesn't irritate my skin
it doesn't hurt to peel off like the online videos show
this makes it easy to see where you've applied it
see if it can grab a tad more
you will see results
take a look at your skin you will see results
sephora was kind enough to give me a sample to try to mask before investing
the only reason this is getting four stars is i don't feel you get enough masks out of the bottle
i do see results when i use this.
i would definitely recommend it
i can't recommend it more.
cannot go wrong with this black mask.
you can tel "boscia" does a really good job with all of there products☺️
doesn't hurt at all.
he didn't have a problem with it either
can't believe how gross my skin is lol i dont have high sensitive skin
didn't really pay much attention to it
will see how this turns out
maybe it's not for everyone since some reviews are that it doesn't work
don't forget you can try a product
return it if it isn't for you
i recommend you try!
this feels better then anything i have used
please keep this in the ole line
the spf is why i use it
and it didn't break me out.
i just don't want it on my skin
it does help my skin
i can see a difference
if i had to compare it to anything i've used before
i always go back because it never fails.
this doesn't give me any issues
a lot of people don't think to protect that area of the skin
cant find that one any more
you won't regret it
you will feel this in your skin.
not expecting much, i tried it as a primer.
this one did not
so not only does it do pretty well as a primer
how that might not be for everybody
it does all it promises to do
doesn't bother me at all
i could see why it might bother some
i like this when i put it on
guess i shouldn't use it at night
it doesn't come better than this.
i could feel the difference
otherwise, i really do like the cream.
"i can't believe you are 58
what do you do to your skin?"
i do very little, but i do us ole henriksen.
what more could you want?
i didn't know what to do
because it couldn't get any worse
i can't believe my eyes
i can't tell you how insane my skin transformation has been just using the truth revealed cream twice a day
it doesn't cause a reaction
decided i would try for a week to see what happened
i don't feel the product
i probably won't buy it again because of the smell
so that's a step i don't need with this product
can't say enough good things about it.
what it does to my face
it's great alone or under make up.
what i do is dot it all over my face
i think i will see what i think about the results after i finish the jar
so don't be scared away
make sure you know how your skin reacts before shelling out the bucks
don't let the spf's white film fool you
that's what i do
take my word for it.
i don't use it often
what more can a girl ask for.
google them--i bet you have
don't get me wrong
wanted something with spf
if that doesn't bother you then this really is a wonderful cream
this is what i recommend when people ask me what i use
it does exactly what it says
with this product you don't even know you have sun block on
let me tell you
wanted to know what i was using
what woman doesn't want to hear that?
would definitely say you get a bang for your buck with this
you can see a difference after just one use.
i happen to need a new serum so i got this one.
which doesn't happen that much
it doesn't make me break out.
i can not stop using it
i didn't notice too much.
my only suggestion would be to put this on directly after you wash you face- i've found that if i put my toner on prior to this i don't get the same results
i normally do not like clinique products
tried something else for awhile
don't want to add to my existing skin issues
i find my skin does look
not sure if i would purchase it again right away unless i noticed my skin was really missing it
it has a tendency to pill up if you apply even the slightest bit of make-up
stick to night time wear and you won't go wrong.
i will not go without again
you might find something new that works better for you now
not only does my face feel
i can for sure feel the difference in my skin
i am willing to give it a try
clinique does not train us to claim that
if you want to h
not even think twice
could not see any difference to my skin
all you ladies out there, please try this!
i can't say yet that it has made them disappear
they can't identify what it is
can't say if it really delivers what it promises to
why not give it a try
you need to buy this if you want to fade age spots
can't find anything for pores that works
you will see a difference
can't say enough about this
the only thing i am wondering is why the new bottle's serum is a different color
i can tell a difference in how my skins feels already
i can assure you that your skin will feel softer
don't buy if you think your wrinkles will disappear
you'll see and feel the difference.
i would say that my skin has really never looked this good
i always wonder if i'm just seeing things or if a product is truly working
not that there is anything wrong with them
i need all the help i can get
i cannot speak to anti-aging as i do not yet have wrinkles
i didn't know anything about the product prior to purchase
which is not something i do normally
so far i like it
i can say that i really like.
honestly can't write anything bad about
if you want to see some improvements in texture
and now i'm not going without this!
it should not disappoint
not only did my skin look a heck of a lot better
if you are younger why are you even trying this???
you never know what kind of treasures you will come across
it didn't promise too many miracles
i do feel my skin is looking better
lets just say there is not a single product in this world that i can actually use the word love for
there's probably nothing that will take away some of my deeper wrinkles
i won't go without it.
you just need a little bit.
you can read my review i wrote on both of them.
do you suppose the three of them don't work well together?
i can't write a bad review cause i'm sure that they will work for others
believe it or not
i can't go a night without it.
6 months if you play it right
you won't need to apply much of it
it does take a moment to absorb.
f you are in a hurry to apply eye makeup you'll need to wait
this is not for you
you need to use very little.
try it - you won't be sorry.
please try this you will never be sorry.
i am not sure that i have used this long enough to give a proper review
i cannot say that it really helps my under eye wrinkles
maybe i am using too much product?
i don't know about the age-delaying part
i don't like this one
i still give it 5 stars because it does what i want it to do
i can't stop using it
i can't wait to get this stuff on my face each am
so much so that i kindof want to try the regular face cream even though i probably don't need it
this product does the trick.
you only need a little
you do have to wait awhile before you put any makeup on
unless i find something i like better
you might not want to buy this product just because of its scent
if you are okay with it
a little bit goes a long way- i wouldn't be suprised if it took me a year to finish this jar
you do not need to use much
when i add make-up it would make me look old
can't wait to try more from this line.
i don't mind spending lots of change for something that works :
i don't think those qualify as "fine" at this point
it's not a "cure" but i do love how it feels.
either they wouldn't work at all or they would work wonders
no matter what i tried
i didn't have a lot of hope for this product
can't wait to try other products from this br
and did i forget to mention how big the jar is ?
you really don't need much at all
this is not heavy nor does it break me out
you don't have to use a lot
if i don't apply anything to my face it does get shiny
it doesn't bother me
doesn't feel like your wearing it
normally i don't give a product five stars
this has everything i want
i get asked all the time what i use
the only thing i don't love about this product is the price
if you can afford it
i don't think that you'll be disappointed
you can feel it as soon as you use it.
i decided to give it a try
what i love about this is you don't need much at all
this will last you awhile bc not much is needed when using it
don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
just a tip: if you try this
i wish i can post a picture of how little amount we get
can show you guys
even if it didn't it would still be totally worth the $72
investing in good skin care is something i don't mind
it made me realize how great moisturizer should feel
once applied you don't feel it
it's not going to change your skin
it doesn't claim to do that
i would definitely recommend.
i do not use this in the am as my moisturizer because i don't like how my foundation sits on top of it
i can't get enough
if they aren't going to work for me that's usually why
i know this isn't meant for the eyes
you don't need much either it's been 3 months
if you struggle with dark circles you should definitely pick up a sample of this
it has given me a radiance that i didn't expect.
i do not have breakout prone skin
i took off one star because it doesn't really do much else other than moisturize
does not make me break out
this does just that.
now i will never buy anything else
i won't ever switch.
i can tell it works as advertised
you'd never know it because of this product
once you feel it there is no going back.
you don't have to use a lot
otherwise i find myself always going back to this cleanser
pumping once wasn't enough for me since i like to make sure i am using enough product
i would say why not, give it a try.
this does not hurt your eyes at all so you can take makeup
never learned what it meant to really really cleanse my skin
i will never use anything else.
i will use this forever!
decided to switch because i like to change things up
i am not switching to anything else.
i think people are being silly when they expect a cleanser like this to completely remove makerup
i do think its a little expensive
i can't speak for the rest that didn't work for them
i would recommend this to give it a try.
this is also good if you don't want to wear primer
even though i won't be using it
this did not work for me anymore
i did not breakout to this.
was a little hesitant to try because i was afraid i would be too sensitive to it
why haven't i ever tried this?!
guess it was time.
i don't think i'll be running out soon
you don't need much to go all over your face
my skin is sensitive so whenever i try a new product it's a gamble
i don't think anything can ever help/prevent that
it's starting to get warm in sd so we'll see if i'll get versatility with this or will have to switch for the summer
i didn't want to use it at all cause my skin is very sensitive
i decided why not
i didn't think it was going to work for me at all
can't live without it
every night before bed if your thinking about just take a chance you won't regret it
the only bad thing about it that i see is that it makes my blemishes extra red when i put it on
i can see a difference
have not broken out or anything at all
light but does the job.
it does not absorb as fast as i would like.
i actually like it
if you know what i mean
asked what i was using
you do not have to use very much
i cannot get enough
i didn't really like it
i usually do not apply any make up cover ups
you definitely get what you paid for.
simply can't live without it.
it just wasn’t the right one for me
in fact if you over do it you may get greasy
i definitely see a difference when i use this
it does not have any smell which will not make eyes uncomfortable
can not imagine going without it
i can not tell you how many products i have used that you spend a fortune on just to have your concealer
it does what it says
this eye cream does exactly what it says
doesn't leave anything behind!
i don't really see big difference
you need hardly any product to get the job done-
not your whole face
i don't think i would buy it next time
it is $$ however it can last you forever because the puniest amount does wonders for your eyes
i didn't know what they were
they wouldn't go away!
i didn't start using this cream expecting it to do anything for them
i didn't realize how dry they use to be until i started using this
t will last me forever
which this did not do anything for
i couldn't even take a selfie without having to photoshop the lines out of my eyes anymore
i notice when i do not use it.
this didn't irritate them at all
i would give this 5 stars
i don't notice any skin care benefits
it was good enough i didn't return it
it's now to the point where i can barely see them
don't mind paying more for something that works
this one really does the trick for what i want
doesn't give me milia
it is absolutely true that you need to change your eye cream as you age--in my mid 20s this provides preventative hydration without all the extra "stuff" i don't need yet
this doesn't bother them either
don't need anti aging just yet
i don't know if i've just been using it too long
i don't write a lot of reviews
you only need a little bit
at my sephora they don't carry it
've nothing to compare it to
soon forget that i did
this one did not!
it won't do much for circles or lines
not sure it's doing anything for my crows feet
thought why not see if an eye cream would solve my issue
my eyes bother me a bit
can't go with out
i do really like this eye cream, but.
i think to those that don't like it try to keep it away from your eye ball area
i definitely do not regret it
it does everything that the description says.
you need this in your life!
i suggest everyone should use this awesome product
this product does not do that
now that i've tried this one i feel like i can't ever use anything else
won't ever be without it.
let me tell you it is the best thing ever
can become flaky if i dont take care of them
doesn't seem to break me out anymore than my usual
cannot ask for anymore than that
i would definitely recommend this product for any type of skin
got exactly what i wanted
you don't have to use much
i don't think i'll ever buy any other cleanser
you don't need to use much at all
you'd be surprised at how much sticks to the inside
this product does not cause
decided to give them a go
so let me tell you
won't be without it!
but this one actually does!
em with a very rich moisturiser has been then only thing that has helped me get a h
i can say that it is my all time favourite skin care product
decided to give it a try
sadly it doesn't work for me anymore
you won't regret it
you need to know that this does not have a sunscreen in it
i can't even think of one bad thing to say about this moisturizer
it doesn't break me out
plus you don't really want a high amount of spf in there anyways
if i remember correctly
she didn't want to change it
i can't even tell its on
i simply can not live without this lotion
this doesn't add any shine to my tzone
so it can really add up price wise.
i totally recommend this to anyone!
doesn't make me break out
you can't tell that this is oil-free
can't go without it
what more can you as for
i don't think he'll ever stop
im not even half way done with it
you don't really need a lot of product to apply to your whole face
always regret when i try something in its place
i don't know what bobbi puts in this
i've had people ask me what i'm doing differently because my skin looks great
let me tell you
i do believe it is oil free or they say it broke them out which i think it's probably out of every 200 ppl who try this likely one is going to say they think it broke them out
i don't know if this is what was the cause
though definitely doesn't make my makeup last longer or my skin look more even
i know the price may immediately turn you away from this product
don't let that stop you from buying it
i don't trust a lot of skin products
bobbi brown never fails to impress me!
let it set awhile
you don't need a lot to cover the whole face
doesn't feel like anything is on my face
i truly recommend getting a sample at sephora to see how it works with your skin type
since we all know we can return stuff we don't like
doesn't break me out
it does not make me break out
i know everyone else has said it does not work well for them
like actually right now
you do not need a lot of the product.
i stay away from it if i'm gonna go light on products
this one is for when you are gonna go ham
don't want to look dry when you set
i know everyone's skin is different
i can't wait to see what this does to my skin over time
i feel like this jar will last forever!
this might not be for you
i've never tried something like it.
can't wait to see how my skin looks after using it for awhile
and you don't need to use much at all.
this does not do that at all
doesn't make me break out
i don't know how
i can't get enough of this stuff!
definitely didn't need another one
i couldn't lie to myself anymore
im not sure if i would buy it myself cause it is so expensive
i need to use this if i want to have flawless looking skin
i did not break out.
i don't know what it is about this
this also does not break me out
you don't need a whole lot of product
if you're reading this bobbi
a little goes a long way so don't let the sticker price deter you
i don't even have to touch up anymore!!
do it you won't be sorry
i can't be without it
and can we please talk about the fragrance!!
can't live without it
you can really see a difference on the skin
i recommend this to everyone!
i don't even use a face primer anymore
there's nothing better you can for your face pre-makeup than applying this to your face
this doesn't cause me to breakout out at all
i cannot love this enough.
i don't think it necessarily prolongs my foundation wear
i can get used to it
i can't find it anywhere else anymore
can we just talk about this for a hot minute?
it didn't take me long to underst
i think i can still get another month or 2 out of it
would recommend this to everyone!!
wouldn't be without it
i will say this
i do not think it helps my makeup last longer
it does help it go on better
i didn't think it was so much better than any other primer
it didn't do much for me as far as oil control
i recommend this to everyone!
no matter what primer
i don't think it makes my make up last longer per say
i don't normally spend this kind of money on any beauty products
i couldn't ask for more.
i really recommend this to anybody with oily or combination skin
this primer is so good, i had to write about it.
i regret not getting it sooner
not to say its not good
i honestly feel you get what you pay for
however not everyone will love it
this won't be for everyone
don't expect this to help
see how that goes
i can't live without this in winter.
i don't think i'll use anything else.
don't have enough good things to say about this product
i normally dont write reviews
couldn't imagine anything would replace that
only thing i don't like is the price.
does seem to sit on the skin
not sure why they do that?
i don't normally write reviews
i actually like it
they just won't break me out
i can't believe how soft
i know it is because of this face oil.
which i can't even bring myself to downstar it over
i only mention it so the bb people will hopefully get the message
i do not like the packaging.
i really hope sephora wouldn't make such a mistake
but i was wrong!
really want to bring it with me
i can't recommend this face oil enough.
an absolute must if you live in a cold
can't be without it.
if you are dry then i think u can use it everyday
if you are anything like me
i don't know that this is worth $60 which is why i give it 4 stars
does not break me out
not to mention it can
this is great if you've had a 'long night'
don't put too much on
i will see how it does in the heat
i wish i could cover my whole body in it!
i would give it 10 stars!
thought i would give it a try
i don't feel as if i need as much foundation as i normally wear
i always go back to this product because it really does work
not sure if it did anything for my dark circles
there just isn't anything better for my dry
if it's any consolation people still ask me if i'm in my twenties
i love this product because you can keep putting it on
i personally don't mind that
must have can't live without.
how did i ever live without it???
i've notice a difference if i forget to wear it to sleep or in the day
you don't need to use a lot of this eye cream
this isn't for you probably
this does the trick
this did it and then some.
i won't use anything else.
i definitely notice a difference when i don't use it :
you only need to use a little
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
couldn't live without it!
you hardly need any to cover your entire eye area so you're definitely getting your money's worth
i really didn't want to pay this much for an eye cream
it doesn't take long
it really does do what it promises
as do any fine lines
the only thing i can complain about is the price
thought i would give it a try
it really is the do-it-all eye product
i don't think i'll ever use any thing else.
i can already tell a difference
i didn't get this for fine lines
you don't need much
try it for 90 days and see if you don't agree.
if you do not read directions as i do not
i did not experience any problem when i put on cheeks
so maybe you can save money somewhere else
when you're applying it
it does irritate it
just let it sit on your eye bags
do not let it slide beyond it because it does irritate your skin
i dont feel anything else other than moisturizing
what can i say?
cannot live without it
hate to see what i would look like if i did not use it
think a little bit about all the money you are going to spend
i didn't realize how much i needed
try it ... you'll like it!
i would recommend this eye cream for anyone interested in trying it
i’m glad i can now get it at sephora
you can't notice it at all
i can not be without this...it literally.
i mean it can not b without it.. buy ot try it.
there are so many products out there that don't do what they say they will do
this isn't one of them
it does exactly what it says it will.
this product does the job though
i don't know what makes this potion work
you can see before
t know if overall helps
this stuff does work.
it does not diminish all lines that's why i rated a 4
you have to try this.
it does what it says it will do.
you will not think you are using enough-
this is a product i would not only recommend
i would recommend this to everyone!
do not seem to have a problem with the white stuff
then do not move your face for a few minutes.
don't push too hard though
it did not work
you could probably even skip the airbrush part
oh yes i do use this on my neck also
once you get it mastered you will love it
on my way to the sephora now to get a bigger tube lol
ladies go grab yourself a bottle its the best thing you can do for yourself
nothing you "can't h
just make sure that after you put it on
you go look in the mirror
(if people would read them, they'd see that!
it does everything it claims!!
decisively where you want it
it really works if you know how to use it
i find if i use too much or dont rub it in i will have residue
if in doubt about the cost get a sa at sephora to give you a sample
you'll know immediately if you like it or not
if you do it right your face will look flawless
the last thing you want is to do something to your beautiful eyeballs
you could always ask sephora employee which they are really lovely to give a sample for the eyes
use half of what you think you should use.
this product really does the trick
no one would ever know
when i get it right
i am not sure what the difference is
you just have to use it exactly as they say you should
take this advice: don't walk around for years in your youth with that pout look on your face
read the reviews & decided to try it out.
asking me how i stay so young looking
you will have the same experience i did
this product did not hurt me or create any redness what so ever
you may have to play with it a bit before you get it just right
i couldn't see my lines
i could see them
this product does exactly what it says it will do
so maybe there's stuff out there for more that works better
this product did not budge
it didn't even look like i'd been crying
i think i will keep getting this product.
i don't apply it all over
it doesn't take much, either.
it doesn't seem to affect the instant firmx
forth whether or not to get botox
you cannot put anything
they do exactly what they say they will do
don't use too much
it delivers what it says it will do for your face
this is a product that does what it says it will
you do have to work with this
you'll have to play with it to find what works for you
i hope this review doesn't scare anyone away because this is a great temporary solution for a beautiful
if you over apply
you will get the white
i couldn't believe how my skin responded
i want to clear up any misconceptions
how some people say it cannot be used with a moisturizer is crazy
then apply what you want
if you put on a bit too much
t see instant results like some other reviews mention
if you put on too much you will have a white film on your skin
it does what it promises
can't imagine being without it
this product does exactly what it says it will do
if you use too much
it does make your wrinkles go away
i tell you what
you use so little
what do you know
a product that actually does what it claims
this is a great product if you temporarily want to get rid of lines
this does exactly what it claims to do
it does exactly what it says it will do.
you don't have to be over 40 to appreciate what this product does
make sure you follow the instructions to the letter
if you use a lot of this
when you want to look your best
dont be without it
can't live without this!
this product definetly does exactly what it claims to do
people need to realize you need to wash this off after using
you can do your whole face or just certain areas.
as everyone else said in reviews if you apply to much you will get the white residue
once you get past the learning curve you won't want to be without it
does exactly what it says.
if you experiment with it
you can eliminate this
i do feel the difference in my skin
you do need time to do this right.
if i even disturb it the bags come back
i would recommend this to anyone with extreme wrinkles that want results
it didn't go away completely
it does what it says it does
i did not expect this to work
i do not use it on my entire face
maybe they used too much
you have to try it just once
you won't be able to complete your daily routine without it
this product does what it promises.
i didn't want a serum that i'd need to mortgage my house for
1/2-1 pump is all you need for your face
i honestly didn't think it would do anything
decided to give it a try
unfortunately that oil doesn't work well for me anymore
cant live without them
my skin does not react badly to it
can't tell yet if it firms my skin maybe too early only about a week
doesn't make me break out
this does what it claims
it's not magic so don't expect results in one day
my only problem is why did sephora take such an outst
i would not use anything else
that's not why i use it
can't really speak to that
i just don't get it.
just because it's sensitive doesn't mean everyone will have the same experiences
i don't feel like a product should get a bad rating for having fragrance
if you don't like certain ingredients
why' use it and then complain.
this did exactly what it said.
if may not work for everyone
this did not aggravate my face
did not break me out
it doesn't feel sticky or anything
it still does the job
it did not make me shiny
it's definitely something that i would purchase in a heartbeat
if you do get this keep it far from your eyes.
i would definitely recommend trying it out
not sure if this is supposed to do anything along these lines
no clue if anyone else has experienced this or if this has anything to do with it
it does the job
it doesn't wow me neither in texture nor effect
can i give this 6 stars?
nothing i could find helped me at all
i would recommend this to everyone i know.
that is what i really like about it
nothing bothersome or that will break you out
i couldn't really tell
this product didn't upset the natural order of things at all
the only reason for 4 stars it does seem it isn't all the way full :/ other than that it's great
this did absolutely nothing for my skin
not sure if that's what it's supposed to do
i don't want to try out anything else
i just wanted to make everyone aware that you are paying 18 bucks more for this product
want to make you aware because its not cool that sephora is ripping people off by this much
i know this isn't from normal routine because i rarely break out
i would still recommend trying it because if it does work for you its an amazing product
it does not irritate or break me out
it doesn't matter your skin type
this seems to be the only product that doesn't make me break out
didn't find any problems with it
i recommend it for anyone who wants glowing skin
sure enough i got myself a full size.
you just need a little bit
i don't feel it on my face
you don't need a lot of it to make a difference with your skin
if i don't put anything on it becomes very dry
i guess it really depends on your skin.
i don't think i would use this in the summer
nothing you can't h
i tried a lot of stuff from sephora so this is # 1 for me
i can hear your skin
the only thing that can h
i don't know if i'll repurchase the product because i want to get my h
just decided to give it to me
i wish they could do something about it
i would get this again!
this is exactly what i need.
if you feel like splurging, try this out.
it certainly isn't harming my face
doesn't break me out
it does not irritate my skin or break me out.
this is for you
i do like the product
i dont have time for that
if you can afford it
this product really did what it says it would do.
i decided to solve it my own way
can't tell if i broke out because of it or not.
it does not cause break outs
it does everything promised
the fact that it doesn't make me breakout
somehow my skin just didn't feel as firm
wouldn't cause me to break out
i wasn't really sure what all that meant
while i can't be sure
i hope it's doing all it claims to do
i didn't have any lines
i do my best to take care of it
so that doesn't help
i know i need to go ahead
i don't need foundation
this seriously made me not need it
which i can hardly ever say
can in any way afford this product
not sure if it's helped
once he sees the full effect i'm sure he'll be ok with it can't wait to get more
honestly wasn't sure what to expect
what i don't like is that it doesn't cover completely
i wear this alone
not under or over anything
not enough for it to bother me
i could tell the difference on my skin
i put it on before going out in the sun when i don't want to wear any makeup
the only problem i have with this product is that it does tend to pill if you rub it in too much
will "roll" if you apply anything over it
f you're sitting inside all day don't bother using it
i think it's too soon to tell if this product is all it claims to be
"what are you doing for your skin?
now i can see the difference
so i figured i'd try it out.
pt does not break me out
i don't spend much time in the sun anyway
don't need spf all the time
we'll see how that goes
i can't say enough good things about it.
only downside is it does make you shiny
if you use too much it starts to pill
i don't know how it works but it works for me.
wasn't sure about using it
my face didn't look so great
that really expensive cream didn't do anything for breakouts
said why not try it
this is a great product to try as a sample if you can get it
so far i like it
one i don't like to wear
it did not do that
i don't even wait the few moments recommended to apply makeup
this one didn't cause me any problems
i don't know if it is really improving my skin
however i can't use it anywhere i am oily.
so not really using it where i wanted to
it won't work better/faster if you apply more
keep trying until you find the amount that's right for you
i do agree that the product inside is not great
nobody asked me if i'm tired anymore.
asked me one day if i was doing something different because my eyes didn't look as tired or puffy
a price you can't beat too.
this product can only do so much
i don't use it daily
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
to be honest i didn't have much expect on depuff eye gel very much
i can tell you that i'm not a very good morning person
this does give me a wider-awake
i would definitely recommend!
i would definitely recommend applying it twice a day rather than just once a day or whenever you feel like it
one trick i learned that really seems to help is right after you apply it
try it, you won't regret it!
it did absolutely nothing for me
i couldn't believe the difference!
it doesn't really seem to do that
sometimes i don't get enough sleep
i love using this because it does what it says it will
although they don't go away completely
it does an ok job of that
if you suffer from puff you have to own this
s that didn't work i thought why not try it
please don't ever delete this product from your line
i do feel it is helping
well i have to say it does what it claims.
i don't get a lot of sleep
this helps make me look like i got all 9 hours !
i guess at my age, i need something stronger.
i don't know if it actually does anything for eye puffiness
i can't imagine my life before it!
can't imagine my life without it!
i will problaby never use anything else.
it does exactly what it says it will do
for all of you that want scent free
don't take me wrong
"don't worry if you don't like it
you can always return it
my words, "ok, may i have a sample for now."
doesn't do anything for my eye circles
i will say not to expect miracles.
this is only an eye gel and can help oh so much.
can't get enough of this
did not do one thing
let me say that it works miracles
has not let me down.
this lets you have no reason to not have youthful
if you use as instructed
you will see results
i am not sure i would call this product "instant
it really does seem to catch the light
i would try it for sure.
t doesn't work as well?
just a shame it didn't continue to work for me as such
that nothing else could fix
didn't react at all
believe when i say it is so subtle
you don't need too much
i can't explain it.
didn't try it until recently
i decided to give it a try
i hope they didn't make it smell like that on purpose
you definitely get the bang for your buck
i wasn't so sure about it
nothing did the trick
it doesn't break the bank- so you may continue to feed your addiction
you don't need a lot
it does the job
it would just bother me to get a sephora br
i definitely recommend everyone should try this
i found this and figured i'd give it a try.
it doesn't take a lot of product to cover my whole face
it does what it claims to.
you don't need a ton of product to get good results
this one i could afford.
this does the trick.
this absolutely did the trick
will not make you breakout
can't wait to have the full version of this product
i recommend it to anyone that will listen
i don't know why.
i really like how this feels on my skin when i apply it
i like it that much
i am about to order a new one because i don't think i can try anything else out after this
leaving that "overly hydrated" feel on your face -- you know what i'm talking about
would not give it up
it does more than what it says
i can't get enough!!!
not only did this moisturizer not break me out
i can apply my make up right away.
the only thing i would like better
i can't say enough great things about this product
i honestly have no idea what i would do if sephora ever stopped producing any part of this line
you can't go wrong.
find it does everything it says
decided to try this guy out
it doesn't bother me i like the smell it makes me feel pretty
i think i just might make the switch from my usual
i don't have to use very much for it to go a long way
it does the job.
i decided to give this product a try.
i couldn't believe it.
i never take time to write reviews
this product is so good i decided to do write one
i didn't realize how amazing the shiseido eye cream was until i stopped using it
if it doesn't work for you in could be your diet
you shouldn't expect an overnight cream to fix something that could've been prevented
i normally don't write reviews
i would recommend it.
i would recommend this to anyone.
i wanted to not like this for $130
could convince myself that something that expensive was not worth it
i really do see a difference
i'll try something new only to realize shiseido has it right
i would like something more
does not really live up to it's claims in my opinion
it's nice to buy something that actually does what it says
she couldn't believe the difference from the cream
i want to give it a few more weeks to see if i turn cartwheels
i do not use alot on my eye area
not sure why you couldn't use the benefiance for these areas too
so i figured.. what the hay!
which i knew i would get
"don't use too much
it's really the only one you need
you really do get what you pay for here
i've never used anything by caudalie.
this is lovely if can afford it
i particularly don't like how when i use the pump
i definitely do see the difference
i heard that you have to prevent them
i don't think think i'm ready to commit to $99 cream for the foreseeable future
i love it so much i should probably just buy the full thing
that doesn't leave your eyes look worse on a day that you forget to put it on
it does the trick
you definitely don't need a full pump of this product for your eyes
so maybe you should too
if you've tried everything
i would absolutely recommend it
i tell myself that something less expensive will work just as well
when i'm using this stuff
didn't do a good job of making it look natural
know i will have this for awhile
you feel better the moment you apply
i love when i find a product that does what it says it will do
if you're not sure about it
your skin will thank you for this as we age.
i can't wait to use this every day to see the long term effects
i can tell they are worse when i won't leave the house without underage concealer
get a sample and see if it works for you.
you don't even need a full pump for both eyes!
give it a try, you can always return it!
finally found the one that actually does what it says
who doesn't really notice much about my appearance
or at least doesn't comment on it
the only thing it does not do is take down puffiness
the pump does put out too much if you're not careful
i don't even have to wear any concealer i don't even remember how bad my bags were because this product was that good
not only did this cream feel good going on
i surely won't be returning this
i decided to try it on thinking what the heck do i have to lose
makes me want to try other caudalie products now.
from what i do know about this product
i am still going to try others
so don't press all the way down as you'll get 2 days worth on your finger
i don't like the fact that it's in a pump dispenser as you are never able to get all the cream out
you can snip it to get the rest of your product out
why would you write a review
well, what do i expect at my age?
i want to see before my product runs out
can't do without this product.
if you don't mind paying for the best
i don't believe anything will completely reverse undereye circles
i simply haven't found anything else that compares
disappointed in how little you get in the bottle.
i've tried other products and they can't compare.
what i've learned is that you must stick to a night
day regime if you want the best results
did not absorb quickly nor do anything like the first bottle did
this eye cream does everything it promises to do.
i don't think i will ever use another eye cream!
it does what it says
my only criticism is you have to be careful you don't over-pump out too much product
i can see why because the eye cream
do, i presume, it brightens, too.
don't even buy a eye primer anymore
it just because i don't want to age!!!
i love it and would recommend it for anyone.
i can't wait to try more of caudalie's line now!
won't name it here
i needed to go to something gentle in a hurry
didn't realize i wore that much until i used this stuff
you may want your face to feel that way when you cleanse
i don't normally spend this much on face products
i like it, but i'm not sure if it's worth $40.
i do like that it's gentle enough to use around your eyes
express the fear that if you put oil on your face it will make it break out
it didn't even come close to doing for me what this product has done
i won't miss you.
this stuff does it.
this one does it all ladies
i really don't know what else to say
oh perhaps i did like the previous packaging better
not the case anymore.
for some reason nothing else worked
i don't need much either.
where do they get the money?
from all the great reviews figured for what it's worth maybe i'd give it a try
i couldn't get it off my mind the smooth
didn't think i would like it
would definitely recommend either product
thought probably not enough
doesn't break me out
doesn't cause me to break out
thought i would give this a try
i dont see or feel the dry skin anymore!
you wouldn't need to wash your h
doesn't make me break out
i am waiting to see if it will break me out.
if i wear this consistently i tend to break out
will transform your skin into everything you've ever wanted it to be
it doesn't happen often
with this product i actually can see a difference
i like that it has spf as you can never have too much of that :
not sure it does anything for my wrinkles
i don't mind that
i do let it absorb for about 2-3 minutes before i start applying anything else to my face
just wait a couple of minutes if you can to start your beauty regimen
i still got it to try
so far i like it.
didn't notice it until i read it on the product's box
it's the first moisturizer i've ever used that did not break me out
if i do say so myself
this product doesn't bother my eyes at all
at first i did not like the consistency
it doesn't make me look any younger
i think it does
but one thing i do not like is the scent.
then i quickly forget
i wont switch again!
it does not seem to cause me any acnes too.
just because you put a higher price tag on something doesn't necessarily mean it's better
i couldn't bring myself to spend the money
you get what you pay for
it does what it says it will.
obviously it can't compare to the other cream
like all other korean products it does what it says it will do
i don't really mind if it sits there for a bit
i can't speak on that as my circles are not too bad
this one does not.
you need very little
this product does everything it says it does.
i think im more willing to out sans foundation now
can allow myself to get this
i can really see a difference in my lines
really didn't expect much
doesn't feel or go on like a gel
but i think this might be it.
i don't usually do reviews, but here it goes.
got a sample because i am always trying to not buy until i make sure i don't react to it
don't let the small size fool you
you don't need much at all
didn't think much about it
or even try it
take years off you or anything
what it does do is give you that well-rested look you get after having been on vacation a few days--something i really
it doesn't bother my skin at all
i'd definitely recommend giving this a try
i can't wait to see how my eyes looks in 4
i think amorepacific eye treatment does a better job
'm not sure if it really helps with fine lines or dark circles
it'll last you a good while
i suggest going into sephora
i wish it did more for my dark circles
shiseido benefiance does not absorb on me
until i was just like okay woman what did you do to your eyes
she was like nothing
my makeup is the same as i always do i just have been using this cream you got me
i can't put a finger on what it is
i believe this product has something to do with it
though my boyfriend insists that my dark circles are lighter i just don't see the difference anymore
think that i can write a fair review now
i can't say i see a difference
i swear i can see a difference in the skin below my eyes
it doesn't bother me or my make up
which sephora doesn't carry so can't introduce here
don't let the price scare you
just can not live without it
you can really see the difference once you stop using this
the container doesn't matter to me
it's the product that does the work
once you try it
i finally found the perfect one that does exactly what it says it does
if youre like me
this is what you need
a great item you should try
when you apply it
i couldn't decide whether to order it because it was so expensive
if it doesn't last a long time
can really see a difference if i get lazy
don't know if this product helps with those
it does not irritate
it doesn't break me out
i don't know what the exact problem was
es to this product help bring out the best in you
i can't explain the feel
i do think this made a difference
anyone who cares about their skin
you must try this product
it does what it says and then some!
you must own this!
this cream really does make me like more awake
i can't live without it
it doesn't take very much
what more can i say?
really don't expect any eye cream to perform miracles
that does not happen with this product
i can't say enough about this eye gel.
i really recommend that one
if i may say so
i can't really say anything about the results.
or just someone who wants to treat themselves
this product makes me want to use it all the time
just as it does your skin
i can't get over this product!
i don't like the price tag so for that reason i will stick to my hope in a jar
it doesn't take much
i didn't need to use a lot.
it is pricey, but you don't need to use a lot.
not only does it give my skin a shine
i've never had botox because i don't need it!!
now i barely have anything
i did notice that it wasn't doing much for my super fine lines on my forehead
it should last me awhile
never tried anything quite like it.
would never pay this much on a cream unless i really could afford it
i don't think i'd ever spend $150 on this
i desperately wish it wasn't so expensive because i'd happily use this every day
you don't need to use a lot so the jar lasted me about 5 months
i would definitely recommend getting it!
i think that it is so worth it
this doesn't bother me at all
you don't get very much for your money
i don't really notice it at all
that just didn't do anything spectacular for my skin
i really didn't see what the hype was about.
doesn't just sit on my face
i wouldn't really recommend this one since it can feel a bit "greasy" at times
i am taking off one star because it's not a product that i feel like i "must" use
now i cannot live without this cream
you don't need a lot at all
for me this is the one holy grail item that i absolutely cannot live without
you do get what you pay for
i know the ingredients in the product is what you're paying for
it's too much what i was planning to spend.
but what you pay is what you get.
you only need a little bit- it can be strong if you use too much
wasn't happy with any of them
because once you figure out how it opens :
t does make the skin look good
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
she decided to let me use a little bit of it
it's great because with the product you will know for sure if it'll work for you before you make that big purchase
you don't need to apply much at all
you have to try this product!
if it reacted to it this way then it's going to help me
whatever is in it etc
we'll see how i feel at the end of the bottle if i stick with this
can't say enough good things about it
i really don't plan to ever be without this product
he usually doesn't notice anything of the sort
you get used to it
i don't know what it is about bamboo
when you break down what you're getting
this product did not make my combination
it really does what it promises.
i don't know how they did it
i am not sure why there is alcohol in this product
i probably do not need an added eye cream
i barely need anything on my face
i can use almost nothing on my skin now
time on trying to make your face look like it is glowing
when it is not
that you only need a little bit to cover your whole face
you only need a little bit
t will last you a while
cannot say enough about this product
did i mention my face is incredibly clear
i can't believe the difference in my skin
would 100% recommend this product to anyone
you try this once
so much so that you can barely see it when i wear foundation
while i didn't feel much tightening going on
my skin did actually feel better
i don't know that i'd buy it
too soon to tell if it's a "must have"
i just use whole set amorep' it really works if you can afford
im still not sure that its worth $100
i finally look like a normal person
as i did not expect it to work so quickly
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the price
at first i was unsure about this product because i didn't see
not because i don't use other products for that
i can tell a difference w how my makeup looks now
it's not one of those things that u expect to work overnight
i recommend to anyone that is worried about the size of their pores
if you don't have it on
then i don't notice much of a difference
we'll see in a week if it works on her or not.
i can't help touching it
what took me so long to discover you?
now i can't live without you hehehehe
just using this product alone wont help much.
i guarantee you'll fall in love with this like i have
this stuff not only did not aggravate
you can tell a difference with one use.
if it is the latter, then it does it's job!
i learned that you can't actually shrink your pores
i don't feel hypocritical going to work anymore
trust me before i was using anything to cover all the problems
i don't have many
this is something i don't like being without.
everyone keeps asking me what i have had done
they say i look great when i'm not even wearing any makeup
nothing can change that
i can see the change
it's going to be used as your last step before your foundation
what a relief to finally find a product that does what is says it will do
not a good thing for someone with problem skin
i can really see a difference
you'll notice the difference right away.
i didn't get one
so the fact that it doesn't shrink pores is ok with me because it does other great things
i would try it if you haven't
you can always return it or give it to a friend.
this one doesn't disappoint
sometimes i'll notice a difference while other times it didn't seem to do anything
in every picture you could see them
for the simple fact that i don't need to
doesn't seem to do anything to help shrink pores
let me tell you this product works!
i can definitely tell a difference in all the pores on my face
i really didn't have any high hopes
i recommend anyone with large pores to give this product a try
can't speak for that
it's a must have for me
i they do seem a little smaller to me
i don't even need to use powder on my face anymore
you can only defy genetics so much
i can't believe my skin
they were bothering me
i can find them even i haven't used it enough 4 weeks
think you can use it in place of that
everyone should go out
i can really tell a difference
once you hit 30 your skin is going to do some crazy stuff
i can't wait to continue seeing the results!
didn't think too much about using it
if it hadn't happened to me
figured i'd give it a try
my friend that works at sephora insist i try it
i can't believe how well it works.
it does what it says it's going to do
i know they'll never disappear completely
it didn't break me out
love the way they go on
i know he doesn't use any harmful ingredients
just try it and you will love it!
but it doesn't take much per application.
there prolly from trying different new products on my face
otherwise i do think it works
so glad to finally find a product that actually does what it claims to do
for $15, you can't go wrong!
i can't do without it
cause i forgot 1 important tip for you if you can use steam room at gym will try 10 to 15 mins
ok this can be the 1 i keep till i finish bottle
my neack is we're i see the must imprube
i did never comment on him i'm trying a nuw product
at 38 i will sacrifice my favor coffe for 6 months if my face looks like this
you have to try this
you do the research
try the product only to find that once again it's all hype
found out that dr perricone is right on the money with this product as i have found it to do exactly waht its supposed to do: address accelerated sins of aging
can't say i can really afford
figured i’d see what all of the fuss was about with this br
this is one product that i do not want to be without
would like to try it next
it does everything he claims!
the past few days when i look in the mirror i can't tell you how good it is to see firmer
tired of not getting what you want out products try this
give it a try like i did
you may find your miracle in a jar like me.
i must say that it did what it says it does
i wanted to try one jar of it
not sure yet if i will continue to buy it
come on dr. perricone, think about it!
the youthfull appearance is what i mean
thats the only reason i gave it a 4 instead of a 5
don't get me wrong
they don't seem to be as deep
this isn't one of them
well, i can honestly say my face is firmer.
i wish it didn't work for me considering the cost
from what i can tell my skin is brighter
can't wait to see what happens by the end of the month
it really does seem to be working
say i would never spend that kind of money
after a month of using the above i could'nt believe how well my eyes improved let alone the rest of my face
when men complment my skin thats enough for me
who lets me spend this kind of money on my face
i dont know another woman your age or younger who has better skin than you
if you are serious about your skin please try these products
i will not give up as i am 54
i believe products take a good 2-3 months before i can tell if it's working or not
and now i might go cry a little.
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
wasn't sure it would live up to the hype
don't think i've ever tried one i didn't love.
can't wait to see what happens in the months to come
i honestly can say that i can see a difference
i can hardly believe what i am seeing.
knowing that i could return to sephora it if i didn't care for it
i could see and feel the difference immediately!
and believe me i have tried them all.
however i did not need anything
see my skin for yourself
so long as i can try it to see if it works
not get "stuck" with it if it doesn't
if you can afford it
you should at least try this stuff
you may not see the difference
i don't know how this isn't the #1 serum.
i can overlook it
anything else that claims to 'do it all
now i can't live without them
i won't live without this one.
which i actually like
then if you know anything about sephora's return policy?
you can absolutely trust that you're never /wasting/ money because you can return it in a heartbeat
expect breakouts to go away
i don't even need a primer under my foundation anymore
this did the trick
i promise you will see a difference
if for some reason you don't
i love this serum because it does exactly as promised
immediately i could feel
don't get me wrong
"you look younger-are you doing something different?"
so there you have it.
i like many people want to look my best
it does what it claims to do
i love it and never want to be without it.
would recommend this highly to anybody!
can't say enough about this product
will definitely do an update!
my skeptical self did not believe it
if i don't use it for about a month i start to notice a difference
how do i know i missed it?
don't want to add any more products to my routine until my skin is clear
says she won't go without it
it really does what it says
but i guess you really get what you pay for.
i will not use any other products anymore.
when i do use it
not making them go away
i really can stop using this cream
you can really see a difference in your skin
that it doesn't do much for my deeper lines
probably too much to ask for something from a bottle
i rarely write reviews...let alone a second one.
wasn't sure whether i had foundation on or not
not sure if it is firmer
you will enjoy what you see.
do not mess with others this is the best!
i like the pump so you don't use too much of it.
don't believe in anything
i dare u to try it yourself
when i don't use this product around my eyes
people want to know if i've changed my makeup
i cannot believe how soft
i could hardly believe it
it did not cause a break-out
i can honestly say my skin appears younger
i can't believe it!
this does not make my face break out
can not vouch yet
makes them go away
go for it - you won't regret it!
can't imagine i'll ever be without this product.
cant say enough good things about this product-totally worth the money
i'd suggest getting a sample first to see how you like it
i tried to stay with it thinking that my skin would adjust
although this product does not come cheap
i didn't need as much
you will not be disappointed.
decided to give this a try
so don't give up.
you need to use it day
if you stick with it you'll likely see a change that's worth the time
if you're reading this
i defnitely want to order more.
if they could fix the dropper that would be awesome
this definitely does the trick
the only thing i do not like in particular is the smell
there is something about it that i don't like in particular
you get what you pay for
would recommend this to anyone.
it does everything you would want a moisturizer to do
do not rest your face on your h
it is not a quick fix.
i love what it does not contain
i would recommend it
if i did not rate it now i would forget to do so
help heal anything that pops up while trying other products
'hope you like it as much i do
i can just feel the difference
you get what you pay for
i decided after she told me how long the product would last that i would try it
maybe its early to tell
please fix this problem or else i'll stop buying this br
can't wait to try the other products
i did nt like the fact sephora did not include prom
did not offer to send it
i feel when you spend $250 they shd attempt to make you happy
you don't need much
this does not break me out
it doesn't bother me at all
i knew this would not be cheap.
won't use any other
you don't need a whole lot because it spreads over your skin
however, i may try something else.
can't say enough about this product.
wont use anything else
won't be disappointed, just go for it!
which is starting to look a little like crepe paper if i don't do anything to it
when i put this stuff on
this can't do anything for deep set wrinkles
finding products that don't make me break out or contri
just realized that my skin does look different
why would i use anything else?
if you need a decent all purpose face cream
after you've used all your old products up like i'm trying to do
don't hesitate...this works.
although, i wish it didn't cost so much.
i don't know if it works long term or not
i can't give an opinion if it works cause i didn't use it long enough
i didn't notice anything
makes me wonder if i recieved a return
give it a try - you won't regret.
f i was going to have any issues with this
i don't ever want to run out of this!
this just wasn't really what i needed
i didn't knotice much of a difference
i should say, i think my skin is now "normal!"
i can't believe how soft my skin feels
i didn't know my skin could be like this
can't find anything better
if you can swing it to treat yourself
you don't have to use a lot
i don't know why or how
i really wish i could afford to buy it :(
do not prefer that it is in a jar
i really hope they'll continue to make this product for many
i agree with them
i know i will miss it
sorry to gloat for those who didn't grab theirs before they sold out
somehow this stuff does the trick
i rarely buy anything twice
it lasts about 5 months because you don't need to use a whole lot of it
i don't have horribly dry skin so maybe it wouldn't be so good for somebody who did
don't expect to look 45 again
i won't switch again
the only thing i don't like is the price.
i know that it's not filled all the way
i know you aren't suppose to
can't say enough about this product.
i do think it's the best i've used
this one is a wonder for me!
i just started wearing this so don't really know if it's going to be better than other moisturizers i've used
my face looks so good, and i will reorder.
knowing so little about it
fine lines are not there anymore
will definitely recommend anyone who wants an eye that work
i can not tell if my face appears younger
i didn't have any of my skin care products with me
it will change your life!
doesn't take long (a week) to see results!
was really confused as to why it didn't work for me
i didn't see any miracles
i can get used to it
i wouldn't wanna kiss someone with it on because i'm sure they could smell it too
not a problem if you're very careful applying it
when i do that with this it can sting
i can honestly say this is the first time in my life i feel confident without makeup
will totally change the look of your under eyes
so nothing is going to make them disappear
i forgot how bad it was!
i did not even realize my under eye was still a little dark
i can't believe the texture change
even if i don't
it's the closest thing to a miracle than i am ever going to find
i don't know if that's because of algenist
definitely feel a difference if i don't use it.
i can definitely tell when i'm not using it
people would always comment that i looked tired even though i wasn't
i swear i don't need any makeup because my skin looks even
this will last you a long time too because you just need a dab
if you're still apprehensive, just try a sample.
can't comment on that
it doesn't help my dark circles the way the cremorlab did
never use anything else because i've never found something that works this well
i don't know why i ever tried anything else!
then this right here is the way to go
you'll know what i'm talking about
let me tell you
after if you must
can't really tell a difference
i would recommend it
you can see a difference after one day.
you dont need much
i know this is a no no
they didn't work well on my eye
a little thing annoy me is when i apply the eye cream
it doesn't take much product at all
i do feel like they don't get puffy in the morning when i wake up any more
can't attest to how it works for those problems
i don't know if i can justify that for just an eye cream
i can definitely tell a difference when using this
i honestly always put this on when i go into a sephora location
i don't know if i would go ahead
it didn't happen right away
ask a lot what products i use
i think you will find with any product you have to give it time
i never really realize a difference until i've forgotten about it for a while
i can't attest to wrinkle repair however because i don't have any yet
if i forget to use it for even one night
this takes care of all of them
remember not to give up
nothing did the trick
also assumed this wouldn't do much for me
can't even imagine how far the big size would go
this is my go to
can someone please review the smell?
can someone please review?
didn't really do anything or burned my eyes
i really cannot live without this product.
hope it doesn't stop working
i honestly don't think it helped very much
how a little goes a long way i am wondering if i should have just waited
i am gonna get this one again for sure
if you really want to see a difference
literally next-to-nothing amount
i actually can't stop looking at myself.
my under eyes look like they did when i was 19
this product does everything it says its going to do
i literally could not believe my eyes
if this is your issue
you owe it to yourself to try this product
i don't think it matters how thin i apply this
this stuff does work-instantly.
i couldn't help staring at her all day because i just could not believe how amazing this stuff was
i wish i could post a picture
it does take practice
i won't travel or go anywhere without it!!
and you'll get great result.
that's just how i do it
i don't think anything could have
do not put makeup on over it because trust me you won't need it
if you do a few trial runs
for the first time and all i can say is wow!!!
it's not going to do permanent correction
i don't usually write reviews
although i do like reading them
i couldn't believe that it actually did what it says
i need to go in
you have to make sure you follow the directions to the "t"
it's not going to do what you want
don't use too much and apply quickly.
please sephora bring this product back please
you don't need this product
now if you have: bags under the yes
it's not that easy to make it work for your face
pat it in small circles as you do it
i think this happens when you use to much or you do not rub it in enough
if you use it very
or shall i say awful
i got to let you know that the effect of the product is really instant
honestly did not believe any cream will work for wrinkles
i can tell you the effect of this product lasts all day for me
then you have to try this product
when i do that i don't get any white residue under eye others have mentioned
then i would give it 5 stars for sure.
if you apply anything over the firmx it lessens the effect
you do have to wash it off before you go out
i would recommend it
i don't know how it works and i don't care.
nothing else i've tried worked
this product does what it says it will.
i can honestly say i've never been as satisfied with any of them like i am with instant firmx eye
i would recommend it to any of my friends.
i can't tell you how many products i have used.
or yes you will end up with a little white residue so you don't need a lot
won't live without this!!
works great - need to let it set for 10 min
it can flake if you put too much on like she did when she first tried it
she is quite please with it!
i could not believe what a difference it made
i can't even describe how i feel about this product
i do agree that it works best alone
it does say that you can mix it in with your concealer which i have not tried yet
this stuff works exactly how it says it should!
you can feel it tighten
that i don't think it should be used daily
let me say that i thought i had bad under eye circles
i could not believe the change.
about the white residue: simply wait 5
7 minutes for the firming stuff to do what it's going to do
you should use so little
if you really want to reduce bags under your eyes
this stuff will do it
i know of no other product that does it--i'm an eye-cream junkie
anyhow this worked for me
it does what it claims
i know this is just a temporary fix
not only does it work, it lasts all day.
would recommend it to anyone
it's not going to make my bags go away forever
i need to get more sleep
it works well just don't use too much.
it does exactly what it says it does.
f it works for me it will work for anyone
be sure to let it dry fully
don't give up on this product!
maybe i appreciate it more because of my age--i want all the help i can get without resorting to surgery
it does take a little practice
give it a try... you won't be sorry
i can't even begin to tell you how much i love this product
i won't go anywhere without itnow!
really works if you have big bags like me
don't expect to look 20 again
if you follow the directions it works
i decided to try this product
it actually does what it promises to do
i could not believe the difference it made!
this product does exactly what the label says it should
actually makes me look more awake
the trick is you need to put on just the right amount
i always come back to it
it does not correct it; just covers it.
then do yourself a favor
you won't regret it.
it doesn't sit on the skin you have to apply pressure right away or else it will fall right off
this one does not
nothing seems to shrink them
i seriously can't even explain how great this is.
no matter what else i try
if not the best
i won't wear foundation without it.
i can't believe what i've been missing
it's all i use for my skin care needs.
it does everything they promise.
unless you applied too much or didn't smooth it out
i will say that i have put it on without any moisturizer
please do not stop making this.
this is a product i can't live without!
you get the picture).
it doesn't bother me as it should help me to age well
can't go without it.
i hope that clinique doesn't change the formula!
i wouldnt recommend using everyday
no matter what i used it would feel itchy
it doesn't make it worse or break me out
then always find myself going back to this one
doesn't make me break out either.
if i put this on
i feel absolutely no need to wear foundation
i hope you like it as much as i do.
makes me look even
you have to put it on
if you try this i hope you will like it as much as i do
i like wht it does do
i would recommend this to anyone!
i honestly wasn't expecting this to work as well as it does
it is amazing and i can't live without it!
works unlike anything else i've ever tried
i happen to love this product even though it's not a miracle
like i do because i don't like heavy coverage
you can use as little of as much as you want
it didn't do anything for my pores!
i just did a review
does exactly what it says it will do
you do not need a lot-a little goes a nice ways
'm aware that one product cannot do everything
for those days i don't want a full face
i do notice that it adds a little shine to my face
just want something to keep the shine away
i think you might be glad that you did
on days i don't want to wear make-up i will put this on alone
i don't think it works as well as my primer
i always make sure i have this
it does wonders for oil control
i wear it every day without fail.
we all know nothing can *actually* shrink pores
it does what it claims to
i don't use it everyday
a general smooth appearance anywhere you want it on the face
i know it says you can put it on top of make-up too
it doesn't last long for me if i do it that way
highly recommend that you give it a try.
if you find that you need a little touch-up
can't live without it
so anything to reduce shine is a plus for me
decided to give it a try
or else it doesn't seem to mattify your skin as well
don't mind so much
that's not enough time to get a proper judgement
i wouldn't use this without foundation over it
decided to give it a try
i don't honestly notice that my pores look smaller -- maybe i need to use more?
i do wish that for the price i can get a bigger tube
considering what else is out there
not sure why this gets some bad reviews.
this smooths to the point where in the summer if i have some color i don't need anything else
that is from someone who can't st
i wouldnt say its a cant-live-without product
i think i'll use this as a going out under make-up type of item
i don't know that it necessarily makes my pores look smaller
i can feel the difference immediately
just amazing cannot recommend this enough.
don't knock a product because you don't know how to use it
i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this
in my opinion that's probably because they didn't use it properly
definitely would recommend this to anyone!
otherwise it doesn't work
some will hate it
i really wish they would change the bottle because it is difficult to use without making a mess
not only does it effectively remove any
why not everyone would like it
if you are sensitive to smells you may not like this
besides that it does the job
on days i dont wear make up i use 1
it doesn't irritate or break me out
my only complaint is that sometimes it doesn't go on the skin so smoothly
you definitely don't want to get it in your mouth as it does taste horrible
i never realized how much makeup stays on your face if you don't use something to clean it well
either way, not so good.
(yes i said oily) trust me and take it home!
i literally can't find anything else that gets my skin feeling so clean before i go to bed
yes it definitely did
just for that i would buy this stuff the rest of my life
i don't feel like i got any skin improvements from it personally
make sure you shake before using.
decided to give this oil a go
it truly does help my skin
where does it go?
it's not on my face anymore
i never break out like i used to
i decided to try this out
i can even go over my eyes with this
have not yet found anything that does
it can feel as if it i am tugging
i do not recommend for anyone with sensitive skin unless they talk to their dermatologist first or really investigate the ingredients
3-4 pumps would definitely suffice
sometime i don't even need to
i guess the only caveat i would give is that if your skin is 100% dry when you put it on
it doesn't make it worse
that's coming from a person who can't use anything
i don't think i will be able to go back to just any old cleanser after using this one
does not make me break out
i think its because of this stuff
if you're not sure, try the travel set!!
i don't like it as much as i used to
it gets four stars because i don't think there's anything technically wrong with the product
it just isn't for me in the long wrong
i don't use every day
no matter what the taste does get into my mouth like others have said
it is not meant to be your stand-alone face wash!
if you've ever heard of the "double-cleanse" that is exactly what it is
do you get what you pay for
i dont usually wear foundation
doesn't break me out
you can't get all of the product out
you can't take the top off
my skin just doesn't respond well to it anymore!
i don't even wear foundation
people fail to realize that spf 30 or 45 will not give you "double" the protection
it's how often you apply it
definitely try this out
it doesn't make me break out
i will never use anything else.
i don't even use a full pump for my whole face.
decided to give it a chance
my skin honestly does feel better after using it
it does not actually make me oily
let me count the ways
this moisturizer does exactly what is says it will do without irritating it
that's what helped me to decide on trying this product
let me tell you this stuff is fabulous
doesn't break me out
i won't be going back after trying this
i will never use anything besides this line again
i do want to fully use it
nor does it break me out
this did not make me break out
even if you don't like the scent
not with this stuff.
i hope you like it as much as i do.
the only issue i have is sometimes when it's really hot it doesn't absorb all the way
i definitely wouldn't use at night
i love this stuff i was not sure how my skin would react to it
it barely feels like you have it on
anyone else could use this
theres just nothing special about it.
for $28 this doesn't do enough for me
so that might not be a problem for anyone else
the only thing i could say bad at all is if i get any of it on my lips
if you are not sure about the product
there really isn't anything particularly special about this though
i didnt think i did anything odd when doing this.
not sure if there is a certain trick to having this not happen
the type of mosturizer you use will make or break your make routine
also didn't make me break out
i just have to disagree with them
if you're on the fence about trying this product out i say go for it
you don't need to use a lot to get good coverage
it didn't break me out
i really didn't want to return it
i would definitely recommend.
i don't feel anything special about it
only want to put on one thing
it really does what it says it's supposed to do
this does the same.
this lotion does exactly what the description says it willfeels good going on your skin because it is light
although i can't say how it might work for people with combination or oily skin
it does wonders for my skin!
please do not stop making it!
doesn't make me break out
which is what i like
have to love something to add it to my "go-to"
love them enough to make them my normal
you don't even need a lot of the product
especially if i want to wear make-up the next day
this does the job
i don't think i'll use anything else
i cannot recommend this product enough.
i know it's hard to find reviews for people with acne prone skin so here you go
if that makes any sense
t will last you a long time
if you are hesitant just go for it you wont regret it
they never do the job
unfortunately it doesn't absorb
you won't regret it
i wouldn't even think to use another.
i do not have sensitive skin so be warned it might break you out
the cream didn't make me break out so this is a definite re-buy
if you're not into that
this one does the trick
the only reason i'm not giving it five stars is because you don't get enough product for your money
i am always careful what i put on my face
so don't worry about breaking the budget
i can't say enough good things about this face cream
you forget you have anything on at all
i cant not say enough good things about this product
i just wish they made it with spf
i think it just might last me a year
i cannot see myself using this during the winter
i feel like if i apply too much
give it a try in store first to save yourself the guessing game
i'd have to say that it does leave me a little greasy looking in the morning if i use too much
hopefully this never breaks me out!
couldn't tell what was causing the issues
i might try it again another time to see if the same thing happens
it will last you maybe 6-8 months if you apply it every night
it does the trick
products like this would usually break me out
doesn't break me out
don't use it all over my face
i do not know how great it will be in the summer
i am afraid it would be to much
if you're looking to save your pennies
i really do like it
couldn't find anything that lasted
i never knew i could feel this strongly about a moisturizer until i tried this product
i don't think any description i make can do it justice so just try this product
seriously, it'll change your life.
the formula does not break me out
i don't need a lot with each use
you don't need a lot
i would definitely recommend this to somebody because it's a great moisturizer
this did the trick for me
i wish i could give this 10 stars.
not strong enough to annoy
i do not like the open jar
you barely need any
i wouldn't really recommend it if you have oily skin though
they'd come right back
this doesn't leave a film
it doesn't sit on top of your skin
so suprised there are some people who say it doesn't work
i guess it doesn't work for everyone .
can you believe it ????
i always thought eyecream never can remove lines
use it as long as it doesn't hurt my eyes
even if i buy $200 eyecream it usually useless for me because it hurt my eyes ruin my makeup
i don't need to worry about my finelines anymore amd look at the price
i am so sorry for who doesn't feel any chage .
i would say try it out
see if it works for you
i want to give an honest review
f you want to fix hollows this isn't for you
it does what it says
do think it works
i can't believe how great this product is.
i cannot live without this stuff
you do not have to wait very long to apply makeup afterwards
if you want to treat your fine lines or wrinkles
this won't do it
sometimes i don't get a lot of sleep.
that way i know it's working
i would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants tighter
life happenedans in the process i guess i forgot to take care of my under eyes
believe it or not it does definitely have an impact
i do think this cream is best used over night really
i can never put eyemakeup
i dont know if it helped with dark circles that much
don't have that much to compare it to
after about 5 uses i could really see the difference this eye cream makes ok my eyes
you definitely get your bang for your buck here
never get enough sleep
unless you're allergic to it
i didn't realize how well this stuff works until i stopped using it
buy this you won't be sorry.
i didn't have any expectations
would recommend if you are in your 20's or early 30's
it didn't burn on me
i cannot be without it.
if you do use caution
do not get into eyes
i didn't think id like this that much
little do they know
i wanted it to do more for my laugh lines
t didn't do anything
i can leave the house without looking like i need an expres
i did like the consistency of the product
i let it sit for a while to absorb
it hasn't been long enough to tell
the only thing i don't love about it is the texture it leaves behind
i really think this might last me 9-12 months.
figuring maybe i didn't really need it anymore i didn't bother to reorder
if i accidentally get a little of benefit in my eye it doesn't burn or bother me
this is exactly what i want in an eye cream
what more can you ask?
i don't think it did anything for my dark circles
i love this and can't wait to buy more!
i know other reviewers have stated that it did nothing for them
it did work for me
it seriously helps tighten everything up so my makeup doesn’t sit in there
whenever i stop using this one
you can actually watch it work!
i don't know if it has caffeine in it
it does what it says it does
you can actually feel it working.
i didn't realize how much of a difference the cream made until i switched
also, you don't need to use much of the product.
finally think i can stick with this cream
wouldn't cause a break out
does not leave a residue which i was expecting
it does not appear to be causing me to break out
my face does not break out
i would ask for a sample before buying as you can see in the reviews this product does not work for everyone
i know as a moisturizer a lot of people want something that get quickly absorbed
im not sure how to explain it
i would recommend this if you have sensitive skin
it does not bother my extremely sensitive
honestly if it works this well
it does what it says.
i still like it
i didn't expect anything dramatic
this make it go away
however it really doesn't help my current breakouts
this does not irritate it
i can't say enough good things about this cream
i wouldn't use it every day
i don't really use it over my entire face
i cannot say enough good things about this cream!
i will warn that it does not do well under make up
t is hard for me to find anything suitable
you need very little for your whole face
have to be very careful what i put on my sin
let me describe my skin
i do see a difference
'd definitely say it's worth the money
you don't even need a full pump for your full face
i can't believe this product doesn't have more reviews
can't say enough great things about it!
i don't think i'll ever stop purchasing it
i can't believe these results!
couldn't do without this product.
i would tell everyone to get it!
don't take my word for it: simply apply the cream to your face as usual
otherwise whatever you use just sits on your face
but, i do like it, so i'll keep it.
i recommend this to everyone.
not sure if theres an ingredient in there that makes it
this stuff seems to actually tighten immediately
not easy to find a product that does that- because its murad
it does not have enough retenoid ingredients to fix damage
i hope i can always afford this item!
you will get a gentle peeling which i don't mind since i know it's working
i cannot live without this.
i sometimes give it a rest as i feel like if your skin gets too used to
would most emphatically not recommend trying this if you have sensitive skin
do not try this if your skin is delicate
i still dont know about the anti aging effect
and you don't need much per application.
you don't need very much
i'd try it if you are looking...
but, i do think its worth a try.
so needless to say i was reluctant to try the murad complete reform
cannot recommend it enough
don't have wrinkles, so can't comment on that.
really did not expect to notice any results
i don't have lines yet
however i cant use it any other time than at night b/c it turns my skin red for a little while
i can't believe the difference in my skin already
i see alot of people talking about how much product comes out with each pump
that really hasnt bothered me
you do not need much at all
i am 47 and don't sleep enough.
can't comment on how well it works
could not believe it.
i honestly don't know how anyone could give this product a bad review
can go without coverup
i think it is a little pricey for what it does
i want my money's worth
i want to use the entire bottle.
did not cause a breakout
as for anything else it claims to do i'm not sure because i don't have those problems
i don't have wrinkles so i can't comment.
being young i did not want to jump right to estee lauder
can't wait to try more kate somerville products.
i just can't help it
if you want something a little stronger
this one isnt giving me any!
i dont find that this is really doing much for fine lines or wrinkes
one thing i did do with this was get a sample first
if i give it time to absorb into my skin this doesn't happen
which i didn't like too much either
i decided to finally try to do something about it as a birthday present to myself
do nothing for the circles
this product does everything reviewers say it does
smooth cream is amazing becuase it does what is says it will do
its not so much of a complaint becuase its my fault
that's just what happens to me though
i just don't know if i see enough improvement for the cost
i can't believe it actually does the things it claims to do
i really didn't believe any product would do that so well on its own
spreads well so you don't need to use a lot of product
don't let the price stop you from getting a sample because it has given me great results :
i can't wait to see what my eyes look like in two more weeks
this product does exactly what it says it will for dark circles
i could be nuts, but i actually think it works.
i don't normally spend that much on my skin-care products
i don't even need a full pump to take care of both eyes
i can't believe this eye cream only has 2
you have done it again
i see absolutely no lines of any kind under my eyes
the packaging shows you how much product you have left
it probably wouldn't hurt to get a sample of it before you buy it
don't get acne or anything like that
for my skin type i couldn't ask for anything more
i do for certain things
just like everything else i've tried from f
i cannot say enough how much i love this
i can go without makeup without fear that everyone is judging me
it does not sting at all
it doesn't do anything
not sure if it's working
although i can't say that this has done wonders for me
i find that it does nothing for my dark circles
skin so when i find something i like
this does not react badly with my skin
i can't wait to try other products by fab
not necessarily off-putting
i didn't know what to expect with my first try
i would definitely recommend!
don't want to add to those at all
this does not sting
you can't beat the price, so i say go for it!
it does what i want
does not irritate my eyes
i even got compliments at work from someone younger who asked me what i used around my eyes
i am still young enough that i don't need anything heavy duty
it does go away very quickly after you apply it
i don't think it can get rid of age related under eye circles
i read that only surgery can get rid of them
this product does not irritate at all
everyone else should definitely try it!
i could never tell if eye cream is doing anything for me
i guess if i don't get anymore wrinkles
so even if you accidentally get it in your eye
it's not really anything special
don't think that it is worth the money
i don't like how much product i am getting for my money
i don't use it every night
when i need it i use it
wanted to try something new
i wouldn't say it does much for my under eye circles
i think i'm stuck with them forever
this does the trick.
i don't think it would do much for fine lines or dark circles
if you want a good eye cream
i normally don't write more than one review unless it's a great/ effective product
i would have to say, it does the job.
it does everything it claims to do
time will tell i suppose.
can't really say how much it's working
i still haven't decided whether i'm going to keep buying this
i still don't know if the texture of mine is normal
would not recommend this if you like things that smell nice
no product on this whole website does what this does for my skin
when you get down to the less than 1/4 left of the product it's really hard to get out
i cannot even believe how much i love this.
i really never take the time to write reviews
don't expect magic overnight!)
i don't even use anything else after it other than my moisturizer
i don't feel the need to run
don't know why it's in the description
in my video i will show you how the product look like
this does not irritate it
no one would guess it except those who know me
i didn't realize what a difference it made in my skin until i got home
can't stop using it
what more could you want?
you know when you read descriptions of every face perfecter
then you come to find out it is isn't true?
if you cannot afford a mia this is the next best thing
what more could i ask for?
what more could you ask for?
so maybe be a bit careful
t did what it has to do
f you like paying too much for a great product
only thing is check the product when you buy it.
not sure if there is actually 5 oz.
thought i'd try this one
'm very careful about what i put on my face
it feels kind of silly to keep paying that amount when you're not getting what is advertised
you gotta fill the bottle all the way guys
didn't feel like paying that much this time
i can't say enough about how smooth my skin feels
is it just me or does anybody feel like quantity is less than 5 oz ?
i would recommend this product to everyone.
in my opinion, it really does the trick.
i don't know if it's supposed to
i think you will like it
let me first say that i was skeptical
decided to give it a try
it doesn't work for everyone because skincare is so so personal
t won't do anything for it
can't go without it!
let me tell you
so i say i would definitely recommend.
every product in this line does what it claims to do
it's too soon to say if it helps with marks
you know you have a keeper.
i decided to give this a try
don't expect it to happen over night
don't get me wrong
you do see a difference in the tone
hope it doesn't let me down soon:
not sure how i didn't realize that from the get go
it's going to really get down to business on my skin like ren products always do
does exactly what it advertises
what does that even look like?
would recommend it to anyone
i don't know about it leaving my skin looking 'energized
this does the trick
as i don't really have fine lines
i can't speak to its treatment of them
do i believe it's better than the aforementioned
it's too soon to tell what an effect it will have
i can't use a lot of products out there
i don't know what's really in this
or how it works
i know the true meaning of 'literally"
i can't even explain it.
you need very little product to cover your entire face
i think i might try something new instead
i didn't want to end up spending a lot of money
if you get this it does take time so try for a month or two
see how it goes
which does not give me the radiance this product did
i didn't use it all the time
this doesn't completely take care of them
my skin just didn't look great anymore
it doesn't interfere with my make-up wear that i can tell
let me tell you
i would recommend to anyone who wants to look a little more luminous
u can always return
u have 2 get the cincentrate 2 & use together.
who doesn't want that?!
i feel so much more comfortable on the many days i don't wear make up
the skincare women told me that not only did they not have it
she tried to get me to use something else
if i take them out
i know that's asking a lot
nothing really seems to besides actual sleep
yellow if you don't use it up fast enough
so don't get this thinking you can just use it every now
then because it will spoil
this one doesn't do that.
sometimes you need a change
could not find something that wasn't full of awful chemicals
i cannot say enough good things about this product
you don't need to use much each time
every so often i think maybe there's something better out there
then wonder why i quit using it
never any troubles with this ole one
no matter how i tried to smooth it out
so i thought i'd give this product a try.
i do really like this cream
the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because i find the product to be a little thick
you also get so much
since it has spf i dont have to worry about about putting on extra spf
nobody can believe that i have a 24 yr old!
i also noticed that i don't need very much
i don't get enough sleep
it's amazing how many of them don't have any sun protection
can't think of anything thats really wrong with it
although pricey, you don't need much at all.
you don't need much
was told that it would not burn if i got it in my eyes
did not want to dry out under my eyes
it's everything i could ever want in an eye cream
i guess i can only use it under my eyes
it does sting sometimes but it is what it is.
does not irritate my eyes
though i do almost always use a primer
sting if im not careful
i can tell this will last me quite a while
it does everything it says it will do
it does not do much for me in the fine line
those just don't work for me
won't do that anymore
i don't know if i see a huge change in dark circles or anything
the first time you use it you might get a tiny sting
does what it says
i don't know if it will be too heavy for summer
i did not think i would be able to find an eye cream that i could tolerate
it didn't make me break out like almost all other anti-aging products do
which is saying something
i did not expect it would
it will last me for a while becuase you barely need any
this doesn't irritate me
i wanted something that wouldn't make me break out more than necessary
don't know how i'm going to travel with it
this is by far the only cleanser ive ever used in my entire life that does not break me out
i know better now
so you can either switch off if you're traveling
or stick to what you prefer
to anyone who wants to care for their sensitive skin
i did feel a little sting
if i could give this face wash 10 stars i would!
i really cant even begin to explain how amazing this product really it
this does not dry me out
it does the trick
can't figure out why
it does the job
they give some sort of reaction or b
products can break me out
if you've used proactiv you know how hard it is to get your skin off of that stuff
i can honestly say no face product has changed my life like this one
i do admit it looks quite nice sitting on your bathroom counter
it does not break me out.
so make sure that doesn't bother you if you try them
don't like it as much
only cleanser that does not make me break out
if i could, i'd give it 10 stars.
i couldn't believe how soft it made my skin feel
what do you use on your skin"
if you're like me
exactly what i wanted for my aging sensitive face
as far as i can tell, it does just fine!
i don't even know how to explain it.
if it continues to do what it has for my skin
this does not irritate it at all
i want to try the rest of the line
you must try this!
wanted something extra mild
if you are someone like me with sensitive
i did get some of it in my eye
with i will say neither cream did any good for me
i would need to go back and look.
will never go without it
not sure it helps with lines
i want to keep it that way
you can't even tell i've touched it
many ppl expect results that same day
that's not how it works
let me start by saying that i have sensitive eyes
if you're hesitant, don't be
i am not sure that it is doing wonders
all i can tell you is give it time
this product does not irritate at all
can't say it's reversed time or anything
i will probably buy it again though cause i'm not convinced anything actually can reverse the little wrinkles that come with age
does a good job as best anything probably could
wish they really did what they promise
i am not trying to say it is a miracle cream
it does not cake or show any lines
i just think i can find something for cheaper that does the trick
this doesn't cause any issues
i can't say it has worked wonders
get it, you won't regret it!
i don't have many
can't comment on how it works against fine lines
this product does what it says it will do.
i guess i won't know until i'm older whether or not this product is helping
you don't need much
it has not let me down!
almost anything makes me break out
making sure to not go too close to your actual eye
i didn't want to look old
it did not irritate my eyes
i wouldn't have noticed it if another reviewer hadn't said it
i am sure it won't be my last.
yes i would recommend this.
decided to let sephora's customers help me find the right product
now i know you get what you pay for
any cream i used wouldn't last all day
i do believe i have found it.
my eyes do not look so dull.
i don't see any big difference after using it for 3 weeks
i don't know how they got there
i don't know what happened
i just don't know if i will purchase this again
the problem of course did not go away
omly crack if i use the wrong product
this did not disturb my skin at all
i already notice that i don't need to cover up my dark circles like i used to
i recommend it whenever i get the chance
don't let the small jar deceive you
t will last you a long time
it does not require alot of product to cover my eye area adequately
if you're sensitive to everything like me
'll change my review if that happens
i don't think that will be a problem this time
just couldn't justify the $165 price tag anymore
i am not sure about the fine lines because i have not used it long enough
you have to see for your self!
i do not even have sensitive skin
it doesn't irritate at all
you can see instant results
i did not break out at all to this product
do i think its a miracle cream
it does what its supposed to
try it, you won't regret it
for the perricone name i guess i expected more
this product really does the trick
if i even use lubriderm i break out.
that's never happened before
a little does go a long way
the problem didn't disappear
then decide if i want to try something else or stick with this one
it doesn't bother it at all
almost anything makes me break out
let me start by saying i have young skin
it got all 5 stars and i can see why.
decided to give it a try
you don't need a lot
did not break me out
but i must say it's completely worth my money.
but you really pay for what you get.
if you like perricone products
not sure if this is a problem of my own face or the product
if you're having second thoughts because of the price
you probably won't appreciate this product as much as i do
this product definitely does what it claims to do
if you are like me
so please give this a try
you will not be disappointed
come to sephora ask for a sample of it so you can feel it yourself
does everything that it says it does
you name it, i've got it.
i would not hesitate to recommend ptr de-spot to anyone with hyperpigmintation issues
not worry so much about my compelction
do have breakouts anyway
i could tell my whole skin tone was even
not every products work on me
i can’t do without it
i didn't want to go through the trouble of returning it
this bottle is definitely going to let me for months
i hardly write reviews
this did work for me so far
i mean i feel like i could have gotten more product out of it
does exactly what it claims to do!
didn't really see results
i think it may have fixed the ph
i hope this helps someone
i've tried them all including some you can't get in the us
i wasn't sure if it was going to do what it claimed
i would definitely recommend it!
even if i don't pick on them
this formula does not irritate
believe this is why it's a bit more difficult for me to notice a change
blemishes that wouldn't go away with anything
to absorb and do it's thing.
you do get a lot for your money
can't wait to see it in 12!
it is definitely something i will keep using
use it every morning before anything else
i'd be the person it didn't work for
i can't believe it!
i can't wait to see what my face looks like in another 9 weeks
to anyone who isn't sure if this is a worthy investment
the product doesn't come out easily
mind you this is one of my lazy days where i don’t even bother to do my hair
i told here that i not wearing any make up.
now i will admit i did not use this on my entire face
i shouldnt do anything else to my skin.
i will say it did wonders on my under eye circles
can't wait to keep using this product
now we'll see if it works
i also noticed this doesn't feel like it's just sitting on top of my skin like another similar product i tried
i would definitely recommend the product.
ladies, i say give this product a try.
didn't expect it when my skin turned out to love it so much
since i don't really have sun spots i don't know how effective it is for those
can't see any difference yet
you might not like it
i did not expect to like this.
i am not sure i'd use it daily
it does not feel tight at all
when you know how/where to shop it’s not that bad
so make sure that you're using it right or you'll hate it
it does what it's supposed to.
i like to let it sit for a minute
it also doesn't last long if you're like me
always want to use it
you absolutely have to follow the instructions
this stuff is amazing if you use it correctly.
only cleanser i would ever consider spending $100 on--it's really that great
worth your time to try.
i didn't know how clean it would feel
give it a try, just follow the instructions.
or anything was on my face
i want to use this forever and ever.
if you use it correctly
that's all you need to do.
i did this exact routine
anyways though, it works well and i like it!
can honestly say that this is my holy grail makeup remover along with lancôme's la creme douceur <3 i'm done with trying anything else
it did the job
i wasn't sure if i removed correctly the product
i couldn't believe it!
i don't know if i'm going to be able to spend that much on a cleanser balm because i already have my skin care routine
i would point out 2 points of difference this product does
that you can go on without a moisturiser 2
im not sure if i am double cleansing the proper way
dont want to finish my night routine
what it is about
which is something that i personally do not experience with soap
i recommend this to everybody
i do not wear foundation
doesn't bother me at all
if you are very sensitive to smells this might not be for you
it really does leave my face glowing like the description says
it is so amazing i did not need/ wanted to apply anything else
if you don't want to be spoiled don't try it
i wondered why it wouldn't wash off of my face
you don't need to use that much.
only because i never used a product that honestly was worth going out of my way
if i had to remind myself it was good then i didn't feel the need to share
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the price
anybody that has given a review saying it left a film clearly did not use it correctly
i almost didn't want to put makeup on.
this alone might keep me in rouge status forever- it's that good
honestly it's not needed
without fail my skin feels
i believe in paying for what i like that works.
i believe if something works
this is not for you
before you apply it
can't say anything bad about it!!!
if you don't you will not like the product because you'll think it leaves a greasy film on your skin which is hard to remove
you have to apply this all over your face
you can use another face wash afterwards if you'd like
clean you will enjoy this
you're doing it wrong if you feel greasy afterwards
i did not expect this product to do all this
i cant believe how clear
if you do that
this didn't make me breakout
it feels as if it won't come off
i'll have to really think about it long
you really have to follow the instructions for use or it will feel like it won't come off
shame that you this product is reviewed by so many nay-sayers who don't follow the directions
thought i'd give it a try
if you do it right you don't feel greasy afterwards
didn't really notice how bad my skin had gotten until i used this sample
i. used to have wrinkles i don't anymore.
don't want to drop the $$ for it again
it does exactly what it says
here is why this balm does not compare: 1
i wish i could just take a bath in this stuff.
i like to let it sit a few minutes if possible.
i think you will love it as i do.
i can't vouch for any long term results yet
didn't expect that at all!!
this cleanser makes my skin near to perfect skin if you're considering trying this please do it will change your life i'm so glad i picked up this cleanser i recommend it to everyone
do not break me out
i figure if there are no blatant irritants in it then it's good enough
didn't really think i'd use the bonus products
i don't think i'll ever go without.
i think it has good value because you don't need to use that much of it to get it to lather
it doesn't break me out
i would recommend this to any one
not matter their skin type
that is how i can tell it is doing a great job
you don't need too much product to get a good lather
can tell you my skin looks even
very affordable when you consider how much product you get
you have got to be kidding me?
i wouldn't recommend this as a one step cleanser if you're trying to take off makeup though
which i miss when i use this formula
i figured what would it hurt i needed to use something
also set out to do alittle research
i've tried a lot of products that didn't work for me
i will say when i don't use this for a few days it's noticeable
i can't say i wouldn't try something else
right now it’s a favorite till something else comes along worth trying
not sure what smell everyone is talking about
i wouldn't say it is deep-acting as it advertised
does not irritate my skin whatsoever
with aging combination skin i wouldn't want to be without this
nor does it make it oily
which is what everyone wants
you only need a little bit
i will never stop using it
i recommend it for everyone.
you do not have to use a lot to get the job done
decided on a whim when i finished my current lancome one i would give this one a go not expecting much
i doubted that it would do much for my skin.
you do not need a lot of this product
was scared to do so as everything breaks me out
it is exactly what my skin needed
i know everyone on here claims to be skin care junkies
cant say how well it removes that
the products i use anyway
i didn't take care of my skin at all---it looked awful
don't walk.. run to get this stuff!
i cannot wait to see what it will be like after a week
it will do the rest
don't have to use much, - it goes a long way!
not supposed to use this on the eyes
i would definitely recommend this product.
it' not anywhere close to as bad as it was
i don't often write reviews
i did not expect this cleanser to solve all my problems
i like to make sure everything if off my face at night
what more can you ask for?
why wouldn't you use this product?
i went to sephora to get a different cleanser that my friend recommend however they did not have that cleanser nor the br
at first i wasn't sure about this
when you see the results it's well worth it
it did basically nothing to clear up my acne
can't use anything on my face
please check it out if you havent!
i can't believe how gentle it is
i just want to buy up the whole product line
doesn't seem to have adverse effects i use it up anyway
i can't imagine using anything else
this doesn't make me break out
haven't used anything else since
i could not believe it.
don't see myself switching anytime soon
don't feel like there is too much product on my face
it definitely does what it says it's going to do.
not expecting to see results cause let's face it
not even thinking about algenist
didn't see the benefits that i do with this one
it also doesn't break me out
i can't wait to try more from the line
people think i have make up on when i don't
i could definitely tell a difference in my skin.
you can wear it under make-up
i don't need primer
i certainly don't feel like i'm sacrificing any anti-aging
it'll last you a long time
i can't believe the results.
i want to keep him that way
i tried it anyway
it really does go a long way
this product does not do either
needed something that would be a good all-around moisturizer that wouldn't irritate the heck out of my skin
this doesn't cause me any reaction or breakout
t's not actually that bad when you consider how long it lasts
i believe you get what you pay for
everything usually makes me break out
i normally do get them
i asked what she thought it might be
i could not live without this one for sure
i definitely feel a difference when i don't use this
i do really like it
i like that you don't need much to cover your
i notice a huge difference when i don't use it.
i can't say that i see the results the cream claims to make
you don't need to use too much.
if i do not put this cream on at night i can tell the next day
i don't need as much weight anymore
i don't know how else to describe it
i do feel a difference
i don't want to use it up too fast
i can tell i big difference when i forget to apply it the night before
because who would bother?
although they are a bit pricey i wouldn't replace it with anything else
haven't used it long enough to know if it is actually doing anything
i can tell u i still have not gone through even half of the jar
you really need very little to use
have never put much merit into anything doing what it claims it does
i won't use anything else
i hesitated to use it because i don't like to get adventurous w/what i put on my face incase it causes a breakout
it does not irritate me
i don't look for miracles.
it does not break me out
i hate the price, but it does last a long time.
if you're on the fence you should take the plunge
you do not need to use a lot of it
help heal anything that pops up while trying other products
'hope you like it as much i do
you only need to use a little
it was kind of a last choice sample because i didn't see anything i wanted
i can't turn away
don't hesitate to buy this!
i don't usually spend over $40
hopefully that would give me enough time to find a 2nd job to be able to afford this
a little does go a long way
i can say this one gives a little extra punch
a little goes a long way so even if you use it day
as i sometimes do
i actually think that
i did not feel like it was too heavy
you don't need to use too much
if i can afford it i will keep using as long as i can
you don't really need to use a lot of product for it work
i decided to give this a try
i can't wait to tell my dermatologist about what i've been using
i know he will comment on how great my skin looks
no matter what skin type, you should use this!
nothing works or does for your face what algenist does
you watch your skin transform
i don't absolutely need to wear foundation
it really does what it claims
i cant explain it other than that my skin looks so healthy
if you are a person who occasionally breaks out
i usually dont break out
this cream is so amazing that i refuse to stop using it
just dont put too much, a little goes a long way.
you dont need an additional eye cream because this works wonders around the eyes
with this i did
i think that this cream might be too much for my t zone
imagine what the two could do together..
try it to see for yourself.
i can definitely see a difference when i use this cream
i don't usually bother with skincare samples since the sample is so small you can't tell if it works
not even making a dent goes to show this stuff will last forever
this product does not break me out at all
i don't think i will switch to this cream permanently
i think i might have to fork out the money for this
this thing makes me look like i go to the dermatologist
get my face done
that is why i will only give it 4 stars
if you can afford it definitely splurge
not enough to sit around for long
i would say save your money
it didn't trigger anything for me
i let it sit on my face
so the person next to you doesn't freak out when he/she wakes up to you in a sheet mask
which i used to do
it doesn't make me break out
i didn't dare to put any makeup on for two month
for someone who has really oily skin i usually don't ever go for products like this
because i feel like it can be too heavyheavy for my skin
i don't have any flakyness
you really don't need to use a lot
did not cause me to breakout
i actually don't mind it
o if you have sensitive smell i would try the sample first
i feel like it does what it says
but if scent bothers you, definitely do not buy.
didn't really need it
not sleeping well so thought i'd get this to hopefully make me feel
would pass if that bothers you
i think amorepacific does a better job
may be because i dont drink enough water or sleep well
if you us it often
if you don't mind the scent it will work wonders
does not cause break out
if that's not a concern for you
you really need to try this
so you're getting what you pay for
i can't say enough about it
you don't need to apply this with a heavy h
i think this would be perfect for you
i don't know if this would be sufficient
i can't say enough about this product!!
i don't know if this is really what's helping
it does not cause break outs
however i do not feel that it provide enough moisture i need
telling me that her skin was to sensitive to even try it
if you aren't sensitive to that
but if you are, this product may irritate you.
nothing else works maybe you should try this?
i don't like the feel
this mask does what it says
i did not feel much about this product yet.
i can't even begin to tell you how perfect this product is
i can feel it still on my face
my skin didn't seem to need it
i don't think you are supposed to apply it like a normal mask
i'll justify a product that doesn't even give me stellar results if it smells good to me
let t do it's work
wouldn't have any preconceived ideas
you do need 5-10 minutes to have it set.
i guess it did restore my skin
want your make up to look great
it does all the work for you while you sleep!
this does the trick
you wont get my results
who would've thought something so simple as "clean your face
a product that does what it says it is suppose to do
stop what you are doing and buy this right away.
i would even say this stuff is a totall game changer for gals that struggle with pores
and you get so much for the money!
you'll never look back
doesn't look like you are wearing anything
you just put it on
honestly i cannot live without it
i can't even wait to see what it does to my face!
my skin does not look dull anymore
they just didn't do it for me
if clinique ever did away with it
i imagine for others this can work.
now i can't wait to try more clinique
i can't wait to try more products from this line!
it did not cause any new breakouts
love this product even if i don't use it as often
i know where to turn
please never leave my side.
this does not bother him at all!
i cannot recommend this stuff enough!
i decided to give this a try
i cannot recommend this product enough!
don't know why it's no longer available online
wanted to know what i did
that did not happen with this product.
i can't really speak for the "retexturizing"
i don't have to do this with this one
he never comments on that kind of thing
i can tell if i continue using this my ance marks will fade
seriously--they arent lying when they say youll see a difference the next morning
if i feel that it would
not seeing or feeling much difference in my skin i decided to cough up the extra money
i will never stop using this
i love it and wouldn't go to bed without it now.
get it, try it, love it, worth it............
i can definitely see a difference every morning
i honestly couldn't believe the results.
has asked if i forgot to take my makeup off before going to bed because my skin looks so great
or i put it too much
it definitely didn't break me out
(dime size or so) and you are good to go!
let me start of with saying i did not even know there was hype with this product
it does not feel heavy
this one will not disappoint
i could tell a difference in my sin in just a few days
i think it's worth it for the results you get
because it'll do it for you while you are sleeping
if it wasn't for this
but then again, you get what you pay for!!
i suppose it didn't actually work overnight
i guess i will just have to wait...
i do enjoy this cream and so does my skin.
i tell them clinique
it does not break my skin out at all.
i cant say enough positive things about this moisturizer
what more could a girl ask for!
save my money for something else
i didn't really expect any results.
you notice it's effects the instant you apply.
you just need to wait a little bit after applying
i write very few reviews because hardly anything impresses me enough to do so
the scent does not bother me at all
will not change to anything else
it does exactly what the description says.
this one does the trick
you have to make sure that you don't use a lot because a little goes a long way with this stuff
i find that it feels like i've put too much on
i honestly prefer this to the much more expensive
i recommend this product to anyone.
if you don't think it works
try simple and kenzoki if you want to mix it up.
don't want to wash my face
it doesn't bother me nor does it linger on my face
it does what it needs to do.
forth between them right now -- doesn't matter
not sure if i'll buy it again though
this product does not cause me any problems
t doesn't bother my eyes
even if you want a quick removal of make up before a work out
the only reason why it's not 5 stars is don't get it in your mouth
i think everyone should use this.
you get a lot of product
now i do it easily
i don't understand all the negative reviews.
maybe it just doesn't bother me enough to notice.
when i don't want to use my face wash
it did take a bit but nothing i'm not use to.
i don't think i'll change it in 5 years!!
it does the trick
does what it supposed to
never lets me down.
i definitely suggest this to anyone.
doesn't make me want to rip my eyes out or make them red it feels great on the skin too i'm in my 3rd bottle hope they never get rid of this
i can say that this works really well
not eye make up really
no need for that anymore
decided to give it a try
for $12, you can't beat this product!
never used a miscellar water so don't have much to compare to
i don't know what others were talking about.
which i will not name
you can't go wrong.
easy for anyone that doesn't want to spend a lot of time cleansing
it didn't ruin or remove the extensions whatsoever
very nice for travel or if you're on the go.
s that just don't get all my make up off
thought i would try this
i don't know why people are so put off by the smell -- it's not strong
i dont think i would ever have a reason to try a different br
when i say a lot i mean a lot
i can't believe i never tried this product before
if you don't have it, run to sephora and grab it!
i can't say enough good things about this micellar water
really make sure i remove all of my foundation
i won't bother trying another
if you don't have it
you're working way to hard to get your makeup off
i wish i could shower in this stuff.
i don't feel like anything really "works" as much as id like it to
i would recommend for sure
doesn't linger what so ever
i can only give it 4 stars because i do not have under eye circles or darkended undereyes
you will not like this at all
can't say if it helps with that
it seems to do a little something
could definitely tell a difference the next morning
i started to notice a difference if i didn't use it
this eye cream did exactly that for me!
that does go away
make up to make it part of your rountine
i couldn't wait to use this
i couldn't wait to try them as a set
since i got this product for free i decided why not use it
doesn't make it oily or anything
let's just say it hasn't let me down
preface this review by letting you know i take my skincare seriously
this is the first one where i can really tell a difference
it really does give my eyes more energy
does not irritate your eyes
it's all you need
it did make me look refreshed
i would definitely recommend it.
i am a pretty hard sell on eye creams because i ask a lot of them
i love that you only need a tiny bit of this.
i can definitely tell a difference
however this is my honest opinion
i tried everything from weird websites to apply to my face
also, yes it does what it says!
wondering where someone is
maybe that will change
does not make the eye circles disappear over time i think it just helps to look more awake
i would like to see some ingredients that help to depuff or amit wrinkle
t didn't do much for my dark circles
not much helps them
didn't really mind it
i would definitely recommend this!
deputf my eyes which was what i was looking to do
it actually makes them feel better too
i must say i'm not so surprised
dont get me wrong
its just the refresher i need when i'm getting ready
though i don't have any other eye creams to compare this to
i wasn't able to try it long enough to see if it helped dark circles
if you need a good am eye cream, get this!
you won't regret it!
while this does not erase them
it does help a little
it didn't irritate it
i don't like switching eyes cream bc i thought it could be unnecessary
i do think that my under eyes look more refreshed
while this doesn't completely eliminate them
don't know how i lived without it before
so make sure you stay around your eyes
nothing will really make them go away
it seriously does what it says.
i highly recommend to try this product if you want a light weight
i do not notice any depuffing.
that does not change my opinion of it
i do notice that after i use it
it doesn't irritate it
it did the trick
now i can't live without it.
you barely need any to get full coverage
can say that it is great for any type of skin
if you dont mind not having suds
i cannot believe how soft
i won't use anything else now!
if your like me
amount that you get
it's one of those ones that make you feel like your face is clean after using it
thats literally all i use anymore
it truly does what it is supposed to
that never did much for me
it does the same for me too
this one absolutely does
does not irritate it
you don't need to use much
people are always asking me what i use on my skin
i will never use anything else!
i rarely write reviews on products unless it is something that i would consider a staple/go-to
this does not leave a film nor does it dry my skin out
i don't use anything else
it does the job
i do like this stuff a lot however i'm not sure i would buy it again
doesn't try out my skin
i would definitely recommend giving this product a try
you only need a little bit.
i normally never write reviews
nothing satisfies me until i found them
the premise of this cleanser seemed to fit exactly what i needed
it keeps them away if you use regularly
i do know it's the only face wash that doesn't make him break out
doesn't dry like others do
i don't have to use a lot of product to get there
'm hoping over time it doesn't lose its effectiveness
i can't speak about that yet
try a sample before buying it if you're hesitant you won't regret it
does exactly what it claims to do.
you can tell it gets every little drop of makeup off your face
how you don't need much product to wash your entire face
i couldn't believe it!
yes it does sting at first
definitely recommend taking home a sample to try if it works for your skin
does what i need it too!
it won't really do all that much
i didn't really expect it to anyway
by supper time you couldn't even tell there had been a blemish
i'd give this product 6 stars if i could!
this spot treatment did wonders for him
the burn makes me happy because i know it's fighting the good fight
i don't know what i would do without it
honestly you don't need much at all
so when i started using this i don't really need to cover up my pimples at all
it doesn't get rid of them completely
i think i'm gonna keep using it
it takes all of my make up off and i love it.
i've gotten to the point where i'll try anything to keep acne away
if u feel a breakout or have one just dot this on it at night
i did not use this when i had that type of acne
you don't need a lot for each blemish so for me it lasts a reasonable amount of time
maybe if you have super dry skin you should try it before you buy it
i wouldn't use this all over the face
i wanted to make sure that my face was clear for it
so just like you
nothing seems to help-except this
even when i like a product
i hope it works for you as well as it did for me.
i didn't realize how small this bottle was
i say all that to say
it does every thing it says in the description
i will say that if i have a blemish
i really recommend it for peopl people with sensitive skin
i don't get how this product got bad reviews!
everyone should try it regardless if you don't see results right away
i can see that it's working
i can take a selfie and not want to cry!
anything that's small or older it doesn't seem to do much for
i would recommend it
i do not use it when my skin is clear.
you really do not need much
after continued use you don't notice that anymore
it doesn't get rid of it completely--will take a few uses for me--
when i do break out
just the tiniest amount is all you need
i don't know how i lived without it
it did not work for me at all
this is a product you can actually feel working when it's on your skin
even though it comes in a tiny bottle you don't need a lot of product to see results
i think it's my skin not the actual product because i encountered the same issues when i tried eradikate
you barely need to use any
then i tried this product... it actually works!
you don't get a lot of product for what it's worth
try it, you will not regret it.
know that nothing is going to take away a pimple overnight so this is a gem for me
if it doesn't work for you someone in your life will appreciate it
this product does what it claims to do.
i feel like you get very little product, though.
didn't think i'd like this
it won't take them away
makes you feel like you never applied anything to your face
you cant expect beauty products to work if you are not feeding your body what it needs ladies
but yes this cream rules.
really can't attest to what it says it can do
i can say that the smell alone is worth it.
i think i over-use it
you dont need too much product to cover your face
you don't need much to cover your entire face.
i did not think i was going to like it
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
they don't seem to do much for me
aren't going to "erase" anything much at all
i think for now
just make sure you don't use too much!
did not break me out
you dont have to use too much
uncomfortable i didn't know what to do
i am kind of worried with winter coming it may not be enought
you don't recognize it anymore
it was enough to make me want to purchase it.
although i still think i like korres better
breakout wise it did not change much
i cannot believe how well this stuff works.
will never try anything else
i cant comment on it erasing my age as i havent had enough time to use it
will let you know when fine lines are gone!
i don't really have any yet
i guess it's doing a preventative job in that regard
if i get it too close to my eyes
it is the one product that i can't live without
it did not irritate it at all
definitely give it a try.
i don't think i'll ever stop using this.
you don't need much
sometimes i notice the difference if i forget to apply it for a day
can't live without this one!
i would recommend for any skin type
i feel like i have to use a lot to cover my entire face
i will definitely try using this again if my skin clears up
i will never do without it
should certainly last a looong time
i don't know what i would do if they discontinued it
feel like i've just put it on
i can tell you that it works great as a makeup primer
we'll see if i look 25 still
can't live without it
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the price
i do like the pump though
i don't know how it really works for protection
i would definitely recommend this to anyone
it does everything for me.
t was sort of interesting because i didn't really know what dry skin was like
also not exactly something i wanted to stick around
i really do like it for this use!
decided to not bring it
one of which is not what i ordered
can't live without it every winter
give it a try if you wish!
cannot express any more how amazing this creme is 10/10
the only problem i find is that it can make my t zone a little shiny
i got this as a sample without much expectation as things like this you can seldom see any difference
everything you could ever want in a night cream!
i do not have any breakouts
i like to keep it that way
i can honestly say this cream has changed my skin so much
let me say that clinique is not a cheap
can't really say anything on a brightening effect yet
will never use anything else!
i've never really found a night cream that i like as i felt none really did anything for me
i didn't know there is an oil-free version of this product
this stuff doesn't cause any
i don't even care
the essential oils don't bother me whatsoever
all i really need is this
i would advise to try another product
you don't need much
i wouldn't give it 5 stars as i don't think i will be able to use as i get older as it's not heavy/strong enough
i would totally recommend it
don't be afraid to try something thats not oil free
it does everything it says it's suppose to do!
this one does the trick
i don't get as many breakouts anymore
definitely try this one out!
if you are hesitating to buy this try a sample
it also does not make my skin break out.
i feel super compelled to write this review for a few reasons
i can't say enough!!!!
can't imagine how great it would be if i did it daily
i honestly cannot hype this product enough
it probably has to do with your skin
i don't know why i waited so long to try this product
doesn't irritate it or break me out
but i just had to say something about this cream!
doesn't give me a headache
maybe it's mine only not sure anyone should try it
it doesn't require a lot of product
i absolutely have no idea why i did not try this sooner in my life
i don't write reviews often
i did not expect that at all
what more do you need?
if you put this before you go to sleep your skin will feel amazing when you make up
i don't feel i have compromised my skin look or treatment using this
wasn't really sure if i should buy it or not mainly because of the price tag
i cannot tell you how calm my skin is once i wake up
i do not know what i would do without this.
if you don't like the feeling of a thick cream you wont like this
i don't have to use much
i would suggest trying it.
then you won't be disappointed
it does not make me break out
this does the trick.
it helps to fully clear the skin of any zits you can't quite see
'd thought i'd give it a try
i can't wait to see how my skin turns out in the long run :
i don't use it every night
they could call it daily vitamins if they did make one haha
so recommend this product if u have same trouble like myself
i did not necessarily see acne go away
i would give this more stars if i could.
wasn't sure if i was really going to like this product
i definitely notice if i skip a day
then i decided to try this one
only if i am not careful
i can't go back
some places say it isn't i have no clue
i give it 4 stars because the only thing it can't do is clear up hormonal breakouts
let me say that with origins
you can't go wrong
it never makes me break out more importantly
i do not recommend this one
i can tell it works because when i'm lazy
it definitely does the trick
i do not want to over dry it
i can't wait to finish the other product
i don't wear much make up
i didn't think i could h
you don't need that much product anyway
i encourage anyone to give this product a try
not with this stuff
i don't have to do that anymore
does't "foam" the way i would like
this doesn't hurt my skin
it doesn't do anything special either
does not leave my skin tight so i like it.
this is my go-to skin care
i can't say enough about this product
so ok i'll give this a go
i love that a dab will do you!
i don't know if i would buy it again
i decided to go with this product
i just can't say that i want to shout off the rooftops after having used this product
it doesn't make me break out
i don't have areas of small breakouts anymore
it hasn't done any miracles
it does just what it says it will-cleans my face.
it did not make me break out-which can be an issue with most everything else i have tried
wouldn't trade it for anything
you don't need a ton to cover your full face
i got the travel size just to see if id like it first
the only thing i dislike is it takes time to take off
it didn't dry me out too much, either.
i apply this all over my t zone
decided to use this mask to try
the little time i did use it
i can always tell when i haven't used this mask because my skin starts breaking out
don't get me wrong
i do like this mask
it doesn't do anything for my existing breakouts
i really could not tell if it did anything for my skin
after it feels so now when i do this
i wasn't sure if this would dry me out.
it was not exactly what i expected
so you don't need a ton on your face
like you will have grey on your face
that's when you know to take it off
i would definitely recommend to anyone who has sensitive skin
when i don't have much time
i cannot do without this
cannot recommend this enough!
i don't know if this product is really the best at extracting them
doesn't really extract much but still love it!
does not completely solve the problem
for the price you can't go wrong
they do not actually stick to the mask
it does exactly what it says above.
this mask definitely does the job when you want to clear out your pores
you automatically notice how bright it makes your face
i decided to try this one to change it up
that's what i did
this mask really never fails.
it doesn't clear it completely
i couldn't believe my eyes after using this mask.
you can layer it on as well depending on how much you want on your face
you can really feel it working into your skin
it didn't feel good
i got this as a sample curious to see how it would work
i cannot wait to use it again
but we all know how much that can hurt the bank.
i did not expect this mask to be this amazing!
i wouldn't recommend it for cystic acne because it can make you break out to the point it's not worth it
not only does it do a great job cleaning your skin
worst thing to do would be to waste money on a "what if" product
i would definitely recommend this product.
it always does the trick
sometimes i'll use it before i go out to help clear everything before i put makeup on
then use this stuff again
after i did my research i decided to try this
i would definitely recommend this product to everyone
i can't believe how bright my face looks after!
this eye cream does what it is supposed to do.
i will give it that
it wasn't doing anything
t did not irritate my eyes at all
i'd like to know that when a product runs out
i would recommend it
you don't need much at all!
i definitely would recommend this to others.
would definitely recommend it!
guess it really depends on your skin type
not sure if this has much to do with that
i wouldn't rule it out
exactly what i need and does what it says.
can't live without it!
i wanted to try something better
i never thought i would find anything to help with this until i found this
imo i don't think their is much i could do to get rid of the darkness
this does not effect my eyes
let me tell you what you do not need more than a little dab of this
use a q tip for application so you don't end up taking too much
not sure if it really worked
this product does exactly that
didn't think i needed anything to intense
night so you do get some bang for your buck
you should try this product
doesn't break me out at all
it hasn't worked any miracles for me yet
i would reccomend this to anyone that needs an eye cream
i dn't know that i believe that it'll actually fade dark shadows
don't necessarily need all the other benefits right now
i would recommend this
i agree with another person that it doesn't sink in to the skin quickly
i can't say if it actually works yet
i kind of wish it was a little more emmolient
i do think it is a good product
wasn't willing to get just anything
yes it does help with fine lines
not that clinque is not good
don't expect it to do anything for your dark cycles/ eye bags
it doesn't do much for the lines
this is probably not the right cream
does not irritate my eyes
this cream isn't what you want if you want anti wrinkle
but this one does what it claims.
it absorbs quickly so that i can use it in the morning if i want
i found it wasn't doing anything
this does the trick
it didn't do too much of that
wont be my last
if your worried about your skin that its starting to age you cant go wrong with this eye cream
it was so bad i couldn't go to work because it hurt just to open my eyes
i can't wait to see the long term results of this product
you can put it all over your eyes.
i can put it on
that's something i'll have to live with
you don't need much product to get your face totally clean
it didn't work so well
it's definitely something you can overlook
because this cleanser does exactly what it says
this line was a life saver honestly if anyone underst
f you're ready to try a new skincare line this is what i recommend
doesn't really give me a matte look or anything
i don't know how much this actually clears pores
i take it everywhere
it did not disappoint
if you've tried everything to no avail
you must try this
so far i like it
i think if i used it more it would make me too dry
i definitely recommend giving it a try
i love that i don't need to use a lot
i does go away
this product does what it says it does make your face feel clean
this product does not
it doesn't really stop my oil
'm always oily no matter what
i dont see any difference in my pores
my face would never feel as clean as i wanted it
you won't regret it
everything that it is designed to do...it does!!!
doesn't give you that tight feeling on your face after use
all you need is a little bit, too.
you find that you get used to it
used with the clarisonic you really cannot go wrong
idk about the acne part tho doesn't do anything to make my breakouts go away
this is likely not for you
this stuff does the trick
i did need a little touch up
everything i tried would never work
no matter what skin type you may have
i do not need to do the same routine as the night because that drys my skin out
this doesn't really bother me
i think anyone could use it
this controls oil like you would not believe.
this will not help you
it doesn't do a thing towards fighting breakouts.
it didn't make me break out
you will be so happy
i think i'm going to get rid of "no zit
you don't need a lot per use.
it actually does what it says
i don't use this everyday
i can tell the difference
my face did not look any different
it was because i didn't give it just one more day
my sephora "go to" guy said i should give anything i use at least 2 weeks to allow your skin to adjust
i couldnt believe there wasnt any oil on my skin.
'll admit i was a bit hesitant to try this out
i can't recommend that product enough
this did not break me out
you can see the results immediately
it didn't cause breakouts or anything.
this preduct does everything that ot says ot does
its not too much for me
i prefer sheet masks but i did like this one.
if it's on for longer you will continue to smell it
i don't know why
i would get up
believe me i did try to buy other br
i can definitely feel the difference
i can see a big difference
decided to give it a try
thought i'd give this one a try
i don't use it often
i think it will be a great pick me up when my skin needs it
don't end up going too far
i like how quick i can use it.
if not the best
of course if u don't follow instruction
i think everyone who has dry skin should definitely get one
it does not break me out.
it's not what i would consider a "normal" looking mask
it is really convenient since you only leave it on ur face for a few minutes
you can use this as a mask
i wish i could sleep in it.
love that you don't even need to wash it off
t could work as a travel mask if you use a little bit
spread it all over you don't need much
i definitely need that
definitely recommend trying it out.
this mask does what it says.
this product really did it's work!
it just does what it is supposed to do.
i disagree with the last reviewer that the product doesn't last
if you really need results ur gonna have to leave it on for more then minutes
if there is any
not to mention it was 75
now i can't live without it.
a little does go a long way
the results do not last forever
this is a great value for anyone who wants to
does what it is suppose to do!
i dont mind putting more on
give something new a try
i feel like i can't properly control the amount i'm using
my other skin care did great
i can't say enough how much i love it.
doesn't break me out.
that's why i always check for the ingredients
this doesn't break me out.4.
i am just not used to it.
doesn't make me break out
wish i could get a bigger bottle
you really don't have to use a lot to get good coverage
i can usually find something in their line up that does what i need for the season
return it if it didn't work for me
i don't really need to use it much longer to know that i love it
i don't have this problem because i have normal skin
i do find i difference in my acne—it's clearing!
if you would like to do that
i definitely don't see any shine after applying
a little does go a long way
don't really see a huge change
it's the first time a product i use does not make my skin issue worse
if you don't like that
used it the following day to make sure it wasn't just a one time thing--it wasn't
i can't recommend it enough!
f you are oily then probably you would love it
i really don't have to touch up anymore
i normally don't take my time to write reviews
i normally never take the time to write reviews
it does what it's supposed to do
i definitely can't do without it now!
i love how little you need
not sure what it's like under make up
i don't think i'd recommend it for combination skin
i would recommend this product to anyone :)
it didn't make it worse
i realize that there is no product that will give me absolutely zero oil
even if i use primer
i do not have a need to blot
i can't feel it on my skin at all
it doesn't necessarily get rid of oil
i do not like the container
i do not recommend this product in the winter if you live in a harsh
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
t's perfect if you don't have time in the morning to sit
i certainly don't see an oil reduction
i don't break out much
it didn't really do anything for my acne
this stuff will help you be 'zitless'
which is not a bad thing either in my eyes
you'll see immediate results.
let me just say
overall i would agree!
a little can go a long way
so you can't expect flawless skin if you have some skin issues
you will see the miracle
you don't need to use that much i didn't know they sell the big bottles i guess it's only online
i felt like it did help a lot
if you leave the cover on
it definitely didn't clear everything entirely
cannot wait to do it again for a second time :)
if you get bad breakouts, you need this.
it actually did what it said it would do
it didn't get all tight
does this mask work miracles?
being a person who usually doesn't have that much acne i didn't really know what to do
i can't say enough good things about this mask!
i don't break out too often
it still does what it needs to do
figured out how to use it
this product does it all for me
i cannot recommend it enough
there's nothing i can really do
you do not need to apply a think layer.
something that i could leave on my face for a bit
i can't even comprehend how something could work that well
this mask is great if you don't have a lot of time on your h
don't give up on them until trying this mask.
it's the perfect chance to try it out
i can't live without this mask!
i can always tell when i've gone too long without using it because my skin starts to look bad
it doesn't fix the problems
i would definitely recommend you get this
you could definitely compare this to kate somerville 'eradikate'
nothing much more to say than i love it.
i never leave reviews because i know that not all products work for everyone
i would hate for someone to have a bad expirence based on my review
try the sample if you are even thinking about a new mask
if you're very sensitive to smell then this may not be a good choice
let me tell ya
i could hardly tell it was there when i put my makeup on
not my whole face
don't know if it will dry you out
use like once or twice a week when my skin isn't freaking out
my only complaint would be to make sure to not use it too often or it can dry out your skin
don't think it should be used daily anyways
i like to use it when i can see a pimple about to come out
one thing for sure is it may dry your skin out if you leave it on for too long
if you want to leave it on for a longer period of time you should follow with a hydrating mask
i do recommend to not use this every day as it can dry out your skin
it doesn't bother me
i would definitely recommend it!
i know you aren't supposed to use a face mask every day
it did not dry me out at all
which is what i was afraid of
if that makes any sense
i do recommend this mask if you are patient
anything i put on it makes me break out
was so afraid to try anything else from that line
just not great either
omly it will do wonders for your skin
but i can't deny that it works pretty well.
i hate wasting money or messing with returns so decided to just try the small pot
it really shouldn't bother you
i can't wait to get the bottle.
i don't mind that at all
however, the scent may bother you.
i learned that you can wear this overnight
i just want to say it's so great.
if you don't mind the smell i definitely recommend this product
i would totally recommend!
when i get them they stay on my face forever
i think everyone should give this a try
anyways if you're not sure whether or not you should try this
don't have a sephora near me
i didn't like it--who does?
can't wait to try that out tonight to see if i can get these last couple of spots to leave
i usually don't try new products because they almost always break me out
if you're having any hesitations
you won't regret it
i honestly can't believe how much this has changed my skin
i can't remember the last time my skin was this clear
it doesn't *poof* make everything disappear
i let it sit until it starts to feel dry
they did a good job
that would be enough to make me love it
i don't want to say that it isn't excellent
i do not have bad skin
i would say i leave it on for 30 min.
amazing would deff give it a try.
why oh why haven't i tried this sooner???
as a rogue member with hormonal acne i can tell you i have tried the gambit
you can for sure feel it doing work on your face
it does exactly that
i don't know why people complain about this not hydrating
since that's not at all what it claims to do
i would definitely recommend it.
it honestly doesn't do much of that either
i don't find that
it doesn't irritate me at all.
it doesn't work too well for my skin type
fresh you just want to keep applying
i def recommend you will not regret it.
you don't get a lot of product for the price
in fact everything else i tried
you can surely see that it is working!
i find that you don't need even close to the full squirt your given
you can see results the first time you use it
i recommend it for anyone :
i didn't expect to like this
i do recommend this product
i do like it though.
is just not enough!!
the only thing that i don't really like too much about this is the smell
but i can't deny how amazing it is.
i don't want to be without it
i never use a full-face application anymore
i will never allow myself to run out of them!
i don't feel i get all of the product out
i didn't expect that anyway
i can apply my makeup on rather quickly which makes me happy
this product did that for me
will have to find something else to try
the only thing i don't like is the packaging that it is in
not only because theres no assurance that its empty
i also hate how you don't know how much product is left in the container
i can't say i actually notice any difference in my pores using this this product
i don't know what i would had done if i didn't use the sample that i got from sephora
i actually like the pump
does the job for me
not only does it feel
i alway dreaded putting moisterizer on my clean face not any more
i can't say enough about this moisterizer it is a must try if u have oily skin
it does exactly what it says
just be sure to rub it in completely or else you may see grey areas on your face
the worry is real
you don't have to use as much as you'd think
if you don't want a heavy cream this may be enough
it doesn't show up at all
it helps you prevent problems before they happen.
as i don't know how effective it is in everything it advertises
this is the only moisturizer i've tried that didn't make me break out
you only need a little bit for your whole face
never want to live without it
if you can get a sample go for it
not feel like its too much
remember it not gonna take ur black heads all in one or two uses keep using it at least a month or two then see if u see results
you will see a difference in the way your face feels when you use this moisturizer
i don't know if i was the only one having this stange
i didn't really know if it was doing anything to my skin until i ran out of this product a few days ago
i cannot wait until my online order comes in the mail with a new container of this stuff
it does everything it promises.
if you dedicate real time
it will work wonders on your skin
give everything else away to friends
anything else in your pours
it also clears any blemishes that look like they want to come out
not sure if i want to keep paying that much
did not expect to love this product
so far i like it
try to make sure you don't press too hard otherwise too much will come out
i don't think anything will really solve my oily skin
you'd never know once you rub it in though
won't hesitate recommending it to my friends
i know it says "cooling"
i don't think i can afford to constantly buy it or use it as my "main moisturizer"
you get what you pay for
easy to control how much product you get out
so not much gets used
use a little or as much of the product as you want
the only thing i dont like is there is no way to see how much product you have left
cannot tell how much i have left because it still feels heavy
t doesn't make feel like there's anything on my skin
i fear it's not going to last me as long as i would like
i felt they never really did what they said they would
it does give me the look of a silicone base if you know what i mean
i would definitely try it out
does it get rid of my lines?
not really to be honest
it won't make me look 10 years younger
i really do like this eye cream.
this is the first eye product i have found that doesn't bother my eyes
do not react to any of the ingredients in this product
you only need a little bit
this does the trick
i think i need something stronger
i just think i need something stronger
i didn't have much fine lines
i don't have much
give it a go - you won't be sorry!
this certainly is exactly what i wanted.
i do not have any wrinkles yet
can't comment on how it works on wrinkles
no one can ever tell-its amazing
found just what i need.
i decided to give it a try
you only need a little bit
i can easily tell a difference in my eyes on the days i use it
i didn't want this to work.
people have told me i never look tired any more
not giving 5 stars only because i'm the person who always thinks maybe there's something else better out there
would definitely recommend it
this does just that
i may not be the best judge because i don't have a lot of correction needed
i can really tell a difference.
i am going to wait
it does not irritate
i don't really have anything to compare this to
at this point there's really no way of knowing how well it's working in that regard
while i didn't notice any miracles
the best part is that it does not bother my skin around my eyes
but if money is no problem-would recomend
it doesn't irritate my eyes like most do
you really don't need a lot at all
can't say much about the lines
i don't have many
it is a little to soon to tell
decided to give it a try
i don't have much to improve
sometimes there is nothing i can do about mother nature altering her time line
i did not want to go under a surgeon's knife
i really think so.i wear eye make-up daily.
nothing can beat getting a good night's sleep
sometimes eye products really bother me
figured i would try this since i can't seem to find my hg eye cream
could not believe how my eyes looked
i think if i keep using these
i don't think i could say enough good things about these pads
so figured i'd give these a try
everytime i use these
f you want something gentle
probably need a full pad to do the face
so do yourself a favor
you get a lot of product for what you pay
can honestly say they have worked for me
you can't use them for 5 days as another reviewer complained
those kind of reviews always slay me.
you can't expect them to remove 20 years of wear
this does exactly that
i am a female just to let you know
you will fall in love!!!
do yourself & your skin a favor!
you have to try them - you won't be sorry!
i would definitely recommend this!
i find i need a pump
so you don't need that much
everytime they bring out a "new" version i'm worried that it won't be as good for my skin
but every time they really do make it better.
wanting to switch things up
definitely can see the difference.
i can't speak for how well it does with wrinkles
i think it does
what do you want?
i just want to stop time now (unrealistic?
yes but one can always hope).
don't really know how much it's doing for anti aging
it didn't make me break out which is always good
this product does the trick.
i didn't think i'd like it so much
honestly i don't know about the glow
i wouldn't go as far as saying this is a miracle serum
i didn't have to use as much of it
i don't know why i stopped using it
i can attest that it does exactly what they say it does
i could tell the difference when i would put make up on
you will not be able to stop touching your face after you use it
i will never go without this serum again!
i find that i don't need primer when i put foundation on right after this product
it did not work out for me
i can't wait to see what my skin looks like after a month
i decided to give try even though my purpose was not radiance
would definitely recommend giving it a try.
so far i like it
please go back clinique
i can't say enough good things about this product
not a word i use often
it lays nice under a moisturizer however don't expect anything life changing
but this is a product i never skip.
after reading the rave reviews on this stuff i figured i should give it a shot
it does what it says
it acts like a primer if you want to wear foundation on top of it
can't wait to see the results after my first bottle or so :
hope they don't discontinue this one
now i honestly feel i can't live without it
if i go a few days without it i notice a difference
i didn't have to use as much of it
if you could get over the smell than it might be okay for you
i can wear foundation again bc it doesn't get caught in my dry patches because i don't have any anymore
i could definitely say if you have dry skin this product might be the right choose for you
the cream doesn't sit on top of my skin either which i hate
no matter how much you use
i don't mind the splurge on this product because it was the only thing that worked
a little does go along way.
that is exactly what the product is claiming to do
which is why its a good thing that it doesn't absorb into the skin right away
that's how you know this product is working
now i hardly even use a foundation or a bb cream when i go out of the house
just want to share with you that this is my skin saver
i hope clinique never stop making this
then i apply this
i don't fully rub it in i let it sit
this doesn't break me out at all.
i highly recommend this if you want to combat those dry
i wouldn't be able to use it
i dont use it at night
it does what it says
i can't explain why
i really didn't realize how dry my skin was until this product
i absolutely swear by this moisturizer because it is a product that does exactly what the name promises
i can see how some might find it too "greasy" if you are predisposed to naturally produce oil
i knew i needed to try it
this is the only thing that doesn't make me break out
you can't see it
i don't think you will be disappointed.
please do not hesitate.
t will take you forever to use up this jar
gave it a try as so hard to find something that is not greasy
t does last awhile
if you use too much it can feel like it sits on your skin for a while
decided to try this product
wwait a little bit before applying make up after you've out this in do it has a chance to getabsorbedd by your skin
this cream does the trick for me
don't need to use a lot
never found one i couldn't live without
does not completely sink in
you won't regret it
unfortunately it does not completely sink in
don't look any further
it didn't need this like i thought it did
i needed something not to heavy
i can't get over how good of a product this is.
otherwise i cannot recommend this enough.
i cant feel nothing
if you touch it you can definitely feel it
would be careful unless you have very dry skin as i do
i don't write reviews
you can put as much on as you need
now that i'm 50 something my skin
i don't think i'll ever be able to use another moisturizer
if you are thinking about getting this don't think
you won't regret it!
defiantly something i can over look because of what wonders this dose for my skin
you will be completely happy
this will not disappoint
you get used to it
not sure if i would buy again because i finished it so fast
figured i would give it a try
do not ever discontinue or i will legit go to clinique headquarters
seriously you must have it ladies
your skin will help you for perfect look
together they really do the trick
when i need it
face that i didn't think would be repairable
it just didn't look the same.
i've never had any that does what this one does
you'd never be able to tell it's the middle of winter just by looking at my skin
it doesn't make me break out.
i need to go back
you'd like to see some change
i don't know what it is
the reviews of people in my age group convinced me to give it a try--so glad i did
no matter what i would do to my face
i wanted to lighten them
my skin looked good but it don't do too much.
i didn't break out but i wanted something more.
this product is my absolute can't live without.
you guys need to re-market this product
i mean this is finally the end of my search for my "can't live without" product
!ladies, you have to try this
said "this is what you want"
i don't know if it removes or lessens wrinkles since i don't really have them--i have been taking good care of my skin all my life
i just want to warn you girls with oily skin that you probably will not be able to use this before applying make up
did not give me breakouts
usually we try to see a difference even when there isn't much of one
wanted to see what i could try to fix it topically first
of course nothing is going to completely remove them
it does what they say it will do.
shoots out so much product that you waste more than you use
can honestly say it's worked wonders for me
this does not irriate my eyes at all
it does do something.
not sure how to spell that?
am not sure about how well this works
if you've got the money
if you want instant gratification
it does not last all day.
it does not disappoint
it does what it claims
i can't believe it!
i couldn't believe it
i just didn't see the results
not sure if i will buy again
i don't know exactly when they disappeared
because if i skip a treatment
i can really tell
i can live without it.
it doesn't get any easier!
so decided to try it
more if you count going out for dinner.
i don't know if the results are temporary yet
have i finally found something that does what it says it will do?
at first i did not see any difference when using this
i love that u can apply it all the way to the lash line
give it about 20 minutes then compare it to ur other eye
especially when i don't use it
i didn't even know i needed this product.
i would suggest getting the power treatment set b/c you get to try the eye cream
see if you like it
first of all, i don't write reviews.
i will use this forever!
does pretty much what it's supposed to do.
it hasn't bothered them one bit
the one item i don't forget to use at night
she told me that once i started using this i should not stop
it does what it says
a sephora rep made sure to tell me not to follow the instructions on the bottle
not now.try this.
i wasn't sure if this product really was doing anything
i will not go without this again!
let it set a bit
i will not do without this product again
i got every last bit out of the other til i could get this one
they def recommended me a product that i will honestly say i will be using for a long time
not sure how it works
i really didn't see much improvement
when i laugh i could see it in the pictures now i barely see it
i can't believe how fast
i would absolutely suggest this to anyone
won't be without it.
can't tell if it made a big difference or not yet
however i don't believe a single product can perform a miracle
i like the product enough
the crepiness was really bothering me
it didn't feel like anything on my eyes
not something anyone else would be able to notice
something i could tell whenever i put on eye shadow
didn't want to be without
can't be without this product
it is hard to tell how much is left
does exactly what it says.
this doesn't make me crazy to pay for
if anyone has another product
please let me know
you have to see it to believe it.
you can feel it on contact.
you don't need to use a full pump
what bothers me the most
i would say that it does well on wrinkles
nobody told me i had to invest in a gentle way to remove it
if you dont use it for a day
get the sample before you buy and see if it works
i sometimes hesitate to spend this much on a product
you definitely need to let it soak in
this doesn't bother them at all
i don't know if you are supposed to
i won't hesitate to buy this again
i cannot believe what a difference this product has made not just on my eye lids
i don't even need to wait to apply make-up
never want to be without it
i don't need anything else
this serum does exactly what it says
i never thought i would find any product that would lift
i can't tell you how many friends ask me
think i have tried them all
you need one pump
does everything i need without making me oily
it also doesn't leave my face looking
i didn't know much about kate's line of products until trying this serum
i couldn't believe it either.
love it- a little does go a long way
i find myself wanting to touch my face to see how soft it is
i can't live without it.
not sure if its doing anything that is that noticeable
now i can't live without it
it doesn't make too much oil
i want to try every oil-free product she has
it does not break me out
lets just say i cannot live without u oil free quench
it looks so healthy that i don't really want to put foundation over it
i know i can use this at night
you could not see my skin peeling anymore
did not irritate my skin whatsoever
i hope i'm never without this!
have tried every product there is you can think of
i am sure you will not regret this purchase
if i want to treat myself i use this
i can throw everything else away
i don't know how this product did it
i will never go back to any other cleanser.
i can feel to what it say it does
you can't feel it if you do clean you face while taking a bath
you only need a little bit
let me tell you
when i use something else
fine lines--you name it
i think that stuff like this always works differently for other people
i can really see a difference
the only thing i don't like is the pump
when it got here i decided to give it a try
not only did i never return it
it's hard to find things that don't anger my skin
it didn't clear out my t-zone like i had hoped
i do think it's worth the money
though i don't use it directly on my eyes
i will say make sure to be careful it got everywhere makes whatever it gets on black
this one does it all
this cleanser does exactly what it says!!!!!
something i have never said or even thought about my skin
give a shot, you won't be disappointed.
you definitely get what you pay for
i cannot believe what this is doing to my skin
it's doing everything i want
my skin has never been this amazing before i can't live without it
i really do notice my skin is better
i feel like i don't even need a whole pump.
i feel extra clean every time i use this
it's been a struggle to find something that can really clean my skin
this guy did the trick
this cleanser is really great if you want to break down your make up
couldn't figure it out
now i feel like my skin can literally not live without this product
i literally do not break out anymore it's incredible
it does get close
the product doesn't go very far
what i don't like is that you have to use a lot to clean your face
i still think it's a fine cleanser to use when you feel like you want a deeper clean
again i can not use everything on my face
didn't know what to expect from this cleanser
he can't live without it
this cleanser surprised me the first time i used it because i didn't know it was warming
i would absolutely recommend!
ards you would want
first let me say
didn't dry me out and didn't leave any film.
this product does neither of those things.
i think it does what it says in the description.
i think if they actually tried the product they wouldn't focus only on ingredients
if you want to treat your skin
you have to try this it is like no other
you will be glad you did
i didn't seem to have luck trying to get one or two drops that way
does exactly what it says it will do!
then you'll love this oil!!!
didn't actually seem to have tried the product
i also feel like it does what it professes.
you wont regret it.. try for a month.
especially if your 40 like me!
a little dab will do ya!
do notice it helps give me a lift
didn't want to use the whole sample too fast
decided i would see how it would work on there
i feel like it will take forever for me to even get through my sample size
now that i know it works
not sure that's one of the claims
i can't speak to if this is s choice for you
however i feel compelled to write one for this product as it gives me such a glow
can never go without
thought i would just go with something cheaper
when i run out i do notice the difference
it does what it claims to.
i promise you won't believe the results
om breakouts that when they do happen they are those bad ones that really take awhile to go away
" or whatever were really bothering me
i'll never know what might happen when trying new products
it actually does what it says
not sure which cream i'll commit to since i love the algenist
for $94 i feel it should do it all
i can say without a doubt
not sure if i will order because of those pesky pegs
if you like this cream, try the genius cream too!
i've yet to find something to do that much
t did seem to firm my skin up
people ask me what i use on my skin
i'd give this product 10 stars if i could!
thinking it wouldn't do anything like most products
it does go a long way
i don't think i need a lot of firming
anyway, this product works, it really does.
my skin looks better with this than anything else i've tried
so given the rave reviews i decided i would try it out
i wanted something that would firm
i don't know how to verbalize it right
here is the not so good news: my commas only look about 15% better
lets just say that turbo'ed it's way back to sephora 30 days later
it did absolutely nothing for my commas
this cream does do what it says; firms and lifts.
just want to find something rich
does not break out my skin
once again it didn't disappoint
i don't expect any miracles on my 67 yr
i recommend trying this one.
it makes my skin feel better using versus days that i don't
didn't realize how well it worked
one of the few things i can say is absolutely worth it
don't care if it does a darn thing to my skin from a wrinke to firming i love the look of my skin with this on
it didn't even out my skin as much as i thought it would
don't stop at just the face either
i can't afford this stuff
this stuff doesn't bother me at all.
have to use something else
i cant wait till the algenist comes
not sure exactly how it does what it does
i do wish they weren't so expensive
if you can afford it, get it :)
so far i like it
so don't need a lot of firming
i only use it at night because it doesn't have spf
i didn't expect it to
lol it might be just me though.
you can feel and see it working.
there aren't any out there.
if you're like me
after you try this
you'll know why it's worth so much
u can see that it works right away
even when i dont
believe it or not
but anyways, i used this on my neck.
i wish i could afford this.
because i can't think of any product that worked on those lines
if you try this
i don't think that it can really lift
i don't really think it has changed my skin
but it was starting to happen to me.
i am blown away that it could actually affect my skin so much
you will notice a difference before your first bottle is done
if i stop using it
can't say enough about this product
i can tell you this or this combo has done amazing things
didn't have the results i wanted
i did want something that can delay the process
decided to try something new
if you don't return it!
i do notice fine line
i can actually see a difference
i didn't want it taken out of context
tells me it's doing something other than sitting on top of my skin
the only thing i didn't like was the pump it doesn't dispense enough product
does not work like youthology like i thought it would
we'll see how that goes
i honestly could never tell if it did anything or not
even if you don't have any wrinkles or just bare minimum i would see the difference around my eyes
if you stop using it you will notice tthat the skin around your eyes is more pronounced than before
thought i would try it
i like it so far
it's not causing any problem so far
which i don't have anyway
i can tell a huge difference
when i don't use it
i can't tell you exactly what it is about this
i do no have this problem with algenist.
when i say tried
i mean i used them day
it does what it claims
i'd think someone paid for this
i can do my eyes like i want to again
does this mean it will work for everyone
can't say if this would help that at all
t should last awhile
it's not all of the time which makes me think it's interacting with other face products
that it doesn't contain things i don't want on my face
i don't notice the little fine lines that were starting to show up anymore
i can feel and see the difference!
if i need to perk myself up
i am not going back to the arbonne.
it's such a good product i'm willing to ignore the smell
'm going to continue to use it
i think that's mostly because i don't go outside a lot nor get fresh air?
no longer need to apply professional primer anymore
not for my t zone
it didn't bother me
i highly recommend you try it.
doesn't break me out
it does what it is meant to do.
no texture anymore either.
i decided to give this one a try
if you are the type with easily irritate able skin you should definitely use this
i can't get enough.
then i found this in my bag although i was hesitant to use it i did it anyway
i don't know why this is working now
i would definitely recommend.
(not sure) who recommend me this one at first!
i wouldn't really call myself oily even then
you can always ask for a sample to try first
i decided to try this instead
know the second i put something on my skin if it will work or not
i don't really need to use my foundation at all
it absolutely doesn't, though.
though i do think it needs steps beforeh
i don't think that this is the product for you
it does not make you break out at all
whoever thought this was expensive obviously doesn't shop much at sephora
i don't think it gives me a matte finish like i was hoping/expecting
i might keep it because it's a good product all around- i wish it did give me more of a matte finish
it does exactly what it claims
you can only smell it when you first put it on
this wonder in a jar does just that
i didn't really like it because i was putting on too much
you do not need a large amount of it
the product doesn't make me break out
i seriously get anxiety if ever i run out of it.
it doesn't bother my skin
for all those complaining about it making you more oily it did do that to me a little
not to the point where it would make me stop using it
this cream is everything i could ask for
i am beyond happy with the results that i even dare to go without make up
do yourself and your skin a favor and get this!!!
i don't know how korres does it
i don't know what i'd do without this product.
it is nothing to get too upset about
i cannot tell you how much money i've spent
not only does it not make me more oily
what is going on????
please bring this product back!
please bring us back together!
i cant imagine how great my skin will look after
every store i have close to me dont sale it anymore
i can use it when i'm 50??
i can't imagine ever using anything else!
so i decided to try this.
dosen't end up in my enormous collection of products that i hate or that don't work
i didn't think it would work for me
i do not know what is the magic in this balm that works so well for me
this will not disappoint
instantly made me think that it would make a great primer
i did not hesitate to test it out as such
if you read the reviews you might be a little bit confused
you will not be able to stop touching your face
the scent doesn't bother me at all anymore
i hardly ever write reviews
wow i can really tell the difference on days when i didn't use this the night before
it doesn't take much to apply
so you will really get your use out of the jar
besides that i don't use any other products
i didn't think i would notice a difference
can i just say
if you can get past that
i don't know what it is doing or what kind of sorcery it uses
i know every time i use it
on your face- you're going to hate this
i didn't see much of anything
it didn't break me out one bit
definitely love and would recommend to anyone.
i don't think i ever want to live without it at this point lol
if the beautiful rose scent isn't enough to make you want to try it then keep reading
i don't believe at this point i could live without it lol
thick yet it does not break you out
i cannot wait to wash my face when i come home to use this
i can't wait to try the eye cream because i cannot find anything to brighten my eyes
it does not seem to be doing anything for fine lines at this time
it does give you a new glow that will have you taking pictures
it has yet to do anything amazing to my skin
didn't get much sleep
i would recommend this product to anyone!
seems to do the trick
this product does not bother me
i don't know if this is doing anything to even my skintone
i can easily see a difference in my skin when i run out
don't order another in time
it does everything it says its suppose to do.
i recommend it for everyone.
this doesn't break me out
f you do not like that smell then beware
doesnt feel like i have something on my face
which i never usually do.
i did not find it rich enough to be a night cream
even when you don't use a lot of the product
this product did not break me out
you don't need a lot
i can not live without this product!
i see if difference.
i can't recommend it enough
if you want healthy soft glowing skin then please try it
if your deciding if this one is worth it
get why that could make people hesitate
if you can't st
just another korres product i can't live without now that i've tried this
i think it does help to even out skin tone
would definitely recommend it to anyone
it didn't bother my face at all
it didn't bother my skin at all
i would definitely recommend this.
hadn't done anything else new
i don't mind or find it to be overpowering
i do think the packaging is a miss
doesn't seem to break me out
you can really feel it breaking down all your makeup
if you compare it to other br
though i was skeptical when the sephora makeup artist recommended this product because it didn't look like i would expect a cleanser to look
you can control how much you use
you don't need too much
if you're of a certain age
my skin looks so good that it looks like i didn't need to put any skincare on it
can't wait to see how she likes it
i don't need anything else.
i did not want to even consider this cleanser when i first saw it
it doesn't take a lot of product to get the job done
it comes with a cloth that i think people forget to use
i just cannot see myself spending so much on something that goes down the drain
maybe i will get this as a treat yo self thing.
i recommend this to everyone except around the eyes
this makes me feel like i'm at the spa when i take off my make up
doesn't make me break out?
does what it says it does
once you know how to use this, it's great.
tho do be careful around eyes
yet i was fine when i didn't wash my face
you don’t mind not using it on your eye area then it could save you a lot of money since i felt i didn’t need a moisturized afterwards
i don't know if anyone else has ever noticed there skin doesn't love true moisturizer creams
i would have given it 5 stars if only it didn't sting my eyes so badly
only thing that i didn't like is that i can't use it around my eyes
it's really not a big deal for me because i use an eye make up remover anyway
i don't think the cloth is absolutely necessary.
anywhere else on my face
even when i don't wear make-up
have to mention that it did not break me out even though i have normal/oily combination
'll repurchase something else when it's done
i didn't expect it to
doesn't break me out
i cannot give enough praise on this one
you don't need to use much product for this one to work
won't make me break out or anything like that
it doesn't even look like i've used any
not get any in your eyes
it can irritate them.
make sure you don't get it in your eyes
i think this tub will last me a long time
i would recommend this to anyone
s does wonders to keep them looking young
you really need to make sure it is completely removed or it will sting your eyes
you need only a little
i like using this
if that’s your preference or if you do not have sensitive skin
i do get the occasional breakout
you only need about a dime size so this product will go a long way for it's price
i decided to give this a try
i think everyone should lay off them
no matter how oily you are
perhaps if you are more sensitive to smell it would bother you?
i say give it a try!
really red if it doesn't agree
i feel like it's just too over powering to put directly on your face
does exactly what it's supposed to
think i will get a lot of use from one jar
it does seem to need a little extra work
if you don't use this exactly as the directions say it won't work as well
you do have to make sure not to use to much
i can use it with my clarsonic too!
if you're willing to spend
this is the way to do it
figured i had nothing to lose
i didn't like it at first
it doesn't at all
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to try something different
you'll wonder what you did before
they really bothered me
didn't want it showing all over my face
i can't believe how it instantly makes my fine lines disappear
don't let the price scare you, it works.
yes this is something
you do see a more plumped
use it right before you go out and it works.
it honestly for me happens right before my eyes
unless i find something i like better lol
you really only need a little
i know not all products work for every person.
reading all these reviews is nothing uncommon that i don't hear daily basis
it doesn't mention this
you do not need as much as the instructions claim
i do not like the applicator which is why i gave it 4 stars
does not even feel like you have anything on your face
we couldn't believe our eyes!
all i can say is omgggg
you will not believe the change in your skins look
it makes you look
i never would have believed it if someone told me
it did not disappoint
can definitely see the difference
not too early to start if you're over 30.
i don't use everyday anymore
not twice a day like it directs you to
i certainly lilke it enough to contunue using
stuff is too expensilve to have to throw any away
i don't have alot of wrinkles or anything like that to worry about
can't comment on how it does with those
i can say that it feels really nice when i put it on
this one did not disappoint!
the salesperson at sephora assured me that i could return it to the store should that happen
you got what you are paying for
ing what your skin does
though i dont have a lot of wrinkles
what do they do?
with that in kind, i decided to give this a try.
this product is jot supposed to make a difference right away
wont complain ovr that
cannot recommend it enough
you can see if you start using it, then stop.
while some say they " aren't bad wrinkles" we're always hard in ourselves
it won't happen overnight
we arent going tl notice the subtle changes in ourselves for the first few weeks
would urge you to give it a try.
i think i should take a bath in it
if you want to see your face look 10 years younger use ptr products
i am 68 and did not expect this kind of change.
i just hope they never stop making it.
or go to home depo for that can of spakle
ptr said it better then i could!
can't tell when almost out
anything that you can imagine
this was the only thing i did different.
the days i skip using it i can tell
i knew i had found something that might actually make a difference
trust me i've tried them all
it surely did save my skin
not always since i don't always wash it
i do not find it offensive at all
that doesn't fully take care of the issue
that's also not a big deal to me because i'm just using this at night
i honestly don't think it's as bad as everyone makes it out to be
it does't bother me because i can't smell it when it's on my face
glowy which is exactly what i want
can't wait to try more ole henricksen products
this does not break me out or irritate
figured it couldn't be *that bad*
i find a good moisturizer that does what i need difficult to come by
i couldn't believe how many people were complaining about the smell
i think it's great to put on before applying make up
so far i do really like it
if you can look past it
at least it didn't bother me that much.
if you can get past the smell
so i must say that i'm ok with the smell.
it didn't bother me that much
there's no way you won't be satisfied
didn't work "miracles" on my skin
dont let the bad reviews about smell deter you from trying it
i am not sure how much i feel it has helped wrinkles
i normally don't write reviews
has cleared my skin enough so that i barely even bother with makeup anymore
please continue to make this product forever
asked what product i use
not sure if it actually depuffs
no break outs what so ever
trying to get my skin as good as it can look
i don't know exactly how much vitamin c is in it
it probably does a fine job
i don't think i can st
just not for me
i am afraid i could only use it in winter
don't let the negative reviews over the smell sway you from trying it out
don't get what the fuss is all about
this is my first time using anything from ole henriksen
really you can't go wrong with his stuff.
it does not feel heavy
i think this texture makes me probably use more than i need
i highly recommend you try this if you have dry skin
it wasn't doing anything
it didn't break me out
can't wait to try the rest of the line.
so i decided to try it again and voila!!
you don't need a lot so this product will as you a long time
it doesn't bother me
i don't know what people are talking about
it really does not bother me
we'll see how it goes in a month
just a nice product to have around even if you don't use everyday
i got it anyway because i wanted to get free shipping on an order
i keep it in my purse in case i or someone else needs it
i must say that this is a great alternative to taking medications everytime i get a headache
ready to go wherever you go
f you like/don't like that be aware that it will do that
this has caused me to take advil on a daily basis which i know is not good to do
i decided to try it
i wasn't sure whether this would work
i keep it with me wherever i go!
didn't know if i wanted to let loose of the twelve dollars for such a little bottle
i even use it on my 4
i think the effect goes away quickly now if i could only get my husb
it really does help to destress
although this does not make the headache magically disappear
it does make it numb enough that i can actually function
it doesn't interfere with it
now i do all the time
you name it i tried it
i don't think this would be great if you have dry skin
by that i mean
i still did not need to touch up
don't use it if i am going t be extremely active
doesn't break me out
i don't have to worry about breakouts like i do with most makeup primers
can't say enough good things about this product!
would absolutely recommend to anyone!
i can't be without it now.
this one did the trick.
it does not make me break out either.
really, i couldn't recommend it enough.
it honestly helps if u have sensitive skin
i do not like how much u get for the $ u pay.
that is why i will not give it 5 stars
you don't have to use a lot
it doesn't take care of the problem 100%
or you can use it at night
it surprised me to see so many people expressing negative reviews as i found this serum doing exactly what it is supposed to do
i may be wrong
i would definitely recommend this product
the only thing i would change is to have a flip cover instead of twist-on one
not sure how this hasn't worked for some of you.
i really don't know why this product gets so many negative reviews
the more i use it i think it will just get better
i didn't mind it at all
doesn't happen with this one!
i do not break out from this
everything you need in it.
i would recommend it to anyone my age
decided to give it a try
i did not feel dry like other br
can't say enough good things about this wash
doesn't break me out
i can't live without it
unfortunately i'm not at a point in my life where i can drop $100 on a moisturizer anymore
so you want to give it time to absorb
this really does what it claims!
in the back of my head i feel like i'm just gonna end up getting it again though because it actually worked
i will probably only purchase again if i do not find something better
it does not get 5 stars because i felt that it did not really moisturize my face very much
i wouldn't wear it alone.
it does what i want
you don't need to apply much
it did not disappoint
i never review anything
pls resist the urge to do this or it will just sit ontop of the skin
this is a 5/5 for me forsure i cant live without it now
don't want to be without it now!
not just a quick fix
enough to make people think you got your beauty sleep
this is the only thing that i've tried that i could really tell a difference
although it does make a difference
i would definitely but it again.
the only thing i don't really like
this product does not irritate whatsoever
it does not irritate
it does exactly what it says
we cannot get enough
couldn't do much to fix it
it doesn't do much
then nothing really does
it really did work
so you couldn't tell i had been upset
thought i would give it a try
i wasn't so sure about this one
it does exactly what it promises!
which is does not at all
you can feel it right after you put it on
i don't rub them
i do feel like i see some de-puffing
i can use this anytime i want.
its so easy to do
i do feel like there is some depuffing
i don't know if this actually does anything
i dont leave home without it.
this product does everything it promises!
you will require sleep sometimes!
but making you look more awake, not really.
does not take it away completely
this stuff seems to do all it promises.
i like the fact that i can tell the minute i put this on that it has soothing agent
i keep it with me all the time to give my eyes a little pick-up whenever i feel like it
if i dont wear make up to work which i usually dont if im wearing glasses
then again i really dont think there is anything out there to help my situation short of plastic surgery- no thanks ive come to terms with my eyes over the years
decided to try it for myself
something i should've done from the get go
you'll easily get 6 months use out of this
when you look at it that way
decided to try something new
break me out or are not rich enough
i don't need to use a lot to cover my face
i can't help it
but this one didn't.
what more can i ask for!
it does not promise to remove your wrinkles or make you look 20 years younger
i don't care that this product is not made for me
whenever i forget to wear my clarins for even one day
t's not just that this doesn't cause me breakouts
this one does not disappoint
this oil really does everything it says it does.
they cannot even compare
you get what you pay for.
you may not need this
but i do, and i will pay $80 for it.
nocother facial lotuon ever did this for me altough many claim so
thought i'd give it a try
i can't wait to try the night products.thank you!
i wanted it to not make a difference with my skin
however, omorovicza never lets me down.
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
for anyone that is on the fence about purchasing any of these products dont be you will be glad that you did
wanted to try something new
it does what it says
they do something really unusual for my skin
night after night i cannot believe how good this makes my skin look
think your skin does get used to it
i can't say how much i love it
i just wanted to inform anyone who's considering omorovicza products to please keep in mind sephora does not provide a full list of ingredients
this was the first i've tried that does not do that
don't know whether it works for everyone
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
never felt compelled to write a review before
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
i can honestly say it's worth every penny
i can't get enough of them
almost can't wait for this to run out
since that's all i can afford
i want to try everything in the line
it keeps acne away even when i see something coming i put this one
don't know about that
does help clear out your skin
as you don't need to use much
get this little wonder mask
i promise you this does what it claims
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
save $$$ where you can
it does not cause uncomfortable feeling at all
you also don't need a lot of product it goes a long way
please believe me when i say it is worth it
it's a must have for me.
don't let this scare you off
i will use the old adage you get what you pay for
try it, you can always return it.
i can seriously use this
you don't expect to always see amazing results
like me- this is a must add to your routine
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
if you don't mind the price
a little does go a long way.
i know the price tag is really out there
it doesn't do anything other than cleanse the skin
i can definitely tell a difference in my 49-year old skin
they do what they promise
feel ready to write a review
i don't know if it's from this or just gradually because of time
i did not think it was greasy
figured once something works
t's not too much of a problem
it doesn't break me out
it does not bother me at all
doesn't do as much as you would think
i do like it in general
the pump just doesn't seem to get much out
or even if they think they are hydrating the truth is they're really aren't
i will recommend this to everybody
this does not make my face look shiney
gave it 4 stars because i cannot comment just yet on the correcting aspect
doesn't really give you a look that you want to run out of the house with
by waiting, i found that did not happen.
see if i want to use it all year
it doesn't bother my skin no matter what
some do not like how it smells, but i enjoy it.
the product does not break me out
let me tell you
i can keep going
i wish they made a travel size of this stuff!!
if you appreciate ingredients/ genuine health of your skin i would order this now
i don't think i can ever go back to anything else
if you think you don't need a facial oil because it is an "oil" you are so wrong
caroline hirons does it this way so
this one did everything it stated on the bottle
it was love at first try, i'm not going to lie.
i couldn't try a lot of products because i have super sensitive skin
everyone needs to try it!
if you can get past that
so, if you can, do try it!
you won't regret it!
this did not irritate me at all
i don't find it to be that bad.
no one can even smell it besides you
it does look shiny when you first apply it
why do i feel like i could have found this in my kitchen?
i don't see a big difference in my skin
i can't say enough good things about this face boil
this does not make me break out
after some research i decided to give juno a go
i personally don't think that it absorbs quickly
i never felt like i was getting enough hydration when i used it
can't say a bad thing about it
i think juno does it all so well
i don't love it to the point i can't live without it
now my skin can't live without it.
this oil doesn't break me which makes me love it
it doesn't cause me to break out
honestly i'd pay anything to have my skin glow the way it does because of this oil
i even gave myself a break to see if this was making that difference
let me tell you that much
i cant get enough of this on my face at night.
always break out with just anything
just not on my t-zone
doesn't seem to affect the use of my foundation
i don't like spending a lot of money on something one could argue is not needed
i decided to give this a try
i can honestly say it has helped change the appearance of my skin completely
don't be afraid to approach this item
one question maybe a sephora employee can answer: where did start over eye cream go?
i tried juno to see if i would like it as well
i would definitely recommend this product.
if i could give this product 10 stars i would.
i started learning that unfortunatley you do get what you pay for
it does not last on the skin
it doesn't stay long
one of the first products i've tried that actually does what it says
while it may seem pricey for what you get a little goes a long way
definitely up to you to determine if it deserves the price tag
i can definitely see a difference now
^__^ your skin will go with you your whole life.
it's best to nourish it now so you can look good later
: if you can afford the $90
i don't look it
it does what it says
does what it says
it does what it says
i think it would be outst
i couldn't ask anything more from a face oil.
overall, nothing that i can't handle.
get it and you won't regret it.
actually makes me want to use it less
i would probably replace it if i finish it
because after a while i think my skin gets a little too used to what i am using
i feel like if i spend a lot on a face oil
this product does everything it says it does
best i can describe it
when you use it you can feel the luxury behind the br
doesn't make me break out
have not even a small shred of truth to them
i dont care since i plan to continue to use both
i don't think it will give you any life changing results
i can't live without it
i didn't want to like it because pricey.
but finally i do.!.
it doesn't last long
i will say this
if you know what i mean?
can't wait to see further results
even if i get one
i don't need to use foundation anymore
i can honestly say that my skin has never looked better
i could tell i was low
i maybe i apply a little too much each time?
there's no other way to put it.
if you are in your 40's
you must purshase this stuff like now
i can't say enough about this stuff!
i'll never be without this stuff!!!
please educate yourselves on how serums like this one work on your skin
you are breaking out in places that you never do
do what works for you
when people say "you look so great
thought it wouldn't be good for me honestly
i figured i would give this a try
it does sting a little for me
why bother with anything else!
i don't see a problem with my combo skin
i just don't know if i'll ever be able to afford it
not only do i love it
i kind of like that
i feel like it lets me know it's working.
can't imagine not using this in my nightly routine
it does everything it claims.
you need to try this
you won't feel much
continue to love what it does for my skin
i do not have any issues with this i definitely see a difference when i skip this step in my skin care routine for a while
so be very carful when you apply this stuff to not let anything or anyone
t goes a long way
i don't think you'll be disappointed!
i don't have wrinkles or anything else
i can't even believe how good my face feels.
let me tell you
apply this product after everything else.
you'll never want to be without
i can't imagine not using these products
i will not go without it
until i find something cheaper that does the same thing i will continue
i couldn't find it for a while here on sephora
i don't mind paying for it if i like the results to my 35yr old face
i really couldn't believe all the hype until i got a small sample of this as a 100 point perk
it didn't work out for me at all
i would give this 5 stars
i didn't want to like it.
definitely give it a try
used it i don't think i can ever go back to the life where i didn't have it
if you're hesitant i would try a sample
see if you like it
didn't even want to go near it.
but then i got a sample.. and i said why not?
no other product can do this for me.
i think you need something stronger for that
i don't see that its continually doing anything more
although it's hard to know if it's a combination of all of them or one individual product
i would definitely recommend this product!
no other words to say!!
good genes alone didn't do much for fine lines
i will never go without this
if you are 20 years old you probably would not do need any kind of wrinkle treatment
so no it's probably not going to work.
nothing else i've tried ever has.
i asked do many samples of this stuff at sephora it is just embarrassing
if anyone wants to buy this for me again cause i ran out holla at ya girl
if there's one thing i'm willing to splurge on
asked what im doing differently
i can see why some people would break out
it did the same thing for me
i would say to start with a little mixed in your moisturizer at first if you've never used anything like this before
it looks like i barely used any
i can't say enough good things
i absolutely could not recommend this product anymore
it did not let me down
i believe i will probably save money by using up my sunday riley products
i didn't mind it
i do not have breakouts at all
man does it do wonders for your skin
you can feel it working once you apply.
it's worth the money if you want to see results with your skincare
tone if you want to
it can't do everything for everyone
if you can afford it
people ask me what i use.
was it not bad enough at $175?
if you've never tried it you probably shouldn't
you'll only end up hating how good it is
because i don't think i'll ever stop using this
i won't use it
even if i do break out
i cannot see what results i will get with continues use
tighter skin that i didn't even know i needed
i don't know if i can afford to repurchase this product once it's done
i don't know what magic is in here
you name it i've tried it
i did not want to spend that much money on this product
you're skin needs to get use to it.
i did notice that yes
you just need to follow up with the luna oil
my skin can not live without this product.
you won't immediately see results
do i really want to spend this much money?
the answer is yes.
i wanted to know what all the hype is about
sadly my skin didn't take to it
i will never look back
a product that does exactly what it says!
cannot go without this.
it goes away after you apply it
i can't live without it
when i get a bad breakout n i pick i have scares this stuff really helped even after 3 days
this does not help with that
i would say if you have the money
it's so hard for me to not use this everyday!!
this cleanser isn't what i thought it would be
decided to try it anyway
for once in my life i can say i can barely see my pores
i can tell you they work
you won't be sorry.
doesn't bother me at all
get it, you won't regret it.
i would not by it because i can not get over the smell it's just so bad
this is the only thing that won't break me out
i think i just needed to get used to something that doesn't bubble
it does not suds up like detergent which personally to me makes me think the product is actually doing its job
every time i try something else my skin just doesn't feel the same
decided to just stop everything i was using since it obviously wasn't helping
i will because i'm so happy woth how my skin looks right now
when i received this in my play box i didn't think much of it
cannot believe i waited so long to try it
i don't much care for it
i don't use it every day
i did with this one i use this with the ufo oil
can we talk about the pores y'all?
it does what it claims to do
give this a truth if you've been unhappy with all the cleansers you've tried in the past
i don't even notice it.
after a simply day of using it you could tell the difference in my skin
it does the job.
i seriously can't recommend this enough!
i can't believe that i didn't try this sooner
don't let the price tag intimidate you.
you honestly get what you pay for
not sure if i'd get it again
the first thing you're going to notice about this product is the smell
which is what i like to do
well, this stuff did.
i could say i love what this does to my face though
i couldn't figure out what was going on
not only does my face feel tighter
once you get over that its ok
this does not irritate me
you'll never wash without one again once you've used it
i don't know how sunday riley did it
i've tried everything to try to address this issue
if you're on the fence try it out
then i said what the heck
when you do start to notice
even though they don't advertise that function
you need so little
don't hesitate to buy this
i love this cleanser more for what it doesn't do
i didn't want to love it because of the cost
i just don't like anything else as much
gives me a glow i can honestly say i have never seen before
i promise you that it will change your skin.
it does the trick
t took me a bit to get use to it
it does the job it is intended to do
my only regret is that it does not absorb better
it doesn't make me break out either.
i really didn't see a difference
am very careful about what i use on my skin
does not foam as much as i would prefer
this cleanser does every thing it claims to do.
i can't even explain the clean feeling you get after using
i can't begin to understand the complaints.
reviewers who are talking about how this doesn't smell good?
this cleanser does everything it says it does
it does exactly what it says!
i can't wait to try some other sunday riley products
you feel good about using it on your skin
i very rarely have breakouts anymore
i just can't say enough good things about this cleanser
didn't want to get this because of the price
i rarely write reviews however i thought that this cleanser deserved it
you can't go wrong with this product.
i tell anyone who will listen about it.
truthfully, i wasn't expecting any results.
i am ready to do my err
which sephora doesn't carry unfortunately
it does not happen with this
want to keep it that way
does break me out in certain spots
i don't really see my face getting any worse
i really do think this works.
thats not what i want.
it does not irritate my sensitive
don't know why 20 something year olds would waste their money on a firming cream
i love those because you can try products you normally wouldn't buy
i won't do that again.
not true in my case
i never go outside without it
if you are over 50 i think you will like this.
i even bought an extra jar because i never want to be without this stuff
here's some application advice: when i apply it
it's a shame i wasted half of it because i didn't know how to use it
i wanted to leave the most honest review.
i cant believe the difference in my skin
i wasn't so sure about this oil at first
i cannot say enough good about this product.
i can use it alone
i can't say that i notice any reduction in lines
i tried the v-sense alone to see how it did
you aren't going to get the same results.
t should last awhile
you can notice the difference on nights you do not put it on
i just want to point out that while it is true you don't see in the ingredient list something called 'retinoid'
it´s like my skin want´s it and i don´t know why.
this product did not make my skin break out
i can imagine this stuff will last forever
all in all i would say it's a great product.
this product has not made me break-out or irritated my skin what-so-ever
you won't regret it
it will work for you too
i really like that it does the job
i would definitely recommend it
i need to put everybody up on game!!
i do wonder if it might be too heavy in the summers
how often do you find a product that lives up to the hype?
i couldn't quite believe that after 1 use
what i also like is that i don't have to worry if my face cream has retinol in it because this does
i need more time using it to really know
you only need a little to cover your entire face
have to wait after applying it to apply anything else to my face
i can't believe how smooth my skin is.
you can't beat the price either.
don't expect it to erase them completely.
although it isn't magic i think it really does make a difference in blurring fine lines
please don't make my mistake!
what more can you say!
when i apply this product you can see a difference it softens the lines
they didn't completely disappear
nothing makes them completely go away
first use did not see any difference at all
i do see a difference
if i don't use it i can still see those lines
i didn't want to admit that my wrinkles were officially "deep"
at my age you can't help
this does help to hide them better then anything else i have used
all i know is that i never put on makeup without it
if i remember twice
i wasn't sure about this one
i don't expect anything less than surgery would do so
this product does just what it says
i would tell anyone
run-don't walk-and get this product!
i don't want to be without it
how you feel it instantly tighten your skin
i love this product -- you don't have to use very much
if you follow the directions
probably a mistake as i like to do research before buying anything that's a little pricey
thus stuff does exactly what it says.
it does exactly that.
let me tell you
since it wont spread
it didn't seem like anything special at first
can't comment too much on if its been controlling my acne
i can say that this
i feel like this product did help clear my skin
i usually don't write reviews
i would recommend this to everybody
i don't mind since i wash my face when i wake up anyways
does not feel heavy
because it won't happen
i could seriously cry!
i truly recommend trying it out
it is because i tried something new or didn't bring it on vacation
this stuff doesn't work overnight.
so i saw this on line and thought i would try it.
it definitely did not irritate or add to existing breakouts
this is a product i can't seem to live without
i wish philosophy would change the packaging to either a pump
careful about how much i dispense
you really don't need much of this stuff
i don't have enough good things to say about this moisturizer
it makes my skin really dry for some reason when i do that
doesn't break me out
my best advice is try it
if it doesn't then try another product
i never get the big
this does not add extra oil
have not used anything else
because if you're not very careful
i put this stuff on
i didn't think it would bother me
again i dont mind because i hardly ever have break outs anymore
the last thing you want is more irritation
why do you insist on changing every single product?
why can't you leave well enough alone?
it didn't work immediatley
this does not make her breakout.
i don't know where i'd be without this stuff
i do not like the tube it comes in
you need very little of this
i can't live without this product.
everytime i apply it it feels sheer
this one didn't not cause me to rash or burn me
it works best if you use it before bed
they don't hurt anymore
this is something everyone should own
i swore i would never use it again
i think you'll see much better results if you use it on clean skin at night
let it do its magic while you're asleep
just decided to try it
i would recommend it to anyone :)
no longer hurt where i didn't have to mess with them
this did not affect me i use this in my skin care routine
you will not be disappointed.
i think that this spot treatment doesn't get the credit it deserves
has made it where i don't need to wear foundation anymore
one thing i don't like is that with the pump
there's no way to get it out once it stops dispensing
no need to cover them or pick at your face bc this keeps everything tiny
it does sting a bit depending on how much or where on ur face
helps so much esp when i'm breaking out
couldn't say how it would work for someone with persistent acne problems
it does the job
i wanted to try it
have tried everything so why not this?
will never use anything else
t doesn't make acne go away
you won't be sorry if you buy this.
you no longer feel anything
it does what it's suppose to do
it lets me apply all the make up i want without worrying about dry patches
i cannot go a day without it.
can see the differnce overnite one of the best cream i have ever used
i won't do without it.
as you all know
useally i dont like anything too oily
this didn't make me brake out yes did get oily
if you buy a oil matterfier you don't have to worry much about your oily skin
wasn't sure which one to try
decided to give it a try
i need to try the night cream because if it's half as good as this stuff
you don't have to wait for it to do what it's supposed to do
it doesn't make me break out
this is my go to moisterizer.
you don't need a lot of it either.
it does not seem to add to my break outs
i wanted try something new
i don't think that it was at all
if you're thinking of buying this
i love that the cream doesn't just sit on my face
haven't got anything else
for 22 bucks you can't go wrong
cannot say enough good things about this moisturizer
i must say, it works great.
i knew i would need something good for the cold weather
i think this is it
tried a sample n i couldnt believe how it didnt make my skin dry nor did i have patchy skin when i put my make up on
it not only gives you instant
finally does not make me break out
i can't believe how much better my skin looks
i don't want to go without this moisturizer for one day
i can tell you this one is one of the best i've tried
i hate spending a lot of money on moisturizers because i'm worried my face will break out unless i've tried it before
definately a must in your beauty routine.
decided to put some of this on it which doesn't irritate it
i did not break out
it does not feel heavy on your face
i never knew my skin could look
this does not break me out
i prefer it that way
doesn't make me break out though i'm prone to it
wait how can i forget to tell you
it didn't treat it right
i can't go a day without it!
you do not need to layer it on
that seems to do the trick
if i can't afford my higher end ones that i like
i can promise that you will
i wanted to take a moment to relax
i want to wear one every day!
i love how it doesn't move around once you put it on your face
can't really speak on how it reduces those
i think that it's definitely worth a try
i can't stress enough how hard it is for me to find something that works for my genetic eye bags
you can lighten them
not get rid of them
i am deducting one star because it didn't do anything in regards to under eye dark circles
you are quite literally unable to do anything
please do not discontinue this product
i honestly wouldn't care if it didn't do anything at all because it feels so nice
if you're looking to try an eye mask
my eyes did not hurt at all
i couldn't believe it was real
i know u don't want a mask dripping in your eyes.
i like how it is very easy to pack when you travel
at first i was a little annoyed that i wouldn't be able to do anything while wearing it
a couple of minutes in i couldn't care less that i wasn't able to do anything
you can't do anything while you're wearing it
that didn't bother me at all
for $6 you really can't go wrong
honestly if it did i would care because this mask is wonderful
it fits nicely over the whole eye area so don't expect to do anything
i would recommend this to anyone who is tired.
if you've had no sleep
you know the one where you cry for hours
amazing doesn't even begin to describe this product
i didn't get enough sleep
i can't really tell if my eyes are less puffy or not yet
i wonder if i can use it more than once ?
it does exactly what it says.
i can't believe i have never written a review about this product
i've never tried anything like this
as i don't think any product can
'll continue using it even though it's super annoying to use since it's actually like a mask so you can't see anything at all for the 10-20 minutes
i recommend this mask to anyone and everyone!!!
since you really can't do anything when wearing this
will definately use it again
you gotta use it at least a couple of weeks
buy it if you want to get rid of acne
i cant wait to buy a bunch more
sometimes sleep just isn't at the top of my list of things to do
can see for myself if there is any difference
maybe i was hoping for miracles
this did make a difference
and definitely did the job .
i look like i don't even need coffee!
can honestly say i noticed results instantly
cannot wait to get more
i don't know how well they actually work
don't mind trying out different kinds
okay not entirely sure they do a lot of de-puffing
not sure how it works
it did the trick!
i also didn't expect it to do these things.
i think it is a good reason to spend $6 just
my eyes didn't look as good as they felt
i need all the help i can get!
i love that you can re-use it
can be used with them if you like
i don't travel without.
you only need to leave on for 15 minutes or so.
i'd say your eyes look great for that night
i don't really rely on it for anything other than comforting my tired eyes
take it out when i need it :
it definitely does what it states
or not much sleep
loved the fact you don't have to wash it off
i honestly do recommend this product it's worth
once she's ready to use she takes it out
i honestly don't know if this erases signs of fatigue like it says
you will see the difference as soon as you pull off the mask
because once you put it on its like heaven!
this is your go to when you have an event to go to
it does take time
so why not try out the eye mask
see if this really works
i can't speak too much to the anti-aging benefits
it'll last me awhile, definitely worth the money.
well, sephora did it again.
although it's for 1 time use i feel like you can get a couple uses out if it
i recommend for anyone needing a little eye depuffing
maybe if my eyes weren't
decided it'd be worth giving a try
i felt like i never wanted to take it off.
i didn't think something like this existed!!!
can't wait to see how my skin looks after continued use
i can't say enough great things about it
i still eat clean which i know helps
hope it works for you like it did for me!
my skin is clearing like crazy i honestly can't believe it
you don't need a lot of it
i cannot recommend enough!!
i don't think i'll be able to avoid it for this product
you get the picture.
not only does it help breakouts
feeling like enough is enough i did some research
knowing there was a purging period i didn't think much of it
don't over do it
if you want to go for a more settle
i did not want to leave the house.
i didn't really see a difference until i started using this
i don't know what i'd do if they stopped making this
over the counter products won't work no matter how much or how little you spend if the issue isn't what you're putting on your face
it's just not the right product for you
if i don't use it m foundation will crack
now i can't live without this gel
it works like nothing else
i couldn't find anything that could help clear
i dont want to dry it out
now i can't live without it
i decided to try the ptr starter kit to see how the line would work for me
t should last you for awhile
i decided to try this
so glad i found a product that does exactly what it says it'll do
doesn't feel like i have a layer of anything on my face
i know it works because if i get lazy
i mean, almost gone!
i really hope that sephora just can't keep it in stock due to high dem
i can go without the unwrinkle but not this!
please do not ever do away with this product!!
i would hate to be without it
i honestly couldn't even underst
will never go without it.
love this product would recommend to anyone.
am making sure to get it back asap
i really wanted something that would fix my problem
i wish i could give this 10 stars!
this is just so fantastic in many ways i cannot explain it
i hope they never take it away
it seems to do the trick
if you don't have
i wanted to make sure it really worked before i left a review
something i have never done before
everything seemed to make my acne worse then i tried this
does everything it claims to do
this gel does exactly what it says on description
i don't think it would work well under makeup
i don't know where this product has been hiding!
i can't believe i ever tried anything else.
nothing like i used to
it's the one thing that motivates me to stick to my nightly routine no matter how tired i am
you just have to make sure your face is clean to get the best effect
you can even wear it under your make up with no change in the way your make up looks or feels
it's the only thing that really does keep my skin clear
doesn't cause me to break out more
it did just that
it did for me too
as i can't tell you how many times i've added
you get what you pay for
it doesn't have any effect anymore
wanted something to help clear up my skin
decided to give it a go
this bottle will last you awhile.
don't expect immediate results.
you will not believe how much that will make a difference
you will be happy
it doesn't feel like there's anything on my skin when i wear it
what i do know is that after trying this product it doesn't matter
i didn't have high hopes for this product because if prescription topicals didn't work why would this
it would be unusual if you didn't!!!
i might be better off just going to see a dermatologist
does not sting or feel too medicine like.
i do still get some flair ups
i do like this product
if i could find something better i would not purchase again because it is rather pricey
did you just read that?
anyway i think this is a good product
i wish it didn't have alcohol.
i like them a lot.
you can really feel
tell that it works
decided to give it a try
i can say i see results
this stuff never let me down it so good.
no matter what i've tried nothing worked
my skin definitely didn't look good after a week of wear
i would recommend this product to anyone!
does everything it claims
if a product is effective then the smell doesn't factor into my opinion of it at all
cause i can't bear to see some people give on star to this product
does not make me break out
ing why people say bad things about it
i guess you still need to try one product to see if it is suit you or not
nothing else like it.
it doesn't bother me
i feel it does better for my under eye
does not aid it either
i also didn't like that you couldn't see how much was left
the only thing i really don't like about this is the packaging can't really tell when your almost out
i recommend it to everyone.
you can feel the strech the firts times that you use this
i don't think it will be
the only one that does not make my skin break out
i could not find anything that was as gentle
i did like it however just thought i could find something that did a little more
i would definitely recommend to anyone!
so when i ran out of my bottle i was just curious to look at other ones because for some reason my skin couldn't completely clear up
you don't want to know how many moisturizers i've tried over the years
it doesn't cause me to break out at all
that is enough to do my whole face neck
let me first just say that i have some serious problem skin-- combination
i don't know if i just got a defective one.
just in case because i truly cannot live without it
you would not know this however if you looked at my skin
i would recommend this to anyone who is not 100% happy with their skin
you will be after you try this
however i wish it comes with spf
i will never use anything else ever again
you will not be disappointed.
this is one of the very few out there that doesn't make me break out
i don't see myself ever moving away from this product
you must try it
i dare you to try it!
i really do not think it has caused my skin to break out at all
you dont need a lot of the product to get the job done
you cannot see how much product is left
then i get the urge to try something new
granted that you don't put too much on
i decided to try something new and different.
i can't say enough about this product.
i love this one it does not make your face oily
if you ask me, it is worth giving a shot.
although i did not like this one
breaks out occasionally so he's been trying to find something as well
this does not happen with ptr.
would definately reccommed this to anyone with combination skin
he would never have tried anything that looked too feminine
so this doesn't make me break out
goes on so lightly that you can't even tell it's there:
you will never go wrong with ptr!
i can't live without this stuff!
you just might love it like me!
i would definitel recommend this to anyone.
you only need a little bit
i would highly reccommend to anyone!
you can never apply too much!
didn't care for it as much
with this i don't really need that
didn't make my face break out either!
if you don't wear foundation often
then you shouldn't have any problems
i think it does help
youll see the difference instantly.
i think someone who has normal or dry skin wouldnt like this
absolutely not- but it will smooth out your look.
i just wish it would control my shine longer
i can honestly say this is the only one that really does the trick
apparently i should "keep doing whatever i'm doing
it does matify my t zone immediately
as you know by having this type i get really oily around my t_zone
i tried it all
it does exactly what it says
i couldn't ask for more!
i couldn't find one that would control the shine
i feel like i can finally stop looking
this product does everything.
decided to give it a try
i really wanted to give it a try
can't speak on behalf of how it helps that specific problem
i can't imagine being without this
i can't live without it
i can't tell you enough how this has completely changed my life
i went from wearing full coverage foundation to not wanting to wear anything
didn't seem to do much
doing the job it says to do.
can't live without it now.
so don't buy any other skin product
because this is all you need
you need to use it just a few dots
i would never go to any other product
you don't need very much
everyone should give it a try.
i never buy anything twice
if you use it you will notice a tightening effect
don't know if i'm in love with it yet
you definitely want to use this only at night
sometimes i have immediate results and then eh.
you will see change on your skin dramatitcly
peaple ask if i done something on my face it fill firmer
because as a junkie i will try something else as i know now this works
i've tried everything i could find on them
you should definitely give it a try
i am wondering how long the kit lasts though.
not just make up
still most products don't do that
it does not have any scent so when you put in on your face you almost forget its there
i must say that i would never have tried this product if it wasn't a sample
i admit this is only my first try
it's not meant to do that
i can't go a day without it.
if you're completely new to this product i think it's best to refrain from judgement until you finish the entire bottle
this one does the trick
the one down thing i don't like is the lid of the product doesn't stay on well
it's not running into any issues with my routine
doesn't matter if you have oily
i would recommend this to anyone
i simply can't say enough good things about this product
it does not make my t-zone oily
i personally don't like the serum that stays on the face forever
this one does not let me down
can't compare it to others
i will seriously cry if they ever stop producing this
i can't go without it
i couldn't see myself without it
simply will not go without it
let me just say
it did not disappoint
i can't go without it
if you're wondering if you should purchase it
you won't regret it
my skin does not like it when i go without
it does take a while
before you notice it's working
you don't really have a heavy glow either?
you probably won't even need a cream on top of it
highly recommend you give it a try if you're considering it
when i apply it
i can't even tell you how much i love this stuff!
please do not use if you have dry skin it won't work
don't know how it would work for sensitive skin
this does not bug it at all
with a price like that i certainly cant afford the full thing anytime soon
but if you can, absolutely give it a try!
i do believe it's what made the difference because it is the only change that i made in my skincare routine
this product does not break me out at all
do what they say they'll do
i like being able to put this product anywhere on my face w/o having to worry that it will cause any irritation
you only need one
i went to sephora not knowing what to look for.
you will not regret.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that
it feels like i didn't put any on
it has nothing bad that i need to worry about
anything will cause a breakout for me.
it does what it claims.
it also does not interfere with my make up.
this not only does the job
thats what i want
i can tell the difference in my skin
at first i didn't think this product did very much
this will not do that.
this product does not last long
i don't think i would buy again
i cant put my finger on it
i don't even really know how to describe it
a little does go a long way
light enough you can tolerate
i always worry it might break in my purse
i gotta say i dont agree
i find that unless i sniff my arms i do not even smell it
it doesn't stick around all day
:) try it you will not regret it.
i tell everyone about this product.
i swear this is why
i couldn't stop looking at myself in the mirror
this is not for you
i personally can't get enough.
everything that you would expect a divine oil to be
this definitely does was it says it is supposed to do
it does not irritate my face
bought this to use on my body i can't say enough about this product
i can not live without it now.
never used it on my face or hair so cannot comment on that
don't find that i need to use it that often
nothing compares to what this stuff can do after only a few seconds of application
i can't day enough about it.
it doesn't sit on the skin
my face just didn't have a healthy look.
i don't want to run out ever again!
i dont mind it when i use it as a body oil
can't live without this stuff
i would recommend it for your skin
now i know why they call this divine oil.
i can't live without this oil.
it does the trick
in which case you will find that your skin will look like shiny
i want to try it on my face in the winter time.
i didn't think i'd end up purchasing any of them
i don't know how caudalie does it -- all of their products are real winners
that way it doesn't compete with anything else i might wear during the day
you only need the littlest bit
i didn't see a big difference there
think i will continue doing so
decided to give this one a try
you would never be able to tell by looking that i had anything on my face
i buy so much of my products at sephora because if it does t work out you can return without a hassle
always does what it says
i will use this forever!!
i can't even imagine using anything else anymore
i'll admit that is the main reason i like it
i couldn't have been more wrong!
i'd hate to have to go a day without it .
you don't need much
i can't wait to see how it looks in the morning.
i dont use this on any kind of schedule just when i need it
i couldn't tell a huge difference with my skin
can't live without this.
don't get the glamglow thirstymud get this one
it does exactly what it claims to do.
i cannot say how much i love it!
this always does the trick!
i didn't know what to do
you can only get about 5-7 uses out of it
this doesn't irritate it at all
i don't think it's meant to perform miracles on the skin
this mask did everything it advertised.
it does the trick
tacky if you leave it on longer than the suggested 10 minutes
doesn't dry hard or tight or anything like that
give this mask a chance because it could help calm your skin down like it did mine
this mask does what it says.
if you need something soothing
i let it absorb completely
if i don't apply the right products to my face
i might try again
that's what i need it for
if you're not sure
if you really try you can get about 4-5 uses out of the tiny size
just enough to see how it works with your skin
it does what it says
helps if your breaking out
i can really tell the difference in my skin's texture
i didn't notice anything right after
but this did not irritate my skin at all.
t is hard for me to find a mask that does not break me out in little red bumps
this mask does exactly what it says.
the reason i gave it 4 stars is i did feel oily after using it
t still did a great job
this is a must have for anyone with super sensitive skin that can react to anything i put on my skin
let me tell you, this product is heavenly!
don't expect this product to work miracles
this did not further irritate it
didn't want to worry about my flaky skin
i could not recommend this more wholeheartedly.
dont know how other ones feel
this mask does for me exactly what it claims
i can't comment on how this works on the face
pros: does what it promises
i would like to say that we are sorry your experience was not positive when you tried our mask
i hope this explaination helps you underst
f you are trying to decide between the two i would definitely recommend the cream
i am not going back---ever
for a mask i feel like the price is honestly not bad at all
didn't cause me any issues with my make up
if you're just trying out the br
i can't say for sure
for $45 you really don't get much use out of it
the only reason i didn't give it five stars is it doesn't wear very well under primer
i typically just use this moisturizer when i know i won't be wearing any foundation that day
i can not believe how well this works!
would recommend if you're looking more for the hydration aspect
i cannot see myself without it during the summer
you won't regret it
you don't need to use a lot of the product to get great results
i don't recommend this if you always have dry skin
decided to try something else out
then again what isn't from caudalie
i can say with 100% confidence that i would recommended this cream to anyone
i really like this moisturizer for my t-zone as it really does mattify
i never let myself run under 1/2 a tube
this stuff works to where he doesn't have to apply it every 10 min
you can barely feel it on my face
this product does exactly what it sets out to do
which is something you either love or hate
this stuff is something i can't go a morning without
you don't need much
you're doing it wrong
i do like this stuff
i will be going back to the dr
can't really say that it controls oil well
definitely didn't make the problem worse or cause any breakouts
most either don't work
oh, i can not live without this.
although it does the trick
the nice lady that was helping me out at sephora told me this might happen
you just need a little
i really need to go back to sephora
does exactly what it says- matifies
it does feel definately light weight
i don't care for that.
this one just doesn't do that
i really can't believe the difference
do nothing to control the oil in my t-zone
can't live without it!
this does the job
use something else for my nose
does what it says
not sure if that's a bad thing here.
does what it says!
so you don't need to use as much which makes it last even longer
i definitely recommend trying it!
i can tell on the days i opt not to use
you definitely get your money's worth.
i don't normally write reviews
i don't even need to apply it everyday
gave it a try bc why not?
this does exactly that
i can not say enough great things about this product
let me tell you
you get what you pay for with this product
i couldn't believe it!!
it does not irritate it at all
i think the trick is knowing how much you need to use
cannot use anything else
when i use anything else
quite expensive for what you get though.
i didn't expect any good results from it because of how light it felt
i would surely die
it was so bad to the point where i couldn't even wear any make-up on my face
trust me when i say that i have tried everything
can't say enough good things about cream!
after about a week i didn't notice anymore
i cannot say enough about this cream.
i think i'm going to switch all my skincare over to them
what i love about caudalie is that no matter how thick
can't live without it !
does that make sense?
if you need a bit more
i would recommend this to someone with fair skin color
the product description says 12 weeks so you need to be patient if you buy this thing
i find that the tint is just enough for me to not need anything else on top
i love how you don't need to dip your fingers in it to apply it
you don't need much to do the trick
i decided to give this a try
i really like what this product does
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone
don't expect to fade away completely
i can tell you
i definitely notice a difference when i don't use this product
they didn't have my go to
the only reason i didn't give it a five star
in this case i basically wanted something that would help my concealer look better
it definitely does that
i can't say everyone will have the same results
do use a lot of it
also worth mentioning i don't
i can definitely tell when i don't use it.
the only thing i do notice is you do have to be religious when you use it
i do notice that my dark circles come back if i forget to use it a couple days in a row
if you stick with it
want something that works this is the product
if you want something permanent then try another product
concerned i wouldn't like it
as long as you don't use too much
should probably not be your only eye product of you're over 35 however
fyi you need to use as directed twice a day
don't expect immediate results
i do find that i need to let it sit for a few minutes in the morning before i apply foundation
but, it did show me that something was happening.
don't get me wrong
if you are thinking of trying this
find something else that you love :
i would definitely recommend this product
decided to give it a try
i would recommend this to everyone!
i do really like it
it makes you look immediately better
extra nice when you don't have on makeup
ive always had dark circles no matter how much rest i get
i can't speak to the dark circle treatment since it wasn't what i was trying to correct
not sure if it actually works to permanently get rid of dark circles
just let it rest for a bit
i can't believe people are giving it one star.
i don't feel it has
when i go without it for a few days i can really tell the difference
i won't ever be without it now.
this dark circle corrector truly does for me what it claims to do
the first time i used it i could tell a difference
yes they all cover
i decided to try it
i recommend it to everyone i know!
this product does exactly what it says it will do
not know if it have make any difference
i hope it'll get rid of all all acne
so far i cant tell a difference
it doesn't break me out
very good i would recommend to anyone.
another can't-live-without-product
it doesn't sting me at all
never thought i would use
let alone fall in love with
didn't expect to love it so much
with my week's use i haven't even used that much
i mean completely gone.
basically anything that could help
i would give it a 3.5
because why not try an oil?
this oil is something that i absolutely cannot live without
not so much to break me out
i don't know why they changed the formula
i really wish they would change it back
i love how it doesn't make my face feel greasy
honestly doesn't bother me
if anything i think it helps my foundation go on smoother
i usually put it on by itself if i want or think i need the extra moisture
try it out and you'll never go back!
actually give it a try
i just wish i tried it sooner!
it did not disappoint
sometimes i use it alone
it doesn't do either
i couldn't believe how great it was.
the best part: i don't even have to use much.
know this will last me a really long time
that does the trick
it does take a bit of time to absorb
i can see how the scent might not be for everyone
i personally don't mind it at all
i did a little research
you can feel its effect immediately
did not really enjoy it
this product does exactly that.
don't think she believed me at first
i figure if it can heal like it does
i cannot say enough good things about it
i cannot stress enough how amazing this oil is.
can't stop, won't stop!
mouth as they get flaky no matter what i do
can't do that in this size
although it didn't really help with shine
doesn't break me out at all
you do only need 2-3 drops for your entire face
though i don't have many
i could do without it
it doesn't seem that there is much of it
im not sure what or why
not so much anymore
i cannot say enough good about this product
order the big one because i wanted to try it so badly
no matter what i tried or used to fix it
overall i think that the product does what it claims to do
it lasts quite a while so don't let the price scare you
i can't go a day without it.
i don't mind it becuase of the results this gives me
for some reason i could not get enough of it for my entire face
nothing works as magically as this does
honestly didn't think it did much
i don't know what i ever did without it!
i guess a single product can't work for everyone however
if you do decide to try it
that's just not going to happen
they're the only product i've ever tried that actually did what it said it would
you won't see results immediately
you will see them
doesn't sit heavy by any means
i hate being so spendy with face care as i tend to try something for a few weeks
i cannot live without it
so that won't work
i would definitely suggest giving it a try
have sadly let my skin go for awhile
does what it says it will do.
i can go without foundation
too early for me to tell if it will work yet
i didn't expect that
trust me this stuff will last you a while
you can't go wrong
bottom line: your skin is not going to change overnight unless you are doing in-office treatments
so trust me that i didnt just happen to notice it
i decided to give it a try
not even my mother could believe it
if you're not using retin-a
it will say the same thing
i don't have to use it often
it could leave you looking worse
we can return anything anytime
we'd never be able to afford trial
if you find yourself breaking out from this product
let your skin get used to it.
i did not believe spending the $$ on this would do anything
the dropper allows you to control exactly how much you want to use rather than a pump that always dispenses too much
i just don't think the price should be quite that steep
i don't care because the product works that good
i wasn't even expecting that to happen
wasn't sure it was doing anything
you don't need to use it all over everytime
you can't buy them individually
i am no stranger to a break out here or there either
i decided to give it a try
i can tell that they will run out before the bottle does
this is one of the few products that doesn't make me break out
do you really believe in miracles?
i don't write reviews often
they do work and this is not a lie.
i can't say enough about this product.
though nothing will "fix" my skin completely
i don't need a doc to get some
i recommend it to anyone who wants a complete treatment
the do not absorb
it didn't really work for me
to be honest i wasn't sure this was doing anything for me
can't say whether or not they help
i dont see a huge change as of yet.
no longer do i have to worry about getting breakouts
was still willing to try anything
you can use it as a primer too
when you wake up it's definitely there
i would say that it's not bad enough to deter me from purchasing this item
this really does help
can't even feel it
if you're on the fence about this, i'd go for it!
not sure if it's this or all the products together
if you like clear skin
then i don't think it matters
this does not disappoint
will look into trying other dr
not sure why they call it a mask
you will need to blend it in well if you're going to use it during the daytime
i love how i can apply this mask as a 10minute treatment
i agree with other reviews: the push dispenser isn't worth anything
they don't magically disappear
everything i could ask for in one product.
the only thing i don't like it the pump
although i don't necessarily have bad skin
does exactly what it advertises.
when i woke up the next morning i could not feel any bumps on my skin plus my tiny breakouts were gone which was unbelievable yes a miracle people won't believe
you won't have any regret accept that why didn't you discover this product sooner
would definitely recommend it
this did not bother my skin at all
i don't know if i'll use it everyday with the other ways to use it
you all know how embarrassing it is
it doesn't make me sensitive
i got reccomended to try this mask
really does fill in some stuff
it takes care of my t-zone
i don't see how i will live without this.
i love that you can wear it overnight
if it reacts well with your skin go for the good stuff you get what you pay for
is that you need to make sure you really wash of the mask
honestly i've tried everything for my dry
nothing that you can regularly find on shelves anyway
can't wait to see if this fully clears me up
i know evwryone says this
i usually dont write reviews
it didn't seem to go away
i wanted to give this product a try
you can barely see it
i simply apply this, go to sleep and voila!
i didn't know what else to do
i don't ever write reviews
actually does what it claims
obviously not everything is going to go away because of my hormonal imbalance
this definitely does that
i can't even explain how great this stuff is.
i would recommend this to anyone.
i will occasionally break out as the result of eating something i shouldn't
im going to give it a try.
i try a lot of stuff.
i do give things a chance to work before i discontinue using it
it does what it says
it has made such a difference to my skin that a coworker asked me what i started doing differently
it does what it says!
after years of trying everything i didn't hold much hope
all it did was make me zit bigger.
you'll notice a difference in your skin
but it definitely does what it says it does.
it is my go to
this did the trick
i'll update if things go wrong
you can use it as a mask
you can see the difference after using
i will try anything
they dont try to cover the smell up
you just have to get used to it
don't expect your pimples to go away the next morning
i can't help noticing it
you don't need much.
actually does what it says it's going to do
you can totally see a difference in like 2 weeks!
after all you do get what you pay for!
i could sit here all night
let me tell you
you can always get a bit more if you need it
this stuff really will last you
sometimes it is not
you can choose to mix something else in if you'd like
i admit that the ingredients in this stuff cannot be matched by anything i know of
if it works for me i'm going to keep buying it
it has never done anything
you can see a difference
for what it does
it does everything it says
you get what you pay for when it comes to beauty products
when someone wants to tell you different
just think about this cream
it can't be today
though, i know it is worth the money for sure.
if you can afford this, you won't regret it.
i would want it near my nose even if it didn't feel fabulous
if you suffer from eczema or are dealing with a bad case of dehydration that does not seem to go away no matter what you do
i don't know if its the mushrooms or what
nothing can beat it
let me tell you
a little does go a long way.
i don't know if it will last
'm not sure about the anti-aging effects
i want to eat it
cant believe how much it costs
i guess if you have a great product you can jack up the price
i just wish it was not this expensive!
it is expensive but it sure does work!
you can't get any better than this
i can't say enough good things about this miracle in a jar
i don't need a day
once you try it you will be hooked!
don't let the $200 price tag scare you
will see how that goes
when i'm not planning on going anywhere
even if it did
don't have any wrinkles around my eyes or anywhere else
this is a wonderful cream that you will want to use day
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
i make sure to get the one with spf 30
don't really have any fine lines
i decided to go with amorepacific
i do not regret it one bit!
think about what you spend on a sweater
it doesn't bother me
even when i try my damndest to keep it away from them
not much is necessary to do the job
if you can make it last
then wake up to skin that really does look younger
if you are rich
i don't even worry about it
i don't like the price but what can i do?
thought i would try it
because you know your skin is getting all
i"m not sure exactly what to say about it other than i feel like my skin just looks good when i wake up in the morning
just be aware it's not that great
i dont think you should use this during the day
you wont get the most out of it
i would recommend it
i can see the results of how it's working on my skin
he refuses to go to bed without me putting it on him
it don't last long either
if you're someone who has a sensitivity to scents this might not be for you
you don't need a lot to cover your face
this is the one product i couldn't live without!
only reason i dont give it 5stars
besides that it does what it says it will
so you don't need much product at all for it to feel like you are completely covered
if you're trying to decide
i promise you will not regret it!
has never really happened until i tried this cream
couldn't afford it back then
i can't go anywhere without it
you generally get what you pay for
i wonder if it will do everything it claims
only time will tell
it does not disappoint
i can't go a day without it
just know you will not stop
i do see a difference in my skin using it.
i wanted to hate this because having to shake something before use is a pet peeve
don't think it does
i don't like the pump
i try my hardest to make it last forever because of the insane price
this product is good if you don't have many beauty steps before bed
t lasts me a long time
well let me just say i'm so sorry i did that bc my skin was dry
can't ask for anything better!
not sure why i'm willing to spend so much money on a serum that doesn't produce much of a result
didn't cause me to breakout
you won't be satisfied with this product
didn't notice anything different
i don't know why, but that's what it smells like.
didn't like it very much
you will feel like you're wasting a lot of product
i say, give it a try.
not sure if i will re-order.
you need to shake it before using
you can feel it woking.
i don't waste any
i cannot believe it
if you're on the fence, just get it.
you won't be sorry!
i tell everyone about it!
everyone should try it!
you can see the results instantly
i could really tell a difference
i am not sure yet if it firm the skin
i kind of want it to be my secret
since i usually don't see much results
it really does make you want to eat it.
i didn't expect any changing to the skin from this product
not sure how long this bottle can last as it does not seem like there is much in the bottle
don't see a problem with it
i don't often say that
so time will tell
i don't know why i even switched
i guess you get what you pay for:3
i don't get much sleep
why it doesn't have better reviews?
this product does exactly what it says.
don't see myself straying from this product anytime soon
if you use too much it will for sure burn your eyes
you need very little to make it work.
if you use to much it may irritate your eyes.
this product does the trick.
i didn't give it five stars because i don't consider it amazing
it does the job
it however does nothing for lines.
not over time it does nothing
maybe… im gonna go on a hunt first though.
i can't even feel the bagginess under my eyes anymore
this is not for you
this product does just what it says it does
my only complaint is more my fault than anything-it stings like a mother if you get it even a little close to your lash line
i think the longer i use it
don't know if it's permanent
good bang for the buck because you use very little
it does what it says.
i don't have many fine lines
you don't need to use a whole lot
if a product doesn't break me out
i want something that helps diminish them
however it does sting if you get some in your eye
i could not believe my eyes
please never take this product away
i do not get those horrible
you don't need a lot of product
not sure why people get it on their eyelids when it specifically says not to
it didn't do a whole lot to diminish my dark circles
i think you would be better off using a corrector
it does bother my eyes if i don't add foundation on top
as you can imagine
know what to expect now
especially if you have bad dark circles like i do
this is my case anyways.
it doesn't break me out
there's nothing that says that it supposed to help clear up your face
i wanted something that would hydrate my skin without making me breakout
i don't know if i would call it lightweight necessarily
it feels like you're putting almost nothing on your skin
never makes me break out
coincidence or not i did clear up when i stopped using it
i never really bothered to try it until i got a sample of it in my ipsy
i like that you can't feel it on your skin.
i dont think i would ever use anything else for a face moisturizer
imagine if you have really dry skin this wouldn't be for you
you don't have to be afraid if you have oily skin
neither of them breaks me out or gives me any white bumps
at first i wasn't sure if i was going to like this moisturizer
i can't live without it
it doesn't just sit on top of your skin
i don't really know if it repairs your skin
i would definitely recommend this one
i dont wear make up.
i honestly go back
not sure what that's all about since i don't have super sensitive skin
not sure if this is the product that's causing it
does not irritate me
won't make me break out
the only thing is it does not have spf.
maybe 15 or 20 would be good
i don't know why this is so expensive in relation to other fab products
i always come back to this one when i try anything new
love that it doesn't break me out
i can use it on my eyes
don't get it actually in your eyes
t's just what i needed
i can't get enough of this product!!
i decided to try this one
and the pump is great so you dont waste product.
it doesn't break me out.
a little does go a long way
did not cause me to breakout
this does not make my oil any worse
i love it i apply it before make up
i cannot use anything that has fragrance or else i'll break out
i would recommend this to anyone.
i don't have anything bad to say.
unfortunately does not moisturizer enough for me
it did do anything for my dark spots
that did not happen.
the moisturizer does just what it says it will do
a little is all you need
i want to keep it that way
i do not recommend this for anyone with oily skin or someone that is in maybe their 20s
if you break out easily do not put to much on
do not over do it because you can breakout more
she just asked me what i was doing new for my skin
did not believe i did not have makeup on
so don't give up!
i immediately ordered another bottle because this is a moisturizer i never want to be without
i will never use anything else
since the jar isnt transparent you can't tell how much is left
don't think i'd go without
love the packaing only wish you could see how much is left in jar
now they think i spend every weekend at the spa--i look like i do
it did not do enough for me
normally he doesn't pick up on r
i really did see a difference in my skin
you can tell bc the cream should be white colour
you need so little i'm pretty sure this jar will last at least 6 mos
if it gets in there
so notice if you start to use this line you have to also be more carefull about your skin
not to mention that it won't break your wallet compares to the $$$ line :
just use half a pump if you can
i cant tell if it is doing anything yet
didn't want to waste my money
figured i would use it up
go back to something else
dont have that many lines
i do not break out ever at all
i think my skin just neeeded to get used to it
not a good one either
except i can't see how much i have left
even i don't need a whole pump of this cream to get the job done
little did i know
is all that you say
everything i use makes me break out.
i don't know if it brightens
it helps with my laugh lines a lot have to say
i hate that jowel-ly thing that starts to happen as we age
no product is going to completely fix it
i won't use anything else.
not sure any produce really does all that says
it doesn't feel dry anymore
this dispenser is like kate somerville if you have ever used
i can say that if you skip a day or even if you don't use it both morning
i could tell this was going to be my jam
i really feel like this is tightening them
i can't wait to try more perricone products!
if you can learn to deal with the scent
then it won't be a problem
i think i will be using this forever!
i've used them all i think
i know this stuff works because prior to using it
does not seem to do anything special
works well and does what it says it will do!
if that makes any sense
you don't need a lot to cover the problem areas
i know they work
the second you put it on you can see
i wanted to try this to see what it would do
instant gratification when you want quick visible results for your face
i just couldn't bring myself to paying $22 for
don't know what the reviews are even talking about burning for
you know it's working
so anytime i use anything new i am reluctant.
if a product works like it should i don't mind paying for it
i decided to try out this one
i do think this is worth it
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
if your sensitive to those feelings i wouldn't recommend
i don't think i've ever written a review on anything in my life
only if you're getting more
i will say this
totally worth it if you're like me
you won't think twice about this mask
if you can get past the burning i promise you'll fall in love with the results
if you can endure that, the effect is amazing.
this is everything if you are combo/oily like me!
'm not sure if this would work for sensitive skin types
it makes me not want to wear foundation anymore!
i don't know there is something about it i didn't like maybe because i tried to swim first
i don't feel like the supermud does that
i never want to do it again
i guess this is why they say beauty is painful!
would definitely recommend this!!
i can't be without this
this is how i know its working
but i do follow-up with thirstymud.
it does burn the first or second time you use it
you get used to it
this mask doesn't bother my skin at all
that doesn't last long
which if you watch the videos means it's working
just pay attention to how much it tingles cuz you could be allergic
you won't like it
if your going to get rid of wrinkles it going to hurt
f you hate pain then learn to love your wrinkles cause there isn't going to be anything that will get rid of them that doesn't hurt
for those who can't/choose not to read
you should probably stay away
i gotta say this is one of my favourite masks
it wasn't anything special
my face felt like a baby's bottom if i may say so
i wanted to try something different for a change
it didn't bother me
(you feel it, but it doesn't burn.)
i could tell a difference in my skin immediately.
hmm what are the leaves doing in here
if you do want to try definitely stick to 10 min.
e it to anything else except this product
not expecting much as i've used ren
planning on what meals i'm not going to eat
it didn't bother me
if you find it burning you to the point where you have to rush to take it off
i dont know if i would every buy this product
i didn't experience any buring at all
i decided to give it a try
knowing i could return it if after i tried it didn't like it
it does sting at first- almost so much that it makes you want to take it right off
i promise if you stick it out
product i can't help
i feel like i could do without all the filler
just enough to clear my face
it tingles so bad i didn't think i could leave it on more than a few minutes
i don't know if you get used to it or if it gets easier because your skins cleaner
was honestly hoping that i wouldn't like it that much that i would want to buy it again at full price
wasn't sure if it will work for me
it does feel like more of a burn
which i just don't get
i tried them all
this did just that
it does hurt when you first put it on
taking it off will be amazing if you're like me
f you do not want this feeling
i quickly didn't mind
the product does say it should do that
i wouldn't recommend this if your skin is sensitive
this is a must buy if this is something you can afford
honestly couldn't tell what all they hype was about
i don't know what i tried originally
yes they really do work
you would be shocked at what it actually does pull out of your pores
if you do not have sensitive skin
so this is not uncommon for me
i agree with people who basically say it's not "the best"
it doesn't bother me much because it lasts for just a minute or so
i can see where others would not enjoy it
can't wait to try the full line of glamglow masks
i know a lot of people have posted about how this burns a bit when you put it on
it doesn't last forever
it's like when you put on too much icyhot.
can't live without it
my only complaint is that i feel like you need to use a lot of product to cover your whole face
that's hard to do when they give you so little product
this does not affect me at all
you don't need a lot to really feel the difference
i would recommend in a heartbeat
i couldn't believe it!!
to the point i can't tolerate it
this product does not bother my eyes one bit
it does what it says it will
it does all oc those things
please do not let the price tag defer you
and it was a good thing i didn't!
i think this product really did the major work
you will he your results
really can see the difference.
as i don't see it as much of a trouble area on me
i can't say i've been using it long enough to see any results in tone
do not listen to the petty negatives!
i normally only use this at night when i do not care if i happen to use too much
there won't be too much
it can't last long though you don't need much every time
don't apply too much product
i also had people ask me what i did differently.
i think you have to use it everyday
i do always get too much which is hard to avoid if you don't want to waste any product
not sure how much
maybe i'm just putting too much on
would definitely recommend it
although this is a good product i can't see spending that much
my skin did not need any transition time to accept it
does not make my skin break out
i do wish that it had spf
not only do i feel a difference
i can honestly say that after 4 weeks of use
i totally notice a difference when i miss putting it on
i don't have any spots
'm not sure if it would fade any
it does everything it says
i do like the way it feels on my skin
i want to share it with everyone
or if there s any way you can swing it
i did no research
you won't be disappointed in the results
if you need a lot of bang for your buck to justify the price
it feels like nothing i have ever used before
what can i say?
i actually can't wait to come home
dare i say glowing?
00 for i don't know what is
if you use too much
i can say without hesitation that for me
i don't know why this one works so well
i only know that it does
i didn't even really notice much of a change in my skin otherwise
you don’t need to use too much.
love this product does what it suppose to do!
let me tell you it is amazing
i've never used anything like it before!
a little goes a long way with this one so you don't feel like you're waisting product
the rna cream did not break me out
did not cause me any break outs
f you seem to break out worse when first using this
stick to this, you wont regret it.
i can't tell if this has done anything to my skin since i've only been using it for about 2 months
it did not make me oily
no one said anything
i think i can safely say
the only time i use something else is if i misplace my sk ii
let me be very frank to say that this product may not be for everyone
i may give this a try when i run out of my relvaleskin
if i could go out
guess it does what its told
knowing absolutely nothing about it
t does not matter if it cakes a little
lets just say i am more confident going without makeup
then give my honest review
did not know if i could validate spending so much
if i had too much i was left not knowing what to do with it
the only reason i did not give sk-ii facial lift emulsion 5 stars is because i do not know if the price makes it practical for most people
give my honest review
give my honest review
i don't feel that it made a drastic difference with my forehead lines which is what i was hoping it would do
it did not seem to work well on them
i don't know if i can justify the price for it
i really don't have many
unfortunately now that i know that fact
let me say first off say
i would highly recommend anyone to try it.
...but i do not love the price.
but not so much anymore.
i don't know if this is an after-effect
i do like how my face feels after using this.
still don't know how often i would order this product
i am definitely more inclined
it's not going to give an immediate result
you can definitely see the process
not wow%22 was using the product wrong.
so do the math
i am not one to write reviews unless i actually see a difference
this does what it says
though i wouldn't say i've seen any wrinkle help there
i almost can't believe it.
it's been really hard for me to find one that doesn't make me break out or just feel gross on my skin
almost hoping it wouldn't work out
when i look in the mirror it's the skin of someone who i would say "wow she has great skin
hope this helps someone!!!
i swore that would never happen again
"maybe if i start now
i won't ever feel like i need plastic surgery
i really can't live without this product!
you don't even need to use a lot.
give you all specifics
cleansing your skin is the most important step before doing anything else with your skin
so don't think that you'll need more than the size of a dime
see if you like it
i can give a very sound review
i don't think i've ever been able to use so little of a product
it was expensive but you do get what you pay for.
i cant live without it
wont use anything else
you'll only need a little bit of it
i find i can't use it with my clarisonic
it doesn't do anything to warrant that kind of price tag
t think it can last a long time
if you can afford it
little did i know that it would become one of my h
i would recommend this to anyone
i would definitely recommend it!
i can see myself continuing to use it.
that does the trick
i still like it
spread very easily so you don't need much
it does last me a while because i don't wear full make up everyday
don't hesitate just pay for it
i would definitely recommend
it's not off-putting enough to stop using the product
when it's time to come off that's exactly what i want it to do
this was something that i thought i would never do
while i don't think it would be best for me to use every day because of my oily skin
i wasn't sure what to expect
so you can't really use this in the shower
i did not know what to really expect at first.
let me tell you this does wonders to my face
i would recommend this to any skeptic!
i did not have to rub
i would definitely recommend this product.
don't know other people had the same issue
it really do what promise
i can;t say enough about this oil.
it does last me a while because i don't wear full make up everyday
i will never stop using this!
that disappoints me as at $75 a bottle i don't want to waste
if you feel like spoiling yourself then this is it
this does not cause me any problems at all
want to try a few things
does not leave a film
you won't regret it!
do not waste your money on tacha or boscia.
it does not break me out
i do agree that the film stuff happens when you overpump
t will definitely last me a long time
i just can't afford most of them!
you dont realize you are using an oil to cleanse
but don't let this shy you away from using.
you definitely get your money's worth since you hardly need any product
it does come out quickly
you only need a little bit
if you don't go overboard
i can't believe the difference.
i definitely agree with this claim.
just like mine did
i like that is it easy to apply.
f you aren't a fan of roses this might not be for you
the thing about this product is we aren't in1982
i honestly do not like the feel of this cream
just make sure you prefer a heavier feel to your products
f you are sensitive to perfumes like me then this should be great for you
i can definitely tell a difference between using it
when i get there
if not too much product can give you a greedy feel
i like that they give you a little tool to scoop the product out
if you use too much
i did try to use the cream the way they recommend
now i dot much like you would using foundation
why can't other products think of that.
i think i would give up on every other if i can convince my hubby that this is the perfect holiday
i did indeed want to use it
i did not follow the directions
will think if he catches me doing that
do you know the reason: so that you can get the scent to come out
just no and absolutely not.
not really sure what is in this stuff
like you could go without makeup pretty
i didn't tell anyone when i was using this product to see if they noticed a difference in my skin
i imagine what with daily use
can't find the one that makes your skin up to your st
actually i still feels it when i wake up
it did not soak in as much i would have thought.
it does go a long way
i simply didn't have the time to wait for it to absorb then do my makeup routine
i think you really are paying a lot for the look
did not see any anti-aging benefits on my skin
i do like the product
i would recommend it if you're concerned about lines around your eyes in particular
if it can prevent me from wanting to try a cosmetic treatment it's worth it
all you need is one pump to cover your entire face
that i didn't like at all
i decided to give it another try
i don't have a lot of wrinkle either
a little does go a long way
people keep telling me i look younger
you won't regret it!
you don't need more than a single pump to cover your whole face
the fine lines don't look as drastic to me
feels like it did in my 20's
i can tell you this product works
don't need more oil
you get used to that
it goes a long way as you only need one pump for your face
this product will get you there
that no matter what i use or try to cover it with
i truly would recommend it
not when you realize that this actually works
a little goes a long way so you'll have this for months
i really can't say enough good things about it
you don't need a lot.
you twist out what you need
i did it too fast
i can not live without this.
couldn't live without them
im not sure if i see any difference yet
i do not like spf in my fact products.
i couldn't really tell if it was making a difference or not
i can really see a difference
i always go back to this
if i try to layer it under or over anything else it doesn’t do as well
i didn't really expect to see results anyway
i needed to do something about it
i think only a miracle would erase them completely
didn't expect anything out of the ordinary
you don't need to use very much.
i don't think i've used it long enough to tout the lift
and guess what it works.
it did nothing for me
maybe all of use 5x lovers should write to lancome insisting they bring it back
i didn't react like i have with other products
i received this as a sample upon knowing it was "suppose" to do all the things that a eye cream says it will do
you never hear about a product helping that issue
a little is all you need
as soon as you apply to your eyes
like most people never get enough sleep
i wouldn't call it a burning at all
could not ask for anything better!
this makes them go away
so you can imagine my skin
i do not experience any burning
i can't believe it doesn't have more reviews!
not enough to stop me from using it
i don't actually see much a difference
i don't see a great difference yet
i am going to keep using it
maybe i should wait it longer.
i would never give this up
i can never find anything that works all over my face
once you take it off you really see a difference
i read some reviews stating that this would "burn" your face
decided to try this anyways
when you apply the product
either do not like them because they didn't work or because they are too harsh
you'll notice that more gross stuff gets pulled out than when you do it without this mask
so don't put it under your eyes.
i don't know why
don't put it under your eyes
i don't recommend this to people that have sensitive skin
absolutely worth the money don't let the price scare you
told me that if you have more "adult"
i honestly can't say enough about this mask.
i cannot tell you how many products i have tried to get rid of my blackheads
'm not going anywhere anyways
definately you need to try this product.
i would definitely recommend.
i would recommend only leaving it on for 10-15 min max or it may make you red
you can see it
doesn't make your face red for long after you take it off
i recommend it to everyone
i did not want that pimple to ruin my day
i couldn't tell where the pimple was
is literally all i can say about this product.
i actually have nothing to bad to say about this product
the mini $22 size will last you forever if you're not using it all over your face
of course i can still see them lol
i swear it's the only thing in my option that does anything :
i couldn't believe how quickly this cleaned things up
so let me tell you about the wonders of this product
that's what they tell me
didn't want to spend the money without trying it out first
this didn't aggravate that at all
this is gonna change your life.
i wanted something high-end
gotta try the others!
don't make much of a difference
if you are like me
let this mask do its thing
i do not care.
you don't need very much to make a difference
most things don't work for me
not sure if i'd consistently purchasing it although i do wish to
i do think that it is worth it
the only thing i dont like is that you get a tiny amount of product for your money i would love it if they actually made it alot bigger
i would definitely recommend this product
let me just start by saying that everyone's skin is different
why this doesn't work for everyone
i see people complaining that this breaks them out
if you use it correctly it will work wonders for you
hey i'm not going to question something that works
when you first apply it
everything you would every hope a mask to do for your skin is in this product
first you really dont need much
i wouldn't say that i have very ance prone skin
because my skin is so sensitive i was afraid this "super mask" would do more harm than good
actually didn't know anything about the product when it came in my sephoras favorites
honestly it's the only skin care product i've ever used that actually does a good job at clearing my skin
once i apply this stuff
we decided to try it
but we went with it anyways.
it is honestly so worth it
i would recommend buying the smaller one first to decide whether or not it works for your skin
if you can afford it
trust me: you'll wanna run right back to the store to buy it
i really let it sit in
when i do break out it is bad
it is your skin so why not invest in it?
f you don't then simply don't buy it
you don't need to apply much.
you only need a little
i personally don't mind it
it's very rare that you can immediately feel the results of a mask
any breakouts going on or about to happen
the price honestly doesn't even bother me because it works so well
i would not recommend if your skin is very sensitive because it does leave a bit of tingle afterwards
this doesn't break me out at all
t doesn't completely clear it up in one mask
i mean it would be unrealistic to expect that
aha/bha in them if you do not know what they are
the same thing happened to me
if it isn't used all at one
figured i didn't have anything to lose
you should definitely give it a chance
it makes a huge difference if you use it atleast once a week because it's great at releasing any congestion in your skin
i will probably talk myself into investing in the big jar
i didn't expect to see immediate results
i can't wait to see what my skin looks like after using it for at least a month
going to have to get a pot of this!
it's honestly a need, not a want.
i cannot believe this product.
i read that many people swear by this for `lifting` everything up a bit
i know this is `lifting`
i do not use it at night
i didn't expect anything from this treatment
i really do wish the jar was bigger for the price
this did not break me out
f you have that problem try this out
i can't say enough about it.
you won't regret it!
i couldn't believe the difference it makes
if origins ever stops making it i will freak.
i cannot say enough about it
you should do everything to make it beautiful
i don't even notice the smell anymore
i do use a primer over it.
it does not absorb as much as i'd like
i occasionally intersperse its use with other products just to see if there's anything better out there
wanted to try something different after my clinique
did not know much about this product
i know it says treatment
i couldn't believe it!!!
i would definitely recommend this product!
if i use a lot
i almost can't help
i don't like having to make another pass to do what it should do in one
you can see how much you have left
nothing delivered what i truly needed
i decided to give this product a try
can't go a day without.
thought i'd give this a try
when i put it on my face i can feel it start to work
i do not like the packaging
she told me she could give me a sample since it doesn't come in a smaller jar
it does exactly what i hoped it would do
i cannot say enough about this product.
it was just so so dry no matter what i applied.
i do wish it was maybe in a pump or a squeeze bottle
i didn't want to return it so i gave it a try.
this one does not
i did not know that a moisturizer could save my skin
i don't know how long it will last me- i don't want to fall in love
i would try a sample first to see if this really works for you
i believe that you should spend a little bit of money on skincare
i cannot stress enough how much i love this product
oh a good tip is to ask for a sample first to try at home before you buy
can't get enough of origins' products
it goes away almost immediately when you apply it to your skin
it doesn't bother me at all
so for me to say the scent is not an issue is really saying something
i don't know how well it's going to work on very dry skin
i can't test it on that
i find something that works and i stick with it.
i can now say i will be a fan forever
this really did save my skin!!
this product does the trick!
i wouldn't use anything else!
it really does what it says -- repair dry
a little does go a long way though.
t doesn't last all day for me
i do appreciate the 5 hours of oil control
we decided to give this product a try
i know the reason for my matte look it this product you must try
it does not break me out
i can't think of one bad thing to say about this product
does exactly what it says
i know everyone's skin is different
wonder "do some people not know what mattifying means?"
sephora's product will do in the mean time
i wouldn't mind if it didn't
i tried it on first to prove to him there was no color or scent or anything "girly"
this has work so good it last pretty much for all the day maybe 10 hours if you never retouch your makeup like me
i can't say enough good things about this.
it unfortunately used to make me break out
i did and i no longer get breakouts.
didn't know it was for men
i couldn't believe my face was not oily for a whole day at work
he never did anything with it
i can tell you
of course, it may not work for everybody.
t does not look like make-up
you just need to reapply
i don't look like i just worked out
i would reccommend this to anybody who has trouble combatting shine
this oil did not bother me
it didn't make me break out
so the price isn't bad for the amount of uses you do get
i don't see any reason to stop
as you only need 3 drops for your whole face
if you're like me
don't debate it any longer
i would recommend this to everyone
if you're thinking about getting it
that's what i'll explore next
i can truly say it has changed my skin.
now i cqn't do without it
purchased a travel size to try since i wasn't sure if i was gonna like it or not
figured i'd give this a try
i would give 5 stars
this is exactly what my skin needed
that never happens lol
it will change your life
honestly cannot tell because i used it only about 4 times so far
1-2 drops is all you need!
i don't believe this has given me any breakouts
the only reason why some may not like it is that it has a weird smell
i tell everyone they should get it.
i can't imagine my routine without them
i feel like it's a waste of product when i can't really have control of how much drops i want/need to use
i hope i can figure this out.
maybe i got a bad one.
i don't think i'll ever use another product again
if you don't have combo/oily skin i think this would be a great oil for you
just buy it already you will not regret it!
do it could be put in anything
cannot say enough good about this product.
decided to give it a go
really couldn't believe it.
i don't break out or anything
i don't have to put anything else in my coarse
it doesn't weight it down like you would think given that it's an oil
i can really tell the difference
didn't think much about it at first
the smell does not bother me whatsoever
it doesn't last long
let me tell you
know it'll last a long long time
don't recommend you put it on in the day
give it a try you won't regret it.
you've got to be creative about how
when you use this
if you use this alone or if you use too much
you will likely look
even if you use it alone
you don't need very much--only a couple small drops will do
not sure if i would buy this particular oil
see that it agrees with my skin
it never looks the same when i don't use this for a while
i say try the small bottle to see if it works on your skin
i don't ever want to go without it again.
i can definitely tell that my face looks
for those of you who don't know
i can't even explain how amazing it is
just like i knew it would
try this out because you won't be disappointed
i wouldn't recommend using it in the day because your face does look a little shiny after using it
this oil does wonders for me
you know around that time
it didn't make me produce more oil
i did not find any results using this alone on my skin
let me tell you
i wondered why she would give this away because it is the best oil i've put on my face
it just doesn't work for me
this oil doesn't bother me whatsoever
i don't usually use it under my foundation
i don't find a problem with my makeup if i do
a little does go a long way
if you try the smallest size you could always use it on elbows
i really don't think it could be a waste of money if you get creative
plus you can always return to sephora if you just can't find a use for this miracle stuff
if you don't fall in love
hope you fall in love with it too!
so of course it'll look that way
don't use this everyday
i'll forever use this stuff
i would definitely recommend this product.
i don't break out in acne anymore
i don't know why it took me so long to start using oil on my face
i would definently try the $15 one first
so i decided to give it a try.
i do think it's helped mine clear up
if i could give this 6 stars i would.
i don't do this all the time
i cannot go a day with out it.
i would also use this before i did my makeup.
i didn't really notice it at all
it does what it promises
i would recommend it.
but i would still recommend it for sure!
just be sure to let it absorb completely first
i do see subtle
i can put it on
i do recommend applying eye shadow primer if you want your eyes to last for hours
don't know about anti aging
you can note a difference around your eyes
doesn't take much product
you don't need much either
once you start putting this stuff on your face you wont let anything else get near it
i donot even try to try any others now
i dont know how iam going to keep affording it ill cut down on eating
i cant live without this stuff every morning
i also don't need much.
now i know why
not only do i see a difference again
this did the trick
i wanted something a little different for my routine
i did recommend this to my dad who is trying to take better care of his skin
i would definitely recommend it.
not sure why other reviews are saying it's sticky
then one day i decided to try something new
it does not give me the issues i've read in the other reviews
you don't require a lot of it
doesn't make me oily throughout the day like other ones ive tried either
this cream has done exactly what it claims to do for me
i could not believe it so cheap.
as all of us i like trying new things
no matter what i always
wont be going anywhere else
there isn't a thing not to love about this all-time best seller
it does what a face cream should do
this does not irritate
if you apply too much
there is a perfect balance if you apply a little
it does not make me oily at all.
you don't need a lot, so it will last awhile.
it did not disappoint.
don't know how well it would do with heavier scarring
i can definitely tell a difference if i run out
this is one product i can't live without.
i just could not st
then you will like this
let me tell you
it does not sit on top the face
you don't have to use a lot to be effective
doesn't make me break out
let me warn you
this is the first cream i can use that doesn't make me break out
you only need a little!
this isn't going to fulfill it
i feel silly for not trying this sooner!
so happy i found this one that does the job
i imagine you would need something heavier
which i'm sure some people do like
i don't think i'll be buying it again as i can't st
doesn't sit on top
love this because i haven't gotten any breakouts because of it
at the same time it doesn't break me out
i can actually tell that there's a difference in how my skin looks
i didn't think there would be enough to get the full effect
i don't know if it would do the same in the summer
i wanted to find something that would work the same way
didn't use anything for about a week
i like this product i don't break out
i didn't realize i paid $84 for this until i got home
i do notice that if i forget to apply it for a few days i notice the lines do come back
but i don't actually use it for my face !
when i use it i can actually tell my face is plumper
will see how that goes
who doesn't want to look their best asap?
it's refreshing to find a product that actually does what it says it will do
i think it actually does what it says
i won't do without it.
it does make skin look better everyday
i can honestly say i have seen a difference in a matter of weeks
i do recommend product however i personally cannot afford it
it does what it claims
see how it goes
it you an afford it=miracle cream
decided to give it a try
it does what it says it will
that's all you can ask of a product
it does all that it says it will
i think that i'd like this better if my skin was not so sensitive
trust me when i say i have tried it all
don't do what i did
it really does take care of those fine lines under my eyes
while waiting on my order uses something else
nothing truly makes them go away
this stuff works so well that when i don't use it for a few days i definitely feel a difference
i wish they would wait longer to ask for a review
if i do for whatever reason
now i don't know if this was the process that happens before it becomes lighter
i will never go without it again.
i guess i will have to wait & see.
although i don't really have any fine lines/wrinkles yet
for anyone wondering if this will cause irritation
you don't need much.
you don't need a lot
you don't need much
do not notice it any more
this eye cream does all that it promised.
i don't really believe that any product can make lines
wondering "why do i look so old all of a sudden?"
aahhhh yes... send me more sephora!
i tried them all
this has become a product that i don't think i could live without
i can't really say that the lines are any less obvious
doesn't sting, and everything else i tried did.
i can't believe some people say this doesn't work
this has never bothered me
now they aren't much of a concern anymore :
this product does exactly what it says it does.
went or it anyways
warning though if you have sensitive eyes you wont like this i had burning there or a bit
i never would've considered it if i hadn't gotten a sample
i would definitely recommend this product
needless to say, i have not been good to my skin.
you have to take this stuff seriously as this is not just some cream
you'll definitely see results
don't write it off
i don't with this
i wasn't too sure this product would work
only time will tell
it is too soon to tell
buy this stuff, it really does work!
i don't think i'm supposed to
i did it anyway
when you put it on
i wouldn't have bought it if it didn't work
they aren't pimples there just there for no reason
you only need a little bit
i at first thought this was not doing anything.
i didn't experience any burning or gloppiness
i really like what it does for me
can't wait to see what the next 3 weeks bring!!!
i don't normally write reviews
cannot believe how fast
or you'll get too much
this is the best non-prescription stuff you can get
will never use anything else
the only thing is that it can leave your skin a little dry if you use it too much
didn't want to finish the product
you'll get the results
it does take time to see results
not sure if i see a change to be honest
i would go to any lengths to pop the pimples so that they would "go away
i feel like i didn't need too.
i don't feel the need to cover up with makeup anymore
one thing i can say is that i don't recommend putting it on before you do your makeup because it does kind of have a tacky consistency/feel
i hope you guys like the product as much as i do
and it just wasn't going away.
i can't tell if it's time or the product
this product does what it says
you need to make sure you use it twice a day
this has not let me down
i usually don't believe anything that claims to get rid of scars
i would definitely recommend if you have the same problem
i think after i achieve the clarity i want i won't have to use as often
i decided to give this a go
i didn't find that
if you are like me
please give this a try
obviously there's no guarantee
don't hesitate to try this
i can not say it clears up the skin
i didn't have high hopes, but i was so wrong!
never thought it would go away
when i read reviews on this, i had to try it.
you have to use this twice a day if you want to see results
i love this product so much that i had to let others know about it
you could still see it
ok so for something to really remove scars would be really amazing
no matter what i seemed to do
now i don't have to
i want to go back to my local store
i don't know if this product has anything to do with it
make sure to wait maybe five minutes after you apply the serum if you're going to put make-up on
i didn't experience anything even close to this in my teens
wasn't sure how to h
i know i'm not losing it
i hope that's not the case bc i'd like to experience results on my right cheek also
the only thing i don't like about this product is it doesn't absorb into skin
i think it works if you work it!
i couldn't believe that it actually works
i cannot even tell where my scar was.
it's not going to work overnight
this may be all i need to do the trick.
it might seem expensive, but i think it worth it.
did nothing for me
i can definitely tell a difference with this product
so don't expect to get a perfect face overnight
don't let the size of the dispenser fool you
it might make you break out a little
one thing i will suggest is that you don't rely soley on the rollerball to apply it on your face
i don't usually write reviews
it didn't really work for me
(seriously, if you're thinking about it-do it!)
i even wish i wouldn't of waited as long as i did to start
you can tell it's working
this serum doesn't break me out either
it absolutely will not come out
please hurry and send another!!
don't expect fast results
anyway the product works
just want to give it a try to see if i won the lottery
i couldn't tell a difference
to put exactly how much exactly where you need it
ts going to take some time
i agree with another review i saw that it doesn't work well under makeup
that is the only reason i didn't give it a 5 star rating
because this stuff really does work
i don't believe in miracle products
i am curious if this stuff is making me break out
not sure i will buy again if it continues to make me break out in areas that i apply
i didn't think my face was ever going to be free of scars
i wouldn't uses them on current blemishes because it seems to make them bigger
which basically makes me never want to leave the house without makeup on
i did notice that the premature pimples got bigger so next time i'll make sure that i am specific when it comes to applying the serum
i would recommend this to anyone!!
would definitely recommend it
even the fullest coverage foundations cant cover them
it does take about 4-6 weeks to see a difference
i don't think i can fully explain how this product changed my skin
i don't usually write reviews
i would recommend this product to everyone if i could
once you see them
please please try this product!
can't live without it
does what it says.
asked what i'd done to my face
wanted in on whatever it was i was doing
can't see switching to anything else any time soon
i never ever write reviews for anything
this could be from my entire skin care regimen i don't know
the reason i'm giving this 4 instead of 5 stars is i want it to do a little more for my wrinkles
i don't have many
this really is a product that does what it says it will
the rep told me to give this and try and i did!
this does the trick
i feel like i've tried everything to get rid of it
not sure if it is this
it doesn't last anyways
you will not be disappointed.
that i can't use it every day
i know retashphere works because i went away for 1
reading more about i thought why not give it a try myself
i can't believe what i see in the mirror.
there aren't enough good things to say about this product
i'll spend anything to make my skin look it's best
if you like me
i highly suggest you to go to your local sephora
if you're serious about using it, persevere!
don't know about this price
not only did i not see results
can't live without it.
even though sometimes they hurt my pocketbook
i think you need to work up to it
you can sense where you are in the amount you have left
it does not seem to linger
if i use it any more, i do get dry.
really does what it says it will do
i look like i don't have any wrinkles when i put it on
see how if affects you
i do not have sensitive skin whatsoever
you will probably get red
i find that my skin sucks it right up.
i feel like i don't have to wear as much foundation lately
i wouldn't use this everyday because of my age
i feel a difference from the moment i put it on
i don't think i can afford the $85 price tag regularly…
cant wait to try new ones from her line
i do not have fine lines-yet
what i will say
you do not need much!
and i didn't see much change.
i can't believe it!
this product did not irritate my skin what so ever
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone considering it
you definitely get what you pay for
i really can see a difference in my skin.
i don't wanna deal with that during the day even though i don't wear foundation
no side effects or anything for me!
i wouldn't use it at night time personally because i prefer something heavier at night
so far....i like it!
was afraid this would dry me out
what i like about this product
i do not see much effect
it does what it claims to do
very seldom do i reorder anything
i barely have any anymore!
i don't feel as if they've changed a whole lot
you don't need to use a lot
t lasts a while-- you should not use this under makeup it does leave something on the skin--when i wash it off the next morning i can still feel it
i cant say i agree with its pore minimizing claims
this one did not!
it works well if i don't use this every day.
i can really feel it working when i put it on.
i do not break out on my chin anymore.
didn't hesitate to pick this one up
doesn't seem to be breaking me out though
the when i was getting my skin id they used this for my face
we all hate to shell out for a big ticket item
absolutely recommend if you want to work on the texture
you can feel it tighten your skin as soon as you put it on
that aside, i actually do love this product.
didn't think this moisturizer could do it!
i don't go a day without this lightweight
was curious to see what it could do for me
i would recommend this product to anyone!!
ask if i was doing something different since my skin looked so smooth
i don't even need a primer anymore this works so well
i think you just need to use it for over a week
would love to get it again
did not give the product a chane to work because after i got it home i could not see always buying a 65
would definitely try it out when i get a tab bit over 25
it doesn't take much at all
i can't believe it
cannot live without it
i wouldn't say that it does anything to refine pores
you just have to fine the products that works for your skin type
figured i would give it a try
i would for sure underst
i don't have to do that anymore thanks to this product
make sure you don't leave the product without the lid on
wasn't doing anything else for my skin
you do get a generous amount
yes i do still get break outs
i definitely would recommend this product to anyone
let me tell you
it turns out not to be such a bad thing for me at all
no matter what foundation i used
you can really see the different
i sometimes find that i can go out without make-up
i think this might have even helped me clear my skin a little bit
i don't know if this product is directed towards that
it does work so far
problem solved!--doesn't happen anymore.
i am skeptic when it comes to anything that will "minimize" pores
i do actually believe that this made my pores look smaller
it also did not make me break out.
only reason i didn't give a 5 * is because it has no sunscreen
i really can see a difference.
can't really tell about wrinkles because i'm only 28
for what it does for your face you cant really complain
if you can afford to try this product you definitely should
i do like the way it makes my skin look.
i would give it 5 stars if it didn't leave my skin feeling so dry after i use it
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
first off let me say that i almost didn't purchase because it said it was a gel
i recommend trying this one
t lasts me a long time
try it like that
can't wait for the full results
i can't even lie
it does not make me breakout either.
i do recommend if you can afford it.
people keep telling me i look so much younger
they don't know why
end up ordering something else when i don't see results
don't know how well it'll be for people with big pores
if only someone had told me about this sooner!
decided to give it a shot anyways
i really did not buy this to treat my acne
i do not know where to begin.
don't know how this would work for those with dry skin
i don't know if that was product related or just coincidence
i still gave it 5 stars because it did what it claimed to do
maybe combine with something else
i wasn't sure if i should commit to this
i'll never buy anything else!
well i was so wrong
for those of you pondering this please give this a try
you can now see eyes again
it really didn't improve my bags
you cannot get all of the product out of the bottle
you don't need much
don't see any difference there
i wanted something to address fine lines
this doesn't bother them at all
it hasn't bothered me at all
it's hard to know how objective i can really be
and i don't believe in miracles.
-- if you really want to see dramatic results in your eyes
i do want to say that the packaging for this product is about as good as it gets
it does the things that it promises to do
this price-point compels me to dig into the bottle like a mad-person
i won't go a day without it!
let me tell you
when i put this stuff on
you could tell there was a suttle change where my eyes looked more awake
i could imagine what itll be like for a month or more
you will be happy
as the saying goes: you get what you paid for
it does what it says it will do
this doesn't make them irritated
you really don't need much at all
i pray that they don't change or discontinue it
you miss your skin when you wake up
was hesitant as i didn't want to burn my skin as it is sometimes sensitive
this probably won't be a problem for you
if you do i would recommend just stick to the pm routine
just because it totally does work like nothing i've tried
it does what it says it will do
i love that you can use it on the actual eyelid
i found a product that does exactly what it says it does
cannot get enough of it
i love that u can you on eyelid too
please- state your age at the start of your review
without it women like me age 62 don't know if the product reviews apply to this age
i don't know why they do for some
a little does go a long way
i like that enough to want to buy a full bottle to give it a fair shot
it does what it promises
not to mention you need so little for each application
takes a minute to absorb so you have to wait a little before applying anything else such as makeup
i don't know what some people expect
two you don't really have wrinkles yet
first of all i want to say that i am cheap.
i honestly didn't expect the results to be so spectacular
can't say enough about how great my skin looks when i use this daily
being over 55 i didn't expect any miracles
you can't stop time
i don't know if i will repurchase or not since i like to try out new products
gave it a try anyway
do stick with it
it's too early to tell anything else about this product
decided to give it a try
no matter how much sleep i get or what moisturizer i use
i highly recommend this for us forty-somethings that don't want to look our age
i wasn't sure it would keep working, but it did!
it does much of what it says for me
does not migrate and go into your eyes.
can't remember which one
know i can go to bed
not worry about what's going to be on my pillow in the morning
i can't recommend it enough to my friends
have nothing to compare it to
i can see the difference
i do lack sleep
don't waste your time.
you instantly see results
i would say this honestly works wonders
i decided to give this a try
this one does the job
i feel like it's consistency is exactly how i want it
what more to ask for ?
hope you love the eye cream as much as i do!
i couldn't believe it
it doesn't do much for wrinkles though.
you can see instant results
wouldn't be without it
seriously if your in the market for an eye cream try this you will love it
you don`t wanna got overboard with this one
i don't know if it has any long term effects
don't skip this step!
we won't be young forever!
know what i'm talking about
so far i couldn't really find anyone of them actually get rid of dark circles
i cannot tell a difference just yet
i know they're not going to go away
it does help lighten them
i didn't expect it to
please do yourself a favor
you will not be disappointed.
didn't use it for ages because i didn't know what it was
it does what it claims
the only thing i would mention is the cream doesn't absorb super quickly
it did not work for me
i would suggest to go to sephora if you can
get a sample to see if it works for you or not
i cannot say enough good things about this eye cream
actually tell that its doing what its supposed to
i think it does
so this will last me forever
it shouldn't take long with this product
decided to give this a try
this stuff did the trick
while some of them didn't work out for me
i could go on and on.
felt compelled to finally write one again just
could yell about this product
this doesn't break me out
i can't imagine using anything else
not sure what is in this product but it works!
for the first time in my left does exactly what it says
can make you break out if you use daily
i try not eat it lol
it doesn't break me out
a lot goes a long way so you don't need much
i wanted something gentle enough for around my eyes
you should definitely see a difference
now i can't live without them
i don't know if i would ever put this on my face as an oil
you would think this would be like vasoline
dare i say "young"?
i do not use it on my face
i just wish the price was a little better or you got more for what you pay for it
i also like it for no make up days when i want that dewey skin look
definitely recommend if you have any stubborn dry spots that don't seem to go away
thought i would give it a try
i never go a day without it
at first i thought i wouldn't like it
basically i would give this 10 stars if i could.
it does tend to "disappear" if i apply it elsewhere
hydration wherever you need it whenever you need it
the good thing is the smell doesn't really linger after you put it on
i guess the same thing will eventually happen to my new one
i'll take better care of it just cause i need this
i couldn't believe it worked.
did not need to reapply.
this product is basically a do-it all!
i even use this on my kids!
it will rid you of that problem fast
i might be using it wrong
i don't think it is worth the trouble
i would say definitely don't plan to use this before putting on any makeup
thank you a sephora for bring it question can you make a bigger size?
they dry up like nothing else
this is the only thing that will save my lips.
why did i wait so long to try this?
i wanted to try this so badly
it doesn't break you out
do not apply if you plan on putting makeup on afterwards
it's now my go to for so many things
it's really hard to find something that wont make me break out in pimples or a rash
would not recommend for all over your face
just know that it's not a quickly absorbed product
i didn't break out etc
can i please say how much i love this product
let me begin by saying that i like this product
no matter how you store it
i couldn't see them but i could feel them.
i also don't like how long the oil takes to absorb
i wish i could give it 3
i don't even need it in the morning
i cannot get enough of this product.
easy to take with you everywhere you go
you can use it for anything.
you don't have to use much for your skin to thank you
i won't be without this ever
i can't recommend it enough!
it did nothing for me
i can see why it would be recommended to use at night if you’re using it on your face because it does leave it looking a bit greasy
it does go a long ways
not a deal breaker for me
because if you use too much
i did not see results until my second jar-honestly
obviously when i don't use it skin goes back to normal as expected
even though my skin doesn't necessarily need this it loved it
i don't like spend much time on taking care of my skin cuz i'm busy with labs
which means you don't have lots of time to deal with your skin
friends can tell a difference
i can tolerate it
you get what you pay for
let me tell you
sometimes you really do get what you pay for.
this cream did not give me any breakouts
so when i come across a product that gives me what i need i most definitely write a review
alone it gives your skin a healthy glow i can't say enough good things about it
i don't think i will ever stop using this cream as it feels light around my eyes
i break out with just about anything else
this one just seems to do what it is suppose to do
i do change up products
i recommend it to the people i care about only.
i don't know what it is
i think it's because it's supposed to work for exactly what i wanted it to: brighten my dark circles
it's worth a try trust me
i could tell a difference in a week!
here we go again
i figure that my eyes were watering b/c the product was doing exactly what it was supposed to
will not use anything other!
i think this helps prevent them
i know that miracles don't exist
you only need a little
i recommend that you use it every day
i don't have dark circles so can't comment on whether or not it helps that problem
don't work even at $200
didn't bother my eyes
i don't have many lines
stays an did not break me out my skin can be a little sensitive
i love that it does not irritate my eyes at all
decided to really pay attention
it looks really bad when i compare to friends my age or even much older
this product does exactly what it says.
though i don't know if its the product
maybe i will try it on its own
say that i don't really need a specific eye cream
you notice immediate results once you put it on
i don't go anywhere without applying this stuff
i cannot recommend it enought!
can already tell the difference it's made on the fine lines around my eyes-you can hardly see them anymore
you won't be able to tell because of this amazing cream
i couldn't believe the difference it made.
water or didn't make any difference
it does exactly what it claims to do
it does it so well
it did not make my skin break out
i love how you only need a small amount
it'll be enough for your whole face
i can really tell the difference in the morning when i find my face so soft
i won't be without it now!
this is the only thing that does the trick
can't live without it!
really does what it claims for.
would probably want to try something new
though in the summer i don't really need it much
how after i've been it on i forget it's even there
which i still do
ter on my face because nothing else helped
don't let the term "mask" scare you
i don't know what happened
this is what i want if ever str
i don't own any other product that works this well
doesn't break me out.
i would definitely recommend!
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who does not have severely dry skin issues or who wants something to use on a nightly basis
which is what i wanted
i think it will be a forever favourite
the value is pretty good considering you don't need that much for your whole face either
it does the job
you definitely get your money's worth.
this doesn't irritate it at all
you don't have to use a lot of it either.
do not use this daily anymore
there's no ingredient that would require you to only apply at night
i can break out sometimes
this is one heck of a score on a fabulous clinique product if you only intend to use it as needed
i don't know how it would be with daily usage
don't feel that i can justifiably give five stars just yet
s-on enough for me
if you prefer that sort of thing
i don't mean to gross anyone out
i know it says overnight
we'll see if it works to prevent the problem entirely :
i could tell the difference after just one application
which i did not expect
do you use this in place of your night-time skin care products?
can you use this around your eyes?
i do like this product
i think calling it a "mask" is part of what has me confused
however, i do like this stuff.
so glad i did because it does not even compete with this
well let me tell you not with this product.
not sure why they call it a mask.
whatever you want to call it
if feel like i need a little "umph" to it
harder to find than you'd think
it doesn't make me break out
yet sometimes i forget that even if your face is oily it still needs a little boost now
even better it didn't break me out like i was afraid it would
this product does not aggravate it at all
it doesn't make me break out
it doesn't get sticky unless i put on a way too much
i definitely want to keep using it
would recommend to anyone no matter the type of skin
i don't use it as a mask at all
so far i really do like it
don't regret it one bit
i will use this forever.
doesn't tighten my face all crazy
didn't look any more mositurized
you really do not need much of the product
you can feel it going to work
i can only think of pro's for this clinique product
with its purchase you can't go wrong
i tried just about everything!
i didn't expect to love it as much as i did
i especially didn't believe it was going to work
lol if you have dry skin i highly suggest you try this out
you won't regret it!
did not break me out.
t's a great deal if you do a weekly face mask
effective enough that you'll feel
this stuff is what i wish the original glamglow mask was
'm not sure about the cleansing part
the brush is great for application because i do not feel like i am wasting it
i did think i would see less black heads
lol you won't be sorry if you get this mask.
don't have a ton of time
i do like the mask.
if you plan to use it down your neck
in fact every time i can feel a littel pain
t isnt too expensive if you can get a lot of uses out of it
can tell the big differance the next day
i would definitely recommend this to anyone that wants a bit of a "pick me up" overnight
it does dry if you leave it long enough
so you actually feel like something is happening
i can't wait to feel how smooth my skin will be when i'm finished
so the next time that's what i did
whatever your skin type is
i wish i could tell you it is terrible so that no one else would buy it because now the word out
you should not expect this product to do wonders--your skin will not all of the sudden become poreless
i just bought my second pack because i definitely don't want to run out
helps make sure that you don't use too much
you feel and see the difference.
i couldn't help but feel my face all day.
i think using this
depending how much you apply
do not rip yourself off by using one pod 2-3 times
i don't think i've ever used a product that could do that
i would definitely recommend this mask.
it does not did much to my face
i don't usually write reviews
feel compelled to share this with everyone
next time i think i will use this while i do yoga
to me it didn't make much difference so am going to stick with getting a few uses out of a pod
you cant save product for a second time.
you will get results
you won't get the full affect if your cutting down on using the whole pod to save money
you can do the math from there
you cannot go wrong with this purchase.
i did enjoy trying it out
i do love the way it feels on the face
how anyone could have something bad to say about this
enjoy yourself with the payment more than what you've paid！
i should have started using it asap!
buy it, you won't be sorry.
it`s easy to apply with no mess
if you're willing to splurge a little for a mask
this one will do you just fine
thought i would try this
maybe didn't use enough
i really like it cause i can feel
it did not disappoint
it does exactly what it claims to do
i wouldn't rely on this to clear up blemishes for you
let me tell you of my pleasant surprise
at first i couldn't even tell that i was applying it
i actually think that it made it better
i almost didn't want to
wanted to get rid of them
i would recommend this one
a purifyng masque that actually does what it says it's going to do
but i was wrong!
definately does what it says
if you don't have very dry skin this probably isn't for you
if your used to a more american face routine
doesn't break me out
doesn't take much at all
i always go back to boscia
but it definitely does what it says it will
tip: if you've run out
do not throw your tube away unless you done this :
i didn't know what to expect
it doesn't last long
i do not have this problem anymore
while it didn't affect me badly it still didn't show me results i wanted to see
plus it did not make me break out.
don't expect to get the last little bit out because the top does not come off
this certainly does not
see if i'd like it
when i ran out i didn't think i needed to buy it again
f any of you know anything about accutane then you know how severely dry it makes skin
it will probably not be enough on it's own
i the product didn't cause me to breakout
cons:-i didn't see any change in my skin at all
it didn't seem to do anything
this does what it says.
i would definitely say do as it says
you can never go wrong with boscia products!
you can't beat their return policy when a product doesn't work out for you
you have nothing to lose to try it
everything to gain if it does as well with your skin
i don't remember the specific name honestly
she loves it so this may be good as long as you aren't too sensitive i guess
but that's why we all shop from sephora right?
give it a go if you like the brand.
would recommend anyone with combo or dry skin to try it for a week or 2
i guess you could say that i've had one for every "mood"
i can see why this may not be a great day cream
i do not usually write reviews
that does not do the trick during winter times
just try it out
addicted, never want to be without it.
please never stop stocking this one!
it did wonders for my skin!
this doesn't do that.
this product is not for you
why do i return to it?
yea!take it with you wherever you go.
so lets talk about that down side.. the smell!
that's what i did
i really do its just that you have to use quite a bit which does not justify the price
doesn't leave it gross
this does not break me out
to be honest i don't really notice much of a smell
this does not disappoint
doesn't make me break out.
i decided i need something with an spf instead
i would give this 10 stars if i could.
t goes on easily
i can put it on
then do my makeup almost immediately after: i don't have to wait ages for it to sink in
will break out if i don't use certain products
enough spf doesn't bother me at all
i can't decide how i feel about this moisturizer.
i don't feel that it does anything more than my previous
can't say enough positive things about this product
this one did not disappoint
do you know how hard it is to get a non-greasy spf 30?
which i don't mind
i can't tell it has spf in it
this doesn't give me breakouts
that fact that it never breaks me out
i don't consider this a negative trait because it means you only need a little to cover your whole face
i feel like i don't have anything on my skin
i dont blot anymore
this one actually does the trick!
i decided to try this one
did not expect anything from the cream
it does everything it's supposed to do without making my skin feel oily
i would definitely recommend this product.
i've never used anything from this br
i did not break out at all.
t doesn't go to waste
you will like this
i cannot say enough good stuff about this
i love that it doesn't break me out
i just hope that since it is not oil free it wont cause me to breakout
will update again if it does!
i also wanted something for everyday that provided higher spf since i keep hearing my makeup's spf isn't doing anything for me
the best yet it doesn't break me out.
did not leave behind any drynessl
i wanna believe it does something
cannot recommend it enough!!
if you need more you can add a little more
isn't that what everyone wants?
that i can see right now
does what i want it to do
thought i could buy something else that's heavier
but nothing works except this.
i don't get any breakouts from this
i would never ever go without it again.
i don't remember if it's the same size or not
i just wish it didn't cost so much!
i don't know why this is
i don't know why
also there isn't as much in there as you would like to think
if this had some kind of uv protection i would buy it forever
i don't feel that way anymore
if you want a moisturizer that mattifies i wouldn't necessarily suggest this :my skin either looks balanced or glowy
does go a long way
i can't stress enough how much you need this.
it does not make me break out
makes me want to try other products from this line
it just does what it says it will
it didn't make my skin breakout
i cant find anything better in any price range because the texture is so amazing
i will use the product until it's gone
then you know what a relief that is
don't think i'll buy again though.
i don't know how nars did it
if you don't, try using it once a day.
i didn't think much of it at all
don't think i'd recommend it for daytime use
this is good i don't have any more flakyness i use this at night before i go to bed
i couldn't believe the difference
would say thank you if it could
i will never be without this lovely mask which i don't actually use as a mask
i don't know if it really performs miracles over the long term
i do know it makes my skin
wouldn't worry about that
this product did not help much
i don't want to be re-applying this all day
this stuff does the job
not too heavy but does the job.
products so much i though her why not
thinking i wouldn't enjoy it because i wasn't sure i trusted nars with making skincare products rather than makeup
i would recommend this
to make sure it is a good fit for you before shelling out the money
you will seriously see
it does exactly what it says.
it does not break out my skin.
i can't imagine my life without beauty oil anymore
what i love the most about it is that with just a little you can feel the difference in your skin
also do a bunch of other things
i actually like how i look when i wake up!
i dont think ill ever stop using this stuff.
i hope they never stop making it!
asked the staff to give me a sample of this one to see if it works on me better
unless i find something better
didn't really use it much when i first got it
i don't even know where to start.
let me tell you, boscia is it.
this does not sit on your skin or make you look slick what so ever
i can't imagine living with out this now!
if you're familiar with that then you should know that this is much lighter
all you need is one drop
i don't regret it at all
it does not block your pores or any thing.
no matter your skin type there is one out there!
not only does it easily take off product
until i realized i could use it for lip care
does what it says it does.
when i wake up i can see the difference.
unless i use too much
then thats my own fault
i see no need to even try any others.
2-3 drops is truly all you need.
i can go without foundation
i don't even need to use it twice i just love the smell
a little does go a long way so you will get your money's worth out of this product
i really do like the effect it has on my skin
can't see myself going without it
does not absorb well
i would definitely recommend this product.
now i swear this stuff is making me age backwards
my doctor didn't know what it was
which i did not use
nothing i did try had any effect.
t might have something to do with it as well
does not leave a shiny film
i don't use this everyday
t does last quite a while
go easy on it or you will end up with breakouts.
i cannot say enough good things about this facial oil
i don't know what changed
can't let this expensive bottle go to waste
you don't need much
does not make my skin breakout.
i don't know what actually made me try it
if i can feel them at all on my skin
then it is a no go
i can't say for certain if it's doing anything about preventing premature signs of aging
i think it's a great value for how little you actually have to use
wanted to try something different
don't think it's added in or anything.
it is not greasy like you would think when you read the word " oil"
i do not use it every night though because i did notice i broke out after using this
see how i like it
i would absolutely recommend this to anyone struggling with scarring
if i do they disappear quickly
i never want to put on any makeup
this is everything i ever needed.
it doesn't break me out at all
i can't tell if it's good with anti-aging or not since i don't have visibly signs of aging
i probably won't recommend people to use this in summer if your skin is combination
great hydration and does not break me out at all.
you get a lot of product
other oils i dont do it anymore
always read the labels to make sure you are not allergic to any of the ingredients
i really recommend it for anyone can use it
this can work when you have nothing else around
if i could give this 10 stars i would.
even though i know not all oil is bad
you only need 3-4 drops
so this bottle is gonna last forever
i can't live without this.
unless you spill it like i have before
all you need is 3 drops.
it will tell you all about oil fighting oil
if your thinking about getting this just get it.
you won't regret it.
i don't know if it's working on the anti aging because well i am only 23
it will take you forever to get through this bottle
when i need a pick-me-up
i knew that if the product didn't work for my skin
when i run out i'll probably buy another even though i'm a product junkie
like to try different things
i did a lot of research
i can actually say that this one works
let me just say it is the best cleanser by far
you just can't go wrong with orgins!
i'll never use anything else now.
i can't say enough of wonderful things about this cleanser
don't get it in your eyes
this product does not irritate either
i really do think it helps with my fine lines that i was starting to see
you do not need much for cleansing
like it enough to buy it again if i can control the amount i use
but don't let that deter u from trying this.
i think you'll love it as much as i do.
what else i could expect from a serum?
i didn't see much of a difference
ya may wanna test it before you buy
i do apply it again in the morning with my entire routine not because i need to
i've bought it 3 times already because i can't get enough
it does not with this one
i will never look back
it does not absorb quickly
it does not linger
can make sure i always use the right amount
s from the work i do
this work for me when i am in a hurry
this one isn't anything special
it does the job
doesn't break me out
if you use more
you'll be surprised how long it lasts
i cant believe it is my face in the mirror
for $20 you'd think one would get a fair amount wrong
won't do it again
f you get a sample make sure it can carry you through 4-5 applications
i can't believe how amazing this is
after one use i could tell a difference.
this doesn't break me out
i recommend it to everyone!
i did not think that it would be very hydrating because it is so light
i usually don't even need a full pump
i hesitate to use skin samples if i don't talk to an in store skin professional
unlike other reviews i didn't react nor was my face oily
i literally don't know how i've lived my life for so long without this
i don't think i could find anything more wonderful for my face
wont ever buy anything else!
didn't think much of it
i couldnt wait to try it
glad it did not let me down
everyone who complains about the smell-- it must be you
i really don't like that
f you have a similar skin type i definitely recommend you give this product a try
i cannot say enough about it
i cannot say enough great things about this moisturizer
don't want to scare you off
which is exactly what i needed
i could not believe how amazing my skin looked
rarely do anything i need them to do
what do i need?
it always did the job
it wasn't anything to write home about
you really don't need much
you will either love or hate this product
i only use it at night so that's not a problem for me
you won't like this
if it doesn't work come over to this
which sometimes tends to happen
once you get past that you'll find his goes on light
i hardly write reviews
then this afterward if you're concerned about taking your makeup off
all in all this product definitely doesn't get enough hype
i wish it did something to help my acne
foamy exactly what i thought it would be
t won't get the full 5 stars
it doesn't take much at all.
i would definitely recommend this product.
i prefer this one, i think it cleans better.
would definitely recommend it.
i know the other reviews aren't happy that it doesn't remove makeup-
this one did not dissapoint
i like it, though.
try it and you'll see!
i would definitely recommend it to others.
i let the makeup artist know what i have noticed about my skin
i never usually write reviews
it does make your face look orange when you apply that why i'm using it as a night cream
let it absorb once you apply it.
can be used witth aha or retionol priducts.
if you take your time
can honestly say that this just seals the deal
i always say that if i product i use doesn't smell good it better be a miracle in a bottle
i can tell a big difference in just a week.
decided to give this a try
genuinely don't know what i would have done without it
but now i don't.
it really does what it says.
i did not get that effect
you needs this in your life!
i could tell it was making a difference with my skin
i can't get over what a difference this makes after just one week
don't care about the colour or the smell as i only use it at night
don't want that to change
fragrance is not something you should want on your skin anyway
but i can't stop putting this stuff on my face.
i think a big thing about oils is the way you apply it
this is why you see different reviews.
the best way to know if work for you is to ask for a sample
try it a few days and then make your decision.
something i apply before
the smell isn't something that i would normally go for
doesn't bother me at all
doesn't really bother me
it does not disappoint.
can't say enough good things about this product.
i feel like my skin gets better each day i use it
than the job it does .
10 times out of 10 at least one person will tell me how nice my skin looks
i don't care what your skin type is
i can really tell the difference in my skin when i don't use this
wanted to give it a try
can already tell a difference
i don't think i could live without it
i agree if you don't like either then don't purchase
i don't know why people are saying it smells like fish
if you do not like the smell of oranges this might not be for you
i probably tried it
i still get little breakouts here
i don't care what it smells like or what i look like
just in one night i didn't see anymore breakouts
that said if you know anything about rose hip its definitely earthy to say the least
this one does not
whatever else they added really worked for my skin because i wake up with seriously smooth
honestly i don't know what i did with my skin before i discovered this product
u can get enough of it
but i use before i go to sleep so it's ok
don't be afraid of this oil
don't be afraid to use oil!
asked one of the gals what i should do to add a surge of moisture
i can't live without this.
saving you guys some money here if you like both :
weren't giving me the results i wanted
doesn't give me the glow that oh oil does
i don't even need primer or foundation now
adapt enough to a new skincare product before you can truly decide if it's a good fit
i don't exactly know what it's doing to work so well
even my boyfriend who doesn't notice it if i even wear makeup said there was something different about my skin
he asked if i was doing anything different
if you give it 1-2 hours it goes away
it does have a very strong curtis product may not be for you
can already tell a difference
where i would just check my face r
did the whole accutane thing
was afraid to use it on my sensitive
you really don't want it on your pillowcase
this one does for me
thought i would give it a try
s too when you apply it
this is just not going to work for you
i can not live without this perfect oil.
this oil does not make me break out
certainly,i would recommend it to a friend.
even my concealer did not want to behave
thought it's time i start taking better care of my skin
definitely would recommend this.
what this product does do
probably too soon to see any real change
you can try it a little longer before buying.
you only need to use a drop.
not to mention it lives up to every word it says
try it out for awhile
could give this a really good honest try
this seems to smooth out when i do
seems to do most of what it should
it does what the other reviews says!
i don't know how this works
thought i'd give it a try
normally i can't use anything for a few days
i can't say enough about this cream.
i could not believe it
t will last forever ever
f it didn't show up on me
i needed something for my face
they'd give me a full size version of this product if i was willing to try it out
the same thing happened to me.
i got this thinking it was the same thing
i would greatly appreciate somebody telling me what the full size is of the packet
i didn't see any true tanning effect
can't wait to use it again
i dont personally notice it
the packet did not say that it helped you tan
f you have olivier skin you can use it by itself
i can't be without it
will definitely give it a try
offensive scent or just do absolutely nothing for my skin
you feel the difference
you can use it on your eyes
i accept that fact
can tell they just don't have the same luster as this product
you can see the results immediately!
my skin does not breakout
i honestly did not think it would do anything
which barely did anything for me
i can't say enough good stuff about it.
now when i say this working miracles on my face no mean that my friends
i didn't see any results
didn't want to wait for an online order to arrive
that you should take care of it better than anything
i can't believe it didn't break me out
i also can't believe how radiant my skin is after i use it
i can't say it has been doing very much else though
i don't have any complains
i feel like it really does perk up my skin
it doesn't feel oily anymore at all
for making me try something new that i probably wouldnt have thought to buy otherwise
it doesn't feel oily like some product can do.
the packaging is simply beautiful i'm not exactly sure about its claims to wake you up
make your skin look more awake i didn't feel like i got the boost i was expecting
i would recommend this for sure
this one didn't disappoint!
would recommend this to everyone
not anything that is going to have a drastic change
the whole combo just didn't work out
it is one thing i look for in something thats going to be all over my face
nothing miscellar water couldn't fix
i didn't know what to expect
it really does wake you right up!
it did not cause me to breakout at all
you don't need to use much
i couldn't wait to try them as a set
then again i'm confused on how you energize your skin lol
i do not believe it is the end all
update if anything magical happens
doesn't make it oily or anything
there if i have anything heavy on my skin
you don't need to use much at all
i do recommend this product if you have normal to oil skin
the only reason i couldn't give it 5 stars is the lack of spf
this one did not
i didn't care for the smell which is why i didn't give it 5 stars
what i like most about this is that it didn't make me feel like as if i was just putting on lotion to my face
trust me when i say i changed my entire makeup routine
did some research on what to do
i highly recommend to anyone thinking about trying this product :
i did not know what to expect because it was a gel
i honestly didnt realize how much i needed thos product until i started using it
i would definitely recommend this product!
i wouldn't say it has done anything to improve my skin tone or texture
it didn't bother me or my contacts at all
try it, you won’t be disappointed!
where i don't feel the need for primer anymore
i can't tell you how much i love this moisturizer
i think it's more of a matter of getting used to something different
i like to use this on days i won't wear make up.
it definitely does any sacrifice anything in the hydration department
i would definitely recommend it!!
ok i'll come right out
this does not mean i'm not selective about what products i put on my face
if anything i'm even more selective about what i genuinely like
what bothers me it's that it can take a while to dry off
it does do the work
did not make me break out
that does not change my opinion of this product
so appreciate that it doesn't feel heavy on my face at all
i didn't think this would work for me
it doesn't make me break out either.
i wish i would've known about this primer sooner
it didn't create the type of canvas i wanted for my foundation
i can't beleive how soft
something i read in one of the reviews that i think makes a big difference is that i wait for my moisturizer to soak in a bit maybe 5-10 minutes then apply primer wait another 5 minutes until my face feels liked that absorbed
if you are on the fence try this product it is amazing
it didn't break me out
it doesn't come off as too siliconey
gotta fill in those fine lines
try again until i find something that i like
this is my go-to primer when i want my face to look flawless
at least it doesn't flake which makes it better if you want to stick with that line
doesn't break me out at all
i get told i look 25 all the time.
dont really need anti-aging
is the only one that does not make my skin break out
i definetly use it to give my make up an even surface
i knew if i didn't like it i could return it.
i cannot go a day without this!!
i don't regret it at all
you truly get what you pay for
there is nothing that is going to make lines just magically go away
does exactly what it says it will do
i also don't think the price is bad
i don't know why this one doesn't seem like a popular pick
it does exactly what it says.
i prefer this one
this product does exactly what says it does.
so you're telling me i get a product that can help with pores
yes, please, i'll take two!.
what more can you ask for?
that did absolutely nothing for my pores
this product does not bother me at all
you must try this product and see for yourself!
does exactly what it says.
i do not know the price of the full product
i wasn’t expecting a miracle… a lot of people think pores can actually shrink…guess what?
i actually tried this on a whim
i don't know exactly why this combo is able to master my skin
i don't like make up in the summer
this doesn't bother me a bit
i don't know about the other claims it makes
i really have no idea what primers are supposed to do
they tell me they are supposed to make your pores look smaller
just go out and get it!
if you like any algenist product
run don't walk to get this
don't get me wrong
if you need color correction then this isn't the primer for you or you'll need to add one
then applied this primer nothing else
if you're looking around for a new primer
don't expect it to take care of every imaginable problem
i like it so far
i don't think it does a lot to your skin as a whole
it does really work for my lines
it does smooth them so that they don't become too noticeable
they won't go away either
i think applying too much might have broken me out
sometimes i'm scared of trying new things bc of breaking out or my skin just not liking it
i cannot believe this product.
i read that many people swear by this for `lifting` everything up a bit
i know this is `lifting`
when it does this is the only thing i can trust
scared to use it at first because i break out easily if my skin doesn't like a product
another thing that i like about it
i usually never see any results from any serum because i don't really have any problems with my skin
the only thing i can say don't buy it from sephora
this is the first product that does what it says it does
honestly i would go without other things just to buy this product
please never stop making this!
i can tell it firms the skin
it doesn't cause me to break out which i love.
go get the 2 oz one, you won't regret!
they all tell you to wait
i am not sure if it is the combo of these products or what
it doesn't cause me to break out
only complaint/suggestion is i wish they would make the bottle clear so you could see how much you have left
anyways i hope this helps if you are on the fence about buying this product
recommend this to everyone of any age.
i didn't give it 5 stars because of the packaging
i went in to sephora desperate for anything to fix my skin as i feel i've tried literally thous
i said to myself i'm going to stick with this
you get what you pay for
however i just couldn't get that product to work for me
i honestly haven't found a line besides this one that provides me with such quick results without making my skin freak out
i rarely reorder anything
alone i wasn't getting the results i wanted
it makes mine water if i do
not sure if it was this serum or not.
i decided to return it and try something else.
believe me when i tell you that a little goes a long way
?if you don't then this is for you
since i am in my 20s i don't need to overdo it
you should really see a change
thia stuff really does lesson the lines around my lips
etc i have ever tried
i simply cannot afford that no matter how great i look
maybe if i win the lottery i can once again have fantastic pores
you get what you pay for
the latter is the only area where i don't feel like there's been a huge difference
(so i guess you save money that way at least?)
i find the product itself does exactly what it says it will
you can't put the excess back!
words cannot describe how great this stuff is.
i normally do not write any review.
you will see what i am talking about here.
has my skin appeared better i don't think so
i do love this line just wish i could find something that did the same thing without the cost
then i saw that you can use it around you eyes.
it does exactly what it claims.
try it, you won't regret it.
you do not need to use much at all
was so afraid it'd break me out- especially after reading all the reviews about folks breaking out in "white bumps"
it's important to take care of it
i can't wait to get this again along with the eye cream
you also really only need one good pump for your whole face
cannot imagine having to be without it
this serum does not break me out
they never did for me
this product works well because i don't have any peeling
something in this didn't agree with me
still, it did what it said it would.
t really doesn't last too long for me
not serious enough for me to stop using it
lets keep it real
this is not for those with "too late youve got 400 lines on your face" get real people
although i'm sure they don't recommend it
you definitely get what you pay for.
it doesn't take a whole lot to cover the face
you just have to try this to believe how well it works
this product does exactly what they say it does
will continue can't wait to watch it continue to work
there is just something about this sleeping facial that i cannot get over
you immediately feel a little tingle so you know it's working
i like it enough that i would still consider spending the 100 for it if i can not find anything else comparable
i think it is doing something for my skin
i can't think of a better word at the moment
it does what it says
you can always see the difference once u stop using it
i know that there are no miracles---
i do notice the small bumps on my face that others complain about
waiting to see if this will pass or not
i can't really be sure
definitely recommend you try it.
this one doesn't bother my sensitive skin at all
decided to give it a try
i would definitely recommend this product.
couldn't get rid of it
i can't get over thinking that trying
i ususally don't think these products work
cant wait to try it
if you don't get blemishes
they do not seem as deep
it didn't really do it for me
you don't need much--just a little bit will smooth over your entire face
when people find out my age the next question is what do i use
i simply refer them to sephora
guess if you don't like the smell of greek yogurt then you won't like this
i can't wait to go back to the store
i don't know if it will work for everyone
would recommend it for sure
i recommend it to everyone i meet!
i don't know what happened that i somehow forgot about a jar of this sitting in my bathroom cabinet
if there is even anything out there like it
my only other caveat is that i don't like the smell
some reviewers do not agree on this
i am usually the queen of trying something once then trying something else
it makes my skin look so amazing that i don't want to wash my face in the morning
doesn't break me out
no matter how it looked or felt when you went to bed
i don't even feel like i have any skin issues
you don't need to use much
it doesn't break me out either!!
i can't wait to try more of the korres line!
i will veer off if they don't fix the formulation
just like anything else from korres
never had anything like it.
you will look like you got enough sleep❤️
i don't know what it is
unsure of how long this lasts me
it doesn't clog them or cause me to break out
you really don't need a ton of product to cover your whole face
try to not talk or smile because i feel a tightening effect
i don't feel like i'm wearing anything.
i can't say enough good things about this product
everything i used did nothing for this problem until i went to sephora hoping for a miracle
it does not make me break out
i don't usually write reviews
it works best if you use it every night
it is so soft that sometimes i forget how bad it used to be
let the others know
you will see a difference
i don't use it everyday
i would advise being gentle with how much you apply
it does not get out of control
not letting this one go!
i like it though
for some reason i can't really tell the difference
nothing that should bother anyone at all
if i don't feel a change i will return or exchange them
everyone's skin is diff so sometimes it will work great for one person
which i had to learn because i will ask people what they use if i see they have great skin
you get use to it
this one did the trick
it doesn't take a lot of it
maybe i was expecting too much
hoping it doesn't break me out too bad
first of all this stuff doesn't break me out
i didn't find it bad at all
you don't need much
even if you use it every night
it doesn't bother me at all
let me say that i never write reviews for any products whether i love
the smell while not amazing does not bother me one bit
this product isn't going anywhere
you don't get much in the jar
don't get much for your money
oh- does not erase lines
also even when i don't apply anything
i did not see any desired results
you will have a tendency to want to use more
look the way this oil does
i decided to try this one
i can't even remember the last time my face looked like this
which didn't really do much for me.
i would give this product 10 stars if i could!
i can see this being the sort of oil that won't work for everyone
i highly recommend trying to get a sample of it first because it works quickly if it's going to work for you
it doesn't erradicate them
it does prevent them
i don't use it every night
i actually didn't put it in my bag right way because of the price
but something told me to splurge and i did!
i will never let myself run out of his life changing oil
when i do return to it
'm using it only on my t zone
i am not sure yet
first let me say i've never in my life used any oil on my face
so out of desperation i thought i would try this oil since i was told it does wonders for acne
that's just what it does
you won't regret it
if you try this once, you will love it!
you name it--nothing helped
i would put it back because i didn't need any
i didn't think much of it until my friend asked what foundation i was using for me not to look like a grease-ball as i usually do
rarely do i trouble with writing reviews
i believe this helps
this is a claim i never expect to come true
don't know why this would be.
when i do run out
let me say that it's take a long time to learn that if you're not born with flawless skin
obviously it didn't change my life
which i did really like
not add anything to it
i break out with almost everything skin are wise or i will get really irritated
this will do amazing things for your skin
just don't spill it like i did
i can't imagine i had lived so far without it.
now, i do not recognize my skin.
when i asked the sales associate if there was anything else she would recommend
i cannot say enough good things about this oil!
i didn't want anything too "oily"
i think i applied too much
you will not regret getting this oil
wasn't sure what to choose
i would give 10 stars if i could.
by that i mean
f you're not sure go to sephora
that is what i did to make sure that buying an oil for my face was actually the right decision
figured i'd give it a try
i would give more stars if i could.
so i decided to order this and give it a try.
he said "you look 25".
you only need a little bit
don't know the name
i decided i wanted to try it properly
the only thing i don't like about it is the price
i am happy that i don't need to use a lot to get the moisture i need
you can feel it firming the minute you apply it
i'll never use anything else
i can't say enough about this
not until shiseido did i experience a soft
i would never buy anything else.
you won't regret it!
i don't find it a deal breaker
for anyone who tried it
this product does that
which is why it may seem like it's expensive it really is not since it last forever
don't over do it.
i like this because it doesn't give me milia like most moisturizers do
i don't use anything else after trying many
i would say i'm neither stingy with it nor do i lather my whole body in it
i don't get it.
try it and you will reorder~
i think this is it
this product didn't make me break out at all
you do not need a lot of this product
if you are fair
photoplasma was exactly what i needed
its perfect under makeup with spf protection too so you cant go wrong
you will see a difference.
nothing like this stuff.
the product also does not cause me to breakout.
i just couldn't force myself to wear it
decided to give this one a try
take it from someobe with a sensitive face that breaks out everytime i try something new or heavy
if you are too
i cannot even imagine the disaster it would do for even normal or combo skin types
nobody can ever guess my age
this product does the trick
give it a try, you will be happy you did!
can not say enough about the awesome change in the quality of my skin
it is everything i could ask for
can't speak highly enough.
which doesn't happen with ffm
i breakout over anything
to the extent that i don't feel comfortable putting it on my face
i normally don't write reviews
as long as i don't use too much
it certainly doesn't hurt
i don't like to use makeup with spf because i don't need it at night
you definitely don't want to over do it with this product
because if you do
if you aren't ready to splurge on the larger jar
not bad, not bad at all...
i can put it on
i don't know what he means
although it does not give any color to the skin
alittle does go a long way.
i am not sure if its suppose to do anything other than protect
don't go too crazy with it
seems a little thick it does not feel that way when you apply it
don't need to use very much
you don't need to much of it
then again i don't mind that feeling
i don't want to have to blot my face every hour
thought i would give it a try
i would recommend this product to any if my friends
i can't imagine i'll ever use anything else
does give me what i would call a "glow"
since it didn't seem like it was doing the job anymore
if you take breaks
cuz if you use it twice a day you'll run out of it within two months
did the same thing
i recommend this for everyone.
this did not have me break out
in one week i had people saying what make up do you use?
i truly can't wait to get one.
wrinkles on forehead things i never seen before this oil took away a few years in merely hours i can only imagine if i continue to use my skin could go back ten years i can't wait to get i don't care for price a little goes along way for this product excellent
won't stop using this
before they put anything on me they used some of this stuff
i cannot recommend it enough
i swear on my life, they faded so so so much.
of course, this is no miracle or anything.
i even have a travel size bottle because i don't like to go a night without using it
out a 5 star review simply because there's always something that can be said against it
you can never start age prevention too early i guess
i don't often write reviews
one drop it's enough every time
what else is new?
i think you have to use it everyday to notice a difference
see how valuable i think it's worth when i run out
t doesn't sit on top of my skin
that is reason i want to write this review
i cant say enough good stuff.
buy this, you deserve it!
redness that i was afraid would never go away
a little does go a long way
i like it so far
can't tell if that was from the serum or from the change of season
i can say for a fact
i can't say enough good things about it.
i do not have any fine lines or crow's feet
all i could think was
"why would the lady give this to me
a student about to start college who doesn't have a job anymore
with this product i know i can get there.
i didn't think my skin needed to / could look younger
i don't want to be to harsh on this product because my skin was breaking out while i used it
i don't mind paying for a product that does what it says it's gonna do
i don't know about long term effects yet
does everything it says it will do.
i don't think that i can be without this product!
decided to give it a try
i know it doesn't claim to clear acne
can't wait to see what it does the more i use it
i don't see myself stopping until my needs change
i never go without.
didn't make me breakout
i wasn't expecting anything special
i wanted to try one
let me tell you guys that my skin has never felt this way before
now i barely have it anymore
it not doing anything
you don't even need a full dropper for your whole face
i normally don't give review
i cannot resist for this one
it is not that bad
it does what it should
it says you'll see results in 7 days
when i do its because i either love or hate the product
do not want to upset my skin more
can't live without it.
you know you will pay for good quality
occasionally i try something else
i don't think i will ever give it up
ask for a sample but i'm sure you will give in!
i wasn't expecting anything
does everything that the bottle promises
i can't say enough good things about it
'm not sure how this works on aging skin
i find myself not even wanting to put on foundation sometimes because my skin looks so good
i would definitely recommend this product
i can feel light
i can totally tell it's already worked after just one use
i wasn't to sure about this product right away
i could feel it working right away.
i couldn't tell much of a difference in my crepiness
i don't see any difference since i don't have any under eye problem yet
could not find any
if this is the instant effect i cant wait to see them in a few weeks
didn't think of using it on my face
you need very little
every time i wear it people ask me "oh my god your skin looks amazing you're glowing what makes your skin look like that?
the fragrance does not bother me because i know that it is not artifical
you'll either love it or hate it
i think it helps to only use a little instead of a lot
a little is all you need
which i personally don't mind
you either love it or hate it.
it does go away with in 30 min or so
which i didn't need
i can't get enough!
will try just about anything once
sometimes that can backfire
i wanted to try something different
you don't waste any product
even when i don't have much to complain about
i didn't even know it
i will appreciate tata harper`s products much more if they have no farnesol
when i actually talk myself into using this one
i can always count on this mask to do it's best
i need something to relax my face
said let me try it
see what it can do for me
i would recommend this mask for sure!
can't say enough good things about this mask.
see if i get results
i also like the fact that you don't have to leave it on for a long time
i cannot say enough great things about this product
i used tata harper's resurfacing mask yesterday thinking that it certainly couldn't make my skin any worse
healthy that i didn't even bother with foundation today
if you're on the fence about this product
i don't need another add-in product
honestly can't pinpoint exactly what it's doing
does not believe it came from a jar
i didn't use exactly as directed: i leave it on overnight
it is absolutely amazing it worse it did not make my skin red
i don't know if it actually has smoothed my skin
if you don't believe me go ahead to a sephora near you
what do you have to lose?
do not use a lot of this
not expecting much because i feel like masks
whatnot never really work for me
i just wish it wasn't so expensive because i'd buy it every time i ran out
every time i think about it i'm going to be sad that it's not in my budget range right now
but was i wrong.
want to warn people not to use it becuase it affected me negatively
if you can afford it get it for real.
did not give me the glow
didn't see any "glow"
try a sample and you'll see what i mean!
i can hardly wait
didn't think much of it as my skin looked about the same
give this one a try it's clearly does what it says
this doesn't irritate it
you will see it almost instantly
i can't wait to use it again!
after you wash it off you can already tell a difference in your skin
it doesn't irritate me one buy or cause break outs if anyone is wondering
why not keep it on longer lol.
a lot of themare hype accept this mask
the only thing it doesn't do for me is minimize pores
you can feel it tighten on your face.
this is not a drill, you guys.
to be totally honest i feel like most of them don't do anything at all
i don't know how it works
decided to give it a go
not sure what else this can be).
i swear there is just something about this that just makes me want to put this on my face almost everyday
that's the only negative i can think of.
it does wonders even w a small amount
i desperately needed to do a mask
you can't expect much more
i can't even believe it.
on those days when you really need that extra oomph
a little does go a long way
if your not sensitive like me, it's worth a try.
this did not irritate me at all
if you're wanting soft
this mask is all you need
it truly does what it claims
can't wait to apply my foundation
decided to give it a try
i know it was because of this mask
i cannot believe how luxurious
as if you would be able to peel it off
i know it says put it on thick
decided to give it a try
i felt it did was it promised
i consider it me time!
it didn't take as well
i don't think i can sleep in it
i can't wait to try the rest of the line
can't say how it would work for those with skin issues
i want nothing to do with that
i didn't have to use much either.
i can already tell you it's going to get bought again when i run out
not sure how or why
you get what you pay for
does exactly what it claims
i can't really put my finger on what it does exactly
you might want to try something else
if you want your pores gone then this is the one
this does not irritate it in the least
this does not irritate at all
try it- you will love it.
if you try it once you'll be hooked.
i don't like things that are too hard on my face
which people tend to either love or hate
it did not break me out
i cant say enough about this product
will never use anything else again
you will not be disappointed.
can't use any other cleansers anymore because of how great
that's the only way i can describe it
have to unscrew it every time i want to use it
what i do is after i use it
so you have to be dilligent
i found that i couldn't use it every day.
i can definetly can see what kind of softness what other review talking about
if u are in doubt, get it!
i've never used a cleanser that gave me instant results like this one does
i do wish it was a little cheaper
you may not need a second cleanse
don't try it, just don't.
because you're going to love it
if you like it of course
i cannot believe how quickly i noticed a difference
i think the people who don't like it did not read the directions to put it on a dry face
hopefully they will leave me just as happy as this one did
i can feel the difference on my face when i don't use it
felt compelled to write one for this product
did not find it strong
i don't get irritation or anything
it does make my skin look more even
i know i shouldn't touch my face
it's for sure going to be one of those things i make sure i always have an extra of in case i run out
so i need something that will actually work!
doesn't linger so you really don't need to worry
now it's the first thing i want to do when i get home at night because this product just makes my skin feel so good
more of like a morning or second cleanse kind of deal which is exactly what i wanted
how far it goes even if you can afford it
don't usually love the results they bring
i did it anyway
so this is not the reason why i like it
did not love it
let me tell you it is the best
it does not leav your skin feeling dry if anything it feels refreshing
i don't think i will buy it at full price because it's pretty expensive for what you get
it actually does leave my
i almost couldn't believe it when i looked in the mirror
i couldn't believe how smooth
if i don't love it
i swear you can feel it working.
if you anybody wants to try just get a sample.
this is the only one you'll ever need or want
what more can you ask for?
have no idea what i'm allergic to
started 3 times to make sure it couldn't be anything else
i wanted to give it a try
if you use as directed you can really feel the enxymes doing their work
always intending to get it again
i just never did
i cannot believe i went so long without it
'll stick to tata just a little longer
it does go a longer way
if you're like me
i really notice when i don't use it
i did get used to it
now i don't even notice
not bad at all
i couldn't believe the way my skin looks
don't need anything else during the day
if you can get past the smell
though i guess most of them come from people used to the disgusting
made such a difference that my esthetician wanted to know what i had done differently
you can actually feel it
i don't write reviews about anything
if you are not using this product then you are not taking care of your skin
this line has everything i want to give me a clean
even though i do like the products
i do like this product
then this is not the line for you
it did not make me break out
this serum is honestly the best thing to ever happen to me
by that i mean
can tell what works
if you don't like your face products scented you probably won't like this
if you've tried aveda or eufora products
too early to tell if it's helping my skin
see what happens then
i usually don't leave a review
i just wanted to recommend this
this shouldn't bother you
i find myself reaching for this whenever i'm stressed or if my eyes just feel tired
the reason i am giving this 4/5 stars is because i can't always tell a difference in the puffiness in my eyes
i look for anyway to help keep me awake
gistthis such a nice product that you can use anytime
don't go into your purchase expecting to get miracle results for dark circles
i don't normally write reviews
i didn't really find it got rid of any "darkness"
i don't know if this is from this product or from getting better sleep or a combination
i will say it does feel good
this is one of the go-to products that i can't imagine not having
can not compare it to anything else
i do notice the difference when i put it on
works great if you apply it right
i dont know what happens if you stop using it
i dont plan on finding out
i can't believe it took me so long to find such a great gel
i tried what others did
i still can't believe how well it works.
it does work in fact
works really well, i would recommend.
i can't wait to finish the jar
doesn't affect make up
i wish it did something for spots
when i don't use it i see a difference in my skin tone
you will see results right away!
whether you use it with a clarisonic or your fingers
it does what it says it does.
i can tell my face is brighten after i used it
this has cleared my skin right up i can't go without using it or i get it back lol
can't tell you how wonderful this stuff is i will use it forever
if you don't use an effective moisturizer afterward then yes
you won't have a problem
that is what is failing you
this may not work for you
don't know if doing so would get the same results
know it's gonna last me a long time
murad never fails to amaze me with there products
i cant feel anything within minutes
begin to itch if i don't use something
so that doesn't help either
you won't be sorry you tried it!
it is great for me in the summer when i don't want to look oily
wasn't sure what to do
my face is not happy if i skip an application.
for now i didn't get any irritation of this product
except it does not help with fine lines
i'd say it's a big yes , try this one out .......
that really let you try the product
am not sure if it is this product or not
t could be any of them really
even though i don't like to admit it
i've never tried an algenist product i didn't like
because if i do it causes me to break out
it actually hurt from not getting enough sleep
thought it might make me break out
it did not make me break out
the info on the box says you can use it that way
i don't like the way that feels
i can't wait to try them.
can't be without this!
remember that you only need to use a few drops
i took it upon myself to try every one i could get my h
s on to see what the fuss was all about
the algenist oil does not break me out
this oil can literally fix anything.
i dont get pimples much anymore
it is so light you can't even tell it is there.
it does the trick for me
it did not get worse though
asked my why my face looks so much better
which seemed crazy to me like it would make my acne worse
i will say a little goes a long way.
so let me set the stage here.
"what is going on?"
give it a try, you won't be sorry.
it really does make my skin look
it did not make me break out
can't say how well it works to diminish those
i can't really say anything as to its "anti-aging" benefits
i can honestly say that each morning i wake up having used this i can totally see a difference
one time won't hurt
we all pick even when we know we shouldn't
asked the saleperson "what's the one thing i should buy that will make all the difference in my skin?"
not sure about that
figured i really didn't need this also
yet i like them all
you only need a drop or too.
i definitely can't afford it
thought i would give it a try
an oil didn't seem like the intuitively right treatment
she had no idea i was doing anything new
what i like about this is that it really does make my skin look better
would never have tried this if i didn't get a free sample in the store because let's face it
i couldn't figure out how to get rid of it
no matter what i did
it is so amazing i can't go without it ever again
it is definitely light enough to wear during day if you wanted
this did not cause any break outs
i do not wear foundation
because i do tend to have a really oily t zone
if you're worried that you already have oily skin so maybe this isn't he product for you
i can tell a huge difference
i asked an employee to help me out with this problem
let me tell you
while he made the "i have no idea what you're doing to me" face
they suggest me to try the oil
i cannot answer about those as i am only 26
not sure if i would spend 79 bucks on a bottle of this stuff
can honestly say that it has made a huge difference
the "marionette" lines around my mouth are at least 50% reduced-give this line a try-you won't be sorry
can't live without it.
the dropper lets you control how much to use
i can't imagine taking it out of my skin care routine
i still can't believe my eyes.
i do not have any serious issues with my skin
when you are a very oily person like myself extra oil is not anything that you want from a product
i feel personally that this is one of the few that really did the job
this is the only one that doesn't make my skin breakout
this doesn't break me out at all
which wasn't what i was expecting out of this
nowhere does estée lauder advertise that.
please read what a product claims to do instead of leaving negative reviews on something that it does not claim to help
i guess i'll wait until i finish the whole bottle
so far not crazy about this product
not too disappointed either
this did not make me more oily
tried all clinique stuff which didn't do anything
does not bother my sensitive skin
i cannot say enough good things about this serum!
this formula does not make me break out
people do not believe my age when i tell them
it's hard to find products that will not break me out
i can stick with these because they actually do work
ladies do yourself a favor and try it out.
look amazing if i forget it one night my skin lots dull definitely a must try
cant live without it.
not sure if it's worth the $100
i find the biggest thing it does for me is erase dark spots
which isn't exactly what i got it for
the name doesn't lie, it truly does repair.
i can't wait to see what long term results will be
i intend to do so again
i always go back to estée lauder
you can really use it night
this does the trick.
not only can i not live without this serum
i can see a difference when i don't use this product
my face does not look as good
be useless if not
i don't normally write reviews
it hardly does a thing if you use it alone
if you use it as it says
i don't write reviews that often
figured my appearance couldn't get any worse these days
it's one of those rare products that really does what it claims to do
nothing else i try comes close to this
it goes away almost immediately so that's neither here nor there for me
it's in my cart now because i would love to see how this does long-term
she told me i wouldn't notice a difference right away
if you asked me to go to work without make-up
if i don't want to be bothered with my whole face routine
i normally don't write reviews
i can't imagine not using it.
you don't need a lot
if you are like me
i do wish it wasn't so expensive
i know everyone's skin is different
so if this happens, don't give up.
i would say that this product is really good
i can't recommend it enough!
i read a review here where someone used it
decided to give it a try
i didnt know if this was for me the first day i used it
i wouldnt hesitate to purchase it again
why not start an insurance policy for your skin the moment you can
don't hesitate, buy the $92 bottle.
now can't sleep without it
ask me what i use on my skin b/c it is smooth
when i run out or forget to use anr i can always tell the difference :-/
have already purchased my full bottle to make sure that i don't miss a night
i wasn't sure what to do to get my skin under control
if i could give 10 stars i would.
this product does not need another review
asked what i was doing differently
good things to say about it
that convinced me enough to try this out.
now i never see any
i don't know exactly what it's doing
i don't feel like it doesn't works anymore
before i used this serum i wouldn't have dared to go outside without some sort of foundation
let me start by saying that i have some really messed up skin
can't live without it!
if you don't add anything after
since i dont want it to get discontinnued
i decide to write my experience
i decided to give it a little help
not sure, but am having a bad reaction.
i would definately recommend using this product.
its excellent to use if you don't want to resort to botox
i can always tell the difference when i forget to put this product on under my foundation
i think i may try something different next
you found it right here
this one does it immediatley
you know how you end up w
ering away because you're hoping something even better is out there?
i can really see a difference in my fine lines
well worth it if you your skin needs a little help
i can't believe how well it works!
you can tell the difference
you do not realize how good something is sometimes until you dont have it anymore or you try somthing else
you notice how nice this product is
you cannot go wrong with this
you cannot just use one part
didn't uses it at first be issue i didn't have wrinkles
then i decided to try it
it does what it says it does
wat not didn't help my pores like this did
this product did not break me out
again i go back to estee lauder for my skin care needs
i decided that i had nothing to lose except more money
it does what it claims to do
i don't think it helped with pores though
i don't know if you get your money's worth.
questioning if it could really do what it claims
if you're one of the many people out there like myself who don't have invisible pores
i will never stop using this!
i wasn't really sure if it was doing much else
i can't afford it
i can't afford not to
my sensitive skin gets upset if i run out or try to substitute something cheaper
i practically lose sleep over the thought that this stuff could ever go out of production
said to myself lets go back to the basics
i can't believe i didn't think about or know about this sooner
you won't regret it at all
what i do not necessarily like about it is that it's rich enough to not allow my skin to absorb it quickly
i do not feel the same
i would recommend you try it if you want a moisturizer that makes your skin feel soft
i advise you to go to a sephora store
it did not cause me to break out more
just go out without worrying about spf
it'll last you forever
thats true of any moistuizer i use
you can't stop looking at it.
this is definitely not for you
i know, it says "oil free", well, maybe.
sometimes you have diffrent needs in your face
you can't use just one product
does not break me out
not over doing it
i should also mention that because i apply quite a bit of this it does feel heavy
give this one a try- it's worth it.
it does exactly what it says
( i do apply spf going home though).
i don't feel the need to apply a primer before my foundation with this
unless i'm doing a huge makeup to do
i don't find i need to use a ton of it
now i know why
i also love that i don't need a ton of product to cover my face
even when i don't get enough sleep
you don't even need much to apply
maybe if i drink this stuff i can slow down the whole process
because it seems to do wonders on my face
i would give it 5 stars
i can't believe it!!
i dont see much of the difference yet.
it does the trick after clensing
you cannot go wrong with this product
but i don't look and don't feel in this age.
i can't get enough of this product.
you will never use it all lol
listen this product gives me so much life no other cleanser can compare
you don't have to use much product
didn't expect to love it as much as i do
i will recommend to everyone!
what i love about it is that you don't notice it.
could definitely see that not using it wasn't a wise choice
is this really doing anything?
if you are a skincare junkie who knows about the limits of what skin care can do
you can't go a day without
i don't know how someone can give negative feedback to this one
you just have to be sure that you let the serum soak in really good
you will feel less bags every time you use it
i would highly recommend this to anyone that i know
you can use this am
didn't know this until i read the instructions that came with the product
so we'll see how it helps with that in time.
but i do recommend!
does what it states it does
they just didn't seem to work until i found this
i can truly see a difference when i am using this one
learned that if you use to much you can actually do harm
can't say if it helps with that
i put the creme on any line that i see or worry about seeing
it does do the job
i don't usually write reviews
i didn't really have high hopes because eye creams never seem to make much a of difference for me
it doesn't do anything for dark circles
started to use something else
it does make a difference
i am only 22 years old let me say that right at the beginning
i do not yet have aging eyes
i do think that this helps me look a bit younger than i am
i tried so many others because i would really prefer something cruelty free
please never stop making this product lol!!
im hoping to use a similar item without that smell
if you're not sure if you should choose between the foam
thought what the heck
or you won't be happy with the results
this is my way to fix it
force myself to like it to get my money's worth
i mean really careful
no matter what i do
easy fast 3 minute face mask for anyone in a hurry you will love this:
will never use anything else.
i can not put my finger on what it is
you know its good
this usually happens when i find something i absolutely love
other things i've tried in its place just don't compare
you don't need much
living in denver does not help
or it simply wouldn't do anything
doesn't break me out
if you are unsure if this oil will work for you
didn't give it much thought until i started reading reviews
decided to give it a try
it's not really the best for that honestly
i can feel the difference immediately
didn't think about it for a while
definitely recommend this to everyone.
if your curious to try it
your skin will thank you for it
i didn't want to buy the original because i have combo/oily skin
t might be a combo of this
i didn't see the need to try the 100% light version
i don't use it everyday
it does everything that i need it to do
it didn't do much for that
i really do like it.
'm not actually sure that either of these are truly pure
does not make me look oily
i don't know what my skin would do with out this combo
it does break me out if i use it everyday on my face
how ever after buying this product twice the top always seems to break idk why
i can't wait to try the new reserve
also money back guaranteed if your not satisfied with your product
'll have to wait how it goes in the summer
this product does not irritate it at all
doesn't break me out at all
i love this product it is light enough to use anytime
i don't put on makeup without this anymore
i did not think i'd fall this much in love with this product
it didn't make my makeup slide off either like i expected it to since it's an oil
i can't imagine life without it
i can't say enough good things about it.
i can't live without this now!
i can't live without this.
just a few drops do the trick
it lasts long because you don't need much
i can't say anything
i decided to give this a go
this does not break me out
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
this does not make me breakout nor make my skin any oiler
you will thank yourself for this investment
i only need 1 or 2 drops
doesn't break me out
it does work but i would put it on at night only.
would normally never dare to put an oil on my face
you can literally use it for anything!
you only need like 3 or 4 drops for your whole face
plus you know exactly what you're putting on your skin
this doesn't make me break out more
you would think it would make u look super oily
if ur going for a matte look u might not like it
can't wait to try more josie maran products!
needed something for when i travelled
not sure i could live without them!!
you don't have to use much
you will not believe the results
it doesn't break me out or make the oil any worse
you will not be disappointed.
i always recommend it to everyone
is the one step i don't skip ever
don't have any leftover before doing my morning routine as i want to avoid the oil messing with my make up
let me tell you
five stars doesn't do this product justice.
that's all you need
it feels like i'm back there when i use this
i would definitely recommend this product!
no breakouts due to this that i can tell
that's normal these days if you care about saving your skin right?
this product doesn't make it worse
i wanted to let everyone know that this moisturizer is great
does anyone else find it strange that this company consistently spells the word aging wrong?
now i can't imagine not!
that you barely know it's there
if i skip a day of using this i find i break out
i don't think i will switch to another one
doesn't make me breakout
when i use this i couldn't believe that i finally found a product that don't bother my face
i really think this is the one underneath it all
ever stop doing so
i wouldn't be without it!
i don't think i will ever go back to my previous micellar water
i don't feel the need to try others
will never stop using this wonder water.
but, i do plan to reorder.
they did not have it
however if i use it anywhere else on my face without washing thoroughly afterwards i break out like crazy
for those of you who do
i don't think it has anything to do with this cleansing water
i promise you'll fall for it too
it never ceases to amaze me what gets left behind
i don't usually use it by itself because it feels like cheating
maybe my skin isn't getting the care it needs
i will use it alone if i'm not feeling well or am too tired to do my whole routine
sometimes at the end of the day i'll use this to feel clean when i don't want to start my whole routine
i cannot recommend enough.
i can honestly say i will never go back to just washing my face
i can't seem to switch after using caudalie
this does it all
highly recommend if you haven't tried it yet!
i even did it twice to make sure
if you put on a color you don't like
you can make a little go a long way
it did absolutely nothing
love that this stuff really does take off makeup.
it doesn't come with a pump at all
now, i will never go without it.
i want to try the
people actually stop me
ask me what i'm wearing
though it doesn't make a world of difference
not that any of them do
its really does make your skin feel soft however i dont think it completely takes off all the makeup
it may be a bother
i definitely do not need soap
they just make me break out
it did the same thing
this product does not affect my eyes
you'll buy the bigger one when you try this.
i just use this
i can't seem to find make up removers like this at the drug store anymore
this one did not disappoint
it does not strip my face
forever for that anyway.
i will say i can't wait to wash it off at the end
it's gotten to the point where i think i'm gonna have to save
you could definitely leave it on for a little bit
you probably won't like it
highly recommend this product if you can afford it
i still really can't see why this mask is so expensive
rather then wasting money on multiple treatments that don't work this is something that truly does everything it claims to do
i just ordered my second jar today as i can't imagine my skin routine without it
worth the many pennies if you're looking to treat your tired
i decided to try it out
hey sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
a little does go a long way
this one really does!
i know you're supposed to use it as a mask
t will last forever
i couldn't ask for anything better.
it really just doesn't get any better than this for a face mask
the longer you leave it on your face
i can definitely tell the difference in the way my makeup applies
i would absolutely recommend this mask for anyone who wants their skin to look fresh
ask me what i've been using on my face
i can tell you that after i use this
waiting to see how i feel
along with everyone else's skin
if that's the case for you
since i know all the good the product does
really wanted to try this
in any season it seems to never get better with whatever i do
i can't go a day without using this on my face
i carry the travel size with me wherever i go in case i need a refresher
this is a great lotion, don't get me wrong!
i can't use it anymore
the bottle also lasts along time as you don't need to use much of this product
it has no scent which i enjoy because i can only imagine how much it would suck if i didn't like the smell
it does sit on the skin
something i don't mind
if you do not like the
it does what it has to do
dont let those reviews stop you from trying this product out
just because it didn't work for someone doesn't mean it won't work for you too
didn't cause me to break out
try it, you won't regret it.
i've gone through about 6 bottles of this i love it so much i refuse to try any other
i notice a difference when i don't use it
if you're like me do not get this product
all u need is 1-2 pumps of this product to cover your whole face
it didn't even make me look really greasy.
i don't see a difference
i figured i probably should
when i tried it out it didn't do much for me
you dont need much either.
i don't think i will ever get rid of this one
they do not compare
i can always tell the difference when i go back
decided to give the lotion+ a try
this lotion did not cause me to do so
if you're like me
does not make you oily at all either
recommend it for anyone
i give it 5 stars because
this does the job
i always go back to this one
so while in store an employee told me that it would be amazing if i layered over this because it's know as the "moisture gps"
never found anything that worked like i'd wanted
you don't need to use much
none of them do enough for my skin
i refuse to use anything else
i always come back to it
i will never use anything else again.
my face is not dry anymore after i decide to buy this item
it has never let me down
i fail every time
told me to try it
my make up looks horrible unless i use this
would never use anything else
7 oz tube because i was not sure how much i would like it
you get a lot for $14
i am not saying it will do the same for someone else
anyway, i would still give it a try.
what do you have to lose?
doesn't break me out at all
sephora only let's one put a review of 5 stars or they delete them
that's the first time that i write a review cause the result pushed me to do it
this product did wonders for me
see if that makes a difference
i don't wear foundation or cover up, nothing!
it's definitely worth the money for what it does!
so believe me when i tell you that this one works wonders
i can tell a difference when i use it
don't have anything to compare it to
it did what it said it would
i honestly didn't think it could work this well!
you can tell the difference as soon as you put this eye cream on
it doesn't make me break out
not sure anything will help my dark circles
this product does all that
f you're trying to steer away from that then i don't recommend this product for you
i do however recommend you to go into your nearest sephora location
ask for something similar
it didn't help at all
'm not sure how it will effect those
so far i don't think it is causing any milia.
the only reason i did not give it a 5 is that it does not work very well with my face primer by korres
which i really need
probably most people won't need to do that
which i think is what's making the difference in my skin
didn't notice anything different with the new one
it did the trick
it would always break me out
i love how light this cream is but does the job!
i didn't have it long enough to really test its promises
it didn't break me out
gives you the spf you need
i don't think i will ever use another product
doesn't make me break out
i do like it a lot.
it does nothing for me anymore
i would recommend this to anyone!
i wanted something to minimize my pores because that was all i really had to complain about
they weren't clogged or anything
i don't mind it at all
i am not yet sure if it does what it claims
does not break out my skin.
i wasn't able to find something that a
wouldn't break me out b
after reading what the product treated i couldn't wait to try it
was skeptical whether this moisturizer would do anything for me since its so lightweight
not sure how it will hold up to the canadian winters
i keep coming back no matter what
i dont have any problems with my skin
i will never use anything else again!!
i seriously cannot say enough positive things about this product
i don't feel the need to reapply
it's light enough that you don't feel it on your skin
it does the job
not sure if it's a coincidence or not
you can feel the magic happening
i would recommend this to anyone who struggles with breakouts
i cannot believe how i have gone all this time without this moisturizer
i recommend this to everyone!!
you don't need to apply a lot
im not sure why other people say there were "glitters"
i did not breakout
i can even see the huge difference it makes
i don't know how it works
i don't question it
i didn't think this would be good for my skin
i don't know how, but it just works.
so don't feel obligated to purchase the whole line just to get good results
maybe a little hеavier than i wanted
i didn't like how the bottle looked at all
i didn't expect this moisturizer to do anything special
it does exactly what it says on the bottle!
f you rush--like i always do--you still can layer quickly
not worry about it
s down recommend this for anybody with combination skin
i do not regret it one bit
i love that i can even use it at night
in the past i really couldn't do that or in the morning whatever i used on my face would leave me with new breakouts
all i can say is that it works for me
i generally do not like that
and i did this one !
f your not into that this might not be for you
it does what it is supposed to do with very little to start
doesn't break me out or make my face irritated
i could really feel the difference in my skin
just play around with it until you find what amount works for you
let it sink in before you apply your make up
i would definitely recommend to anyone that has problem skin
i find that once you stop using it
lets start with things that i like about it
i dont have much open pores
even tho i do get break outs once in a while
ibuki is something i just kind of tried on a whim
it doesn't bother me at all
i love the amount of product you get for your money with this
i don't know what it is
how little of it you have to use
i don't think i will be buying a different lotion any time soon
i didn't suffer any breakouts when i tried this for the first time
it doesn't give you "perfect" face
this one doesn't at all
you do not need much of it to begin with
i don't think i'll ever go back
i can't get over how much i love this product.
you can see instant changes
wasn't sure if i'd like it
you only need a little.
i can't believe how great this product is
i guess i can't have it all
i would totally recommend this.
i don't see much difference in my skin as i use them now
it doesn't stay long
i almost dread putting it on because they do not make my face feel nice at all
they definitely burn when you use them
when i forget to use them for a week i start to see a difference
you won't be sorry
if this product didn't work so well
i wouldn't recommend it
although awful for you never fails to clear my skin
i've never seen anything like it in my life
you need this in your life
the list of what these awesome pads do
i didn't need to think about
or worry about it not working
i won't dare go back to using anything else l
a "purge" if you will
won't ever let them go
i would say it's a must have
nothing keeps them clear like these do
the ptr pads broke me out soooo bad which i knew would happen
just want something that is going to make it all go away get these pads
wanted something to use afterward to ensure i didn't miss anything
my skin can take a beating so they're great for me
stuff you have on your face
i cannot go a day without these.
it stings when you apply it but won't hurt you.
the answer is yes.
you'll see the results
i mean it's worth it because it will work with your acne
i can't wait to try their other products also
your skin will thank you for it.
now i'm just not sure
i does hurt when you apply it in the beginning
i've just purchased my second round of these bad boys because i'm afraid i can't live without them now
i definitely would not categorize my skin as sensitive
i will admit it does have a little sting
nothing you can't manage if you want clear skin
let me tell you
the reason that i gave it 4 stars is that it does work
if you think your skin is bad enough where you would be willing to burn it every morning to keep it clear
if you keep using them
if you're gonna try this
i would let them sting all day if it meant no acne
i can never tell the difference).
it certainly didn't burn
t might just be this bad for me
let them know what you use
don't be afraid to challenge questions
though you shouldn't have to that's the best way to get the results you desire
i guess in this case the burn means it's working
where nothing else would
if these pads didn't work it'd be a different story
if you've tried everything, try this.
would think if you do
i can't imagine not using these
your face will itch like crazy when you put them on --
they do sting just like everyone else says.
if you're thinking about trying this to combat acne
you get used to it
anything else you can think of to get it under control
asking me if i changed my make up or something
they are probably being nice because they can't say "hey
where did your big zits go
am glad it doesn't cause any irritation for me
though it does burn like they say
it did not prevent them for me
it does sting after you apply
it won't work right away
you'll eventually see the difference on your skin
honestly i cant give this five starts because of the itching
don't do anything for my acne
i hate the way they burn
if i could change one thing about the product
they don't smell so bad right our of the package
i don't even get regular pimples anymore.
i truly cannot live without these pads.
these do not bother me at all
i cannot say enough about these pads!!
i'll wait to see if this will work on my body before deciding if i need another product or not
'm trying to hold out
i feel like these do a better job than the peels do
tried just about everything
the results you see
did know what to try anymore
sounds like they don't work for everyone
i'll never go without them!
i owe it to these miracle pads
it lets you know that the product is working
just about when you think you're done
i've never used anything like it
they really do work
they do kind of burn a little
you get over it
not sure if this is because i do every other day or if its the product
they really do work
you dont need alot of product it foams up fast
this product does exactly what it says it will do
overall it might be worth the money if you can tolerate how much it stings
they really really work
i will cry if they ever stop making these wonder pads
i'll edit/add another review when i've really seen a change… or if i haven't
just want to try it
i don't need a full pad
i don't put it everywhere
anything is worth a little pain if it works
you'll be happy you did
if you want to find an organic line to help make your face literally squeaky clean this is the one to do the job
decided i need to try to find a good cleanser that won't cause me to break out
because i don't have to worry about removing anything from my face or having it flake onto anything
i think that people just dont know how to use this product
obviously anything will wipe off your face if you go to bed
definitely try to do once a week
can't say how effective it is when used that way
one thing that you should keep it mind that it isn't for the morning purpose if you are not wiping it out
excellent, can't say enough about it : )
i definitely recommend this mask.
if i skip using this for too long
it does what it is meant to do very well
if you take excellent care of your skin now
try it - you'll love it!
leave one because it's a little than what i try in store
but what i got doesn't have it.
i start to notice my skin getting irritated if i don't use this product consistently
i try to forget about it
nah, you can't expect everything is perfect.
i happen to enjoy them
it's true what everyone else says about it
i don't even know what to say, it worked so well.
i am lazy, so i don't want the work.
let me just tell you, it totally worth it.
this is like a facial you give to yourself at home
i decided to try it
i'd prefer it has flip top cap so that i don't need to use both h
not so much i don't love the product
what more could i ask for???
i don't find it offensive
i don't always do every single step that eve lom recommends
which makes me wonder if the ingredients in the cleanser are really worth what they're charging
i usually hesitate to use the term "holy grail" with a product because even if i am in love it usually fades
i don't think that will be the case with this cleanser
i am not tempted because i just don’t feel the same depth of cleanse or the sort of
i decided to try it anyway
the smell was sooooo bad that i was going to return this no matter what
i cannot stop using it ever since seeing what it does to my skin
i can give up on my nose for few minutes because i love what it does to my skin so much
only use it when i want to give myself a special treatment
i also do not use it every night.
i don't use it everyday
when i do i always feel like i've just had a facial
so once i read about this cleanser i had to try it
i did not want to like this cleanser as much as i do because it is pricey
i don't need to use toner anymore.
i really cannot recommend this product enough.
just do it less there
won't be without it !
it makes you take your time
figuring that if it didn't work out
too bad i didn't try this sooner
because nothing does for skin what eve lom cleansing does
you want to make sure you've gotten every bit off
because it's a little pricey i try other cleansers to see if they will make me skin as clear as this will
so needless to say i was buying all the wrong skin care products
i'd give it 6 stars if i could.
one just doesn't do
i still can't tempt myself back to my clarasonic or luna
it's not that there is anything wrong with the free purity or bm or algenist or ptr facewash i already have
there's no way they're not going to purchase it
it is true what the insert says
i never though a cleanser could do what eve lom does
i don't ever spend this much on cleanser so this was a stretch for me
i never used to care
this doesn't mean i don't begrudge the price tag when i need a new pot
if you can swing it
this didn't let me down
if you try to use is likea regular cleanser you are setting yourself up for dissapointment
not dry that i hodenstly cant think of using something else
when first using the cleanser i would suggest starting with just a small amount until you determine how much you require for your face because you really don't need very much for it to just melt into your skin
i didn't break out in the slightest
so probably just a matter of "no one product is right for everyone"
i cannot tell you how many expensive
i must say that it's the only thing that's ever made my skin feel so nice
i really don't know how else to describe it other than to say this is the only face product i have used where i do see a difference in the overall appearance of my face
does not irritate at all
i can't take it!!
don't normally write reviews on something that i used only once
if you want a relaxing
i did not know the cleaner was going to have like beads in it
i seriously feel as if i could go without moisturizer
you know what i mean
my skin also started to have the occasional breakout-not something you expect in my 40s
i cannot say enough great things about this.
i like to do about 20 minutes
i can't find it easy to get anywhere except sephora website
when my skin does want to act up
that does not mean i feel this product is drying at all
it does what it says
i like it though
if you can get past the smell
you cannot move your mouth
can truly see the difference when i use it
i can't say enough about how great my skin feels after using this
i don't want to even put on my moisturizer that is how great my skin feels
it doesn't make me break out
that's not how i want my face to feel in the morning
i don't wear make-up so someone who does may have more of an issue with this as a cleanser
since you're just supposed to use it in the morning that shouldn't be a problem
which if u have dry skin u know that never happens
if you are someone who wants to spend less than a minute on cleansing your face
this is not for you
i can't recommend it enough
then this is for you
i think you get what you pay for
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
this cleanser is pretty darn good if you ask me.
i don't mind it
i actually like it
although it would make sense to get that eye makeup off before you do this
or you are going to look like a raccoon
i rub it in just a bit before i do anything else
i do find it unpleasant
let me tell you i am satisfied with its results
it works so well that i don't even care anymore
it does everything you would expect from a morning cleanser
you will see something is really happening on your face
t does not have an effect on my routine
i don't know why more people haven't rated this product
it's not foaming like others have said
i can't wait to try every item in this line.
buy everything else they recommend
it isn't in the us
i don't usually write reviews
that never happens anymore
people are always asking what i do to make my skin glow
i really can't recommend it enough!
which now i don't have to do thanks to this amazing product
i think my skin is more even
i don't think so.
i wanted to try something new out
i really want something to work
can't speak for others
if you don't see results
i tried this just because
not only does my skin look
i don't wake up with as much oil on my face anymore
you know the drill
you do need time to adjust
if you stop using it
not that i care so much
day cream i want to get them all
i hope you get a working pump with your first try
i am going to have to choose one
enough that i can see
don't want to look like a "old lady" anytime soon
i know that i may not be able to look young forever
this is the reason i wanted to give it a try.
i can't use it every night
the more i want to use
i wanted something that would give me my glow back
i usually don't write reviews
i don't have many lines
you know the drill
you do need time to adjust
if you stop using it
i can barely see it if i look really hard where it was
know you're not going to get a lot of sleep
make sure you put this on
i never write reviews on anything
i can certainly tell the difference in my makeup application
can't say i have really noticed
i happened to see this on sephora
decided to give it a try
you do need to commit to this product
it''s doing virtually everything my la mer once did
i could tell a small difference
i don't usually write reviews
not having a clue what to do about fine lines
one said 'what's going on with you skin?
it kind of goes without saying that i highly recommend
or you'll counter all the good you did
do not toss this when you think it's met it's end
i don't think it does miracles for dark circles
while i don't expect any miracles
i know crepey isn't a word but it should be!
you only go around once
you should be careful using it if you're spending time in the sun
degrade the ingredients--i don't know why anyone uses products that come in jars
was thinking maybe trying something new
when i wake up i cannot believe my eyes
you got to try this combination.
have to keep using this combination if i dont want fine lines
ok i'm not sure what is working because i'm using this plus algenist firming
i can tell you this or this combo has done amazing things
so decided to try to live without it
i like trying different things
i do like it so far i do feel like it depuffs my eyes in the morning
i think what people need to realize is no product is going to completely take away under eye bags
you can feel it doing it's job
you'll start to see great results
you just never know.
the slight 'tingling' doesn't really bother me
does it break me out?
also, you don't need much per use.
however, you really do get used to it.
something every woman of any age should try.
you will definitely see results.
you'll see the difference
a little does go a long
it does take some time
still shock people when i tell them
i want something that isn't too oily
it does everything i want
nothing that i don't want
you don't need another cream on top
i would give it 10 stars if i could!!!
i usually wear it alone
i think spf is the best thing you can do for your skin in terms of preventing aging
price is not too bad considering you do not need to use too much
maybe it does or doesn't provide the spd protection because it has light
i notice that if i use too much or don't let it set
it doesn't feel weird or make me break out or whatever
this doesn't bother my eyes
i never use them
the reason i tried this eye cream is because i wanted to take it on vacation
i can't say enough of this product, but try it.
i can't say enough good things about it
i don't know how else to describe it
so not really sure it'll be an issue for most folks
let me tell you it should be much more hyped
it does what is promises to do.
i do agree the cream does not apply smoothly however
it does not go on super smooth
i would recommend this to my friends if they ask me about it
i don't know if i can justify it for this product
because it did work well for me
i highly suggest you speak with a lancome rep if this is your first time buying
thought i would need tone one because i am so fair
to give you an idea of how bad it was
this product is just so great i cannot live without it anymore
if you stick to it, you'll really see results!
now i actually do prefer the dreamtone
i think this happens when people try to over do it
i really can not believe the bad reviews on this product because it truly does work
said"why do you have make up on?
i don't think i've ever was
never thought i would get rid of them
i got this as a free sample so that tells you how much of the product i actually got to use
you can imagine my surprise
'll be thinking it over
if you can afford it - this definitely works.
i can't wait until i can afford the full size!
i will use it forever
i can honestly say that this works
if you're skeptical about it please try a sample.
i don't use it all over my face
just the spots i know need it
i did not have any problems using it with any moisturizer
will let you know how it goes
i would really like to know what the light/medium/dark means
i don't even need a moisturizer when i use this because it gets that job done
i think i will look for something else
you would think it would work miracles
so don't waste your money
it doesn't have that much color in it
everyone says only i see it
they went away- it is too early to know how much change i will see
why not?i got the "fair."
i can definitely see a difference
i loved how i don't have to worry about losing my cap or this product leaking if i travel with it
when i am done all i need to do is just twist the head
i guess what i'm trying to say is don't let this great cream pass you by just because you're scared of breaking out
i guarantee it'll work
if you've got the money for it you should also check out the dr
try it if you can
i cannot cover with make up
imagine what it could do the whole bottle
i never wear foundation anymore
i am not sure why people complain they wasted their money buying something
i dont have to anymore
i can't wait to see how my skin looks after a month of using this product
i decided to get a sample just in case it doesn't work out for me
i can totally tell the difference
i don't use it all over my face
i can't wait to see what longer
when i apply it in the morning i don't even want to put my make-up on
the representative told me not to focus on what each tone does
they all do the same thing
i can honestly say
i can honestly say that my imperfections
really didn't do much
it doesn't really linger on either.
this cream is bar none the best i can honestly say that i've ever tried
not sure how it can even get a low mark because it's truly a game changer
give this one a try & won't be sorry.
nothing truly did what it claimed to do for aging skin
you don't use the whole thing right away
the only reason i don't use it once in awhile
obviously you get what you pay for
i can't imagine life without it
i can really see a difference in my skin
so give it a try
we all know sephora's return policy is amazing.
so you really have nothing to lose.
if you're ok with that
which did worry me since i have combo skin
if i resist messing with them
this cream does not seem to cause them
it really does help the breakouts
i certainly need one
i do like the results
feel the difference if i dare put another non-murad product on my face
just not for me
i couldn't find anything that worked to clear
you don't need to use a lot
it just didn't work well enough
i think the people who don't like it simply have skin that doesn't need this cleanser yet
does what it says :)
did not love any of them
t should last awhile too
it does exactly what it says on the packaging.
will not go back to anything else
otherwise, i would recommend murad.
i need just a little bit of product to do the job
can't speak to how well it takes that off
this does the trick
which is why i gave it a try
you don't need a lot
does not make you break out.
this product won't take off all your make up
use the resurgence trio and you won't regret it!
i cant live without this product.super recommend
i can devinitely tell the difference.
i can really tell a difference now that i'm using it again
thought i wanted to try something less expensive
you don't need to use a lot for it to do its job
i know that efolikate did wonders for my chin
thought i'd give this one a try
know that it really does cleanse
i will never go back to what i used before
decided to try something new
i need all the help i can get
i will never use anything else!
then this is not for you
i don't think i could live without this cleanser
i always come back because there is just nothing better
i always wonder what made me stray
it won't happen again
then whatever i used to try
you get a lot of product for your $$
usually i find something
if you cant afford it to start than get the cleansing cream
get one they are a god send
can honestly say it does what is says it does
i am not sure what is in this stuff
i don't know what is in this stuff
you gotta try this
it really does what it says it will do
i don't know what i would do without this stuff.
i don't generally use it as they say to
didn't get it because i wanted another reward i knew i had to buy it
i cannot say enough good things about this face mask
this product does wonders for any skin type
i don't have oily skin therefore i can't make any promises there
there is nothing i can say is bad about this product
i did not break out
you will feel like you are at a spa.
run to get this product asap
i promise that you will not be disappointed!
this mask did my skin wonders to the point where i used every last bit of product
i didn't realize the mask alone was worth this much
i don't know what they put in them-
so- i tried it.
when i first tried it it did nothing.
need to said: i'm not a freak of the skin care because at this time i never suffering of any imperfection
after use this mask i desist of do something so harsh to my face because look great
not sure it did anything though.
this really works if you use it once every day.
didn't realize how much i would enjoy it
depending on how much you want to unclog everything
it's difficult sometimes to find one that one break me out
i really don't have any complaints about this mask except for the price
i know picking is bad
if you're not sure about buying this product
you won't regret it.
this doesn't irritate me at all
guess you could say my skin is sensitive
it's worth the money if you have irritated
i just can't see myself paying $45 for the full size
i honestly can't go back to any other mask after using this
i would give it a try
figured i'd give it a try
while i don't break out all that often
i can't recommend this product enough.
it doesn't look like i put a dent in it
i don't think i would pay the 45 for it again lol
it doesn't break me out
i did not think this would work.
didn't expect much from this product
'm thinking about putting in the fridge for next use
it says you can use it overnight if you want
can't imagine anyone doing that
this is really nice if you put it in the refrigerator before applying
it's still awesome even if you just leave it in your bathroom like i've been doing recently
does exactly as it says in description!
not really do anything
you don't need a lot
my skin doesn't love trying new things as much as i do so my skin will either have an allergic reaction or get really irritated with bumps
i would definitely recommend this product!
don't expect this mask to work miracles on its own
i used something else a few times
don't do any good against my big pores
it didn't take very long for me to fall in love with it either
i don't like using it around my eyes
you can see what a difference it makes
you get use to it
because this is not true
don't tell me i'm getting a deal from your store when i'm not
(i hope this never happens though!!)
to give you an idea
you only need a little bit
no matter how much i'm wearing
you get your money's worth
no matter what season this is my go to.
i don't know if i notice it that much
it also did not break me out or upset my sensitive skin
it doesn't do miracles
i can't live without this oil.
i do not see a difference with that
it does linger if you use it alone
if you are careful there is no waste.
you will want this product
i couldn't decide which eye cream to try next
a de-puffing roller has made such a difference i am not even sure i need one
wish it didn't cost so much
you don't use much either
i don't write reviews often
i don't think i can ever do without the dilo oil.
i can't think of using any other oil.
can't say enough good things about this oil!
i also feel like that's causing me to use more than i should
when asked i was never quite sure how to describe my skin
i can't say enough good things about this oil!
decided to give it a try
i really hope they never stop making it
really does the trick
it's hard to control how much you squeeze out.
i'll give it a good 8 weeks before i decide
nothing can compare to this product.
it didn't make me more greasy or anything of that sort
i wanted to try a face oil
which is all you need
didn't find myself using it much
this did not break me out at all
i would definitely recommend it.
i don't usually write reviews
i can tell a difference already
i don't want to use my h
because i don't want oil running off my h
you only need like 1-2 drops
i do like this oil
this oil really gives results you can see.
if you're anything like me
y even if i don't use it every day
it's a one-stop, do-all product.
i do still use that philosophy face wash for my own peace of mind
i can tell this is the best cream i've ever used.
i can always count on this cream to fix it
do yourself a favour and give this a try!
this doesn't break me out
it does not make me look greasy
it does not break me out at all
does everything i could ask for
think that alone says a lot
let me tell you
honestly a tube of this doesn't break the bank
i usually never write reviews
i can't say enough great things about this product
needed something that won't irritate my skin
decided to give it a try
i didn't think it was possible
have to say my skin doesn't show it
i am not sure if this caused it
try to give it nothing extra that might irritate it
because things usually don't wow me
i do hope they update the packaging
i didn't expect it to be this good
i can't recommend it enough.
i can't take a star off for that though because the actual product
definitely give this a try
a little goes a long way so be careful not to over-do it
this does not upset it
hope you guys can improve it.
if that's what it is
something i never thought would be possible for me
let alone one that doesn't make me feel greasy
i don't mind it
i don't know why they would include such a bizarre
it did not leave my face shiny
i do not want waste time to write a review
if you're not sure about the splurge
you will not be disappointed!
so figured i should leave a review
can't even imagine how long this big tube will last me when i eventually cave
you don't need a lot of this stuff
s before you apply the product you're trying to get out
i personally think it's not a problem
i love it if you can't tell.
if you can afford it
don't let the word cream intimidate you.
not just when you first apply it
i can safely say that i love it!
not sure why they don't mark it as anti aging because its better than anything i have ever used
i cant even take a star away from it
i don't notice any smell like the others commenters said
t has to be doing something right
if a product does not agree with me
definitely pick it up as a 100pt reward while you still can
i didn't see any better results
i don't have lines or wrinkles so maybe that's why
im running out so i need to get more soon.
however, i seem to keep coming back to this guy.
i can honestly say that my skin has never been so smooth
i can't say enough good things about the dr
though you really don't need much
it's as if you don't know how irritated your skin is until you smooth this on
i don't know what it is about the ceramidin line
it doesn't break me out
oil you can think of
i didn't want to be rude
this one really worth to try
but this stuff...it's just as good if not better!
i definitely notice a difference if i don't apply it before my moisturizer
i figured this was a safe bet
yet enough to use on it's own if you're having an "oily week
if that's not your thing
if you suffer from anything this will help your skin
i don't believe this product can st
the price isn't too expensive either so you really can't go wrong with this one
never ever dry anymore
don't hesitate to purchase this product
it does not cause me any breakouts for me
all they ever did was dry me out
can't live without them!
i wasn't sure if this would be too much hydration or not
can take this with me
let me tell you
asked me all sorts of questions
she didn't think i needed the cream
it was exactly what my skin needed.
you will not regret it.
this product did not do much for me under my eyes
every time i try something else i come
i can't find anything else that even comes close.
what it does for my skin
i didn't want to spend time to heal myself if i broke out again
didn't realize how dependent i'd become on this stuff until i ran out
i know folks have been calling this a serum
or add it to your moistuizer
i cant wait to just use it alone in the summer when i want that dewy look
doesn't necessarily mean it is better
i can honestly say that the combination of the dr
i really can't recommend this enough.
i will never go without it!
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
you don't need a lot to use for your face
it doesn't compare to this one
i dont think im ever gonna try anything else
you do notice a difference
if you think about it
it did not break me out so it's a ++++.
this seems to do the trick.
because it doesn't need it
i am a sucker i'll try anything once
always hoping that something will actually work wonders
i can tell a difference when i don't use it.
i sometimes use it alone if i'm in a hurry
they really do wonders
i can't even count how many serums i have tried.
honestly i have nothing to complain about it
i gave it a four because i don't think i would die without it
this product does what it states.
i decided to give it a try
it does not seem to really make a difference w/ any of my night creams
lets just say this product doesn't "wow" me.
i don't mind it at all because it works so well
i don't mind that
i usually don't write reviews
does the job better than a $200 serumtotally inexpensive for what you get
hg doesn't even begin to describe it.
i can hardly believe it.
this is not for you
personally for me it isn't anything special.
i like that you get a lot of it for your money.
i tried doing that with this
i can't say enough about this product.
this one did indeed
it didn't seem to be enough
they're supposed to work together
i don't know what took me so long to buy this
that's exactly how this product is not
i also love this product because you only need a little bit
does not feel heavy orgreaser
get this i did my research
i can tolerate it because it's the best
when people find out how old i really am which is only when they ask for my id
they say wow no way what's your secret?
decided to try something else when it was gone
you get what you pay for.
i don't wear any foundation
are that you can't tell when you are running out until you have run out because you can't see inside the jar
after you do that it doesn't dispense correctly
i would advise someone to try this cream
i didn't baby time to get some more
they don't seem to bother my skin
i recently tried something else that did not have those ingredients
i knew i couldn't go without it
no matter what moisturizers i tried nothing seemed to help
was surprised to discover it does not react with my skin
believe me i have tried them all
i would break out a lot
i really can only speak to 1 aspect of what the product is supposed to do
one that you get used to
i can honestly say it works
if that makes any sense
i don't think it wouldn't work well on younger skin
or what i would imagine botox to be
it does the trick for me right now
it was just not doing it for me
you can tell the difference in my skin!
i also don't know what everyone is talking about when they say the smell is strong??
not a look or feel im going for
decided to give this a try
will not change anytime soon
feel like it did in my early 20s
i don't know if it is a positive or a negative
what it doesn't like
i give it 4 stars because of that.
i don't have any issues
almost anything makes me break out
i usually don't even bother trying new things because my skin is so so picky
this does not irritate it at all
because it is the only line that does not give me bad skin reactions
my skin will either like it or break out immediately
it does not make me break out
although i gotta say it does dry me out a little bit
i don't know how to describe it.
anyway, i definitely recommend it .
because it does not remove my
this face wash makes me want to want my face over
i won't use anything else!
anything else that they offer with this line
though it does work
any time i try something new i always come back to this one
chose this product for that reason as i don't want to expose my child or myself to harmful chemicals
it still does the job
you only need a little bit to get the job done
the bottle will seriously last you forever
it does't really bother me
i decided to try it
if i had dry skin i don't know if i would use it
i every so often try something new
i always go back to this
miracles really do happen
my pores have shrunk too which i honestly didn't think was a thing before this product
maybe try the kit first and see how it works.
the caveat is to use only a tiny amount so you don't waste it as a tiny bit does go far
i even notice the difference now when i don't use it to cleanse my face
it didn't do much else for me
i want the entire ibuki line now
made me wonder what it was doing to my skin
you do not need to use very much of this product
i tried it because it is supposed to be gentle
i don't know how
i don't know why
i decided to give it a try
you don't need a lot because it spreads out easily
won't let you disappointed
i do feel like using it all the time will probably make your face dry
when i use it with my clarisonic it's even better
it's not just genetics or me either
i don't know how it will do in the long-run with anti-aging
you can't go wrong with shiseido, period.
i can feel that the oil
they gave me a sample of this because i couldn't decide what face wash to get
this tube will last you forever.
didn't get the same results
wow does it make a difference
i get more compliments on my skin than anything else
be careful it will burn if u get it in your eyes
think i'll stick with this instead
i recommend this to everyone!
i don't have them anymore
it doesn't sit on top of your face
it doesn't break me out
you don't have to use much product for one wash
so i have tried everything!!
this does it all.
if u have tried everything
i recommend this to everyone i know.
so happy with the ibuki line please keep it around forever
dont change a thing about it please please please
just i don't like the after feel of my skin
", and let me tell you, it works.
i wouldn't say severe
then definitely give this a go
doesn't break me out
which i didn't think was possible
you don't need a lot of it for it to me effective
don't know how this will affect foundation
i would say that the only con is that you can apply too much
good for sensitive skin when you think you'd tend to break out
i also didn't feel like there was product on my face like some moisturizers do
i seldom write reviews for anything
you won't regret it.
i wanted to wait a while
i don't think there will be anything better for me
once you put it on you won't smell it
i would definitely recommend this product for anyone with sensitive skin
but this one, i do want to share!!
if you can see what i'm saying here
you know some products just make you feel your skin is covered by something
definitely give it a try!
i also think there is just the slightest pearlescence
don't get me wrong
which is why i don't think it's worth the price for how much product you get
it basically does 100% of what the description says it does
i cannot rave about the condition of my skin anymore than this
you don't need much
i will make sure that i never run out ever again
i imagine if you use it as directed
i really should just buy like 3 at once
dont have re-order
i do tend to switch
it does what it promises to do.
i've noticed that when i stop using this my skin doesn't look as clear
i let it absorb before make up application
which isn't hard if you go pick out your outfit or pack your bag for the day
i love to switch things up often
yes if your over do it it can feel sticky
everything that shiseido claims ibuki does for your skin is true
i can absolutely attest that ibuki does not cause acne
i think you get what you pay for
does anyone read the packaging?
i wouldn't be bothering to write a review if i didn't have an extreme opinion of the product
which this product does claim to do
perfect if you want to use this underneath your make up
which i don't really use
t doesn't break easily
do not need any anti-aging yet
especially if you're like me
i definitely think you'll get your $ worth
didn't change anything else in my routine
i couldn't believe it!
i can't wait to see how they will continue to improve my skin
if you don't put a lot it does not feel heavy
i never really thought they did anything
other products with this it's nice to have everything you need in one product
you really won't regret it.
felt too thick or like it didn't do anything at all
i just can't say enough good about this little miracle i discovered
t's more bang for your buck than you may think
i can't say more positive things about this product
did not like it
can't wait to try more from this line
because it doesn't take very much
the reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because i found that my skin started to look dull
i do like it so far
will definitely continue to use it til it's out
i am always afraid to try new creams.
that was just not doing the trick for me
i almost cant use any skin care products because they all make me break out
it doesn't feel too heavy either
you might want something heavier
decided to give it a try
can say that i love them all
you think that it would make you greasy
i think it does help the appearance of skin over time
i don't know if his will be a long term deal
give it a try if your on the fence it's a lot better than others i've tried
just make sure that you let it dry before applying foundation
you don't need a lot at all
couldn't wait for it to come back in stock
you really do not need to use much so the jar will last a while
i really don't think ill ever want to try anything else after using this for a month
some of my fine lines i cannot notice anymore
i don't it because of the results
i can see why others may not like
thought i'd give this a try
you need a little bit
try it- you will not be let down!
it does exactly what it says it will do
thought i'd try it anyway
if it wasn't for the ridiculous jar- i agree with everyone else who says the packaging is absurd-
i don't see skin like that anymore in the mirror.
could not believe it.
if you are a sagger like me, try this.
i don't mind it
now, does this work?
do i look like i had a face lift?
i don't think it is necessary in my twenties
would definitely use it every day if i could
i won't be buying anymore anytime soon
i can honestly say that i have found my go to cream
i would definitely recommend this product!!
guess you could say i’m going back to that baby face i used to have or thought i had
if it doesn't bother u then it's a wonderful cream
something i didn't think i needed
decided to give it a try anyways
it doesn't require much
this is something i never knew i needed
now i don't think i can live without it
can't wait to see how my skin looks after a few more applications
even though i do like this
"how do you do it"?
why don't you have any wrinkles around your eyes"?
i think i need to try a different one
a little does go a long way
this one did something!
i will take what i can get
i just need to get used to the feel of this or i may want to consider something on top of this cream
then don't look like it in the mirror
i do love how it is not irritating
takes care of every single need someone has
the price tag don't even be afraid of because it is well worth it this jar has lasted me almost 5 mos
not only do you have to use very little
which means i get more bang for my buck
you don't need to put too much
masts a long time because you don't need much.
you know you've found your holy grail product when you no longer check the reviews for other br
although it doesn't last
i do feel it's the best i've ever used
cannot live without it anymore....
i can't ever see myself straying
someone had told me i may need surgery to remove.
just didn't seem to do anything for me
which does the trick
unfortuately ...it doesn't look likely.
i do think i will go back to the shiseido wrinkle resist 24hr
i can totally tell the difference
we all want ours money worth
however don't be fool by the look
can't comment on how the cream works on those
i didn't do it
with this product i can see that it's not needed
did not like it at first
i think i may be allergic to something in this
even though i don't actually get it in my eyes
hope you will love it as much as i do!
gonna get the full sized one because i don't want to live without this stuff
it does not bother my sensitive skin
heck i'll say it- i think i really do look younger
i am not one to easily say that either.
amazed so far* i do not regret the price tag even one penny as of right now
love how it's 1 product that does it all!
it did not break out my super-sensitive
i didn't realize how much of a difference it had made until i went a month without it
i don't believe that there is a universal product that works for everyone
you will tell the difference by what you paid
it obviously can't make you younger
i can honesty say this one is the right one for me
i wont go back after using this
you will not regret it!
can hardly wait to see the results.
it does what it says
unfortunately i wont be purchasing because i wont pay 60$ every 2 weeks
for anyone that thinks if you have oily skin you can not use oil
this product is probably not for you
you can't even tell
don't use too much
i find it to go a long way
would guess that only about 50-60% of it has l
only if i actually get to use it all
i think it helps seal them in
this $50 oil is not going to make me break out
this one does not disappoint.
gives me a glow i didn't have before
does all it says
are really expensive or don't do much
this did not break me out at all
don't have any fine lines
cant say if it works for that
it does not make me produce more oil
i cant see any difference in my skin
can't recommend it enough!
it is really important that i take care if my skin
"they wont break you out!"
my skin did not agree with it.
i would not recommend it
it didn't happen when i was using this
because i don't know if that would be a good conductor
i wouldn't want to be without it!
i don't know why this product is getting such a bad rap
when i don't use my nuface i definitely start to sag more
don't use them at the same time
you don't need very much of the product at all.
i don't know what caused it
gotta have more of this product!!
though not much since i don't have any wrinkles or anything yet
if you don't like that sensation
then you should probably get sth else =
i don't usually write reviews
was afraid i wouldn't be able to find anything that fits my skin again
i tend to break out really easily
i decided to give this a try
it just doesn't go far enough
i wanted to fade those
that doesn't bother me
dare i say this is my new hg eye cream?
'm not sure why other reviews didn't think it was
i didn't expect to to anyway
my algenist eye cream just isn't doing it for me anymore
you gotta do 2 pumps, or do it twice.
but i didn't mind it.
i get almost like
don't look at that as a bad thing because once you apply your moisturizer of choice your face will feel so good
do not expect that this product alone will do the job
it won't be my last
(i never go without anyway.)
i can't say that the difference between this
it does what it's supposed to
granted i don't apply a lot usually
something else i can't put my finger on
i don't mind it
this one doesn't leave much of anything behind
f you want something very foamy you might not like this
i did not get any breakouts while using this.
then i'm not certain that you're going to be satisfied with this
although it does wonders to my skin
this really does everything it claims to do!
it's a bit expensive for what you get because i'm not so sure it will last a long time
unfortunately my chin did not agree with the rest of my face
i will say that i do like it overall!
so you know i do like it
i apply it to my face then i use the clarisonic.
didn't cause any breakout
this does not dry out my face whatsoever
i find that if i use it every day that it breaks me out
i can't quite tell if this product is marketed wrong or what?
nice texture for someone wanting to try out something close to an oil
decided to try this with my point perk
i can forgive it
it does not have a lot of lather
all kidding aside this is the best face wash i have ever used
if you don't you will lose lashes which isn't pretty
it doesn't take much of the product to do the job
if you don't care then it isn't necessary
i would probably get a full size only if it doesn't smell like this
plus, it doesn't break me out.
this does the job
don't really expect it to get rid of all my makeup
i hardly break out anymore
this cleanser does so much more than i thought it would
i can see why some might not like the smell
felt it would make me break out somehow or leave a film
dont know if it works for that
i don't use it on my eyes
i could see why people might not like it
i do not see a need to even try another
it doesn't break me out at all
i love how it doesn't get into my eyes like the oil one
this did not break me out or irritate my skin.
does what it is meant to do
i don't like the way it feels on my face through the night
i can't use it every night because i am afraid it will clog my pores
i don't this product gets enough love.
t will last you a long time
this product does not irritate it
i can't bring myself to purchase the full size because i'm just weird like that
i won't purchase something over $25 until wayyyy later until i realize it's been months that i'm still obsessing over a product i don't have
i wouldn't be able to sleep with it unless i put on a think layer
this didn't make me break out
i can also tell my skin looks better.
it definitely did not disappoint!
wasn't expecting anything special when i tried the sample
'd stay away if fragrance is an issue
a little does go a long way.
if you're still doubting after this long post
i know it's pricey but your skin will thank you!
this product does not break me out
it does not make me break out
i dont use it every night
when i do i always see a difference
i don't often write reviews because i feel everyone will have different experiences
i tolerate it because of how i look in the morning
this night mask does what it says it does
it does not cause my face to break out in any way
the fact that you don't need to wash it off is a plus in my books
i love it and would recommend it to anyone!
i can see why it might turn some people off
it doesn't bother me that much
thought i would throw this out there
this is one product i can't live without.
did it make a difference
i would say give it a try!
makes me look like i slept 8+ hours which i usually don't get anymore with a new baby
yet: i refuse to give up my retin-a
i would definitely recommend this product
i would strongly recommend everyone to try this!
i gotta say it works
you really can't go wrong with this mask
nothing else can satisfy it
would definitely only use this at night or when you don't have to put make-up on
i would say it takes about 10 mins or so
i love that you don't really have to think to much about this mask
can't wait to see how this stuff works for my skin in the "winter"
so far i like it
i agree it feels odd to leave it on
i did not go to sleep with it on
does not make me break out, which is nice.
definitely something to try if you have dry skin!
you really only have to use a small amount of the product to get what you need out of it
it doesn't make my young
this mask is literally the only product i have ever used that never fails me
i love the fact that i can put it on
this mask did not irritate it at all
you don't need much, a little goes a long way.
all the comments that say it makes your skin dewey
'm not sure if i'm getting red from the mask or if it's just my normal
i might try a week without it to see if there's a difference
it truly does all that claims to do
i wouldn't be without it.
i can't live without this product
i don't think this did much for my face
wouldn't you know it
i still am not sure if my fine lines are less noticeable or it's just something i want to believe in my mind since i paid that much for it
i am going to keep it
if i don't find another supplement i may have to spend a bit extra to get what i want
i do don't mind that at all i kind of like it
also ot does fade away
which is what i wanted
just wouldn't recommend it for daytime use
i does have a fragrance but it doesn't bother me.
i recommend this to everyone
she doesn't like it when i use her things
amazing product you gotta try it once
it does not disappoint!
did not sit on top of my skin
can feel heavy if you use too much
i can definitely tell the difference when i skip this step in my routine now
and this doesn't break me out.
it actually does what it says it will do!
be like "who is this hmmm??"
i wonder what i was doing without this
if you are thinking about trying this
i don't think i will ever go back to anything else
at first you think it's not going to soak in
or you think it might leave you greasy
you can not tell at all anymore that i have dry skin
doesn't break me out
what surprised me is that it doesn't cause my makeup to break down
i just can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
my advice is to always get someone in your age range to help you at sephora
not feel like someone may be commenting on my appearance
that's when you know you like a product
that i know by the end of this jar
to me it did exactly what it promised
haven't had anymore issues
not have people ask me if i'm sick all day
maybe if you're on the fence you could ask for a sample as well
there's only so much that can be done about them
this does do something about the dark circles--it's drastically reduced them
you don't have to use a ton of it
knew nothing would eliminate them
this did much better
i always look tired even if i get enough sleep.
i figured id try it
not to mention it has a cool feeling when you put it on
definitely recommend if you have hard to manage circles
i dont usually right reviews
if it works for me
realize that if i can't lighten them i have to learn to work with them
this product does not irritate me at all
no need to convince me i'm hooked
was hooked on the ginzing it doesn't even compare now
normally i would say no it's not smart to blow my money like that
never used anything like this.
never get enough sleep it seems
i knew it would take awhile to notice the results
i actually don't even need that much concealer anymore
i would imagine that this product will work even better for you
aside i love what this does to my skin
can absolutely see a difference when i don't useit
b/c i usually try to find something better
i didn't have any real wrinkles to say it helped that too
i do believe by using it before i got any wrinkles
i wish i could find the exact same thing for my eyes
it's not exactly the same
use something else over it
it is for me anyway
was worried it wouldn't work
i wish they would of realized that that is exactly what is supposed to happen when you use a retinol product
you won't regret it
it doesn't make me break out
i did a lot of research
i don't know how or why it works
does not make me brake out
i'll continue to buy this until i find something i like better
this does the job
can't live without this product anymore!
take a chance and try it.
i didn't give it a 5 star because there may be a product out there that's even better i just don't know about yet
last night she said to me that my forehead didn't have those lines in it anymore
'll be convinced to give it 5
really, i don't have any complaints.
it also doesn't bother me
i can't believe the results
i do wish it lasted longer
can't say anything about long term use
don't need to use a lot
t should last awhile
i can not speak to its effect on wrinkes
don't have those yet
i feel it is necessary to declare my love for this product
i will never go to anything else.
ps i would say my skin type is pretty normal
you don't need a lot just a little goes a long way
hope it does make a difference
i don't write many reviews
this did not bother me one bit
i know it's not for under the eyes
it does exactly what it says it will.
over time this cream does what it is promised
i know someone else you don't get a lot of use out of it
i don't think u need much
i wasn't expecting to see results that quick
if you don't like tight feeling on your skin you won't like this
don't know how it would work on someone older
this doesn't give me a rash
at first i didn't like this.
how wrong i was
if you're not getting the results you want
i could tell the difference in my skin.
i keep coming back to it because it does what it says
i don't know where to begin with all the things i like about this cream
i don't need very much of it.
i think you get your bang for your buck
if it does not work out for you
i decided to try it anyway because so many can't love it if it works so horribly
doesn't bother my over sensitive eyes
f you are sensitive to fragrance do not buy this
haven't found anything that i like better!
this is the only thing i've found that doesn't cause break outs
all i want is something that feels like dessert on my face
that's exactly how i feel using this cream
i still love it just as much as i did the first time i tried it
you won't be sorry.
it doesn't bother me at all
they don't hold a c
i've sometimes put it on after something else irritates my face
all i have to say is that it works wonders!
since you don't need a lot every time you use it
i figured i'd get my money's worth
i love it enough to continue using it
i will know for sure how well this works.
i recommend that you try it.
btw, i'm easily able to use it around my eyes.
i just cannot live without this product.
my laser doctor even wanted to know what i was using so she could buy some
i know they say not to put it around your eyes
this is my go-to
i wanted to really start taking care of my face
i very often will have a quick breakout if my face doesn't like a product
it really does make my face look
i cannot recommend this enough.
you do not need much
if feels good when you put it on
i did not expect to love this product at all
i would never go without this ever again.
i actually hoped i wouldn't love it so maybe i wouldn't feel bad to return it because i cringed at the register
but i can't do without it now!
no one ever believes me when i tell them my age.
thought id try this one too
what i love about their eye creams is they don't burn my eyes like many others do
i can see that they got great roi based on all of the reviews here
it makes it hard to use them
i don't know how this will work for other people
i don't even remember what it was though i used it for years
what can i say
what this did do for my skin: plumped skin
don't wear very much make up
with this moisturizer i don't have anything to cover up anymore
it just did not do all it promised for me
if you want an anti aging product for morning
what it does to my skin
decided to give genius cream a try
not sure if i'll do it again
i didn't have any expectations
i just thought i'd give it a try
you do not need a lot to get the nourishment!
thought i would give it a try
not sure what they are called
and did i mention a little goes a long way?
figured i'd give it a try
meaning you don't get many uses out of the bottle
i did see it in my skin
this is your best bet
i really can tell a difference in my skin after i use it
i don't know about its long term effects
i can't wait to try out more of their products
it doesn't make my face break out
i can tell a difference when using it
my only complaint is that it's hard to peel off if you don't put on enough
don't get in the way or anything
not only does it do what it says
not worry for a bit
didn't see much difference
if you want a mask that controls your oil
i love it because i feel like it does what it says it will do
i love this mask this is the only mask that doesn't make me break out even worse
i read the comments that people couldn't get it off easily
i do intend to try that
a few times a year it decides to go rogue
i would recommend just doing a small portion of your face
i think it takes longer to to dry than it says
when i use this mask i can tell a difference in my skin
also try not to get any of the product in your hair because it is not so fun to get out
or else it won't work well
if you're into that.
i do get a few blemishes every now
i didn't notice anything special about it
there is something you need to remember
i will say this mask is doing what it says it does
i actually can't decide which i like better
so you don't feel like you're pulling
you do have to use a lot otherwise it is really hard to pull off
you need to apply quite a bit so the bottle won't last long
i don't usually apply anything after this mask
i would not recommend this for anyone other than oily skin
you do have to apply a good amount first to make sure it's even
although i will admit that the gimmick of peeling it off of your face once it has set definitely makes the product
it does not come off in 'one' piece as you would hope
find it picky to get off either way
i don't actually use a mask in my routine now
i really have nothing bad to say about this except it is a little expensive for a face mask
but this one didn't!
i definitely would recommend trying it out
i don't see much of a difference
this mask did exactly what it said it was going to do
it isn't very easy to get off unless you put quite a bit on your face
i think the video peel is an impossible result to get
maybe i'm not using enough of the product
does everything it says it will.
please give it a try
i really don't have anything bad to say about this
you will know that it is
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
not only does it do what it says
i personally think this is worth a try!!
which i rarely do
it actually looked exactly like it does just after i apply "porefessional" which i love
i can't wait to see what happens with regular use
i did apply mine after using my clarisonic--i'm not sure if that makes a difference in results
it does get the job done
even if you let it sit longer
never switching back to anything else
i think i got this as a point perk once.
decided to try something else
i didn't breakout as much when i use to use this.
this stuff did it for me!
found i didn't want to even wear foundation at all
does not cause me to break out
i don't think my face has ever been so smooth.
you don't need much because it spreads really well
i didn't feel it was anything special though.
i actually do see a difference
i dont have a pizza face or anything
but maybe that's just me trying to save money.
can't live without it
i've literally tried every face wash you can think of
t's something i can look past i suppose
and they heal much faster if i do get any.
couldn't say much else happened or was noticed
the trick is to not use too much
i never want it to run out!
want to buy it again i just can't commit myself to the price :
not my whole face
box and i just can't stop using it.
this stuff is so gentle it doesn't leave me irritated at all
it's what i compare everything to because clinique has never upset my skin or made me break out
because you need this
i definitely think i'm going to keep using this cleanser once i run out
because that's how i use it now
i would definitely recommend it to people with problem skin
anywho i picked up a drugstore face cleanser which i don't want to name because i don't want to bash the company because from that same company i love certain things anyways my face starts getting red
i tried this and this actually really helps.
they did the disclaimer that it doesnot mattify
for years i could not find a face wash that did not irritate it
not a brag-it's all skin care products like this that have allowed me to do that
if you're not super strict with your face regime don't worry- i only remember to wash my face 5-6 days a week
i normally do not write reviews
i cannot believe how smooth
it's difficult to tell with a sample of this size whether or not it is a good product for my skin care routine
i will never go without it
cause a break out or anything
won't ever stop using it.
that's not hard to do
i don't really feel like it made a big difference
i dont need to apply moisterizer
i would recommend this
i didn't necessarily notice that my face stays matte longer during the day when i use this
i decided to give it a shot because my skin couldn't get any worse
i earned every one...but i don't love them.
hope this review helps someone else!
i don't know what went wrong there.
hoping it doesn't happen again!
it doesn't help the situation
i can't wait to see them completely gone
it's pretty shocking to see it did not work out for some people
an employee told me it shouldn't be used every night
this c must really took me by surprise not that i don't know that ptr are high quality product
feel that others don't deliver
the coolest thing is that when you apply your serum
moisturizer or any product that you want to actually work
which in my opionion allows them to work
i don't agree at all.
i can't say much for the brightening qualities of this because i forget a lot of times to put it on
don't use it everyday
did not even ask the price
when you wake up you will defenetly notice that your skin is more even
doesn't break me out, and it lasts forever.
i did not think it was that great
i wonder if they could make the exact formula
i can't comment on its ability to minimize fine lines because i don't have too many
the only thing i don't like is that it can feel heavy
i know it my be a bit pricey but press try
i don't think anything takes the wrinkles away
i would use it every night if i could afford it.
once dry you don't really notice
even those who don't care about skin care
have asked if i was doing something different with my skin bc it looks great
someone was telling me they use a vit.
so first let me tell you my life story for a second
even if i didn't pick at them
i don't know what compelled me to pick this up off the shelf one day at sephora
i couldn't believe my eyes.
and let me tell you this stuff is amazing!
idk if youre supposed to use it almost everyday
it does not break out my skin either
when i read the instructions i figure there was no way i was going to use a sleeping mask
i figured if nothing else i could use it as a mask
which unfortunately sephora doesn't carry
i don't know about the long-term effects yet
i like it so far
it does have a citrus type smell though that doesn't bother me at all
i wasn't expecting anything
if you press a bit harder you end up with a lot of product to use
love the sound of what the ingredients can do for my face
i can't see my 30 something wrinkles anymore
i didn't have any issues
decided to give it a try
i would definitely recommend giving this a try.
also, it does not break me out!
if anything it has helped clear my skin up!
thought i would give a try
let me give you an idea of what i've been dealing with
never actually got the full effect of what i wanted
couldn't solve my problem by any means
i do not review a lot of products
the only thing i'm not a fan of is the pump.
you are a true fool if you don't pick this product up
ptr never fails me.
if a guy noticed it must work.
do not fade quickly
to the point that you cannot see them through my makeup
you must use a good spf every day if you are trying to get rid of spots
there is no reason not to try this
they really bothered me
there's a reason why they are
i do really think it works well
but i don't think i can ever give it up.
i would say it totally worth it
however i just couldn't justify spending $80 on another one
we'll see if it lasts as long though!
i can not see myself ever deviating
it works so good, and trust me when i say it.
f you forget or stop you will look so tired
i don't know thats just how it worked with me
i don't know if i am just imagining because i want to see a difference
it is good because my skin does not accept too much
you don't need to apply a lot because it is a concentrated formula
see if it works for you too
you know there is good stuff in there
i guess you get what you pay for
a little pricey but you get what you pay for.
i didn't buy this expecting to fix my dark circles
even if it didn't work
otherwise i would give it 5 stars
this does the job
you really get your money's worth
this eye cream i can't believe that once i put in
definitely not instant though.
can get a little more bang for my buck
i dont know if this will work for people who already have wrinkly eyes
not using this to get rid of wrinkles cuz i dont have any
you need so little to get great results
i cannot say enough good things about it.
it doesn't take much product so will last forever
have never really found anything that helps get rid of them
i can't say it was because of this product
this is my 2nd jar so i shouldn't complain.
i don't think this reduces any fine lines
nothing you put on the skin really does that
i could not wait to order this product
when i can afford it
it did absolutely nothing for me
i can't even say that it moistuized
i really can't live without this one
this is something you will feel you need to use
if you can handle the price tag.
asked me what i did to my eyes after one month of use
people are asking him what he's using on his eyes
i did all my homework
i highly recommend you pull the trigger if you are interested
i went to get a jar and couldn't afford it.
cheap things just don't do anything right.
does not burn the eyes if it happens to get in them
i don't have to use it every day either.
if you are a bit older like me you will not be sorry
everything i did have is now gone
i don't want to give an expensive product so much credit
honestly this is so worth it
this stuff does the trick.
wanted to see if it really worked
doesn't bother my eyes
of course i did not get rid of my fine lines
no dark circles when i am tired or did not have enough sleep
i cannot substitute with anything else because nothing comes even close
i'll probably go for it when i run out
it doesn't really do anything for the dark circles
i don't believe anything ever will
it does seem to help diminish fine lines
i wouldn't want to feel anything more on my eyes
i need this too
i can't believe how quickly i've seen results
you need very little
first off i have to say i love that sephora allows you to sample everything they sell
what works for some might not work for you
i didn't feel that at all
i just still can't justify spending so much on an eye cream for myself
it's definitely making me want to purchase the full product
don't get me wrong though
i can't tell if it's 'preventing the signs of ageing' just yet
as i think this will take some time to tell
i can tell that it is a good eye cream
t makes sense that this should help
it did help smooth it all out for me
i know i will not see a major difference
i know this will help me overtime
dont give up if you dont see instant results
this one does not disappoint
when i don't use it, the compliments disappear.
don't even worry about it
that doesn't bother me
i only use it at night because i want to make sure it has plenty of time to just soak in without any make up or anything else bothering it
this stuff does not make my skin go crazy/have massive breakouts or anything
decided to give it a try
if it works for you then you save yourself the money of a dermatologist appointment
there's no way unless you use too much
i don't know how it will be in full-blast summer
i find myself touching my face a lot in the morning because i just can't believe how soft it is
i love this product so much i just hate because it don't come in a bigger size
don't think i will use during the day though
i felt as if i didn't need to wash my face
a drop of anything to my face will give me a big zit almost instantly
the only thing i wish
i started freaking out thinking that it was never going to absorb into my skin
i went for it anyway
it does exactly what you would want any product to do
i first got this as a sample not even knowing really what it was
wouldn't be without it!
definitely do recommend the product
nothing seems to sort it out except this
let me tell you
like anyone with a certain madness for makeup
it does clearly say to shake well before every use
so maybe that's why people are having issues with it not being creamy
i mean much better
i only give this 4 stars as because of the oilyness of my t zone
which doesn't take long at all
the only thing i regret is not buying he bigger bottle
it's great for when you put it on right before you go to bed
it doesn't fade anything or change my skinntone
i will continue to do so
i do also use other products on my skin because i don't believe there is one miracle product for everything
the only thing i don't love is the price!
definitely makes me want to branch out into more josie maran skin care
it always seems to enlighten my face
i really didn't want to like this so much since it is on the more expensive side
don't know how well it would work under makeup
i honestly didn't want to like this product because of the price
i can't get enough
didn't bother my sensitive skin at all
i think it actually helped clear my skin up
the dropper barely lets me get anything out
overlooking these flaws it does what its supposed to do
unless you maybe just use it at night
do not apply this
i don't think it would be good for me all over my face
it just doesn't exist
that's what i like to feel on my face when i go to bed
you have to let it sit on your skin
it really does what it says it does
i've also tried many different masks that either burns or didn't do anything
this is the only stuff i can use to take care of it
i didn't want to spend the money
decided to give it a try
i never even got to try it!
this did not bother her or make her feel greasy.
it doesn't hurt at all
i decided to try this product
lots of people have said this mask didn't do much for them
i do like this product
it didn't bother me
i don't know if it's just mine
doesn't fully come to an end really
i will recommend this to anyone with a dry face
it definitely does its job and then some!
i probably wouldn't have found this product
i don't know if it did anything to my pores
i can't live without it in the winter.
didn't make my skin red or anything
i don't find it does anything "amazing" for my skin
that doesn't bother me
although worried it would make me break out i tried it
rarely do i find a mask that doesn't cause me to break out
this one does no such thing
let me tell you
my mom even asked me what i did to my face!
it didn't bother me
you need to try this mask
i do my masks right after work
i still gotta cleanse
no matter what the mask does
this is my go-to hydrating mask when i need something that actually works
the best part is you don't have to wash it off either
let me preface this by saying that my skin is a confused mess
i didn't even want to wash my face.
(if you want to save money, get the mini.
i feel you should get more
it does have a little tingle when you first apply it
that doesn't last long
you can put it on whenever
i cannot say enough how much i love this!!!
give it a go if you're thinking about it
i highly recommend trying to get your h
why people go crazy for this brand.
can't say enough great things about it.
if you need a skin boost, try it.
didn't think much of it
i don't think that will happen
i feel like thats mostly what you pay for
i feel like with this product i don't have to worry
i wouldn't use it every day as my skin can't h
i can definitely tell a difference if i go too many days without using it
t can do it's magic
you should probably stay away
this product doesn't irritate it at all
it doesn't do much else
nothing can help -- except this
i will never go without this product!
not really anything special in my opinion.
i give it 4 stars cuz i have only been using this for a week now so here's hoping that it continues to pay off
i would recommend this product for you
it does what it says it'll do
if your skin is even just a little dry get this you won't be disappointed trust me a little goes a long way
i know you can use this as a 20 minute mask
what i love most about this is that you don't have to wash it off
let me tell you
smell were something i did not expect
i don't really consider it a mask
i got a sample in the mail and let me tell you.
those of you who have exzema know that we get fine lines
not sure whether i'll buy a second jar for that reason
if you can afford it
i always say "you get what you pay for"
lots did not work for my skin
this maybe why some complain of breakouts (?
i will never use anything else
you don't need much to make an enormous difference in your skin
i do like it very much
once you try this
om breakouts that when they do happen they are those bad ones that really take awhile to go away
" or whatever were really bothering me
i'll never know what might happen when trying new products
it actually does what it says
the best way to get the results i want
maybe it is the fragrance or maybe i should not put it so close around my eyes
not sure which cream i'll commit to since i love the algenist
i love the effects of this product so much that i can't imagine changing
at least it's one that actually "does it all
i don't think makeup would go well over it.
if you are hesitant
will never try anything else
you don't even need to use much.
i don't love it enough to purchase the real thing once i run out
unless i see crazy anti-aging results
make sure you get a sample before you buy
i wish i could afford this
and i had try everything.
hope my review can help you
because i dont agree with the negatives reviews
and i have try everything!
dont forget your neck
hope my review can help u
because i dont agree with the negatives reviews
a little does go a long way
this one does everything it tauts.
maybe the product is not for you
or you might use it right
over time i figured out that it only does
not 5 because i can't layer it with other things
t kind of cancels out the need for anything else
you do not need to use much at all
this does not irritate my eyes
trust me, i've tried them all!
this does not break me out or irritate the skin
cause i definitely don't need more of that
so try not putting too much
blend it out well if you aren't going to put on makeup afterward
what i finally realized is the best thing i can do for my undereyes is to wear sunblock--it will be better than any crazy creme out there
i do feel i still need my regular eye cream
this cream does not run
of course you don't wanna squeeze it into your eyeball
it's not a big deal if it goes near it by accident
can't live without it
i want to really make sure my eye area is protected
especially if you apply too much
but when applied under makeup you can't tell.
i did not burn all summer
go get you some!
i tried it anyway
a little goes a long way, and i don't break out!
this product did not disappoint
or bother my eyes
definitely recommend it to anyone with sensitive
does not break me out
you need to try this one
doesn't hurt your eyes
i prefer this combination as the make-up forever doesn't sting my eyes at all
you really need to let it sit on that area
don't know how i lived without it
i can't say enough good things about it!
you get a bit more which is why i chose it
really rub it around my eye area which you can do because it doesn't irritate
this works so great for me so don't be scared by the "oil" in the name
i don't know why i haven't found this sooner!!
you should definitely try this if you like cleansing oil
i like the small packaging as i can bring it anywhere i go
don't have to worry how to take my make up off
you won't regret it!
didn't know what to expect
it didn't help much
i don't think it would be good to use alone as it does not deep clean
so obsessed i don't think i will ever use anything else to remove my makeup
hopefully clinique doesn't decide to "fix" this version or discontinue it
it does the job
does not irritate my eyes at all
let me tell you, this baby does just that.
i wanted to give this a try
does not do anything magical for skin
so that is the reason i did not give it 5 stars
it has not made me breakout nor does it sting my eyes
you should not break out
it does the job
i definately would recommend this to people with dry skin like me
it does exactly what it is supposed to do
there's nothing in it likely to bother sensitivities
so can't say how it would work on that
it doesn't cause me to break out
it's really hard to use anything else
don't know why this doesn't get more love!
if you're like me
you need this oil in your life
this does not irritate them what-so-ever
i read the reviews, and decided to try it.
i always go back to this
it doesn't leave anything behind .
this product is definitely for someone who wants to do it all at once
it does not cause me any eye irritation at all
it's hard not to get it in your eyes
at first i didn't like it.
doesn't burn eyes at all if i happen to get it in them
i realize i need an extra step to really clean up my face
you should try this out if you have sensitive
i don't trust it enough to use alone in that respect
i will never use anything else ever again
i wonder what i would do without it
it does not irritate the skin nor my eyes
it seems like the opposite of what you would expect from putting literal oil on your face
don't get me wrong
i don't think this would be good for someone with very dry skin
i cant do without it
i mean all of it
then work your way around the rest of your face.
it wouldn't break me out
i definitely don't break out as often anymore
just whatever else is on there
i however wanted something that doesn't require kleenex to wipe off after because i thought that was a waste
i don't love it nor hate it though.
not necessarily the entire face.
if used correctly i think everyone will see how great this product can be
i think it makes me look about 15 younger!
even if it did it wouldn't matter to me since i follow with another cleanser
it does what it says- it takes off all the stuff we ladies put on our face so we can face the world
then i simply use my clarisonic
only product that can do this that i can find.
i usually put it where my laugh line is at
i don't see any foundation marks where my concerns are which is my laugh line al
doesn't stop the shine completely
i would say this product does do what it advertises
the only thing i would suggest is to let your eye cream
im not sure why people say this doesn't work for them
maybe they're not using it correctly because this is an amazing product
it won't make them disappear completely
i don't know why this product didn't work for others
it doesn't feel heavy even when you put on a lot
really like this mask, i use it 1-2 a week.
couldn't wait to get home to order it
i'll finish this jar and see what happens.
if this helps i will come back
i will never go without this ever again.
it does what it claims.
i did not like any of them
you only need to use a little bit
so am not really 'seeing' anything
you can wear it alone as well
i could probably just use this product without my foundation if i wanted
the best thing i can say is that it works!
does not cause me to break out
getting older i wanted something to make
i've tried a lot of primers and this one does it.
not sure if it's from this
my skin even looks better on the days i do not wear foundation
it lasts a long time because you don't need much
it honestly does the best blurring job ever
you only need a little
could not believe how it made my skin look
that's how much it means to me
you'd expect the best of the best
i didn't repurchase it because i wanted to try other primers
i never thought one time that maybe it's my primer
try a sample if your afraid to take the plunge
i can tell you this does amazing things for your skin
i don't feel like it does much for helping my makeup last longer
sidenote: let this sit on your skin for about a minute before applying your foundation
you get what you pay for
told me how much it would help hide
if you can't physically go
i think everyone should see how this would work for them
doesn't make me break out
im talking wrinkles you get when you are 60+
save your money guys :
this is one product i won't live without.
it's not the miracle in a tube we sometimes expect from products
i love it enough to put up with it
i recommend to everyone whether you use makeup or not
i don't know that it really makes pores smaller as much as it makes the make up go on
you should definitely try this primer out
i didn't really notice it much
that's not really a problem for me
i think i will just stick with the la base
don't know that it actually counts as "lightweight"
f you're not into strong smells you may want to skip this one
it's worth it when you want to look really nice
i did not give it 5 stars
does what it says
seems to do what it promises.
does not change it
doesn't break me out
it doesn't do much good for me now that i live in a very dry area
this does the trick
which i usually do not love
keep in mind that in order to have great skin you have to control what you put into your body along with what you put on your skin
this one does not make me break out at all.
trying it if you can
it doesn't last long
know it's not just my skin
if there's nothing else comes up.
you get used to it right away
that did not happen
if you know you're dry
then i wouldn't get this
had to bring my back because it didn't hydrate enough for me
if you need something very lightweight
hope it doesn't run out quickly.
it would probably work wonders
definitely recommend this product to anyone
i probably would not repurchase for it didn't do what i hoped this mask would do for me
i didn't realize i spent 80 bucks on it
figure it's saving money when you think of it that way
i figured why not
you can't beat it being basically a 6 in 1 fix it mask
i decided to try it
it never lets me down
i didn't want to love this $80 mask that every sephora employee was telling i had to buy
i shouldn't have put up such a fight.
i don't usually leave reviews
i honestly can't say enough about it.
i could not really tell a difference when i first tried this mask
it’s easy because you only have to leave it for 10 minutes
t is hard to tell which one is doing what
it does everything that any other mask would do all in one
gotta switch it up after all
you don't want your face to get too used to the same things
try it you'll love it!
i even go out without make-up
which i don't normally do
i can't even describe how good this was for my skin
i cannot recommend this enough.
i want to use it everyday.
i would only recommend using this product if you have issues with your skin otherwise it may not be good for you
i can't get enough of it
i cant believe i had not tried it before.
it didn't make it worse either
this mask does wonders for me
the instructions did not mention how often you should apply the product
just because a product works for one person don't get upset that it does not work for you
how can anyone complain??
i don't usually write reviews
i really dislike when people act all drama just because something did not work for them
i cannot say anough good things about what i've tried from this br
however i don't see much of a change.
never thought i'd find anything i like more
let me start by saying my skin was always normal
i like to think this mask helped
how they just look dirty regardless of how many things i do to my skin
i've honestly forgot it was on my face sometimes
i can't believe how much i like this mask.
i don't use it often
would recommend to all my gf's
can't wait to see if product is 5 star worthy!!
bought the product because it does exactly what it says on the box
this doesn't have that problem
try it and you will be a believer!!
couldn't wait to try this product
you really don't need to put a lot on so the jar should last for a while
thinking that i'll use it
this one, i can see a difference immediately.
i really can do this once a week
that's what i can live up to
this doesn't take long
it did not disappoint
it really did make my skin look a lot better!
as i have found you really get what you pay for
you can feel that your whole face got lifted
its effectiveness absolutely doesn't mean you should skip the sunblock
if you find yourself in my situation you should definitely consider this mask to help save your face
there's really nothing more i can say that hasn't been said
try a sample if you're skeptical
you'll be back in no time
for those who don't see amazing
if you're worried about the price
you will not regret
what can i say
do yourself a favor and buy this.
i could tell a difference after the 2nd use
going to buy it asap
let me tell you!
i've never used something like this
i wasn't sure about paying this much for a mask
it felt so good and i didn't want to take it off.
this one … so different then anything i ever tried
this one really did something different.
telling my boyfriend that i was annoyed i couldn't get them out the way they do when you get a professional facial
i see why this product is 75$
you can actually feel it working
i guess that's what you get if you want spf 30
this product does what it says it will do
i actually had a friend ask what i was doing to make my skin 'glow
all i can say is i that i hope they make this forever
it really doesn't get any better!
i couldn't wear it at all
does not break me out
does not cause me to breakout
but this one doesn't!
does wonders on my skin
it doesn't break me out
my skin does not react to it badly
wouldn't want to keep buying it
can not live without it.
this one does not
i needed something that won't be greasy
it's a must for me to look remotely awake.
i will never stop
i believe it'll stick with me
it didn't make me break out at all.
why some people might not like it
i don't find it off-putting at all--in fact
it does not make my skin break out
when i apply it
i didn't really pay a whole lot of attention to how much i liked it until it was gone
i can't speak to how well this would be as a sole moisturizer
all i can say is that it's a great daytime moisturizer that i don't want to be without again
i don't usually write reviews as beauty products work differently for everyone
this doesn't break me out
for a man who wasn't sure that he wanted to bother with moisturizer
don't get me wrong
it is unlike anything i've ever tried!
i would definitely love to try the hydration booster too to compare
i can tell once i get down to the bottom i will need to shake the bottle
one thing i can tell is the skin really glowing
can't live without this product
did not get rid of fine lines
it didn't make me break out.
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i know i shouldn't
so even when i try to pick at it
you can use it alone
i can say it's worth trying it
i don't wear foundation unless for a special occasion
my only question is
do not need a lot
great as a base before concealer or can do alone if don't use too much
i don't see enough results to want to buy this again
works really well on its own or under concealer if you want just a touch more coverage
i did find that it likes to make foundation
not only does it get rid of fine lines
it isn't always necessary
let me warn you
do not take this on an airplane
so i have to scrape out what i can.
does everything he claims to do.
i've finally found an eye cream that does all the things that i want it to do
if i want fuller coverage
i won't give it 5 stars
maybe i just read the packing wrong
this did the trick!
it really did the trick
i don't know that i see a huge difference
if you are expecting that this product alone will hide deep black cercles you are wrong
for now i'll spend the money because i can't find anything else as good
this does the job
can't go without this now!
you get what you pay for
i can't live without it
you don't know how many "rejects" i've collected
you don't need to use a lot to make an impact.
it really does what it says
which is exactly what i want to avoid for my aging skin under the eyes
you do not need very much product per wear
there is no cap or twist to close so you can't travel with it or put anywhere that something else might smash it bcz then it just squeezes out the product
make it your go to like i have
this product does the trick
other than that it doesn't really need it
it does not set in fine lines!
i will say that for an instant fix
for me it does everything that it claims
i am not going to knock a star off for something trivial like that
i can tell on days when i forget to put it on
this does exactly what it says
not sure if it helps do anything since i am not really puffy
it's always in my bag wherever i go.
it does the trick.
cant get the right pressure to just get a little amount
i've always been told "you can correct color
if it works, cool... if not, no biggie.
i didn't really want it anyway.
i don't think i can live without this now
don't want to look like a zombie ghostface either
i don't want to be without it
for me it does the trick
this stuff does exactly what it says
i don't have to anymore because of this stuff
when i'm not going anywhere, this is great!
it loses a star because you do need to set it if wearing with makeup or you'll have a creasey mess
just had to try it for myself
i don't think its worth it
i don't like it enough for the price
i feel you can get more bang for your buck with another br
eye duty does exactly what they say
it does exactly that
it does everything it says it will.
you don't need to use much
not only does it cover up dark circles at the moment you put it on
it doesn't make it completely go away
you use so little that this tube is going to last me awhile
you should use this mask because it seriously helps a lot
i like it well enough
you do get a nice size jar
i cannot believe how smooth
can't use it all over
you don't have to keep it on long
this is a perfect mask, couldn't ask for more.
i don't have to wait 15-20 like other mask
what does that even mean?
i would say it's not worth it if you have dry skin like mine
i am so glad that the sephora poobahs decided to release it with that mask set
what i like about it is the instant hydration that i feel when applying it
i cant wait to get the full size is out of stock now you know why it is amazing
read about it and decided to give it a try.
good thing i did or i would never have known what a great product this is
this i didn't have to
thought i'd give it a try
i recommend it to everyone
i can't say how much i look forward to smoothing it all over my face
for me that's not usually easy as i want to try everything
if you're debating whether to purchase or not
wow does this help
does anyone know how many uses you can get out of the jar?
i would definitely reccommend it.
i don't know what it is about this mask
then you will feel tighten
you do not need much to cover your whole face.
i can't believe how effective it is
for any skin type i think
i cannot speak for others
do exactly what it claims
i wanted to try something new
i decided to try this out
almost like you got all the sleep you needed
you will be a ok
didn't even use foundation
the only reason i give it a 4 is i want my little bumps i had for years to go away :
'm not sure if it should be used that much if you do
it does what it says
i can definitely tell that there is a difference
you don't need much to see the benefits
've tried many masks that say they're going to do something
don't do much of anything
this is a mask i'm afraid to be without.
i can't do without it, love it!
you get so much product
quickly if i don't take great care
not only did i notice
i can't say enough good things about this mask!
the reason why i don't use it everyday is because of its smell
i just don't like it
they didn't have it
since i don't use this product alone i can't say whether the antioxidants are working
i would recommend it.
you use it on your "problem" areas
didn't know what was truly working
i don't think this would be enough for someone with dryer skin
i don't like ordering online, but love this.
i feel like this product is something i'm going to use for the rest of my life
i didn't realize how amazing this product is until i ran out
i actually use it alone
i don't know why more ppl aren't reviewing
so overall it's good, but do be careful.
you also don't need a lot of product
make my makeup feel like it might slide off if i do something dumb like rest my chin on my h
they don't live up to the hype
please note that you don't use net on your face
if you look on koh gen do's website they will tell you that this is for removing makeup
i don't see my large pores anymore
i would recommend it to anyone
so even though i do get an oily t-zone
i can't say anything about the cloth that comes with it
since i don't use it
wanted to try this for a change
i would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to pamper their skin
no break outs either will totally buy again!
wanted to try something new
i would probably leave it on my face forever
honestly i don't think i needed it
while i like to try other things
too small for anything
it's probably the actual instructions they give that make the difference that you could do with most cleansers
i really do like this mask
know it's doing something
not when i use this mask
i would totally recommend.
i don't have to use it every day anymore
this stuff does not irritate it at all
i didn't see the results i was hoping for
i definitely notice them
i don't want to say scrub
at least you get a lot for your money
i also love how it doesn't make my face dry
'll get more products when i am out of my current stuff
literally if u have any skin issues this will help u
let me know it was working
you don't need to use much each time
i just didn't think it did all that much for my skin
my skin really does look
when i used this mask the first few times i really didn't think it was doing much
probably because i'm 23 so don't have aging issues
you will immediately see
you'll get your moneys worth and then some.
while i might not consider this a holy grail product i do enjoy it
because i thought i didn’t want to put anything cold on my face
i don’t know why the fridge makes such a huge difference
i would really like to try it that way too
it also really helps pick your skin up if you only have time to let it sit for about 10 minutes
you can feel it sinking in
i let it sit for
i usually can't be bothered writing a review unless something really knocks my socks off
i won’t make that mistake again
all i know is with a single use
going to see if it makes any difference as a 10 minute mask now
i didn't notice anything immediately other than my skin was very soft
i wouldn't recommend this
you barely need any
(at least i think that's what caused it!)
i don't go a night without it
can't necessarily speak for if it reduces lines or not
it did not disappoint
as a mask, i didn't notice much.
i didn't expect that to happen
i like to use this not as a mask
if you want to splurge
it does everything it claims
it does everything it claims and more!!!
i couldn't resist trying this
you get a lot of product
does great on a clarisonic if you have one
i don't use in am
because i feel like it can be too harsh to do am
it's a great product that does exactly what it claims to do
this cleanser seems to know how to adapt
you only need a little bit
what more do you want?
you should be using one anyway
ask to get a sample of this the next time you go to a store
you can use it with your clarisonic
you won't have problems
there is nothing wrong with it
you don't have to use a lot to get results.
like how skin should feel
then you will appreciate this
not what i intended using it for
that doesn't usually happen.
then it really does clean
just have not like anything else
everyone should really give it a try!
this doesn't irritate my skin whatsoever
i really do like it.
as anything else causes me to break out instantly
i don't have any lines to speak of exactly
which i could see happening
i would definitely skip this wash
the other stuff would but this doesn't.
i cannot say enough good things about it.
it doesn't irritate my eyes at all which i love.
as you age your face needs change
if you're a person with younger skin
i would not use this
young skin doesn't really need it
a must have if you don't already use
i could not even wear my contact.
i swear i can see the difference when i get out of the shower
i love how it does treat my skin
i try everything once
most do the same thing
just happened to find this
decided to try it with my clarsonic
i hear the mask isn't ask great
i might just have to try it out
at first i really did not like the consistency
but i do believe this is a keeper!
you need just a drop to get your face clean
does exactly what it claims
don't need a product to do too many things for me
if you're sensitive to smells you should probably avoid this
i feel like it does a much better job
something tells me i won't have to for awhile since a little goes a long way
you won't regret it!!!
i just can't stick to something if it doesn't smell nice
if that doesn't bother you
this is an honest review as i never really leave reviews unless i really love something
i don't need a lot of coverage
wanted to try something new
decided to try this one
at first was skeptical as it didnt look like i did anything to my face
you have to put it on
this is the kind of makeup where people will compliment you by saying
i feel like no one should be happy about hearing "i like your makeup" because for me
i want to look natural
not giving you a face that isnt you if that makes sense
please try it, you will see for yourself.
i would say i have fair hair
how it feels like nothing on your skin
i personally don't need a lot of coverage.
you'll probably like this
the one i was using just wasn't working with my skin anymore
thought it wasn't doing much of anything for my skin at all
what sorcery this is, i don't know.
if you want full coverage, this is not for you.
if you want "your skin
feels like you have nothing on the skin
it just looks like you have better skin than you do
i only gave 4 stars because it is pricey for what you get
thankfully i can make this color work for me
i love that you can layer it if you need more coverage in certain areas
i don't cover my anything else since it leave a nice glow
it is my go to whenever i want a very natural skin like finish
i apply the way they say
if i don't do anything else, i always wear this!!
nor does it make me look 'dewy'-
if i can see makeup on my face, i don't like it.
don't ever change the formula
i can't live without this item!
i can't even bear to think what i'll do if they discontinue this
it doesn't look or feel like i'm wearing any make-up
don't expect full coverage because the idea is to make it look like you're not actually wearing foundation
t looks like you are wearing nothing
then this product is for you
it does t give full coverage
try the small size if you're not sure.
so you can decide how full coverage you want it to be
if you don't work it into your skin
you really do not need much product each use so the small bottle will last you a while
it goes on so smoothly that i literally cannot see it
once it sets it looks like you aren't wearing anything
it gives you a nice amount of coverage on days you dont want to go full on make up
the makeup can't be that good...can it?
everyone says that i know
i don't understand it.
you don't need very much
this is for you
is not too much
i don't even want to use any other foundation after trying this
you don't need much
don't get it if you have serious things to cover
figured i'll give it a try
that's what i want
you don't have to use much with this product
you really don't see it on skin
f this is the look you are going for
i don't think this would work for someone needing medium to full coverage even if you do multiple layers
doesn't feel like anything on the face
definitely not for you if you need a lot of coverage or have very dry skin
i like the fact that i can't feel it on my face.
even though it doesn't provide full coverage i don't care
it's not a good pick for anyone with really light skin
this is for you
i don't often write reviews
this one does everything it claims to do
this foundation doesn't make me look made up
my skin seems to look better even when i'm not wearing it
it just simply does not match my skin tone
i don't really have any blemishes-- just left over
you name it i've tried it
i don't want to look like i've plastered the stuff on my face
go for something light
it will give you the most dewey
or feeling like i do
want something to even out my skin tone
you can apply it lightly for a sheer look or you can build it for a more flawless look
i love the no make up make up line so much
the result is exactly what i need
i don't have much to cover up
it does not cause me to break out which is nice
i wish they'd come out with a lighter version
i know they say to apply with your h
it says it works for anyone
i cannot imagine how this could work for anyone with light skin
i really like this for days i don't want a full face
i would never use anything
doesn't look like i'm wearing any foundation at all
i place the product on my face in the way the instructions tell you to do so
i don't get it.
i don't get it.
not completely cover them
don't notice them unless you are close
'll go back to that
i don't need or use heavy foundation
ask a sephora make up person to help decide between this
i do that because i feel like all foundations
it doesn't feel like you have foundation on
this is just what i needed
i really do not underst
all you need is a little bit.
it truly does wake you up!
didn't really know much about it or it's purpose
women which i thought maybe this won't work for me
so you just have to try
one of which i actually hadn't gotten much sleep —
i must say, it really does do what it claims to.
don't let the price tag scare you away.
even if you're new to skin care products
regardless of how you felt beforeh
it can make you look a bit shiny
i didn't think such an oil existed
sooo why review if you haven't tried it?
so far i like it.
it pills under makeup or basically anything else no matter what i do
you'll probably need to find something else
i did discover that you only need a little bit of this product to do the trick which is great cause i don't have to replenish as much
you don't need much i have had mine since january
don't ask even i don't know where i dropped it
it didn't break me out
breakout prone nething i apply can n will break me out :d
i don't know what they did to this stuff
you won't regret it!
i know 146$ may seem crazy for a face cream
you may wana just bite the bullet on this one
i cant get over it.
i can't even tell you how amazing my skin feels after applying it
i like it though
it would be pleasnt for someone how can not tolerate strong smells
i couldn't believe it.
although i love it so much i don't know if i'll be able to continue purchasing because of the price
as you do not expose the product until you use it
i cannot speak to the fine lines/wrinkles piece as i do not have either
i don't have bags under my eyes anymore.
i recommend this to everyone!
if i apply too much
i did not notice if it helped with bags
that's all i expect
i can't explain why
i can tell that this jar will last me a long time
it won't do anything for wrinkles or circles or lifting
i love how it doesn't irritate my eyes at all
i don't see any brightening of them with this product
not sure i can see much change in my dark circles
doesn't give me milia
i could try it
i however did not read that
it did nothing for my fine lines
it does not say it is for fine lines
so that is on me
i decided to try this product
you definitely do not need to apply a lot of product
so even if you don't have a 'dry' under eye area
i cannot imagine not using it everyday
can't speak from that point of view
i didn't expect much from this eye cream.
this is my go to.
also, you really get a big bang for your buck!
it doesn't linger or cause any problems for me
i don't know about anti-aging
it's definitely a must if you have dry eyes.
you won't regret it!
some did nothing at all
you need to know how to use it
if you try this product or have tried it
see if you notice a difference
not only does this small bottle last forever
i feel like my eyes don't look tired anymore.
decided to give this one a try to see what the hype is about
i am not sure that it was good enough for me
i can't recommend it enough.
i don't think i realized how dry my eye area was until i started using this
no need to use anything
i don't expect my eye cream to work miracles
this stuff really does!
it does the job
hey, i'm 48 years old, if anyone needs it, i do!
go light, you'll love it.
this does the job
i am not sure about it actually changing anything
so even if you forget to apply it at night
this cream does the trick for me
the only negative thing i can say about this product is how sad i am when i get to the bottom of the jar :
i can't say enough good things about this eye cream
before applying makeup because i did notice when i didn't do that
which might bother some
i don't write reviews a lot
i would recommend for day time use tho
doesn't cause me to break out
i don't know what i did without it!
because you use so little of it
it does actually work
i will recommend it to anyone with the same issues as me
you can't put a price on feeling great about yourself
those don't compare at all
i wish they made this for my chin.
it does help me with the pore
decided to give this a try
if you follow the instructions correctly it will work i promise you
you really need to follow the instructions
i can't wait to get this product again
i think i put it on wrong
you name it, we have tried it.
a great thing to use for special events or when you need an extra pick me up
it didn't look like much on the strip itself
i couldn't believe how clear my skin looked afterwards
tons of the smaller ones you didn't even know you had too
i just can't bring myself to do that
looking at the pore pad i didn't see anything
i didn't have any irritation afterwords
he sheepishly asked me if we could do face masks
now every time i go to sephora he says "will you get me a nose-mask?"
im not sure how these got some bad reviews.
bought this product thinking it was not gonna work at all
does the job time
this product does what it says.
does it take them completely away?
i don't know why you would expect them to especially if you have only tried it once
no, but like i said it does what it claims to do.
even not i expected because it's only pull out some
then you'll know if you'll like the product
if you are scared about buying this
i can't believe this doesn't have better reviews.
i figured i'd give it a try
have nothing to compare it to
they didn't do anything
literally nothing would come out
it doesn't get them all out
this product worked so well i just can't believe it
i can really tell the difference!
i gave this 4 stars because it didn't remove all of them
this stuff really did its job on my nose
this product does exactly what it promises to do-remove black heads
none do the trick
that's what you want
nothing would work for him until we tired these
see how much i got out
see how it works for you
they never pull anything out
they have never done anything for me
if you're trying to decide which to go with
i do like these
it didn't make sense to just keep the set if i was only going to use just one cream
the night cream doesn't do anything for me -- i had better experience with korres products
i cant afford this every time
i can't stop thinking about it
since only samples i couldn't really tell if it did much of anything
i won't be able to do full size to see if it does
i don't know if i am qualified to give this product a review because all i have tried is a small sample of this stuff
i would recommend this to anyone.
i do find that it gets in my eyes
it takes a lot to get me to write a reviews
don't let the price hold you back
you see the cycle here?
probably other stuff i can't think of right now
the price isn't even crazy for what you get.
i mean you get night
don't let the price fool you.
before you buy you can have someone in the store show you how to use
even if you think
you can tell pretty quick it's better than your average cream
i could see a difference right away.
i did not have a problem with either of them stinging
peels i'm starting to think that they can't be helped
who doesn't want extra spf
no matter how careful i am
doesn't make it run
if you struggle with texture you need this in your life
i am not sure what people are talking about in regards to the smell
did it that way => i added a little water to my h
there is much worse out there lol i like to use this mask
yes it does have a bit of a burn at first
i don't really know what it does
i don't even know what it does or how it works
i didn't see any actual oil
we honestly couldn't smell a thing so no complaints there
failed to find some that won't make me break out
i can honestly say this is the best one for me.
to me as long as it does it's job i have no problem
i don't know why so many people are complaining about the smell
i can see why it would turn some people off
mainly because you don't need to use that much
when you use it, it gives you a very clean feel.
doesn't mean i haven't had better ones either
i didn't expect to like this mask so much.
maybe not if you have sensitive skin
decided to give it a try
enough that if i change up my skin care routine with the wrong products i get little bumps
is that supposed to happen?
sometimes age doesn't change things
definitely recommend for those who want to try the supermud
now i need a the real thing
hearing all the hype decided to try it today
i would purchase again for sure however i'm not sure if i would recommend this to someone who doesn't wear makeup
didn't do much else
you can feel it working.
i started off buying the smaller version of this because i didn't know if it would work well on my skin or not
tried everything to get rid of them
you can definitely see a difference in your skin
i didn't know that at first
it didn't bother me
i can actually do my makeup again!
i can't wait to order a jar
i cannot use the glamglow flashmud for this reason
you should definitely try this mask
if you're skeptical about the product
i seriously don't even want to put moisturizer on because my face feels so soft
couldn't decide to get this or the white one
i love how i only have to use a little bit so the price point isn't as bad as you think
somebody says it ineffective.
if i want a deep
i would honestly probably use this every single day if it weren't quite so expensy
i dont want to pay $70 for a jar of something i dont even know if i like
am not sure if it was that
i guess i wlll keep using the travel size
i didn't have any burning this time
only for a minute or less then you wont feel anything
i did not experience the burning sensation that others did
if you face hurts dont use so much!!
so not for everyone
i could kick myself for not trying this mask sooner
if you want to know
this stuff will do it
i would recommend to anyone.
i recommend it to everyone
(i believe that's due out in may)
if you wonder about the product
test it out you won't be disappointed.
not sure why the bad reviews there
i didn't use it right away
nothing in this one bothers my skin
i don't know if the texture would be good for that anyway
thought i would try this
don't know yet if it has lifting affects.
it didn't happen overnight
ok let me be clear
i couldn't believe how quickly it improved the look of my skin
i don't get headaches anymore
that's exactly what it did for me
it definitely does not like anything on top of it
if i stop using it
this does not bother me at all
only gave it four starts because i dont have much to compare to
there hasnt been a product in the line i dont like
you do feel the firming right away
it's too early to be 100% sure if it works.
i can not live without this product!!
you do not realize how much it's working till you stop ising it for a month
please never stop making this, i will be lost!
it does feel tacky after you put it on
i really don't write reviews
this really made me sit down to write one
i want to see if their is a difference in the morning
you know what that's not a bad thing
who cares when no matter how tired you feel
you never look it
you won't even look tired
you're getting a lot for what you pay for
i didn't see much difference.
i no longer look tired
i dont look 32 anymore.
i do think i need something that will help with anti-aging
i am not sure if it does any help at all for wrinkles
when u apply it
i don't think it does good on hydration either.
you want this product
again in the morning if i think my eyes need it
i don't get the reviews.
sometimes i forget to do my night routine
i can't recommend this any more.
because you don't want to use too much or your skin might get too sticky
it's amazing i use it on nights that i know i may not get enough sleep
i never believe anything can really work a miracle
it isn't a problem if used before going to sleep
they didn't agree my skin as well as this product
i am not sure how this product got some of the bad reviews that it did
sometimes make me look like an alein
i don't think i have even ever wrote a review in my lifetime
really does what it says it will
i just wanted to make a note to everyone saying this product didn't work well under makeup
that's why they don't make gel foundation :)
i couldn't imagine using the gel under anything
there is not much one can do about it
which means i do not get the right amount of sleep
give it 5 stars once i do
doesn't bother me since i sleep right away
i cannot live without it!
i've never found anything better.
you can't go wrong with this.
yes it's sticky but don't let it deter you!
not just when i put it on
i never want to be without this stuff.
had to write a review because now i have to buy this i don't know exactly how they do it
'd say the price is right for how much product you get in the jar
if you don't like products that feel like they sit on your skin
if you don't mind it
it didn't bother me too much
you will put this on
you are going to bed no one is looking at you
i can't say enough about this product.
i didn't give it 5 stars because i don't think it will be life changing for everyone
this one it's one of my top 5 if you have acne
i didn't mind it considering how soft
highly approve if you're able to h
i don't want to be without this stuff.
this won't help with like active breakouts or anything
probably wouldn't recommend to someone with super sensitive skin
i don't want to jinx it
i totally get it which is why i was hesitant to purchase it
so don't get nervous if this happens.
i would recommend it to anyone with a similar situation as mine or anyone who wants a good exfoliator
i make sure to massage it in well while i wait
i wondered if this mask would help with it
was ready to try anything
let me tell you
why this was happening
please do yourself a favor and buy this.
really does what it says.
so, i like it that it works.
i give it 5 stars because it works
t will last forever
if you're on the fence about this product
let me tell you is amazing at firs stings a little
you don't need to use that much to cover your whole face
wouldn't purchace solely for that reason
definitely give this mask a try
if you're thinking of trying this mask
im going to keep using it
you do not need to scrub much.
i don't know how to spell
you know what i mean
a little does go a long way!
if you can make the splurge
i highly recommend that you do
definitely gonna continue to buy it
i don't know if i've been using the wrong masks all my life
sure-fire sign its doing something
when you first apply it
you'll get used to it soon
i highly recommend this mask to anyone wanting clearer
this mask did not break me out
your skin will want to retaliate
just let it happen the first time
the reason this gets 5 stars from me is because it actually does what it says it does
which probably explains why i never got to the rest
it is a lot, i know.
i can't live without it.
i didn't really know what it was
wanna see a difference in before & after?
decided it would be a pampering item even if it did nothing for my skin
not willing to give up on this luscious product yet
i can't say how much i love it!
you can feel the burn
if you've never used this one
if your skin is really sensitive this could be an issue for you
you must try this!
to some who say it's a lot for what you get
it doesn't break me out
i would apply it
didn't even feel it
t helps get rid of any blemishes i always get
which i know will probably never go away
i know for a fact that it will last me a long
got this because i cant have the pie i want
as everyone else has said it does sting while you have it on
let me tell you
i couldn't ask for more!!
this didn't bother it one bit
if you're a mask junkie like me this is something you must try out
you don't like your current product
such an amazing mask especially when you put it before you're going out for a " special occasion " or something it leaves u with a great skin
it should do the trick
i think anyone can h
looks fanatics if after i do this
i don't know why
i decided to give that a go
you have to fight the urge to wash it off
if you resist the urge to wipe it off immediately
i honestly have no idea what some people are referring to when they say tingling/burning
i already knew pumkin could give your skin a glow so do i want to pay this price for something i can get in a can at the local market or wait till pumkin are in season
i can feel the difference in my face
every time i open this mask the first thing i do is sniff it
you seriously don't have to leave it on longer
didn't hesitate to look at his other mask when i needed something to help get rid of that pesky top layer that was keeping my products from really doing their job
this mask does exactly what it says it will do
i know what to expect now
i seriously wanted to eat it.
its something you wanna fan yourself for
i honestly can't say enough good things about this
f you have sensitive skin i would try a sample of it first before you buy it so you can see how it will effect you
right after you take it off you can tell the difference with the texture of your skin
i could totally tell that it was working
can't wait to use this again!
this does burn and i dont have sensative skin.
i feel like this mask did everything those pads promise to do
i must honestly say most of the are just ok
i wouldn't recommend this for people with sensitive skin
this does not irritate it at all
i don't know what i ever did without it
i will never go without this
i can honestly see
if your not used to a mask like this it can be a bit overwhelming
his products do not disappoint!
maybe learn about the product before you buy it
i can sit in the mirror
i just can't say enough great things.
if you're like me the burning makes it feel like its actually working
for everything it does
it was really hard to get rid of them
i don't think it has helped eliminate them completely
i didn't find that at all
i feel like it'll last me forever
write a review unless it is absolutely amazing
and let me tell this product is.
i've never tried anything like it before
this cleanser does everything you want it to do!
it does not dry me out
i would not use this mornign
i'd love it if i could use it over my eyes
when i do use this
i do like this.
i don't use it every
does exactly what it claims
i want the real thing if i'm going to pay this much
if you can't afford all of that
you don't want something to clog your pores
seriously this does miracle or at least it did so on my skin
i just have to say
i couldn't believe how soft my skin was.
i don't get that
i do know the feeling on my skin is that close to what a primer would do
now that i know what it does i don't even smell it anymore
bothered me like what most people have mentioned
i always recommend it to people
i never do reviews
can't think of a reason i will ever switch from using this product
no wonder they call it divine cream because it truly is
you can see the improvement right away!!!
usually i don't leave reviews
it didn't even feel like my skin after i applied it
it really does give it a glow.
at 45 i don't feel like i need make up after i put it on
thought what the heck
i just let it work wonders overnight.
i felt compelled to write this given how effective this cream is
really didn't want to like it
i don't see how this cream could work during the day
i dont really notice the difference of my wrinkles
thought i would give this a try
i honestly don't think i can live without it!
i can't live without it.
if i haven't applied it
you only need a little to do the job so this jar lasts a while
you don't need much at all because it absorbs quickly
i can't believe how much i've changed my mind
seriously nothing like it
wonder if this product actually works
i can't determine if the serum is helping my skin or if it's all in my head
i recommend trying this!
i never go anywhere without foundation
it does deliver exactly what it claims.
when you do notice
i've wanted to take my skin care seriously
i decided to see what all the fuss was about
i couldn't find it
this actually does do what it says
i love this stuff, can't live without it!
let me tell you i don't regret it this serum is amazing i used it at night most of the time
since i don't really care much for skin care or have a routine
this is a serum i don't ever want to be without.
clinique did something right with this formula!
i break out if my skin doesn't like a product
you don't even need a full pump of this stuff
i would definitely recommend this serum for everyone
does not cause me to break out
i didn't realize we'd come this far.
i dont know if i should really compare the two for their benefits
i can say that i was not getting the wow factor like i do when i apply this
hope to see results that i couldn't see using that
it doesn't hidrates my face at all
i can't imagine what this will do as i continue to use it for the rest of my life
then i recommend getting it
this is a want not a need
i didn't notice any scent at all either so that's a plus
i know it was not created to do so but it has.
i will never go with out it
my only issue with this item is that it did not seem to sit well under my make up
i can tell it is making a difference
because it does work
i don't think i will pay more than 70$ for it
i consider it a plus if a product doesn't make my skin worse
it also doesn't clear it up either
immediately after trying it i added it to my sephora cart because it's so good
this one does the job
i do not need to even wear foundation
i don't notice at all.
when i don't use it regularly my face shows it right away
even my friends have asked me what i'm using
who usually doesn't notice such things
another thing it does really well is get rid of the bags under my eyes
after two uses decided my skin couldn't go without it
i don't know how
i certainly want to banish the look of those pesky fine lines
this works better than anything else i have ever used
not sure i buy into all the hype of what it's supposed to do
it did nothing at all for my fine lines
i couldn't figure out why until i decided to stop using the serum
i really have to let people know how great this serum is
it does what it says
nothing has ever did
you can seriously watch them fade away.
does not cause me to break out on my face
it does not feel nice to apply on the entire face
at least personally it does not feel comfortable
i wanted to do more for my skin
did not get any breakouts while on it
never going without it again!
can't say how it works for wrinkles
don't know about all the claims
i don't expect miracles
i do expect it to make my skin look healthy
if you don't want to wash
i love how it helps to take off my make up
not only to get everything off
using my second cleanser alone does not do the same job
does exactly what it says it does
it'll last you quite a long time
this didn't break me out
i cannot live without this one!
let me tell you
maybe i'm not using enough?
like you don't have go back to clean out your face again
i also like how this product has few ingredients that we could really pronounce
the only reason why i am giving 4 stars for this is because this stuff is really pricey
i wish i could give this 4.5 stars.
if you get it in your eye, it's painful.
agree with the others that if you get this in your eye
i don't know if my eyes are just sensitive or what
if i don't have my contacts in
i can for sure feel it tighten
i never see it do anything
i can't even really describe it
the instant i apply it there's something different
does not do anything for my dark circles
does a decent job of "lift" but so do others.
that's never happened before
i do not think my eyes were deceiving me
you only need the tiniest bit so
yes it does immediately brighten
time will tell whether it's really reducing fine lines or wrinkles
said i should get a different cream since she didn't know much abt this product
i wanted to give it a try
t no longer bothers me
this didn't give me immediate results
whether it does everything it says
or what i want to believe it will do
although it doesn't seem like you get much
i can actually feel the lifting.
gotta fight that gravity
which i will get to eventually lol
check it out if you want
i do recommend this product !
only complaint i have is it stings if you get it in your eye a little
if you are hesitant
you will find you do not need much if you have oily skin like mine
which is ok because it does everything else right
i think i'm going to get the night cream also.
anti wrinkle" cream i have tried that actually does what it says
a little does go a long way
i if we'd like to sample this
i cannot describe it but i like it a lot!
it does feel like it might be too rich for daytime when you first apply
you can't beat the price point either.
'm not giving up just yet
another bonus: you don't need much product to cover your whole face
which means it'll last awhile
it does not make my skin break out
let all these wonderful ingredients do the work when i sleep
it doesn't make your make up stay
i would say this product is perfect
i wouldn't start with this
if you are like me
this might just be your new favorite thing
find what works for you
i would give 5 stars
i just can't believe how it seems to plump up my face
you really don't need to use much
people have actually come up to me after i've used it to ask which salon i go to because they assume i've gotten a professional facial
i love it can't say that enough
thought to buy and use to see if it works or not.
if you read reviews
you must try this!
i don't know what ingredients they put in this
you apply it to your face
not really on the face
i know you're not supposed to use it every day
in ren's defense, it's not really their fault.
think of how your h
i would 100% reccomend this product to anyone looking to fight signs of aging
can't wait to see what happens again in three days
the only thing i would change about this product is instead of 1 minute
this did not irritate me in the least
you will be astonished at how much dead skin comes off your face
what will astonish you even more is how soft your skin is after
i did not find it hydrating as others mentioned-
i dont understand the negative reviews!
i can't believe how bright
you do have to do it daily
provided you don't react to it
you won't regret it.
i really didn't think one minute was long enough for a product to have any affect
but what a difference a minute can make!
i too couldn't stop looking in the mirror
at first i thought how could this product do everything it says it does in 1 minute?
i love that you can use this as often as you like
wanted an easy fix- this is it
but, 1 minute is all you need girls!
you can use it for a quick fix.
i would like to use it everyday
i want to use it every day!
it really does few like new skin after
perfect skin pick me up when you just don't have a lot of time
didn't think that the line could get any better
love it--even if you are not a ren user this is surely something you should try
i can see this working wonders for anyone with burning
if you don't mind paying the big price tag for beautiful skin
you can feel it's fully absorbed
does exactly what it says it will do
i cant really describe how my face skin had improve
thought this might be fun to try
you only need a tiny bit of this product to make a difference
it doesn't take much product
this product is not for you
you will not enjoy the benefits
like literally if i could get another free sample it would make my year
i cannot be without it!!
i can't believe how good of a primer this is
i couldn't believe it
you won't regret it
decided to try it for funsies
i would give this a try
people who are sensitive to smells don't need to worry
i can't be sure because i don't have any major skin problems
it it didn't cause any reactions
sometimes i think if i don't have problem skin
you should give it a try!
whenever i use it i always see a difference in my skin
i 100% recommend getting this.
'll try almost anything to make it look better
i couldn't believe the difference it made
i can't even begin to imagine the results i'll get
i just use things that do their job
not really thinking about it
if you can afford it, definitely buy it!!
i can't live without it.
but i cannot live without this one!
now, it's not like that anymore.
i' be tried it and can't live without now.
definitely recommend to anyone who wants a more even
i guess it "helps" more than it hurts your skin
my skin almost doesn't need foundation because it looks even
it started to not work anymore
i didn't see much results
this is not a serum so you can't expect any improvement with only this
that's what i know about ultimune.
at first it seemed like this did nothing for me
so keep trying it for a few weeks before you decide you hate it
it's not going to work overnight
at age 66 i can't expect miracles
i just want to say that for my dry
this didn't break me out
shiseido can do no wrong as long as you get the right products for your skin type
wouldn't have tried this otherwise.
thought i would never use it or like it
however, i know some folks might need it.
do talk to a sales associate about your skin care routine
dont use too much or else it can feel sticky
how soft it made my skin made me want to keep using it
i would definitely recommend people try this out
then decide whether they want to purchase the full bottle
cannot live without this!!
it does feel light
guess if you live somewhere hot
i think this is my next "can't live without" shiseido product
i do not know if i can live without this serum prep
where does it fit in with my routine?
this one sure seems to do the trick
i don't know if i'll purchase this again
i don't know for sure
i don't know what it is about this product
i can tell a difference with this which is a huge deal for me
what i find crazy is how many people are saying how amazing my skin looks
i really don't see any super crazy changes
hey if i keep getting compliments i'll be buying a bottle if this very soon
if you want to see results the next day
ladies, this product does wonders on my face.
initially i didn't think it did much
the packaging isn't one where you can get every last drop
will probably stick with it forever
does exactly what it says it does
it does so much
i don't even need to wear makeup anymore!
i do a lot already to take care of my skin
i hate when you use a product that makes your skin look good
if you don't use it one day your skin goes back to how it was before
if your struggling with redness that just won't go away try this trust me you won't regret it
try it, you won't regret it.
i wanted to try out something new
i may just return dior
it does make a difference
people keep asking me if i've been on vacation
if you use ultimune as a moisturizer you're going to be disappointed
if you use it correctly
like someone in their 30s
i can't really say enough good things about it.
however it doesn't make it worse
this doesn't bother me
but it doesn't look too bad- this stuff helps.
i would recommend not using anything
let me tell you, it's a miracle worker.
i cannot say enough about what a difference this mask has made on my skin
nothing else i own
it really doesn't bother me whatsoever
try it for yourself!
i recommend it to everyone
i believe this is just what it needs
didn't realize how dry my skin was till i tried this
i know it's not meant to be used as an over night mask
it does come back
this mask does what it says!!!
you won't regret it
you can talk normally while wearing it
you can just feel it working on the skin
then you'll love this one
i would recommend it to anyone
i can tell the results
i gotta say i wasn't really expecting to like this cleanser as much as i do
seems like everytime i do a much needed second cleanse
i see a lot of comments where people did not like this
you will be able to tell a difference!
it does not feel like the "film" is there anymore
you do not have to let it sit all night or for a long time
if you think about it
how do i know?
voila it removes everything so now i know how to properly use it i love it
i can't find anything else that works as well
i don't use this at night to take my makeup off because i don't feel like it gets everything off
plus, it didn't burn my eyes like so many do!
i know it is because of this product
that's only if i don't have any face makeup on
they love how it makes their skin feel
so you definitely get your money's worth
its does exactly what it says it does
maybe you just needed to do a bit of trial
'm going to do just that
it does just that
i really can see a difference in my skin
well... i think this stuff would be too thick.
i will never use anything else!
decided to give it a try
go get you some of this
it does literally everything it says it does.
couldn't ask for more from a product.
try it you wont regret it esp.
at first i wasn't too sure about this product
i can't say enough good things about this cleanser
it's doing exactly what i was told it would do
kept giving them away because i didn't care for the smell nor the consistency
decided to try them anyways
i still dont use it around my eyes
i dont think there is any cleanser that is tear-free
recommend you dont use it for eye makeup
whether or not i use it with my clarisonic
it won't work well
this didn't do anything for my dark circles
but this one i really like .
i can't say enough about this product.
i've never found them to really do much of anything
i can't really claim if it "works" with anti aging
i could not resist
i don't write reviews that often
certain things really blow me away
i feel like i should :
i did not have crazy wrinkles
i don't have those lines anymore
:phope it works just as well for ya if you decide to buy it
they dont work like this one does
have not found anything
i cannot believe how wonderful this eye cream is
i cannot say enough about this amazing product
i will not go a day without it.
this does not irritate my skin or break me out
won't really seem to do much of anything the first couple of uses
does more than what it says.
sure enough it was a god send for my face
never going to stop using this.
i also don't eat all that healthy so my skin is going to reflect that
you definitely get your money's worth
this product will do magic for your skin.
u will see the difference right away
i've never found something to help it the way this serum does
i don't know if i got a bad bottle
it does exactly what it advertises.
it can't be beat
so can't comment on that
now i will say this does not get 100% of my makeup off
i do go over with a clarisonic
this product actually makes me want to wash my face
i am a big fan of ole henriksen products because they do what they say they will do
it's perfect for those nights that i just want to take my makeup off
i still highly recommend it if you don't have sensitive skin
i couldn't believe how quickly
i won't use anything else.
what can i say?
if you want a quick
why you would think of it as a residue
ole henriksen you did it again
you don't need a lot of product at all
i don't wear much make up
it doesn't irritate me at all
i never want to be without this product.
i cannot get enough of it
i hope they never stop making it.
a great way to try it without spending to much or ask for a sample
don't find it to be a problem
pure truth does that but better!
a great way to make sure that i really remove as much makeup as i can
i used it wrong
i can't believe i haven't been using this!
i didn't feel that at all
or won't work as intended
i like how easy it is to use
i would warn not to put so much because you might feel oily afterwards
i actually didn't believe it was possible
does exactly what the description says
once you do your skin feels great
i really didn't think i'd be into this product
i recommend it to everyone
that's because you do still need to wash your face
they don't compare to this one
don't know if i should slap someone though since this one set the bar
which is a bummer for anyone over 30 with acne because you want to stay youthful
if you think your face is clean
i decided to give it a try anyway
i don't know why i haven't reviewed it yet
i don't know what i was doing my whole life before this product?
if you go on the internet
do some research about it or talk to a dermatologist it/they will tell you that it can't penetrate the skin
what it does do is sit on top of the skin
they've all promised to not bother my skin
this is the first time an oil product dont break me out
i urge you to look into
f that doesn't bother you this is worth a try
see if maybe there was something similar
i can't say enough positive things
just to see if it really did take everything off
stuck with it using another "light product" to get me through letting the product do its thing
give it time to do its thing
to be honest i wasn't even looking to try this product
i can see a big difference
this cream has done exactly what i wanted it to.
i did not have any sensitivity.
after a few times i did not experience the burning anymore
you can definitely see more of the lid when i use this product
i don't find anything longlasting effects about this product
you don't need much either
it takes a habit to make a difference so no i didn't see instant change in 2 weeks like what is advertised
it does the same thing everytime
this product doesn't seem to make it worse
it hasn't done anything for it
you wouldn't guess it
we can tell a difference if we try to switch to a cheaper or %22new it%22 product
if you aren't seeing the results you want just keep using it every morning
you will see a difference
i can tell when i don't have it on
don't want to take chances with sunscreen
didn't know how this was going to work for me
i don't know how good this product would be on its own
i really noticed that i go through the moisturizer quicker than anything else
you will not be disappointed if you have combo skin like mine
as i do not have any
i don't know how i ever managed
liked the product still didn't see something wrong went on my skin yet
did not notice how strong
it doesn't break me out
could not be anymore pleased
can't live without this product!
does the job like nothing else i've tried
i wouldn't use this all over the face
doesn't break me out
how much i would need to use
you've done it once again!
i really do like the way this makes my skin feel
i don't think i'd get better results than this
i cannot stress enough as to how amazing this product is
see what it can do for you
if you are not using any of the dr
that will keep you foreveryouthful
what can i say, another hit for perricone.
if you're on the fence - try it!
i don't often like to comment on products
i don't feel it on my skin
i would definitely recommend to anyone
if you don't want to take the plunge right away
try it out, you won't regret it!
not bad enough for me to return
there are a couple things that i don't mind about it
this mask does not
makes me you look like you had a full night of sleep
the moment you put it on you feel
i would recommend to everyone
break me out or don't work
doesn't break me out
why do i ever stray??
he asks to use it almost every night now
i don't use this daily
this did not give me breakouts
don't think about it, just buy it!!!
this product did neither
doesn't break me out.
this really does hydrate my face like nothing else
it works really even in just 15-20 minutes if you don't have time to do it for longer
i did not continue using it.
i actually put way too much of this on
it does not create break outs
not sure if it does much more.
this mask does exactly what it says it will
i don't suggest getting if you don't like the scent
i recommend this to everyone!
i don't think i'll be able to live without this
i decided to try an overnight mask to see if it would help
most importantly it didn't make me break out either
the reason why i give it 4 stars instead of the 5 is because i find that it wasn't as hydrating as i would expect it to be
i wish i could give it a 4
i actually really like this mask.
i've come to accept that no matter the skin type you need to hydrate
idk if it really improves my skin though.
like i have to stop myself from wearing this every night because i like it that much
i don't think i've ever given any product 5 stars before
what more could you ask for?
my favourite thing about this mask is that you can wear it while you sleep
gotta say it does what it says it does
i'd recommend using an spf over this if you decide to
patchy no matter what i used or did
i cannot say enough good things about this product
doesn't break me out
if i had to make any sort of complaint
decided to give it a try
i didn't like it as much
try it out you won't be sorry
don't have to worry about forgetting to take it off
wont do winter without it.
this does not leave me with breakouts of any kind
this has honestly become a ride or die for me
this product didn't give me any harsh reactions
sometimes when i don't feel like cleansing i just put this on because it does the same
would recommend to people with sensitive skin like me
i would definitely recommend if you have very dry skin
to those with better skin than me it'll be even better for y'all i'm sure
to start off let me just say that it's really hard for me to find products that don't break me out all across the board
if you've ever tried it
when i apply it
not even kidding my face felt so smooth
it absolutely did not break me out at all
nothing i can't get over
i wouldn't change a thing
'm not sure if that's made a difference in how well it's working
i don't mind it
another plus is that if i leave it on at night it doesn't make me break out
they either didn't moisturizer enough or made me break out
not sure what that was
i just wasn't taking care of my face
i don't usually write reviews
i know there are those it doesn't work for
cuz you never know
it might be just the thing that will do the trick
let me tell you, it is amazing.
i truly don't know how anyone could give this less than 5 stars
this doesn't irritate it at all
so careful how you sleep with this on
i recommend this to everyone!
most stores don't carry them anymore
i think i just need to use something that's specifically for post-acne red marks
many people don't see results right away
give it a bad review
i would recommend to anyone wanting to lighten dark spots
i can't say enough great things about this product
just won't use everyday
it also doesn't make me break out like other products do
once you feel it absorb don't rub anymore because it will bubble up as some people have said
it didn't break me out either
my skin wouldn't absorb it anymore
i only apply a little because otherwise it does not absorb
it definitely does what it claims
i would say my skin is normal
it's wonderful, i would give it a try.
wanted to have something that goes with the fte
this is one of the products that you can't pin point exactly what's good about it
ts more preventative then anything else
i asked what it was
this does that and more.
this doesn't irritate me at all
however i feel like it doesn't really help with my breakouts
i couldn't find it online
it wasn't in my local sephora anymore
it didn't remove all of my make up
for the price i don't feel like i should have to go back in to remove the rest of my eye make up with something else
definitely recommend it for someone who doesn't mind the extra step
i don't know if a cleanser can get more perfect.
don't sleep on this because you'll be sorry you did
it's definitely help make a difference
since it was ptr i figured i'd give it a try
i just tried it
so anything that can remove everything in one go really does it for me
again or until i find something better
i can't say what it is doing for me.
but somehow i like it.
too soon to tell what else it is doing
just make sure you use it day
i couldn't believe it!
any "skin care" benefits they may claim justifies a higher price tag is just not true imo because you're washing any fancy pants ingredients off your face
can't wait to use this bottle up
does not irritate it at all
can't speak as to whether or not it takes off makeup well
i've never found anything better
i don't know whether this cleanser is a bit too strong for me
i am not sure if i will buy this again although i find it quite reasonable
i am curious to see if i can use it in the winter though
makes me want to try others.
just decided to give it a r
i recommend for all skin types honestly.
i like that i'm not dropping alot of money to do so
i mean, who doesn't want to look radiant??
i decided to give it a try
doesn't break me out
this stuff does it all.
besides that it does what it says.
not anymore red than it normally is
i decided to take a chance on this product
the only thing i like better about the perfectly clean is that you can use it on eye makeup
you've gotta try this cleanser!
try it out, you won't be disappointed!
this is definitely one that i would say you can't pass up
sephora please do not ever stop making this!
like that u can use it as a mask too :)
i can tell this product works.
they'll never go away
i rarely write reviews--really less than 5 ever about anything
was afraid to try it
seriously, you need this in your routine!!
i would hate to be 'experessionless'- so this will have to be my botox
it does what it says it does
all i can say is this serum says what it's going to do
it's something that i definitely would buy again
unfortunately i don't think the price is worth how long it lasts
honestly the price is what makes me give it 4
i don't normally write reviews
one for day if you want to try my method
i would suggest them to anyone
i'd give my opinion about it
i really do like the product
i would give this product a try
decided to give it a try
i can't say enough good things about about skin inc
it didn't do a lot to help around my eye area
didn't think it did anything for my face to justify the price
let me tell you
well happily i can tell you that this stuff works
lets be honest if i can find something that fights aging
doesn't break me out then i can justify it
it did not irritate or break me out
i am going to purchase it though so that i can try it more then i will give it 5 stars when i can use it longer to make sure it doesn't break me out
it does miracles in winter
it doesn't look more clear
i decided to try it because my face was so dry
it did not break me out
you don't need to use a lot- i use it a few times a week
ok... lets get real for a second.
most masks dont do much
i really started to feel like everything was mostly a waste of money until i tried this
if you don't have much of a budget
you do need to do it for about a week
you can put whatever you haven't used in the fridge
i find it does work for me
i don't need to do it everyday anymore
because i buy that stuff anyways.
when i use this stuff
let it sit for awhile
i don't usually do a lot of reviews on items
i usually don't get it on my face
convince ourselves to settle for something else
i do not have the best complexion
am debating if i should buy it or not
not sure if i would pay that much
if you can afford this or are able to splurge on something
this one does what it says
i can't wait to use it again!
the only thing is i can't see myself paying $75 for this product
i decided to apply just a bit
i don't know what it is but i'm hooked.
so you can imagine my dilemma
t isn't messy to sleep in if anyone was wondering
not extra special over anything else
for some reason when i ordered this online i didn't realize it was a gel
i carry it everywhere i go esp when travelling.
thought i'd give it a try
i mix them myself based on what i think my skin needs that morning
this acutally makes them shrink.
did not have that problem
to be honest i don't see the result immediately after 1 night
you only need just a tiny bit
i don't think you need to use this everyday
i seriously couldn't believe my eyes.
i guess you get what you pay for!
cant imagine my life now without this.
not knowing that you can actually buy 2 serums
i recommend you do a skin test to figure out which serums you actually need
i am not sure if i will buying it any time soon
you only need just a tiny bit
the season causes you skin to change you can always go back
decided to give them a try
i decided to give it a go
do your skin a favor and say yes to at least one!
i can't go a day without using
i wouldn't give it 5 stars
it does do its job though
decided to give it a try
i didn't personally notice a difference
you could really tell in my face
i figured what the heck, give it a shot.
i am going to keeo using it because it does work
i don't know how they did it
thought to myself yeah right this isn't going to do anything
i do feel it is going to be worth it
if you stop using the serum mean a while
you will recognize the difference of your face line before
this product as it says if you give it a little time
when i first tried it i honestly didn't see any difference
t was hard for me to tell any difference
i'd give it 5 stars if it didn't cost so much.
you're wasting your money.
you do have to follow the instructions
this product does what it says
it does work or me
i can see a good difference
my skin didn't react to it.
i really like the way this feels on my skin when i first apply it
i find this really helps my t-zone
you can definitely tell that my skin is alot tighter than it used to be
her words: "don't stop using this stuff!"
so i'd recommend it to anyone!
this really does what it says
what can i say!
literally you just need a drop of it
i totally recommend this product for anyone.
i cannot go without it!
this stuff does everything it claims to do.
i wear this under my foundation whenever i can
2 drops is all you need
i saw someone say try it as a primer
you can use it for two different things i think it's worth it
don't know about the rest of the face
i could see a big difference right away
decided to give this a try
i honestly didn't have high hopes
the girl told me i could use it under my make-up more like a primer
can't live without it now!
does exactly what it promises to do
i dont really have issues with firmness
decided to try it anyway
even though i dont have these issues
it doesn't take forever to apply like some oils or what not
i dont have many issues
everyone can look a little "tired"
i just see an automatic "lift" i guess you could say
if you want to try something new
especially if you dont use this every day
this did exactly what it says.
this product does what it states
my skin is asking for it
i didn't notice anything amazing with it
thought maybe i wasn't using enough
on a clean face, it does what it says.
a little does go a long way
find that not only does my face look fresh
i wasnt sure what to make of it
thought "hmmm do i really need this in my routine?"
i cant be without now!
this product does what it promises
i am over 65 and this is just what i need.
when you put it on you can actually feel your face tightening
if you apply this all around
what i like about this product is
it does make a difference
i rarely ever write a review because most products do not impress me
i definitely think it won't hurt with more time
it does not disappoint!
i cannot wait to see what my skin looks like over time
i feel like it does exactly what it says it will do
one of the few that does exactly what it says.
make up does not budge!
it will leave your skin feeling heavy if you don't apply it correctly
i would give this 10 stars if i could.
if you're like me
'm not sure if it's giving that much benefit
anyway i do like this balm.
like if i forgot to use it
you would think that all of these facts would combine to give me dry
if you don't have a budget
please never stop making this!
you should get this stuff it works
this does wonders for me
you can use it for absolutely everything
i wish i would've found it sooner
it doesn't really have any leffect on my complexion one way or the other
does not feel heavy
i always have dry skin no matter what i do
and did not break me out.
cant recommend it enough.
i don't see how anyone could call this non-greasy
no miracles happened, unfortunately.
did not break me out
i can't say enough great things about this serum.
though i don't have acne anymore
it sure looked like i did before i used this serum
exactly what i need.
t is easy to pump out too much
also, did not break me out.
it doesn't break me out which is major!
this product does what it says it does.
this stuff is to die for!
this is like my 5th review ever so you know i don't waste my time here for nothing
i can't even put into words.
it does exactly what it says it does.
really hope clarisonic doesn't discontinue this like they tend to do with their products :-
once u swipe this miracle water over your face u see true clean
or if we're taking off makeup to try something else
i want to be sure there's nothing left
and i do all of those things for myself at home.
i can't say enough good things
it does exactly what it claims
i love the way this really does what it says!
is just what i need to tone
it does not irritate it
if i was too lazy to do so
we will see what continued use does
i can't imagine being without it.
you don't need much.
at first i didn't really think it was doing anything
now i cannot go without it
at first i thought what do i need a toner for?
i didn't give the micro water too much thought
i just can directly go to bed
it doesn't take a ton of product to do it
can't live without it now
i don't necessarily want to start my cleansing
cannot recommend it enough
you don't need to use a lot
wanted to try something new
normally i don't write reviews
usually things like this never feel like they've cleansed enough
i seriously cannot live without this.
i completely recommend you all try this product.
it doesn't mean i don't like it as a face cleanser
no matter what i've tried
because makeup remover isn't not something you want to skimp on in terms of how much you're using
it never leaves anything behind
you do have to use quite a bit though
i didn't realize how much dead skin
if i could bathe with this, believe me - i would.
i didn't believe the representative when she said that it helps to even your skin tone
it didn't want to come off.
this product not only does not irritate my skin
if you are sensitive, you need this in your life!
it doesn't irritate me at all
you do not need to wash it off
does the job without giving you red eyes.
i wasn't sure what to expect
if i am in a hurry
i do like this product
does not make me break out
as my face just wouldn't feel clean enough if this was all i ever used
it's the only thing i have right now that takes off my eye make up
it doesn't irritate or bother my super sensitive skin anymore than actual water would
but don't be fooled - it works!
no matter how thoroughly i think i cleanse my face
dr. jart does not disappoint!
doesn't mess with my contacts either
wanted to try something different
don't let the cost of this throw u off as it is 3
please do not discontinue
just go get it.
i can totally tell a difference in my skin if i skip a night
look much saggier when i don't use this plus
trust me, you wont regret this purchase.
i didn't know how i'd feel about this mask
didn't give it a 5 because of the jar
i know it will only get worse
i know i know, its expensive!
let me tell you
when i forget to use this product
i really can't afford not to have this product on h
if you love how a product works as a free sample i don't think that giving one star because you don't want to shell out the money for an actual full-size
you can't expect every drop to be absorbed
this works if you put it on every day
you don't need much, a little goes far.
you can feel it sitting on your face
if you want skin like a baby's
take the plunge and try it, you won't be sorry.
i will get this forevee
anything that helps my skin look
you will either love a product or not see any difference
i cannot recommend this product enough!
it's lasting forever because you get so much out of it
which made me worry that i'd break out
i do like it to an extent
see what i did there
i just wanted a little more bang for my buck
it is hard to describe what it does to my skin
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is that i don't use it quite often
am not sure if it will function well when you use every week
yes i would but again.
whether it really helps to lift
how my skin looks the next morning makes me believe that it does just that
i guess because the product is supposed to firm your skin
you can get a lot of use out of one jar.
my skin did not react to this product
at first i did not like how it felt
i think it helps alot if you massage it in really well before you sleep
just make sure you sleep on your back!
you do not need much at all to cover your entire face
if you travel pack this you'll underst
once you use it
figured i would give it a try
if you want to try this overnight mask without paying close to $100
you really don't notice it on your face
if you want to splurge on something that has instant results
although i don't know if i need a firming mask
i just want to let you know that this mask is absolutely amazing
doesn't break me out
i guess it will help me in the long run because i will say that this a super heavy moisturizer
if it doesn't show results quickly
i tend to give up
i love what it does for my wrinkles
this might not be for you
it does exactly what it says.
you can tell the different the next morning.
you just have to know your skin type.
i could not believe my eyes.
what i like most about this is that you put it on
the fact that you can put it on
but it didn't at all!
then you shouldn't have issues with it getting all over your pillow
they last for ages if you don't put too much on
:-) anyway, about the cream, it really does work.
this means it's great if you sleep alone or don't care what you look like to your partner
believe me it's not a good look
not sure what i'll do when i'm back in a regular relationship
i honestly do not like the way i look without my makeup on
see how it goes
so yes, i would carry on using it, it does work.
i wan't expecting to see anything right away
i feel like maybe people who didn't see noticable results didn't have very deep lines
i rarely ever write reviews mostly because i'm never wowed enough by something to bother
but i have to say this stuff works for me!
now i don't feel like i need to
most people laugh when i tell them i have wrinkles because they don't believe me
can really see the difference
i rarely write reviews but here it is.
but this one did not do that at all.
i literally have no wrinkles there anymore
you can't even see a single wrinkle
i usually don't write reviews
don't know how this st
i know, i know too young to worry about wrinkles.
i don't know if that is the difference or if this product just didn't mesh well with their skin type/needs
dont waste your money .
i can't tell you how well this works long term at getting rid of wrinkles
i can tell you that i immediately noticed a difference under my eyes
it didn't make them go away exactly it just plumped up the skin
probably doesn't do what it says
then i will try something new
if it's not broke, don't fix it!
then duh of course you won't see results
how do you even give it a chance ahah.
take some tlc for yourself
:) you deserve to be your best !
it cant hurt to try.
if you think you dont need this product
don't be scared of the reviews
try it for yourself
or should i say couldn't
still get asked for id everywhere i go
put simply, it works.
tried it out anyway
i don't know why it works for me
worth the $ if you're wanting younger looking skin
this does work but don't expect magic!
did everything it said it would
i can honestly say that this product really really works
see the lines anymore
or give this product a try?
i don't like telling people that i have tried botox
thought i'd give this a try
don't mind spending that
i think you need to apply this before your moisturizer at least that has worked best for me
you can tell they exist
i don't expect them to ever get the really deep ones
i don't expect lasting results
i might just consider botox at that point
nothing actually gets rid of lines
tried botox once & won't do it again.
with this product i don't feel the need to ever do it again
i decided to try this one out
when i don't put it on
this will do just fine
you have to keep using it to see results--wrinkles seem to come back when i skip it
this product doesn't irritate my
make sure you only use it where botox would go
never used it because i didnt think i needed it
i wonder whether they use it correctly
i can't believe how fast it worked
a big part of me had hoped i wouldn't like it because of the price tag
after only a week i can honestly say it's well worth it
it does work if you use it religiously
works right where you apply it
you do feel the tightening right when you apply it
you just need to give it time
no topical is going to do that
this product definitely does fit that claim
the rep explained a couple things that the product instructions did not
nothing else like it right now
i can definitely say it helped me clear up my skin
do not regret it
i actually like the pump
do not have a problem with it
decided to try this one
i can actually tell a major difference when i skin this
which could bother some people
i really do like this!
won't stop using this any time soon!
'm going to continue to use it
i cannot believe that this is really my skin
so i did and i use it with my clarisonic.
cannot wait to start using it again.
i didn't mind it that much cause you'd ultimately end up getting the product you just had to do a couple more pumps to get you there
did wonders for my skin
the reason i didn't give it five stars is that it is really messy
i would absolutely recommend it
it doesn't break you out
i decided to try using this cleanser because i really had nothing to lose at this point
i also don't think it will work well with my clarisonic
even if i skip a day or two with this cleanser my skin doesn't go crazy like it used to
this product doesn't do that.
i am not the person to ask
if you love that mask
if u don't use it for a while
i can't say for absolute certain that it was this product
months of not using that i started breaking out in really bad cystic acne i tried everything i could think of
this helped to clear up any breakouts before this i couldn't go a day without seeing some kind of bump on my face
then it would stop working for me
so i decided to give this a try and it works!!!
i couldn't afford the mask
i don't know how, but it doesn't.
not to mention the fact of how much product there is
definitely try it if you have not already.
i don't break out a lot
when i do its like it never goes away
i did learn over some youtube reviews that it does the job when you massage into your skin
that really did work
i cannot even tell you how many people have said my skin looks amazing
i want to also point out
i won't use anything else but glamglow now!
if you're like me
so when i tried this cleanser i really just thought it would be like everything else before
how wrong was i
believe me even though it is a bit expensive you'll get an other bottle after
i never want to live without it
i decided i couldn't live without it
i don't think ill ever use anything else
to anyone who wants clear
there is no going back
didn't know if i should try something new that also had charcoal in it
first off let me say
if you know you like it get the full size
the mask does nothing to help this.
i would recommend this
which didn't really work
so you definitely have to use your fingers to put it on
which i actually like a lot
was waiting to get another i could tell a difference
wish they'd fix that somehow
i would definitely recommend giving it a shot.
didn't breakout from it either.
that's what we need to clear up our skin
i recommend to give it a try!
didn't get more in time
i would get another
this is the first one thats actually doing what it claims
won't pump product out anymore
tingy if you like that feeling
i didn't really need this one
this didn't bother me though
i didn't worry about any skin issues
after not using it for awhile i do regret it
i feel like like i can really say i have tried everything
it sure did work wonders for me
things that don't do anything or time wasters
i maybe do it twice a week
every time i wonder why i don't do it more often because it pulls so much junk out of my pores
you won't let go of those masks
i don't mind it
i got this on a whim hoping that it would clear up my acne
would use the mask instead of the cleanser if you want better results
i appreciate that the product does have a pump
the wash makes me want to be a better person
i cannot even put into words what this cleanser did to my skin
give it a try, you won't be sorry.
i didn't give it 5 stars because of that
just want to add that i did not purchase it
never would have tried it if it didn't get it for free
as i have combo skin i didnt really want to use an oil
i will never go back to anything else
like all clarins products do
i think it's helped my skin even out
i will not stop using it though since i love it!
i shouldn't have to fight with it so much to get product out
as they suggest you do
if you can afford it
figured i'd give this one a try.
i am not sure if this is a design flaw or if it was just my luck
i cannot remember my skin being so clear
i am always ready to try something new
my only complaint i think would be the pump: it dispenses waaay more than you need to actually remove your makeup
which is something i've always had no matter what i used to cleanse
can't say if this cleanser is appropriate for everyone
i can't believe how nice my skin is.
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars
i prefer using this if i feel like it will really get on my skin or to do a facial massage
you don't even need a cloth
like it either way
this does not irritate my skin or break me out
i make sure not to put this anywhere near my eyes
if you are like me
if you apply this product as instructed
i would recommend this to any
does not break me out
i don't use it unless i feel like my skin needs a really good deep clean
non-congested skin i don't think this would be good
i think i could live without it
is non-foamy which is why i didn't think i would like it at first
i just don't know if it's a "must have
face when you apply it
i wasn't sure about it at first
if you want a little luxury
if you like heavy
this is not the product for you
that's what made me want to purchase the item
you will feel the difference immediately!
i love it and don't want to use anything else.
anything else on my face
i've never come on here to actually write a review
so that should give you an idea about how much i love this cleanser
really does feel clarifying
i don't think it would take of makeup well
that's not what i use it for
it's just not something i could call "worth it" price-wise
i can see why philosophy uses it
this did what the description said it would do.
i don't think philosophy makes a product that i don't like
maybe i'll give it a try again once i run out of my current moisturizer
i don't want to invest too much up front
it makes your skin look like you are 19 years old
i hated it cause no matter what i did
it wouldn't go away
i honestly can't say enough good things about this product
i never write reviews for anything
this product hasn't bothered me at all
it does not cause any reaction whatsoever
i never ever write reviews for products no matter how much i like them or hate them
i don't write reviews but for this, i had to.
is that possible you ask?
it doesn't cause me to break out- if anything helps keep my skin clearer than other products may
if i put too much on
it obviously doesn't deter me from using it
doesn't add a bunch of shine like most do
i wondered if it would work alright in the winter
they didn't work well for me
cant say enough good about this
needless to say, i won't be switching again!
i decided to try this
doesn't break me out
always want to go back to this one
if you don't know if you should get this moisturizer
you really should give it a try
though theirs this scent about it that i don't like
maybe i'm alone in this
definitely would recommend for you to try out.
it doesn't say so here on sephora under how to use
i would recommend this product to anybody with any type of skin woes
not anymore and in such a short time!
just sad i didn't find it sooner.
but i don't like the price point at all.
you don't need much for your skin to feel amazing
it did also make break me out
it just does something, so i'm sticking to it!
totally recommend it for anyone!
i don't know how people are saying it smells good
i can't recommend this enough
i cannot say enough good things about it!
this product motivates me to wash my face at night because i can't wait to apply it
it is hard for me to find any product that doesn't break me out
i never thought i'd stop using it
since it does not have an spf
because it does look a little dewey
i would recommend this product to anyone!
don't know how i will feel log term
it doesn't bother me
you can't feel it at all afterwards
i want to mention i never write reviews.
i decided to give it a try
it leaves my skin feeling super soft that i do not want to use anything on top
i do not look my age
i can't leave my house without this.
didn't want to spend more than $50-55
i like it and would recommend it.
this is the only cream that doesn't do that.
eye dr which i did like both of them
can't speak for how it may work for those
does just what it says.
i don't have that problem
does seem to actually lessen my morning puffies
can't speak on that
i can genuinely say this one actually works
i like it though
i can tell the difference in my skin
it does what it claims
don't see these results
a little really does go a long way so you can be frugal
i don't know what that other reviewer was talking about
what more could you ask for!
definitely worth giving a shot if you have either problem
they didn't help at all
i cannot go a day without this product!
not with this stuff.
it doesn't break me out
you can be more generous if you'd like
expensive, but you get what you pay for.
or sometimes i do a mask.
did not feel like doing my nighttime thing
if i plan on going out
don't know if i will be coming back to my place
it still does the job
i've realized that it just doesn't get much better than this
in this case you get what you pay for
i think it does the job well
i would give this 3
5 stars if i could
did not break me out so kudos to tatcha
this helped me fix it.
if you can only get the oil
get it you will like it
the reason i love this is that i can apply it to a dry face
i would never switch!
i almost didn't even try it
i decided to give it a try
i really think it's helping get extra dirt
doesn't leave any sort of film
don't think i will ever consider another cleanser
i didn't want to like it
needed something that wouldn't break me out
now i don't feel a thing
feel special when you open it
you get the hint
you need this in your life.
i think i had like 2% of make up leftover
which is what i would recommend for this.
you could even just use this to take off your make up
i would definitely recommend following up with another cleanser anyway what am i saying
i never thought i would found a product that would make me look at the mirror all day because i just love how mi skin looks
for me this does not replace my my cleansing routine it's just an addition to it
let me tell you this cleanser saved my skin
idk how much eye makeup other users are using
did not bother my sensitive skin
if you do use oil cleansers then i feel this one is a good one
wouldn't waste a lot of money if i didn't like it
let me tell you
if you're someone like me who hates washing their face because it's super time consuming then you'll probably like this product
i don't know what i was thinking.
i didn't even know how to mentally process these results
i didn't know a cleansing oil could be like this.
after seeing what tatcha can do
i decided to give it a try
when i say a little goes a long way
i really mean it
plus it doesn't make me break out at all
soon as i finish these sample bottles i will definitely splurge to get the full bottle because trust me it's definitely worth it
make sure i get it on anywhere that i have makeup
then apply again to really make sure i have my skin clean
i don't know when i would have gotten around to trying it
it's so expensive that i can't possibly afford it as a broke college student
when i do i use this to take it off
it doesn't sting or anything
i don't even need my normal face wash anymore.
i won't try anything else--this is the holy grail
just might bring myself to splurge
don't be afraid if you have oily skin.
this did not irritate at all
you neeed to go out
you don't use a lot so bonus you don't need to purchase as often
you don't need much so the bottle lasts forever!
didn't break out using this either :)
so simple you don't even have to add water.
but i don't use those on my full face.
didn't expect to like this
doesn't break me out
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
this one didn't disappoint me too
i recommend this to everyone.
couldn't live without it!
i can always tell a difference in my complexion when i skip this step in particular
doesn't make you break out
you really only need two drops on your face
i am guessing someone isn't taking the time to find out how to use it
i decided to give it a try
don't hesitate with this
i didn't once think it could possibly be this to contri
i don't know how credible that research was so you can definitely do your own
i don't get it directly in my eye
i definitely don't think you'll regret adding this in to your skincare routine
i just can't say enough great things about it
i wanted to let everyone know what it has done for me
you get a lot of product
because you know they will not stop bugging you
let my co- worker see/feel how soft this product made my skin immediately
if it works for you
it does not absorb quickly
i don't know why i didn't tried this before!!
i didn't know what to expect from this oil
doesn't make you break out
if you can afford it though- definitely go for it
i needed to try it
if anything it's balanced my skin more then anything i've ever used
you will not be disappointed
if you're struggling to pick your first de product
when you put it on your face you feel nothing
i normally do my face routine
if you're wanting to just try out the de line this is a good starting point
if the price doesn't bother you
so wonder what have i done differently: marula oil
if you don't put too much on
if you put too much on
like i have you can tell the difference in absorption time
let me tell you
i want to put it all over my body!
if you don't want an oily look
i wish i could give this 10 stars!!!
i can't believe how little build up i have
i can't believe how great this stuff works like
i don't know if it's only psychological
i'd heard so many rave reviews about this product that i figured i'd give it a try
i wouldn't really recommend using this product in the morning
'm somewhat careful in what i use
anyway i saw so many people rave about this oil
always scared to try one because i have combo breakout prone skin
i didn't really need another reason to break out
not only does this not cause breakouts
this face oil works like you wouldn't believe.
rarely do i write a review
i can't imagine using anything else now
wanted something that would give me the extra hydration
so, i decided to give this a whirl to go with it.
i honestly think it is worth the money
never want to run out of this
it didn't improve either
can't wait to see how much more my skin will improve
anyone who tries this
didn't seem to absorb well
i can't wait to continue using these products
it doesn't break me out at all so what i do is just put this over the night serum sleep in it
i am also not a fan of the smell however you only smell it if you put it right up to your nose honestly
t wont' stop me from using it
it does absorb very fast if you know how to apply face oil
it unfortunately did not work for me
it doesn't break me out at all it actually helped with my acne so much i'm in love
n love i don't think i will ever use anything else ever
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the price
who honestly cares if it works?
i recommend this to everyone!
then my skin figured out what was going on
it might be doing something
i didn't notice anything outst
if you do decide to splurge on this
you won't regret it :
i didn't know anything about it prior to purchasing
i did not expect it to work.
can't wait to have them all part of my daily skin routine
i really want to try this with the tlc night serum
i couldn't believe it.
let alone after one use
i could not say more amazing things about this product
almost don't believe it
i will never let my face go without this again
you can find the same product
f you think it caused breakouts consider that maybe it was something else
then any oil will do that
i can't wait to see how it works in the long run that's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5
make sure to shake or it wont work
let me put it like this
don't ask questions lol
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
they don't have any color
not seeing the results you want- i recommend you try this
it does what it claims.
if you're afraid of doing a "peel".
this didn't work on my skin right away.
let me tell you
i just do one pump
i didn't expect to love this as much
i didn't want to fall into the hype
good thing that i did
you gotta wear a moisturiser over this serum because it is not meant to be used on it's own
any i did have is gone
i know it'll last a long time
if you're willing to spend a little more then i definitely recommend this stuff
the only reason why i gave it 4 stars is cuz of the price
figured what the heck
i can't say enough good things about it
the only thing i don't like about it is that i can't see inside of the bottle
can't tell exactly how much product is in it
i guess i will find out eventually
i didn't notice much when i first started using it
don't expect miracles from using it just a few days
a half pumps you want to make this stuff last
not knowing when it is going to be empty makes me a little nervous
thinking they'd be a little left
not sure where to look next because i think i found it
i can't even wait to get home tonight to use this again lol
soo i waited for 6 months to write review for the products i use i guess its fair to give a product some time to see results
i don't know how
this product does that
i don't usually write reviews
i always notice a difference when i travel since i don't bring this big bottle with me usually
not wanting to give in
i would highly recommend you try this.
i will never stop using this item
this did not disappoint
didnt think much of it, but tried it anyways.
did not leave any scaring
ahahha give it a try girls/guys.
sensitive skin i can only use this every 2-3 days which i don't mind because this means it will last forever
for skincare that truly works you can not put a price tag on that for me
i can't believe how fast this works
have to be super careful w/ the products that i do use
this, however, didn't break me out (thankfully.)
it doesn't last long
if anything it makes me feel like it's truly working
i believe it does work
let me tell you
give it time to do its magic.
something that won't go away
typically skin care just doesn't excite me too much
i just can't get over it
really couldn't get over how good my skin looked
so you know that it myst be legit
try a sample before you buy the whole thing!
i also don't break out as often
glowing as in i never knew my skin could look like this
i don't wear foundation anymore
i can definitely tell the next morning
i couldn't possibly figure out what would work
as it warns that you might when you first begin use
listen to your skin and stop if needed.
i could go on forever!
thought "what the heck i will give it a try" as i have done with many other products
i noticed some people saying that this made them break out or the product did nothing
although i believe that one product can't work with every single person
i think everyone should give this product some time
you shouldn't expect for one product to fix your skin over one night
if you get bumps
i just can't stop talking about it.
if you are thinking of getting this, do it!!
you will not regret it.
please never stop making this!
so give it a chance to work for you
i would definitely recommend this!
don't let the price tag keep you away from this amazing serum
please never change the formula of this!
i get told regularly i look 35
i decided to try the babyfacial
if i skip a night i notice the difference right away
i can not live without this product!!
you can see that you skin looks more even
i do not have sensitive skin though.
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i cannot tell you how amazing this product is.
definitely a must buy if you have skin texture issues like me
will never do without it!
i didn't feel like it was doing much on the anti-aging front
i did a lot of research
listening to your skin is the best way to do it
if after two weeks my skin isn't having it then i know that product doesn't work
i would 100% recommend this product especially to those who suffer from texture probs
keep in mind that i never write reviews
it's taken me so long to find something that actually works for my skin
doesn't leave me with that tight
ps if you are considering buying only one of the elephant bars
i decided i needed to try them out
you have to try it!
i didn't expect to love it as much as i do
if you've been thinking about picking this up
let me start out my saying
i know it's not for everyone
this does not strip it away
i hate it sometimes when i try something new zits will appear
other than that i am please.
let me tell you
the one thing that i will say is that your face may feel a little dry afterwards
you will have the best skin of your life
i tried this travel set on a whim thinking i'd like the juju bar better
too bad this form is not in anything else!
definitely give it a try!
the bar does not disappear too quickly
you get a lot of use out of one bar
i hope they never stop making this soap!
once you see how clear
i do see my face getting more
i don't know how it works but it sure is magical!
that's not what you want in a face bar.
i don't mind that extra step
i must say somehow it gets better
the bar doesn't look any smaller
my skin doesn't hate me because i've been consistent in using this
i can't speak for others though
so now im not going back
using it the first time i didn't know what to expect
with continued use it really does help clear your skin
i only wish it could come in like a liquid formula in a pump that way it wouldn't have to sit on anything
nothing would go to waste
just don't get it in your eyes
this bar does exactly what it says it will do
you definitely get used to it
i wasnt sure i wanted to buy this cause of this form of soap type
let me tell you that i love this cleanser
it does leave my skin nice
even the ones that say they're not
only problem is when i travel i carry it in the cute little box i got with it
decided i needed to try it
give this a try you won't regret it
please de never stop making this amazing product!
was convinced to give it a try
now i could not care less because it just makes magic
cannot see me using anything else
if your worried about the bar not lasting don't!
don't worry you'll still be able to move your face
wanted to give this a try
safe to say i really like it!
i rarely feel compelled to write reviews
simply couldn't find the right one for my aging
i can't decide if i like this better
i feel that everyone must try it
now i can say for sure this pekee bar is amazing
sometimes i even skip that
i didn't think i would like a bar cleanser
it doesn't make me break out like crazy
without giving me too much
shows they know what they're doing
i just apply some essence
she can't stop telling me how wonderful it is
i can tell it is going to last me a long time
or they would break me out
just wanted to give everyone a little clarification
i can't say enough good things!
you will want to share this with everyone you know
wouldn't think of using any other product to clean my face
didn't want to spend $28 on it
was afraid this would leave the same feeling
i wouldn't think of using anything else
this is what i wanted for my skin
they do go away
i can confirm that is true.
try the combo package and see if you like it.
even if it does cause all my foundation to slide off
i couldn't do without either.
definitely give it a try!
that didn't happen at all!
you can tell that it is getting stuff done
much less anything really
but nothing would work.
it really does fix problem skin.
which is exactly what i wanted
please do consider this.
i can't recommend this bar enough.
that is exactly what it does
when you're using it you think that it isn't going to do anything
this bar does exactly what it says it does
i you use it every day
once you use it
you'll know within the time frame for returns if it will work for you or not
you name it i have it
you must try it!
i didn't know what it expect
i rarely if ever break out anymore
you will see for yourself why i personally love this bar
always wanting to try the next best thing
of course keep it mind that products take time to work so don't expect it to happen over night
i will use this forever
it does not dry you out too much
i like to use this when i feel like my skin needs it rather than every morning or night
if you can only pick one
sensitive so wasn't sure how it would react
i just started using this so can't say too much yet
t doesn't sit in water
you want your soap to last as long as possible
not sure if it has to do with the ph thing or not
i can really tell that my skin does not feel as tight as it did when i would step out of the shower
you can directly use the product on your face
i can't wait to try more products from this br
i rarely feel compelled to write reviews
i don't use it every day
can't go wrong with anything made by this brand.
maybe not noticing anything is a good thing.
so far i don't think this has caused any breakouts
it gave me everything i didn't realize i needed
so get yours quickly before it runs out
decided to try this one
changing your face wash can be either a hit or miss i feel
i don't apply it directly to my skin
sometimes i think it's because our skin can develop intolerance for something
wanted to try it out for awhile before i made my mind up for sure
i would definitely recommend it :-)
it doesn't do any harm
this was the only thing that did
don't hesitate to give this a try especially if you have problematic skin
hope i die before they stop making it
while it didn't fix all those things
you get what you pay for though right?
which is weird bc i did not buy it for that purpose just bought it to see if it maybe this will make my make up application smoother
if you don't have sensitive skin
let me tell you i was blow away
), i decided to give it a try.
i ordered it just to try it
you won't regret it.
i can't say enough good things about this soap!
if you're thinking about buying this
treat your skin to what it needs
can't wait to try the other products in the line.
don't forget the back of your h
that you'll have for the rest of your life
feel i can give a proper review
you only need 4 drops each time you use
i won't go without it ever again!
i can't tell you how much i love this oil!
i don't know how they do it
now i dont need to where so much makeup.
people ask if i got botox, no!
i will never go back
it really did make a difference- finally!
just to see if it's worth the $100 to you
even asked what i was using to look so "glowy"
just give it a try... i'm sure you will love it!
i wish i could use it forever
my budget wont allow that :
i wasn't sure how this would work on my sensitive skin
but it did impress.
but i couldn't hold out forever.
though i feared it would leave me looking oily it most definitely does not
i cannot say enough wonderful things about this product
please try using this product
i literally cannot believe it actually worked so well
nothing else has given me so much glow
thought do i really need this?
please don't ever stop making this
yes it really does
if you can't tell i'm in love with this oil/ serum
although it doesn't advertise this
i am not saying that this will do wonders for everyone
you will see results
you wont regret it.
i really did like the feel of this on my skin.
i can't speak for the anti ageing yet
it does make my 53 years old skin feel like
anytime in between just because i love how it makes me feel
i wouldn't beleive anyone if they had told me these products work so well
m sure most of you won't beleive me either so all i can say is try they for yourself
i would buy it but i dont need it.
u can put it on
did i mention the scent is to die for?
why bother when this is the one?
i don't think i will ever go back to purity
i don't even know we're to begin
this one does not dry me out
it says foaming on it, but i disagree.
that doesn't deter me, though.
i wasn't sure at first if this would work for my skin
i love how you can remove eye make up with it too
recommended to everyone i know
when i don't use this product
if you are not comfortable to buy it then ask for a sample
well this cleanser is so great because it doesn't do none of that
not to the point that you feel your skin is gonna dry out
you do not need much product
it does wonders for my skin
it's going to take something really special to replace this from my daily routine
this doesn't do that at all
does everything it's supposed to.
yet again it didn't disappoint
i would recommend this to anyone!
none of which really did it for me
i hope they never stop making this cleanser
i cant say yet if its good at removing makeup because i havent tried using it for that
i know its wrong
i can't stop feeling how soft my face is
will continue to do so ☺
i always go back to this one
'm careful what i put on my face
i really believe it's a great product no matter what some reviews have said
i'll use it just here
this does not irritate it at all
i probably shouldn't let hiw awesome this face wash is
i can't keep it to myself
i should kick myself for that
it did not disappoint
definitely recommend to try it out!
i do change my pillow case every other day
you might not like this
this does not make me feel more oily
i would reccomend this to anyone!!
this product did not irritate me at all
you can't use it on the eyes however
i don't care because the cream part is more important
it doesn't bother my eyes.
what if there's something better?"
i think this is it.
i couldn't be more happy i did
i can't say enough good things.
please don't stop making this, ever!
i don't exactly feel "cleansed" after i use it
it didn't clear it up
it does not irritate
$3 exfoliant huge mistake don't do this to yourself ever ppl
does exactly what it says it will
love this stuff, will never go without it now!
i can tell you this won't be enough to remove full face makeup
this is my second step when i do wear it
it does really well removing everything else
i don't keep this on my face
i'd actually give this a 4.5, not 5.
not sure if this is making my acne worse or not though
i say try it out!
it does what it says it does
not eye make-up anyway
this does not break me out or cause me any issues
i've never used anything from glamglow
not feel like that
it doesn't seem to break me out.
"they're real" or if they do
doesn't cause my eyes to act up
i see no reason to ever try anything else: it is an incredible product
don't know if it will break me out
when you use it
i honestly didn't know what to expect from the cleanser
korres never lets me down!
i just have not got around to rebuying
didn't need to use a lot either.
otherwise you don't get a well mixed product
i've tried so many that i can't even count.
you won't be sorry
im realistic about these things
if you are tired
i think it does the work in the morning
i forget to put it on people tell me how tired i look
it lets me know this stuff must really be magic
try it, you won't regret it!
i could recognize myself again
it's probably not for daily use, (maybe it is?)
except for those days when i don't get enough sleep
i don't know why this product it has a lot of negative reviews
try it, don't be fooled for the negative reviews.
i wanted to try this to see if maybe it works better
i recommend trying this one out.
you can totally use it over makeup without messing it up
some people liked it some people didn't.
but i do like it!
i do see a difference
the right i didn't
the i used it i knew that i was going to get the full size
never seen anything like it
with sephora's easy return policy there's no reason not to give this a shot
this does exactly what it says
it does what it says
can't say how this product helps with that issue
honestly i didn't even think it was going to work
make you look so awake
felt the need to write this review because it really does work
this product helps if im going out after work
i think some of the reviewers are confused as to what this product promises to do
i don't know why this has so many bad reviews.
no matter how tired i am or am not
this doesn't do anything to correct darkness around the eyes
if you put it on
what i do is put it on first step
i know it's not just me because i've applied it on others the same way
i don't put it on my eye lid however b/c i feel like it irritates it
it also does under your eyes
this is a product i never want to be without
so please don't skip
this does the job
no it will not work miracles
actually know the point of a product before you review it
thought i might need to switch it up
i think i will go back to clinique when this is used up
what more could you ask for?!
btw for all of those saying it didn't help their dark circles
don't knock this products for not doing something it's not designed too
i can't go a day without this product!
i can't believe how quickly
it's great for touch ups during the day when you want that little lift
figuring it probably wouldn't
i couldn't believe how it "lifted"
i believe that if you have more serious bags or bad skin this is probably not going to be a miracle product
it really does make a difference
it does make a difference
it does exactly what it's supposed to
the people complaining about the product not working for their dark circles clearly didn't read what this product does
the worst thing that could happen was i wouldn't like it
i can't wait to see how it works after a week
here's what i mean
recommend this to anyone who has the same skin issues as i do
i can say it's the best thing i have ever tried
the only thing that i can say is ooooooooooh my gosh
does not feel heavy at all
i can't really believe it works better than i ever thought it could
normally i don't write reviews unless it is bad
i don't own any estee lauder because my skin sensitive to it
i can say i'm glad i did you want regret it
i like to use it on my face
only thing i did not like was the dropper packaging
it does go fast
i definitely would like a bottle where you can actually see how much is left
does not leave it dry either
after using this i couldn't go back
i can't imagine using this alone.
i won't get it again
i think it did a really good job of cleaning my face
tried every product you can think of with no results
i will never look back
i don't have anything bad to say honestly.
this didn't not make it worse in any way
you just need a little amount!
if it keeps doing what it's doing i'll definitely be re purchasing it again
what more do you want from a face wash?
does not make me breakout
i really do like this product
it won't stop me from using it
thought i would give this bottle a try
it did not break my skin out
you won't regret it.
please have actually asked my if i got fillers.
this oil is something you should absolutely invest in if you have dry skin
it is the first one that i am able to use that does not break me out
if you don't mind that, then great.
t does bother me a bit
although not enough for me to stop using it
as you can see in the picture
my skin just doesn't look the same when i am not using this serum
it will not do anything dramatic
you will see small difference
i feel like it doesn't interfere with any of my other skin care or makeup
so there wasnt any time to worry about skincare
which i don't find spreads as easily as you might hope
i tried a few things
it is just a really great product if you are someone like me who is constantly on the go
it doesn't break me out at all
the only thing i don't like is the price point
i do feel as though it's helped with my skin's elasticity
couldn't recommend this enough to people of all ages
having a few backups cause i literally can't ever run out of it
i pay it because this product actually works for me
what i can tell you is that this is the only product i've found that helps with my oily skin
but i was so wrong!
this one does not- it's not a "miracle worker"
however i don't know if this is what was making me breakout
i like how it doesn't dry me out either.
i can't even tell you what it is about this product
i think this would even make a great primer.
look like what it said it did
i really want to like it
don't know about the claims though.
did not see any of that for me.
t's difficult to find anything that really does the trick
plus i could just return if it didn't work out
i've had lots of women ask me what foundation i'm wearing bc it looks so natural
in my mid-20s i don't think i really need too many products
everyone must try this.
i wanted to try it anyway
i would definitely recommend if you are not ready to commit to a night cream
decided to give it a try
guess this is just right for me
foundation or you can wear it alone
you need to put the time into it
it does not break me out
it does not make me oily
when i looked into what i could do to help
tends to break out if i use anything too heavy
this stuff doesn't make me break out
this really did the trick
it definitely doesn't make it worse
get you some asap!
decided to give this a try
i'd recommend this to anyone who would listen.
nothing was doing anything
i'd figure whatever i know it might not work with my dull skin
what else could help?
it has no spf so there ya go
i don't even know what words to use to describe it
i do like this product
couldn't ask for more.
you only need one single pump to have enough to go around your whole face
i do feel like i have a glow once putting it on
i cant wait to see the transformation by the end of the tube
i don't use it every day
i do agree that it works more as a primer
i hope it's not this because this serum allows me to go without primer
i would recommend this to everyone!
this one is actually not bad
you may find that something else works better
i don't really see much of a lifting or firm though
i know i'm not that old
i wasnt sure this mask was doing anything at first
i usually don't write reviews
the only thing that i think did not work was the firming
i'd leave it in while doing stuff around the house 30-45 minutes i really don't think you will regret the purchase at all
i didn't expect this to do much based on reviews
i can't recommend it enough
i didn't see any difference at first
i can't speak for the firming aspect as i didn't have much to firm
that didn't seem to bother me once it was applied
next time i apply it i think i will follow other people's reviews
i don't know if the gold in it really does anything
i cannot wait to see how my skin tone changes with regular use
i would only use this mask again if it came in a ptr mask set--i don't think it's worth the $$ for the full size
no product does miracles
i did not think i would be happy with this because of negative reviews
i don't have issues with fine lines
cannot speak to how/if it helps with that concern
you need a little lift
i don't know what my life would be without this mask
you need this mask!
someone else said they leave it on for 30 minutes
so i am going to try that.
am going to give that a try too
you can feel the tightening happening
i like that it doesn't get hard or tight like the glamglow
i can't see how it would work for wrinkles
i don't think you necessarily need this one
i would definitely recommend
we all have those moments- whether it's "that" time of month or if you're just super stressed
if you love your skin you gotta give it a try.
it does exactly what it claims to do.
i can see this is going to help a lot
even when i forget my skin does not break out right away from lack of usage either
which makes me not want to use them
my one comment is make sure your face is clean before using it
i think if i used it on a regular schedule it would really clear my skin
hopefully i can remind myself to use more often.
it does everything it says and then some.
if you don't want to jump in
you save a lot of money
let me tell you it was well worth it
you can see results
i seriously recommend everyone to buy this thing.
just thought i'd let you guys know!
i wouldn't want to use this if i was in a rush to get ready
so that is something to look into if you're on a budget
just see what you think about it
at the size of the bottle if you use it on half of your face everyday i would still think
i literally cannot put into words how much i love this mask
i can't recommend buying the full size until you've tried a sample of it merely because it seems to be hit or miss with many people
i recommend this to everyone.
didn't give it 5 stars only because i wasn't to see if results stay persistent
it does the job
you don't need much product.
it does what it says it will & it's gentle.
you don't have to rub
what more could you ask for!
you will not regret it!
let me just say this the best mask i've ever tried
i can see results right away
this will change your life.
decided to give it a try
this one does it all.
know it's doing something
since i hadn't researched this specific mask i really wasn't sure what to expect
i decided to give it a few more tries
i can't wait to use it again.
normally i don't do face masks because they break me out
no matter what is happening to my skin
don't be afraid because the mask is black
perfect for a girls night or just any day you feel like pampering yourself
don't expect to see any difference
happy to say this mask did not disappoint.
after reading the ingredients you also feel crazy for trying it
i see why it's well recommended.
i didn't feel it burn
so far i like it
it just didnt do the trick
i also don't like how hard it is to remove
i do love how this face mask makes my face look
this mask does not break me out
there is a sample pack which i would recommend if you're not sure how it would work on your face
the next day i usually do not need any cover-up on my face
not sure how anyone says it does
other times it doesn't bother my skin
it isn't too strong that i want to rip my face off
anything i try never seems to do the trick
i never thought i could get skin this soft
i honestly didn't think i'd be into this one the most
overall do not do my skin any justice
this stuff is so amazing i can't even put it into words
it does what it says
10 minutes just doesn't seem long enough to me
i do notice every now
if i use a wrong product it will make me breakout
if you're on the fence or thinking about getting this mask do it
no longer notice anything when i use it
i can't speak more highly of this one
you get a ton of product
you never feel like your skin is cracking when you smile or move your face around
i recommend this to everyone....
i cannot recommend enough.
i do recommend getting a sample first to see if you can tolerate it
i don't usually leave reviews
i would definitely recommend!
when i do wear foundation or anything on my skin i use this product after i take it off
would give yourself some time before you apply after you clean your skin
it does last you a long time though.
wanted to try this one so bad
this mask does what it says it's going to do however i don't think it's worth $60
i still want to try origins
as you might guess
i recommend it to everyone!!
it does not pull the skin at all
i really don't have much to say but: just buy it.
you'll see instant change on your skin
i can't imagine being without
i didnt know what to use to get trid of the tighhtness
don't hesitate to try it.
it's really upsetting seeing the comment below which attacks the product she/he never uses just because someone else's comment is not helpful
because i won't be able to order enough
this one did the job
decided to give it a go
i didn't change anything else in my skin-care routine
i'll never use anything else!
regardless of how i took care of my skin
the oil didn't help
i would say that if someone has dry skin
if it can do wonders on my skin it will more than likely do the same for yours
didn't do anything for my skin other than clean it
n i don't even believe in asking the man
does exactly what it says
definitely try this, you will not regret it.
i literally won't use any other cleanser any more this is my go to from here on out
so let me mention that not only is the soap a wonderful product
i couldn't believe i paid that much in the first place
this does not make me break out
this product not only did what it's supposed to
this did not cause me to look "greasy"
i don't use this product often
it does what it claims
my skin doesn't like it
obviously you need to have a good skin care routine
when ever i try something else i always come back to it
what more could you wish for!
u need to try this product .
when i do i tend to pick
i must say if used correctly this product is like my lover
it does exactly what it says it would
if you read the directions
if you cannot tolerate it for everyday use
you should get great benefits
ask what i've been using
this doesnt bother me at all
let me just say
rarely do i ever comment on what i've purchased
this did the job!
you will not be sorry.
it is clinical strenght so that means application is very important if you wanna get the most out of this product
you only need a little.
you can tell where i've gone with it
'm going to say it did
i would definitely say give it a try.
i will say this
i cant confirm whether its anti aging
i really can't attest to whether or not it is anti-aging
i don't know how anti-aging it is
i gave it a try thinking no way it would beat my love for purity
do your skin a favor
i would definitely recommend this face wash!
can't comment on the anti aging factor as i don't have any wrinkles or anything like that
she won't use anything else now.
now i can't live without it.
does not overdry my skin.
i didn't expect it
can use it for linger before i decide to buy it
which i'm almost certain to do anyway
i don't even know how to put into words how fabulise it is
you don't need more the a dime size of that of gel to give you that clean
yes, yes it can.
couldn't wait to buy more after how great my skin started to look
so you really get a lot of bang for your buck with ptr
you don't need a lot at all
i do recommend it
i cannot believe i have gone so long without knowing about this cleanser
it would not go away
nothing i did helped get rid of it!!
imagine i will get my moneys worth so the old adage is you get what you pay for
if you want the best you pay for it
please don't ever stop making this!
not be good for you
i will never give it up
usually i need something kind of heavy duty
i am super picky when it comes to anything i'm putting on my face
i don't think it helps with "anti-aging"
at first he didn't like this stuff
just because i wanted to try something new
i wish i could give this face wash 100 stars.
you don't need a lot of it to be effective
if you use this
i wish i knew whether or not it was really doing an anti-aging this
i don't feel that when i use this product
especially if i do a home peel or something
otherwise can't do without it
this does the trick
'll do without something else this month
i usually say you forgot to put in your eye cream today
see the difference when he doesn't use it
so this prob won't work for everyone
this product does nothing for me
i do wish it was cheaper
you here that ptr
i never sleep enough
they arent even using it correctly lol fail
luckily i don't have that problem
does what it claims to do
didn't do exactly what i wanted
not sure why some don't like- its super hydrating
when i used this for a couple of weeks i didn't think i saw a big difference
i really did see a difference
guess you get what you pay for
if i find something that works just at good
please do not ever stop making this cream
while it doesn't make them completely disappear it helps a lot
don't like putting anything near them that will irritate them
it works better than anything else i've tried
don't know how it will work for someone suffering with a worse case
you should give it a shot
it's not going to work miracles
for those of you who don't know how to break the tiny beads
i really have no clue why some reviews claim the product was drying
you can feel it working
maybe its just me
it did wonders for him
you dont need a lot
i think i'm gonna have to have surgery to get kid of those babies
i do not have to use as much
this product really did work for me
wanted to find something that would work
couldn,t do without it!
i can honestly see a huge difference
i can see the difference
don't waste your money.
don't care for them very much
are mostly just annoying as they don't seem to do anything
i can see the difference
i do not see the dark eyes i once had
give it a try and stick with it.
decided to decide for myself
can't live without it
then this item is definitely going to work for you
it doesn't eliminate them
didn't expect it to eliminate them
once you try this nothing else will do!
couldn't live without it!
this is for you
i could tell that if i used it more often
hopefully i don't get a faulty pump
i don't want to be without this product!
this is a must have if you know how
if you're super sensitive to smells you might not like it
yes u cant tell how much product is left in the bottle either
nothing can really stop those
however, i do not use everyday.
you get a lot of product
my face used to break out a lot but not anymore.
before i used this product i did not have bad skin
did not irritate it at all
i find that if i do use it every day i dry out more
it's so effective for me i don't even need to use it every day
this stuff never makes me break out
i absolutely would recommend to anyone with combination skin
don't let that fool you
we all do that
don't hesitate and buy it!
hopefully you'll like it as much as i do!
not something for every day
i really recommend letting it sit
i do not think it is too harsh
decided to try something new
i do see a nice difference in my skin, though.
i don't usually write reviews
cant live without it
i didn't really want to spend over 40$ on a cleanser
& i thought i'd give this a go.
i honestly have no clue!
i don't even get monthly breakouts like i did before
let me tell you first the downsides.
i cant decide , im on the edge.
i would recommend it to you in a heartbeat
it does the job of removing oil which is great when you need to
m not sure why it says this stuff is foamy because it really wasnt at all
either way, do not hesitate to buy!
i love this product because it doesn't dry out a lot like the supermud
if i compare this to the supercleanse
it doesn't last long
i don't really see a difference with this one alone
if you want more bang for your buck
they won't come back
you don't need much
also, i do not use it every day.
do not use it every day
i do think it is a good product
if you are considering anything from this br
if you dont like it sephora is great about returns
think it'd not be a good idea
possibly i didn't add quite enough water
be careful if you have sensitive skin as i do not
i decided to try something new
so that's the kind of thing you want from this product
i would definitely recommend this product if you have dry skin
happy when it did just that
your face will thank me later, just try it!
i can't wait to see how else it works
the first thing we looked at were cleansers- i told her i wanted something that wasn't crazy expensive
don't know how else to explain
i see a lot of reviewers saying that it is not hydrating enough
if you are like me
i really don't know where to start
i just use this
i don't think it is
let it be know that i suffer from chronic
i came even believe how soft it makes my skin feel i can't stop touching it
this is the best cleanser i have ever tried i'd recommend it to anyone with any type of skin it is honestly the best cleanser i have ever used
however it does not come up it just gets a really milk you have lather
it didn't break me out either
i didn't think i would like this because of the consistency
it doesn't leave a film on your face which is great
if you're not a fan
then i don't think i'd recommend this product for you
anyway... i really enjoy using this so far.
so far i don't see any difference
any of you out there
it did for me.
that i felt compelled to
no matter what i used
like it doesn't even look like i'm wearing foundation
the littlest thing can break it out
it didn't irritate my face whatsoever
a lot of the reviews i've read have said it doesn't really "cleanse"
you need to read the instructions for it
if you didn't follow the directions properly
nothing in my 29 years looking an trying new things i never thought i would find something so perfect an easy too use
doesn't make me break out
bought this with the comfort of knowing that if it didn't agree with my skin or i didn't like it i could always return it for a refund
this did not do that.
that doesn't bother me at all
i don't have to worry about budgeting for more face wash when i run out
i recommend it to any
you will not be disappointed
i'll keep using it because i know that can happen with switching your skin care regimen
which didn't really seem to do a good job of cleansing
perhaps it's what i need
doesn't break me out
no matter how much facial cream i put on it nothing helped
i will definitely recommend it to people who have oily skin like myself
this is my travel cleanser that works no matter what the climate is wherever i go
doesn't break me out
look that i wanted it to
i decided to try it out
hoping that it wouldn't make me break out
i can say with no regret that i will never use anything else for my daily moisturizing routine
that doesn't bother me
i don't know what it is about it
unless it is going to do wonders for my skin
i don't think it does a ton for anti-aging
would probably look for something else when i restock
i know it's difficult believe
it does kind of leave a film
i began using something else
i know i need to sleep more
can't really say yet if this product is "working" for that or not
this is gentle enough to not bother me at all
thought i would give this a try
it does exactly what it says in the description- hydrate
would recommend this to anyone
which is what i prefer
i don't think any eye cream will ever make it all go away
i am not really sure why others complain about the scent
i cannot recommend it enough!
i would get this sample to give it a try because it does smell a little funny
if the smell really bothers you then i guess try something else
that goes away by the time you've actually applied the product
t doesn't bother me
but it doesn't last, so suck it up people.
i apply this stuff afterwards
you get used to it
i can't believe it
this product did amazing things to my skin that i was starting to think would never happen
you don't need very much
this does what it claims
as i do not underst
i would not describe it as a "soft
i knew i would need to buy the full bottle
it felt so light going on that i didn't think it would do anything
i did not look dry
i would say that if you have the $$ to fork over for the good of your skin
i say get this
i know that if it wasn't for this milk treatment my skin wouldn't be where it's at today
i can't live without it.
if you do not have this product you need it !!!
lol i don't mind the natural scent because it doesn't last more than a minute or so
try it your going to like it.
thought i would give it a try
i do like the pump.
sephora was kind enough to provide me with a bottle to try
i like it and i'll keep using it for sure.
you do get the most bang for your buck
can't claim or confirm this product is the reason
i can only assume
only time will tell.
does not bother my eyes
it hasn't broken me out or anything like that either
i recommend it to everyone.
doesn't really do anything for my acne
at least it doesn't make it worse
careful not to get it in your eyes.
i can't live without it!
i actually really prefer the l'occitane one
it didn't break me out
however- i do not use this on my eyes
so you can imagine that i was super hesitant to put more oil on my skin
didn't care for them at all
i am here to tell you not to be
practically does the same thing
i only need 1 pump to do my whole face.
decided to give this product a try
it's something i can get over since the product works so well
wasn't able to find anything that compares to this
once you "get it
you may find you don't want to use anything else
use whatever is left on my h
honestly i don't get the strong scent some people have mentioned
i actually like it better.
i decided to give cleansing oil a try because i've heard great things
i don't think you are washing your face long enough
i feel like words can't even describe how this feels when i put it on my skin
i can't say enough great things about this oil.
if you're on the fence, just buy it !
it's not a big enough reason for me to stop using the product
i would try this one
the josie maran one to see which you like better
cannot say enough about this one
does not make me break out
figured i would give it a try
i couldn't believe it.
i did a bunch of research online to try
this doesn't break me out
the listing doesn't say how much comes in the bottle
i would get this
i don't even know what to say
i didn't actually expect to love it as much as do
i can't go a day without.
you see instant results!
i can't bring myself to take it back
he didn't think twice
doubt you can use this to take off your eye make up
if you are a frugal person like myself
when in a hurry i use this product
but this is a must if you're traveling.
this would be my holy grail if i went camping or something since it does remove makeup
i'd recommend this to any guy out there for an easy quick evening step before going to bed
if you are worried itll cause oil
you also dont need to use a lot.
may not work for you
however i did go in
you can see how your face gets like a healthy glowy look
i must say that it does work well
i will make sure i'm never without it.
i just would not feel like my face was clean if i didn't wash before
i don't have the energy to apply makeup anymore
etc that would help my skin look
this product was removing stuff from my face that i couldn't even see
i would think that if you are young
i am the type of person who tries a lot of products
i realize that what works for me won't work for everyone
i didn't want to be rude
nothing for me to try
can't stop looking at my face!
does it work miracles
if you want to look alive
this is all you need
perfect for days where you don't want to look made up
i will never go without it again
is also great for days you don't want to wear foundation
for $75 i shouldn't have to do all that
this doesn't cause breakouts which way i love this so much
i didn't like it the first time or two i used it
give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
on days i do not want to wear too much make up
this does the trick
i don't have to think about spf
do not try samples of them anymore
it's enough to for me to get up and go.
once you do that you get a nice
i don't know why this has been getting bad reviews
this is the first one that doesn't do that to me
this color probably won't work for you
what is there not to love?
this stuff did run out fast for me
don't know what it is
all el moisturizers actually do what they say they'll do
i don't have to wait as long in order to apply my primer
i never thought that creme can do more than moisturazing
i didn't have any problem with break outs.
doesn't take forever to sink in
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
if you really want to stay with the algenist look up qvc
don't get blown away enough to remember to review items until now
i don't get the complaints
to give you an idea of what i usually use
even though i do not have wrinkles i decided to use it because i love my sephora samples
if you can get past the smell i'd say give it a try
when i don't use it
i can tell the difference immediately
just didn't brighten like this one does
you don't need a lot for this to be effective.
i cannot afford it
not to the point where you feel like you have something thick on your face
i did not have that experience
which did not bother me
then once you use it you can almost instantly see the results
i don't have too many fine lines
can tell a great difference
doesn't bother me one bit
i can totally tell the improvement of my skin
it seems to work better when you give it a chance to penetrate your skin fully
i actually prefer this one.
have to say i like how my skin looks
i always recommend this one
no matter what age or skin type
i can honestly tell the difference in my skin's texture
who doesn't want to see them go away completely
not everyday because it can get sensitive or as i see necessary with either dr
it didn't even take me 10 days.
i felt compelled to let people like me know there is hope
please know i don't use words like "miracle" often when it comes to skincare
i can't wait for her to begin using it
hopefully she'll start to feel better about her skin like i have
i want to get rid of it
don't let any scent comments deter you.
but it doesn't linger, so i can get past it.
i can't recommend this enough.
not this one i can really tell the difference in my skin
you can not just use this product alone that's not how it is designed
didn't expect this kind of results at all.
i couldn't figure out what it was
if you can look past it
it does seem to live up to the promises!
could not wait to try it tonight
i can not believe how smooth my skin feels.
i don't expect miracles from any product
although it doesn't bother me
i can't even put my finger on what exactly it is that's it's doing
i did not want one with a fragrance to it
this one does not
it's probably too soon to tell
didn't expect to see any results since you usually have to use products for a while before anything happens
i could tell right away that this stuff was working
you can see the effects right away
i am going on the assumption the wrinkles will diminish with time because it is doing everything else it promises
in this case you get what you pay for!
my face will be sure to let me know it by breaking out like crazy
i would recommend that you at least try to get your h
see how it does long-term
i felt compelled to write this review because of the people commenting that this smells like "wet dog"
i don't get it
this serum does everything algenist says it will do
i don't know if this would work with oily skin
i can tell a huge difference in my skin when using this product
it was very visible but not really anymore.
how to use it then you're not going to like it
i hope they never quit making it
it does take some time for your skin to adjust
i love that i can leave it on longer
can't tell if it's really doing anything though.
i couldn't believe it!
if you read the instructions
you would not use this to remove makeup nor does it promote you to do so
if you are unsure please take a sample home to try it out
the cleanser is doing what its suppose to do
/or oranges i would say pass
if you are super unsure please consult with your dermatologist
i just think some
this does not work with a clarisonic
you do kinda feel it on your skin.
if you're someone that likes to do sheet masks
you don't always have the time/ money
this is 100% for you
when i don't have any sheet masks on me or i need a little extra boost i love to throw this on
or if you just want to pamper yourself
i can feel it doing its job with the foaming
i can't wait to use it again.
thought i would give this a try
i will definitely buy again as it does not irritate my sensitive face
did i see the results
must i describe what i looked like?!!
we gotta do something for you
i don't write a lot of reviews on products
you need that glow go for it grl
i can't say that i see a real huge or even significant difference
but i do notice a difference and it's good.
this is a great mask if you need a pick-me-up
as it will make you look
wasn't expecting any miracles
the only hook is that it's so satisfying you may find yourself wanting to do this mask every night
t doesn't bother me too much
i encourage everyone else to use it
you are going to flip!
i cant wait to try more
you won't recognize your skin
try it out you will love it.
this stuff does work
i can tell when i don't use it for a few days.
if you want something to make visible pores smaller this doesn't really help
it does do wonders for break outs
on the off chance i do
i don't know if it expires
it works then after that it is not effective anymore
this one really does help
t is hard to get out
decided to give this gel a try
i know not all products work the same for everyone
i wish i could give this 4 1/2 stars.
helps get rid of them
any time i try to use something else
the next morning i couldn't believe the way my skin looked
trust me i don't write reviews very often
shiny half through out the day or feel like you don't get enough coverage or feel like you have a mask on
it'll last me forever
when you see how after you touch it in the jar
please do not discontinue this product
i cannot live without it
i don't know about its other claims
while i don't advise using it every single day or avoid your dry spots if you do
the good thing about this thing is you can put it on your make up
it doesn't need up your foundation
i cannot say enough good things about this product
it does wonders for my skin!
i didn't realize how small it was going to be
you only need a tap of it
i didn't want to waste $40
not all over your face
was afraid this would make me breakout
when you can get a dude to notice
you know you're onto something good
you can obviously tell it improves your face
you have to try it
you don't need two pumps.
i swear it is minimizing the look of my poursif this isn't magic i don't know what is
if you're like me
so that might bother some people
i do prefer the dior
if you look at their skin they don't look like they're in their late 60's
thought i wouldn't need this one
i always get 27 or 28.
so you actually want to put it on everyday
then this product isn't for you
what can i say
i want a quick pick me up
some people don't seem to like the mix it yourself aspect of this mask
when i want my face to be smooth
i will always keep this in my arsenal when i want a quick fix for flawless looking makeup
cannot tell you how happy i am to find this.
something i can't live without
i don't use it every day
i do not usually write reviews
you don't need to use a lot each time
you don't have to do much work
definitely try this out!
let the product do the work.
one shouldn't write a 2-3 star review cause one can't afford a product
if i could give this product 10 stars i would.
the one thing i don't like is that why don't they fill this up to the top
you can clearly see that it's half full
gentle enough you can use everyday
i didn't even know my skin could feel that good!
it didn't make me break out or anything either
i find it a bit much
can't say enough about it
so you're probably wondering if you really want to spend $40 on this product
i couldn't believe how long it lasted for how often i use it
not even my clarisonic did as good of a job
see for yourself how good of a job it does
i knew i couldn't go wrong with josie maran
cannot say enough good things about it.
you will not be disappointed.
i cannot even begin to explain how amazing this is
i get nervous trying new things on my face because don't wanna breakout
naturally i wanted to try this
you get a lot of each
can't say enough about it
can't say enough good about it
it didn't work for that
i wouldn't recommend using it on lips like the box suggests
i don't like the consistency that it makes
and this does all that for me!
you can use as much or as little as you want.
seriously just get it.
no matter what i would do
i don't write reviews very often nor do i buy full size after a sample
you use so little
will never use anything else
you can add more or less if you want it to be more abrasive
thought i might want to try it
play around with it if you don't like it the first time
once you find the right mix for your skin your foundation will never look better
you don't much for you whole face.
i can't think of anything wrong with this.
i cannot say enough wonderful things about this product
when you put it on
i would definitely like to try this
not too light that i don't see any results
this is something i can use every day without over doing it
this did not aggravate it
as i believe it would irritate my sensitive skin if i use it everyday
i didn't think this would be better but it is.
you have to get the right consistency
it does exactly what it's supposed to
the product does exactly what it is supposed to do
you have to get this
if you're reading this please buy this product!
i figured i would give it a try
you get a lot of it for your $$
if you want smooth
why they wouldn't fill it more
my only issue is i do waste some product bc you have to kind of shake the product out
i just can't say enough good things about her
this does not leave your face shiny or if you have bangs
can't say enough about this product.
i also love how you can use it as a mask.
i can't live without it.
i asked one of my coworkers for help because i've tried practically everything
trust me you will tell a difference
i can see a difference
i don't know how much it has done for fine lines
i am not sure if my skin became used to the product or if it's just done all it can do
it may bother some people
for some reason it does
very rarely do i buy something twice
definitely does not break me out.
i think it helps clear them up
i can't wait to see my results after i finish this 1
i can't see the scars at all anymore
can say i do notice a difference with this one
pores seem to look smaller which i did not believe would happen
even asked what the heck i had done to smell so weird
i figured i'd give it a try anyway
i would give this 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
i never write reviews normally
wanted to try something new
i hardly write a review
thought maybe i would see better results
no matter howgentle the products i use my skin i feel as if it's still not as smooth
if it doesn't work fast, on to the next one.
it does wonders for my skin
i cannot live without it
they don't work for my skin
did not use it
i hope that's what it happening
i can tell you that this is the real deal
you find something that works
if you do also
that is all you need.
which i don't have
i would buy it even if it wasn't so good
what can i say
don't see my self ever stopping
i think this visionnaire is even better
i would do bad things for money if i had to in order to keep using this stuff
i must say this stuff is amazing
i highly recommend it to anyone who wants perfect looking skin
this is literally one of the few products i have ever used that does exactly what it promises
i can't believe it.
it did not let me down
it took only one try to convince me
if you want smooth glowing healthy skin do yourself a favor
i feel like out of all the masks i've tried this one does the best job to clean
i just wanted to try it
i never have breakouts anymore
if you go with the recommended use you go through it quickly
i honestly can't say enough great things about it
and i have tried everything.
thought no product existed that could do what i needed it to
it seriously does what it says it will.
i hope my comment will give you enough persuasion to purchase this because this product is probably my favorite skincare product of all time
don't have to scrub or anything
you need this mask!
thought i'll give it a try
if the mask works like this
i can't wait to see what will happen when i use the serum too
i got this on a whim, to be honest.
not sure what to expect
i got it anyway
if i didn't like it i'd return it
it really does as it says it does.
you gotta try it!
i didn't like it
i notice when i use it back to back nights it doesn't agree with my skin
who knows if it's from this product or my hormones balancing themselves out again?
and woweeeeee this does that oh.
i can't say enough good about this product!
what a mistake that was!
don't let the price talk you out of it.
i don't have to wear foundation anymore-
i like this so much
which is something i rarely do
can't live without it!
you don't need to put any other serums on top of it
you name it i tried it
either irritated or it didn't do anything
let me just say one thing
i can't imagine it not being as amazing as this
i recommend this for anyone who wants a miracle
i can tell a difference already.
this, does not bother me one bit.
i like it so far.
between brows because i don't really have issues anywhere else
down here in florida i can't imagine using this in the morning as directed
can't wait for more of this line.
i really don't mind it though
have you read the ingredients here?
can't wait to try other dermadoctor products.
why have i not heard of this before??
this does the trick.
!i can't believe how good my skin looks.
don't just apply one layer to expect it work really well if u have really dry under eye
would try this if you feel like your eyes look tired asap
i can't believe it.
figured what the heck
i really wish i could post my before
don't get me wrong my eyes didn't look completely wrinkle free
i mean you can still see them
i can't wait to see how my eyes look after using this for awhile
i am not sure whether it does magic
it doesn't matter which one
that's exactly what it does.
how you wouldn't like this product unless you were allergic because it's amazing
honestly i don't think the price is that bad bc you don't need much at all
i don't know how i feel about spending $38 on primer
i would say if you have the money, go for it.
it does what it claims to do
can't go wrong here.
did not work for me
i can't really tell the difference between most primers
don't need something that will control shine
i will admit i haven't even put this on my face yet
i don't even know if ill be able to put it on my face
not sure if i can h
which you should do anyway with all primers
this one does it all.
i think it is the best product you have ever made literally
i can't say enough about this product.
i don't know how i was leaving without it!
t's a little inconvenient for me since i do not like buying things separately
it was the only thing i could find that wouldn't upset my dry
i didn't think you could do it
don't let all the bad reviews discourage you.
i will recommend this to everyone!
you hardly need any to cover your face
i think it actually helps my make-up go on
i didn't realize until i got home that that would mean i would only use it in the morning
i don't usually do this
my skin couldn't be better
i honestly don't think that ill be be changing moisturizer anytime soon
s i try although i like them a lot i'll still break out
don't need to worry about going out in the sun
it does not say anything about dark circles or fine lines
not only did it make the patches go away
i don't know why people keep complaining about how thick it is
so you definitely get your money's worth
i like how it feels going on
this is one of the few i can use that doesn't irritate or burn
need a really good under eye cream or everyone knows how tired i am
this product really does the trick
i can't tell yet
could run your make up
don't have to use as much
i don't really need a lot for daily application
that pot will last me forever!
so this will last you awhile
4 stars because if you apply too much product it can ball up
i would recommend to anyone!
i would recommend this product to anyone!
i didn't notice anything the first h
i would agree if it was for day
you only need a little bit
i love this product because it doesn't irritate my eyes
i don't have that problem anymore.
i didn't know have any problems with this product
i can't believe that i found a treatment that does not do this
this treatment did not bother me at all
i dont have much to compare it to
i did not know about this br
while i don't think it's necessary to spend $40 on a cleanser
when using this product u have to let linger 1-2minutes to get the result
i don't know how it did it
if you invest in your skin care
my skin is just weird once it gets use to it it will stop wrking
don't get it in your eyes
just to put it right out there, i'm real mad.
let's just say i can barely afford lunch today
we're not talking about that right now
i don't know if it was a mistake ceasing use of it last year
or if it was a mistake to use it again
all i know is a mistake was made somewhere along the line because now i've realized i can't live without it
that seemed to do the trick
i don't believe this has caused me to breakout
you have to be careful not to much
they do not work
it works so that doesn't even matter
you don't even notice the smell by night 4 anyway
i couldn't imagine putting this on my face
i decided to give this another try
honestly that did squat for my face
the only thing it's supposed to do that i haven't had it do is help with acne
although i don't have much of that anyhow thankfully
not sure if it's recommended to do that
'm going all in for a bottle
i don't even use it every night
love what it does for my skin
my skin only really does good with this product when i use it a certain way
t will make you look
i can't imagine not using these products
i seriously tried everything for months to get rid of it
would recommend for sure.
this product done everything it said it would do i could put this on at night if i had a problem on my skin
am a stressed student who does not get enough sleep
i don't have any trouble with lines or wrinkles or anything
no one in my family really does
cant speak for how it's helped me there
was hoping that i wouldn't love it because of the price
my skin generally let's me know right away if something won't work
i figured, "why not?"
you where it when you sleep so who cares
i must say that this oil is not what you think
i still never skip this oil
i'll use this and my eye cream, if nothing else.
t eye cream which is so good i can't give it up
you definitely get what you pay for!
this probably won't work out for you
you don't need to use much.
doesn't break me out
it doesn't irritate them
sunday riley never fails to disappoint.
a little goes a long way so keep that in mind when you see the bottle
i can tell a difference the next morning
i could wax poetic about this stuff all night long if you let me
i don't use it every night
unfortunately, i won't be using it any more.
now don't get me wrong
i figured starting a good skincare routine earlier than later isn't gonna hurt at all
at last i don't seem to mind it
that i wouldn't be able to see any difference in the skin
go grab yourself a sample if you've been curious too
i don't think you'll be disappointed
i would definitely recommend this for anyone with texture
really wants to have baby-
i can see them disappearing
'm trying to ignore this
oh darlings if you never try you will never know right i have very sensitive skin i react every time with a new product
they didn't see a change in their skin
i would definitely recommend it!
i do need to put on moisturizer after i use it to make sure i don't get too dry
i won't even go into detail about texture.
i can't wait to try it for a week
i would give it 5 stars
i would recommend it
i would recommend this product to anyone.
i do not use it every night
didn't want to love it because of the price
does everything it claims
heard great things about this so decided to give it a try
i did anyways so now i'm saving to buy
make sure you pay extra attention
you do not want to waiste your money when it breaks
not a word from anyone about how great my skin looked
i won't ever make the mistake of going without sunday riley products again
you only get one face
do not use a lot or you will find that sticky texture some people complain about take little by little
this oil does what it says it will do
it was not so bad
it is not magical oil so you really should give it sometime
if you think that oil will make you break out
you'll want to give this a shot
it just might change your mind
you only need about 3 drops
i recommend it to anyone!
i also want to mention another thing that i liked about this product which is the pump
it dispenses just as much as you need
it leaks so much that i wouldn't dare travel with it in my bag
the nights that i don't use it i can see that i don't have that boost
i can honestly say that after 4 days of using i could see such a difference
g don't go anywhere with out it
this one didn't disappoint
the next morning i couldn't believe me eyes!
this oil does it all
wanted something to counteract how tired my skin can get from work
such a thing didn't seem to exist because it seemed like everything with ceramide
i wasn't going to use it on my whole face
i decided to get this
can't live without it now.
i definitely notice a difference when i use these versus when i skip
even if you use a little spatula to get out everything you can
nor did i breakout
i know they work well
even when i did not pick at my face
it does give results
with no expectations for anything else
i would not hesitate to buy again
it is easy to apply unto my face
you have to try it to know it.
wanted to write a review before i forget
it didn't break me out
i would recommend this product to anyone i know!
i can't wait to keep using it
i will never use anything else.
i cannot say enough good things about it
the fact that you can mix
i could really feel/see a difference
have been feeling i couldn't go anywhere without makeup
i recommend that if you have problematic skin like i do
i look like i have makeup on when i do not.
i can't really explain it
i honestly can't believe how good this stuff is.
i am not inclined to write product reviews unless i really
it didn't cause me to break out
you will see the difference in your skin
you just need to use 2-3 drops.
no more guessing if a product is what you really need
i wanted something to help fine lines
at first it feels like there's nothing going on your skin
i couldn't ask for more
will not go without this
that it's easy to get sucked into the game of trying to figure out which ones actually work
those that do not
im giving this only 4 stars simply because i do not know if this effect is real or just a fluke
everything it says it does
i didn't get my hopes up because i've tried a lot of things to combat my texture
would recommend it to anyone
don't want to be without it
i apply this stuff on my face
it does not sting
i normally don't write reviews
this one i had to say something :-
please give it a try if you have skin issues like mine with pores
this stuff does it almost over night!!
which i get from using new products that don't agree with my skin
i will never give this stuff up
if you want a retinoid that works immediately than this is one to try
i love the fact that it doesn't irritate.
i see what the hype is about .
you will see a difference in your skin.
everyone needs to try it!
didn't know what to expect when i used this
if you're starting to worry about having "aging skin"
assuming it probably wouldn't work anyway
i can see the difference
i would recommend this product to anyone at any age
one drop is all u need!
aging is such bummer when it happens on your face
i don't write a lot of reviews
if it doesn't work right away for you
can't tell i have it on, love it.
though if you pull up on it
ladies when i say this primer is my automatic go to
this product is unlike anything else i've tried.
so you want to pump just a tiny amount
i don't really ever write reviews.
it doesn't take a lot to do the job.
i've paid more for things that i don't like as much
i don't know what's all the fuss about this balling up under foundation it has not been the case i've got a sample before
i think added fragrance is in everything they make?
doesn't move all day
not only does it do all that
thinking to myself "this must be some good stuff
please don't change anything about this product down the line
this product does not react with my skin
i cannot find it anywhere
i do suggest if your putting this under your make wait at least 15 min before you put foundation on
it does what it says
i like that one
you definitely get what you pay for
i find it isn't quite what i expected
find i'm limited in what it'll do for me
so you know this stuff works
i don't use it every day
i plan to use this bottle until it's gone
i don't mind for the benefit of this one
this stuff doesn't seem to bother my skin at all
it's time to order a new one so you don't run out before you have the new bottle
you don't know how long it's been sitting
i can't go a day without this now.
i don't like the packaging because it is hard to tell when you are getting low on it
hey if it delivers what it says
i would recommend still wearing another spf if you normally do
i don't think i've been using this long enough to notice any anti-aging effects
whether i should used this thing
" cannot live without it
i like this when i don't want to wear make up.
this is a suncreen that won't make you feel gross to put on
i don't feel like i have control of how much comes out
really can't believe it doesn't have a higher rating overall
it does exactly what it says it does.
that if you don't protect your skin when you're young
so you can wear it under make-up
it does exactly what it says.
i think this would be nice alone, too!
i do not burn with this
i do not break out
it can change your life, if you let it (i.e.
the instructions don't say anything about "pat" it on
if you pat your foundation on
if you do that
you should only need one pump for your whole face
gotta go to bat for my murad!!!
it didnt bother at all
i do not like put on foundation because of the weather
just put on this and i can leave.
i do not get any pilling
it does make your skin look
try to take really good care of my skin
know that invisiblur is part of that reason
i think you should give it a try since everyone has different skin
the good thing about sephora is that you can always return it if you do not like it
i think that happens when you have something on before using this product because some products just don't mix well together
i figured i would give it a try.
which i know isn't enough to protect from damage
murad will continue to get my money because i can't find a product that is this great
i don't even know where to start or how to explain this
exactly as i like it
can't speak to its layering capablities / pilling issues that others mention since i didn't do this with the sample
my guess is folks not letting enough drying time between products
don't have that problem
you don't need much
i do advise a careful application because ithe doesn't build well if you use too much at once
i love the feel as it can double as a primer
i do think it blurs effectively
i can't explain how much i love this product.
id give it ten stars if i could
i don't really recommend it if you have oily or combination skin
and it doesn't make me break out at all.
you get what you pay for.
this product does not cause any breakouts for me
i like it also because it doesn't dry me out.
i don't know if there is any skin care product that doesn't break me out that could fix there
so the price doesn't bother me.
does everything it says it does
i can definitely tell when i don't use this
i don't think i'll ever go back
even when you think it's not doing anything
i recommend this to everyone!
it does do a decent job if you're not going to use any other moisturizer on your face because you're afraid of extra oils like myself
honestly the best one out there.
price is worth it because you need very little to apply to your whole face
you really do not need to use much
it does just as stated mattifies
it says u can use morning
this is my first review on anything, ever.
this does not have spf unfortunately
no matter what skin type you have
this is for you
it isn't meant to keep you oil free
it doesn't add any oil either
they all make me break out.
that's not really i how i use it
it doesn't spread easily when i put it on
have yet to find anything that does
cannot go a day without using it
but that's all it can do.
i hope they never stop making it
only thing is i wish it contained spf.
i can even tell a difference when i use this on weekends
it really does mattify your skin.
my only complaint is that is doesn't have spf.
this is not it
maybe they should change the name
but once it does, you won't be able to feel it.
this is one that not only does that
it will do the job
i wouldn't call this a mattifier
i didn't know what to expect when i received this as a sample
i didn't expect this to be a miracle
this product did exactly what it said.
is dry if i go without anything
can't go a day without it!!!
this actually did it for me.
i think this is the one
which i absolutely need
it's really hard for me to find anything that i really consider good enough for my permanent routine
don't worry about the price
this stuff does what it says it will
i don't expect it too
this will work wonders for you
i do only under my eyes
could see it mattify my skin
i'll never go without this stuff!
it didn't break me out
not with this stuff
please don't stop making it!!!
it hasn't failed me this time either
i don't need to use a primer after this
i didn't want it to make me break out
i just have to not apply so much
i don't know why it won't let me give it 5 stars
i find that it does work well as a primer
you need to use it for about a week or so before you notice the difference
cannot live without it
let it sit in my reject drawer
i don't know about applying twice a day
it does exactly what it says
so great product if you want to wear it by it self
it does exactly what i need it to do!
it has some color of it's own so you can wear it by itself if you don't like foundation or are in a hurry
one thing that confused me is that the bottle says wear alone or "over" makeup?
this does what it says
i need something to even out my skin tone
the roller clicks to dispense exactly how much to use- not too much
i could really see a difference
this one just did not live up to st
you have to be careful or else you will pump out too much
you cannot put it back in
i crave it if i do not have it.
maybe because i don't tend to tap it in as the instructions say
can't say whether it helps with that
would recommend if for everyone!!
i wanted to give this eye essence a try
didn't expect it to really do anything
you have to give products 90 days before you can see any true results
this did not bother me at all
it does make a difference when u apply it.
yet i didn't notice a big difference on eye bags cuz i don't have heavy ones before using this
i didn't think anything of it
i don't think i've ever used a product that was this effective
i've yet to try anything that works like this does
i don't write a lot of reviews
what can i say, it works!.
but i like this quick fix a lot.
i can't get behind this product enough
try finding products that won't react funny on my face
so don't do that anymore
they haven't led me wrong yet.
this does the trick.
it does exactly what it claims to do
i can't turn back
i never write reviews for anything
i'd give it 15 stars if i could.
i will never look back.
you can't go wrong.
i normally don't write reviews, ever.
i can't go anywhere without it.
can't say enough about it!
i don't even know where to start with this product everything about it is perfect the way my face feels
i cant live without it.
don't know what it would like under make up
if you use too little to try to keep it light
i don't need to use as much primer or foundation
i don't know if i would recommend wearing it under makeup though
how little you need to cover your face
f you're able to add this to your routine
i promise try this and your skin will thank you.
i don't really like this for summer
wouldn't cause my skin to react
i don't even believe that most products work like that
t's not a deal breaker for me
does what no other moisturizer did for me
in which case you may want to try the aqua bomb
this is the only product that did exactly what i needed it to do
i don't know how i would have managed my dryness without it
i love that it doesn't have any oil in it because i can wear it under my makeup
i absolutely love this stuff if you are not sure about trying it do yourself a favor
wow does this help immediately
when i want a little coverage
didn't really like the results
i will never go back to another moisturizer ever again
i didn't use to have much trouble with my skin
it feels like it should!
i can't say enough about this product.
it's great to let it sit on your face a while
these days i try things for myself
if you're on the fence, just buy this stuff!
i can't live without this.
which has never happened with anything else i've tried
don't think i'll ever go back to another lotion
at first i scared to try it out bc i don't want to waste my money
does exactly what its supposed to
it made me realize how much this moisturizer did for my face
you do need to give it a few minutes to absorb.
if you don't have time to wait before applying makeup
seriously go get this
if you are very dry, you need this in your life!
i am hoping there is something better that isn't so sticky
this one doesn't do that.
can't say enough good things about it
in fact, it's the first time that it happens.
it doesn't take much
it doesn't take much.
this doesn't bother it at all
this should work wonders for you
which meant foundation barely did anything
then complain like every skin is the same
did not want to spend the money when i have pretty much lost all hope that anything would work for my skin
let me tell you
it does not feel heavy going on the face
i believe this cleanser was really designed for my skin type because it's the best i've ever used
i don't want to combine it with the clarisonic
i could not figure out what was happening.
also does not break me out
didn't pay much attention
i can see where people say if you have dry skin that it'll make it worse
i won't use anything else now.
but after all i really recommend this !
if you don't mind about the tightness afterwards you will love this
suspect it's gonna be used up very soon
you will not regret it!!
i don't find it to be so
i can't wait to see how it does this summer
not to mention this tube will last me months since you don't need a lot of product
i like how it makes my skin feel
i decided to give this a try
i usually get breakouts about once a week or what not
i will keep using this until something makes me have to stop
i like how this makes my face feel after i use it
i now buy 2 at a time just because i don't want to run out
want an easy way to get it off
this does the trick
i recommend it for everyone.
it doesn't take that much to clean my face
'm hoping i can make it last
this didn't affect it
can't live without it!
seriously i don't think much can be done about that
can't say enough about how much i love it!
doesn't break me out
it doesn't break me out
does what it says
you get so much product with this
i decided to give this a try and its so perfect.
with this i dont have that problem.
not too much or too little.
my own sephora did not carry this
it's weird because they didn't even claim to do that
i would definitely get a sample if you're hesitant
i just don't like the packaging how i can't see how much i have left :/
you get so much product too
normally i can tell in a couple hours if something isn't going to work for me
i can't get enough of this stuff.
this product does exactly that
it doesn't have any spf
please add this to your permanent like sephora!
anyways i would use this after i cleanse my face
i do recommend this product for people with any skin type
probably wouldn't recommend it if you have oily skin though
you don't need much product at all per application
it doesn't absorb so fast that you feel cheated
i normally never write reviews
big difference you need to learn if you care about skincare
don't need to apply a lot to get that effect.
try it & let your skin feel happy!
i figured how bad could it be?
i don't know how true that is
you could really tell the difference with the aqua bomb
you know it's a good product when you actually look forward to applying it
for some dumb reason i thought to try another moisturizer
i won't be without it
it does not irritate
feels like i have nothing on
doesn't break me out
i've tried every sort of moisturizer i could think of over the years
belief really does the trick
it didn't make me break out at all
if you don't want to make the commitment of buying this product go get a sample first
see how you like it
t barely feels like there is any product on your face
i cannot live without this anymore.
i do find myself using a good amount of it
doesn't break me out
can honestly say this is hg material.
i wasn't sure what to think of this product when i first tried it
it's not going to change your skin overnight
this one did that to me
you honestly don't have to use much for it to be effective
that's all i need to keep my skin in check
knew exactly what she was talking about
i really don't have anything bad to say about it.
you can feel it sinking in
i dig it a lot.
i would recommend it to anyone.
it doesn't take much to cover your whole face
doesn't break me out.
i don't see any improvement or anything special
i just don't think it's worth the price considering how fast they get used up
if you're debating it, buy it!
it just didn't do anything in terms of oil control or acne treatment for me
however, it didn't make it worse!
i do like this
you don't waste as many
i can't go back to anything else.
it does not break me out
don't think i would use it during the day
i can't wait to keep using this!
this product is going to convert me
this product does what i need it to do.
dare i say it's one of the best moisturizers sephora has put out there--
i can tell when i'm not using it.
otherwise, i don't see any firming.
i needed something that i could put on my lids
i didn't want to risk running out
so we'll see if it does preventative care
i can definitely feel the difference on the days i skip it
honestly all you need to do is just dab a small amount around you're eyes
i really don't think it firms though.
:) can't wait to try other products.
you can still feel it the next morning
so after months of wondering what else i could possibly do with the cream
i would give it a try on the neck if you don't already have a neck cream of choice or you have an eye cream you favor
i would recommend this cream to anyone.
thought i would try the eye cream
i don't care because i have the best eye cream
so for me it is what i want in an eye cream
i would recommend it.
omg i literally notice a difference after one night haven't found anything that works better
the product does what it claims
doesn't take much product
it wouldn't be my only night product
it really does what it claims to do.
worry about breaking out when i apply any type of cream
if i do this method, won't break out.
and maybe i'll let her in on this one too
after a week of using this product i didn't think it was doing anything
whenever i do apply this
i want the whole line of belif products now.
don't get me wrong
it does what it claims
i definitely recommend this product to any one .
i never thought i'd get rid of these scarrings
so you can imagine my excitement when i did a double take one day
you get a lot of product
this mask does it all
"it wasn't what i expected/didn't peel off properly/don't like that i have to water my face again
or if you're like me
thought i would give it a try
i don't find it repulsive or anything
exactly what it's taking out of your skin
i don't think i've made a dent in what is in there
i gave this mask a try and nothing.
it doesn't feel like it's doing anything
doesn't leave my skin feeling like i did something harsh to it
when i do get them
they will not go away
final thoughts: it's not something you want to use prior to applying makeup
feels like it did in my 20's
don't have to scrimp when applying
i recommend going in
all you need is a little bit
don't need to wait long before applying my next product
i don't care how much you are paying for them
does what it says it's going to do
you don't need a lot of product.
does not make me break out
first of all let me say that i did not buy this to take my make-up off
for that purpose i don't think that it would be very good
especially if you use it with a clarisonic
and i can tell you this is the best you can find.
it did seem to clean well
the first kind i got didn't provide
i didn't want to go towards it at first
i don't know about their age-defying claim
you don't have to tug or pull
im going to be buying the full one asap
i don't see any wrinkles so for 2 years i'd say its doing its job
don't use too much you don't need to- a little goes a long way
then i myself actually did it
it makes you look so much younger
i think this is the one i'm going to keep going back to
i like this because it seems to last forever
don't want to spend a lot
you don't even need a full pump for both undereyes
'll never get rid of the circles entirely
the cream does what it can
i cant speak on if this works for wrinkles because i don't really have them yet
it does what it says
want something that'll really work- pick this little gem up
i don't know why i didn't give this eye cream a try sooner
it would be a honest shame to not make this a staple product
give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
i can honestly say this cream has done wonders for me
can already tell a difference
i said "i must try it!"
please tell me what limited edition means?!
the cream seemed to do nothing
disappear when i apply this
try it, you'll like it....in a big way!
i really don't think you can go wrong
i am a no makeup person so it is perfect for me.
what can i say
im having hard time deciding if i should buy it or not
i wouldnt use it as a night cream of course
this brand has not let me down yet :)!
it feels like i don't have anything on
i give it 5 stars because it does what it says!
i don't clue them in
it would definitely be worth you trying
maybe i didn´t try it too long
tried it on my face anyway
i would of never heard of this if it weren't for the sample
perk because why not.
it really does give you that just woken up
can't speak for that
don't care about the spf i can just buy that separately
my eyes could not
if you are not a bothered
i wouldnt consider it a "light" oil.
decided to give it a try
want a no frills oil that does a great job
i don't know how it would work for oily skin though
i really don't like
it'll change your life.
you can definitely feel a difference even after one time
so don't try it if you don't like that smell
don't normally write reviews
people always comment how good my skin is .
i wasn't convinced that the change had anything to do with the booster
can i just say
let this baby do the rest
i am not sure why
figured sure why not
this did not disappoint
if i like it this much alone
maybe i just like the name "seaberry" too much.
i didn't know what to do with it as i have other facial serums
it was only doing ok
i read some reviews where people complain about the bht
doesn't stick around too much
i really didn't see any different in my skin
i don't know if i'm willing to pay $48 though.
still cant believe it
this did the trick.
i would not know what to do if sephora ever took it out of the collection
you only need like 2 drops
i don't even need to use my clarisonic everyday to get that super clean feeling
i don't use it everyday
do exactly what it says it does.
i can honestly say that this is the best i've ever used
can not say enough about it.
i love the versatility of this cleanser since you can control how much or how little oil you want to use depending on your skin that day
if you're like me
i would give it 5 starts
it did well for me
you will not be disappointed!
we'll see how it works this winter when my skin is sensitive
t's probably good for me to not over-do it
i feel that sometimes 3-4 pumps is just not enough to get the clean that i want
didn't go by so quickly
the thought of putting something oil-related on acne makes me want to run away
since i happen to work in the mall i decided to suck it up
thought it'd give this a go
the only downside is that the pump doesn't let the product go straight into your h
it's definitely worth giving it a shot if you miss feeling your face as soft
you just might fall in love with this product as i did
really wanted to try this wash
meaning it will last a while so you get your money out of it for sure
i would probably say that this is my favorite cleanser i've ever used
seriously you need this.
you just need this in you're life.
i can't use this every day
i wish i could though.
which i don't mind
enjoy the fact you can "customize" this product with how much you want to use of each
nothing works for my acne and i mean nothing.
lets be honest packaging doesn't make a product
i know it's probably worth a try
i then use my clarisonic
they did nothing to help
for $39 you only get 2
for someone like me who barely has a skin regimen or for someone starting out this product does wonders
i don't even need to apply any foundation -- some highlighter
i don't mind the small at alldon't really see a difference when i put it on
still going to see what kind of results i get
i don't know if this stuff "changes my skin"
i didn't see anything special about it
cannot speak as to whether it helps wrinkles or not
i didn't think it would work
honestly, $62 is not a lot of money for this.
if anyone is curious
i don't want to use that until later in life
this product did not break me out
thought i couldn't use one
all i can say that it left me flawless
i can't wait to get it to start using it because now i see the difference with
not sure how the oil holds up on it's own
well, i can tell the difference with this one!
maybe i just didn't use enough- i found that i don't need much anyway to get a lot of coverage
was afraid it would be irritating
as i was sure this would make me break out
i actually now break out when i don't use it
once you apply it
that's neither here nor there
would recommend giving it a try
if you use too much it will leave a white film
you'll quickly learn the proper amount
if you touch your face you can feel it on there
i couldn't live won't out this.
the only reason this doesn't get a 5 star review is because of the scent
doesn't make me breakout
i hope they never quit making it.
i can't say enough great things about it
if you're sensitive to it
you may notice it too
i suppose if money were no object i wouldn't hesitate to
i just don't think i can justify the cost
it truely does work as it says it will.
i don't even bother with foundation anymore
this product does just that
i cannot go a day without it.
i don't want it to run out
you don't need to use a lot
everything else by algenist i give 5 stars
others i can do without
can't wait to get the full size i never would have got this without getting that sample
because algenist does not have a lot of spf products
i don't know if i'd spend $90cad on the full size
can't believe how amazing it is
i can certainly see why
i am not sure if it is hormonal or what i am eating
i never thought id find something that can control oil like this i'm
i couldn't ask for more
i feel like everyone that works there tries to talk me out of algenist products
it doesn't break out my skin either
my friends all ask what i have on.
which i do like
love that i don't need to add spf since it's already in there
you really don't need to
i don't get burned anymore
otherwise i like it.
you only need a little to cover your entire face
if you use the right amount
do not like it's pump
it is not greasy and does not make me break out.
this is the perfect sunscreen if you want to wear just one thing on your face
i got super dry from something else i was using.
i don't need it
doesn't leave me oily at all if i use this alone
forehead will give you the coverage you need
also, don't use too much.
i know spf is the first step
decided to give this one a try
remember do not rub!
doesn't break me out.
it was disgusting then i decided to try this
f you have the same issues
did not burn at all
does that make sense?
just got this but so far i really like it.
i do not find it hard to rub in
this didn't break me out
i would give it 5 stars
i rated it 4 stars because i don't know what a clay mask is supposed to do
which she couldn't say much other than it is a good br
i decided to try it
because you get a lot for your money
the smell did not bother me like some others commented on
you're obviously going to be curious because you don't always get the results you want in one day
it's gentle enough to use a couple times a week if you want
can't 100% tell you that it is
it does work for me, though.
i can't believe that this mask is only $20.
it doesn't bother me
i can honestly say it works just as good
the mask does exactly what it says
once you apply it
after i let it sit a bit
i don't think i've ever even used any
i love the way it changes color to let you know its done
i highly recommend this to anyone who like glamglow
just can't afford it
couldn't ask for better at a better price point
i can't say enough about this mask!
i did the math: glamglow is $40
this did just that
had to come on to let you all know!
t wasn't anything i didn't expect
if you're thinking about it ask for a sample in store first
you won't regret it
then i can apply it without a mess
i recommend this to everyone!
i will say i like the glamglow mask a little bit more
quality of the sephora mask you really can't go wrong
the "what it does" description is spot on
the only thing i don't like is the chunks in it
you have to get over it honestly
f you are sensitive to smells this may not be one for you
i don't know if it was a chemical reaction to another product when i used it or if my skin is just being sensitive like it is with some things
know your skin type
condition before you try it
consult a beauty advisor if you are unsure about trying this product
you don't even need a lot
i don't feel like this mask did anything to help clear up my skin
does just what it claims to do.
you name it, i've tried it.
it doesn't have as many ingredients so you don't get as many benefits
i eventually learnt to ignore it
get it, you won't regret it!
i love the subtle sting it gives– i can actually feel it working
it doesn't bother me one bit
needs a pick me up: this is the mask for you
wanted to wait to try it first
this product does everything it says it does
i refused for awhile to look up the price because i was so sure it was going to be a crazy 60 dollar mask
hopefully if you're sensitive
this won't bother you as well
do consider that if you're thinking of buying this treatment
i can't tell you how much i love this product.
i know of no other product like it
the product is so good that i can ignore it
this mask is seriously everything a person could want in a container
i decided just for that reason i wanted that product
foundation that i use you can still use those stupid little bumps it makes me so mad
i know not everybody has the same skin
it can't work on everyone
i hope this helped someone out
i hate spending a lot of money on a product that doesn't work
you can literally see the difference as soon as you wash it off
you will not be disappointed ;-)
i feel they honestly do the same job!
it didn't do much for that
for this price, you just can't beat it!
see if it does the same for you it's worth it to find out
i honestly feel like this mask works better then the glamglow mask
i honestly use it once a week
u can use it all over ur face or just area's
i don't see how it wouldn't work 4 it
let me tell you this one is my all time favorite
you can see it working as you apply.
you can't go wrong with this one.
thought i'd give it a try
lastly, it did not give me any positive results.
there is not one single bad thing i can say about this face mask
this does everything and more.
sephora won't let you down
does everything it promises!
he even said to order him one lol
the only other thing that i wasn't crazy about was that when it dries
i really don't know what the fuss is all about with the smell
i honestly can't say enough good things about it
can't wait to see what this mask does to my skin long term
i won't do that again because it made it extra oily
you did not disappoint!
but man does it work!!
it doesn't cause breakouts when a lot of stuff has a tendency to do so on me
i can not live without this mask!
i really like what this product does.
i feel like it really does cleanse
not sure if it does much for my skin
i don't mind it that much
can really tell a difference in my skin
isn't that what grandma always told you anyway?
you wanna lose 2 pounds?
this mask does it all
it will change your life
whatever it is that's bugging you
buy yourself this mask
you get so much more product
i cannot recommend this mask enough!
you can really feel it working
you really only need one pump for your whole face
i really do like this stuff
just doesn't help my skin stay clear as well as i would like
this does the exact same thing as the dr br
everything i want in a mask.
i didn't give it 5 stars because i didn't think it made my skin look any different
otherwise you will lose product
it didn't do anything life changing however it was not bad either
after i use this one up id actually probably buy it again
definitely recommend it does the job!
i don't feel anything
i can't wait to use it again
than anything else i've ever used
i would definitely recommend it.
the bubbling as the cleanser sits on your face feels so great i don't even care if it's actually doing anything
i waste too much product trying to cover my whole face
i refuse to buy skin care without testing it out
maybe i need to go back
this doesn't irritate it at all
it's just as good if not better.
i saw this new mask so had to try it asap.
i am gonna buy another before they run out.
if you look at the cryptic instructions it says be sure to close it well
hopefully i didn't ruin it!
i want to cheat and do it more!
it does just that
i love a bit hesitant about using this mask overnight however it did not disappoint
it doesn't add to it
after this mask it did not
i decided to give it a try
if you use too little product you won't get the maximum benefit
if you need it gone in a matter of days this is your stuff
ok so on the first use
didn't make me break out
i don't even notice the smell anymore
i do not wear make up that often
i must say i want to go back
i love how i only use a little to take off my entire make up
for anyone thinking about this i suggest you purchase it
i wanted to try something different
this does just that
if you can get past that you're gucci
i don't see how you could go wrong with this.
i feel it works immediately.
i can see the change in my face in just a week's use
definitely remember you have use this oil every night to really see a difference in your skin though
i know people always say
you can tell a different in your skin
agree with that previous comment on the bottle because if you tip that bottle over you lose a lot of product
i recommend this oil to everyone
not only does it clear
don't apply around your eyes
i didn't expect much from this
i don't know what is :
you need very little to cover your face
it did wonders for my skin
you would think it would be really oily
i can definetly say its worth it
i don't like the feeling of anything sitting on my skin
i can't believe how amazing it is
i did not break out.
cant say i would buy it.
you don't even need to sample it first
i didn't want it to let me down
i especially didn't want to know if i had wasted my money or not
if you're still hesitant to buy this
don't get me wrong
afraid that they were going to break me out
i can't imagine not having this as part of my nightly skin routine
even though i was extra careful anyway
just a few drops was enough to do the trick
didn't want to risk it
i can't believe this did so much for my skin!
definitely give this a try
you have to try this.
then you'll see what i'm talking about
i can only imagine what a week of using this stuff will do
i can't wait to find out
most things i use on my face break me out
i can't say how much it creates a "radiance" for your skin -- i only tried it once
this product does what it says.
this oil does the trick for me
not only do i sleep like a baby
doesn't break me out
i can see the difference in my skin when i use it
do not hesitate to buy this product.
if you are thinking about, go for it!
everything it claims to do
if you can, try this mask!
you will not be disappointed.
i did not want to love it
let the bubbles do their job
i didn't want to love this so much due to the hefty price tag
i would use it every day if i could afford to
try it, you won't be sorry!
i can actually tell the difference right after my first use
it goes a long way if you use it correctly
i definitely want a full size of this, someday.
never had anything like that before!
i decided to try it not really knowing what it was
does everything it claims
you can really feel it working
i cannot tell you in words how amazing this stuff is
you have to try it.
it doesn't seem to want to dispense any more
i will order this stuff again
i would recommend this product to anyone
wouldn't advise using it every single day
you really don't need a lot
i've never found something that 'fixes' my skin like this does
everyone should try this!!!
this product did not irritate or bother my skin at all
i no longer have that problem anymore this stuff is amazing i don't mind the smell at all it might be a little much
i don't mind if it's going to help my skin
i must say that it absolutely does live up to the hype
this doesn't affect my skin in a bad way at all
you can see the glow right after.
i did not know the price tag
immediately thought that i wouldn't like it
i can't wait to see how i look after a few days
i want to use it every day
i can't wait to see the long term results
does not feel too heavy though for me.
you should definitely give it a try
you will not regret it.
my skin is definitely not that of my 20's anymore
mine you i don't use it morning
trying it out yourself
this stuff doesn't irritate it
this did not break me out at all
i decided to try it
told myself it was okay if it had to go back
she asked if i wanted to try it
with whatever moisturizer you are using now you will need to modify the amount you apply when you switch
you just have to use waay less
i decided to try this
wish i can afford it!
i think it will be perfect anytime of the year.
i wasn't for sure if i would love this or not
if you experience talking
you don't need a lot as it is thick
don't worry- you will not carry it with you throughout the day
you won't feel tight after using this.
figured i'd give this a try too
to me its just enough
not enough to give me a headache
it's all i can see
first let me say i didn't expect much
did not know what this was for
look it up on here
does exactly what i want
theres not a day that goes by where i dont use this
this is not for you
you get used to it
my skin knows when i run out of this product!
you would think it would make it "heavy"
this stuff does not irritate it at all
because i was sure that it would break me out
i can't use anything else
i can't see using this on my face for some reason
i didn't break me out what so ever
this does the job
figured what the heck
you get your moneys' worth
think it does what it claims to do
i don't know why people complain about this product
i've never felt anything like it!!
it didn't at all with this
i didn't think it would be right for my normal to dry skin- i was mistaken
you'll see that the mask actually draws all of it out
that's all you need
can't wait to keep using it
i decided to try it
usually don't stray from what i know works
this lightweight mask does everything i want to do in just about 10 or 15 minutes
which is perfect when you don't want to do a full spa treatment
you may not even need foundation after you've just used this
i cannot wait to use again!
this one is for you
i dont notice any real size reduction.
yes get on it.
but you should purshase this for sure :)
truly a life saver if i have a pimple i want to get rid of the next day
i know a few others who don't like the smell.
a little goes a long way so don't let the price scare you off
i really do see the difference
don't let the price of it sway you because it's magic
does what it claims to do
the product does go a long way
ask for a sample if this sounds like a product for you
beware- you probably won't want to live without it after your first use
this is a case for "you get what you pay for"
literally could see a difference right away
will forever recommend this mask
i find myself not wanting to wear make-up anymore
i do not regret it at all
please note it's 2 different masks i owe both of them as well the glam i use once every 2-3 weeks only
try it out you won't be disappointed it's a great product to have
i didn't even think i had pores until i tried this mask
i didn't think any clay mask would ever work as they claimed till i tried this one
this mask did not burn or make me break out
you feel like your skin can really breathe after using this mask- needless to say i immediately went out
that doesn't even mean anything
it didn't smell bad or anything i just thought i wasn't going to like it at all
i own like all of them
i also don't want my skin to stop reacting to this mask
t gives you the impression that it's working
it did clear my skin like nothing else ever has
now only apply to my t-zone
if you are like me
i want to use this over
i can see the dirty stuff are coming out,
not really see any results
this product did not irritate it
i wouldn't normally spend this much money on a mask
thought i would try this mask for a change
the day after i use it i wonder why my skin looks so good
then i remember that i used this mask
let alone one that can impress me
it's like you can't move your face
clean after i almost didn't want to put on moisturizer you will not regret this purchase
i said "what the heck"
let me tell you
help these bad boys tighten up so honestly there was nothing to lose
couldn't help you there although from other reviews i have read it accommodates sensitive skin- just remember not everything works for everyone
i didn't notice any "instant" results like the name implies
i guess it did its job
i love this mask and suggest it all the time!
this mask does what it says it will
it's a little difficult to tell when you're supposed to wash it off
i tell you it's barely a problem
i did get used to it though
i can honestly say i've seen real results
you can tell this mask is doing some good stuff to your skin
they are 2 products i don't think compare to the mask
i must recommend you try this if you have skin like mine
the ingredients also made me want to try this out :
i like to do this mask once a week to really get the oil
i recommend this mask to everyone!
this is exactly what i want in a clay mask.
thought i'd try this out
i don't have as many bumps anymore its just great
it does help a lot
i don't know if this mask works wonders because my skin is fairly clear
which i'm not really supposed to do
guess i should post another review after i try that out
i cannot recommend this enough!
i can tell a difference if i forget to use it the 2x a week recommendation
if i skip one or two nights i can definitely tell
the good thing is that this mask won't dry out your face so you really can use it every night
the only thing i don't like much about this mask is i don't really feel/see the results in which it states to provide
this one does what it says it will do.
it surely does wonders!
f you have sensitive skin i would recommend not using this as often
i recommend it to everyone
they say you can just rub it in too
i would recommend it!
i don't normally review
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
none do for me what caudalie products do
i always go back to it
i wish they had better instructions on how much product you need
i can't wear it overnight because it works too well
you will feel you skin never had that smooth before
it does just sit on your skin
like all caudalie products do
even if you use very little
this has not made me any oiler either.
you don't need to apply a lot
this was not just for me
i only can do it in the shower
it's about what i expected
you don't need much at all for results either.
no plans on trying something else
you need this mask
you can feel it tingle letting you know it's working
do not let it on more than 5 minutes because anything longer could cause you to break out
really does what it says
be it can cause you to break out which is why i only give it 4 stars
can't go wrong with this mask.
i'll definitely recommend this to everyone!
this probably isn't your best option
i tried them all
this is why i like this clinique mask
wouldn't recommend using this back-to-back
i don't think it claims to do that
it didn't make me break out
i tend to breakout using everything.
i don't use it all over
my skin looks so nice after using this i feel like i could actually go out without foundation
it really does mattify your face
makes you look like you have no pores
- i will definitely be going to sephora asap to pick some up
i can't say that it did more than a drug store br
when i apply it
i honestly did not know what to expect.
if you can get past the smell
you won't regret it
i literally can't believe it.
luckily i don't seem to notice it after about an hour of applying
i never have break outs anymore
this oil on it's own does do a lot for the skin
i can't believe it.
he didn't seem to notice this at all
t will last forever
i can't be without it now.
i didn't want to like this product
i think that's good because you can use less of it
i believe that this will be a hg for me
you won't lose one single drop to the packaging.
please be careful to never knock the bottle over
not that this would be remotely easy to do!
it's not going anywhere unless you do something nutty
i can literally say i will buy this full size asap
however, i wouldnt go to bed with it on my face.
i couldn't believe it was real.
i cannot explain how much this product has changed my skin
it didn't immediately brighten my face or do anything super special
i would give this 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
it does a good job but maybe not for $40
it doesn't break me out
i just felt the need to write a review cause all the ones i've read were either love it or hate it
just cause it works for my dry skin doesn't mean it'll work for yours
for no specific reason because i have near perfect skin i just like extra steps in my beauty routine lol
i dont think i have ever seen a mask leave such long lasting results
i can't think of anything i don't like about this product
i can't wait to use it again !
to be honest i didn't expect to be super crazy about this
not the case with this stuff...
if you are obsessed like me just go out
you will not regret it!
i am so pleasantly surprised to use something that actually does what it says it's suppose to
i wanted something that would help with that
definitely give it a try!
my skin did not reject it at all
it does exactly what it should
so far, it does exactly what it says.
we'll see i guess
it's when you're deciding what will touch your skin for months
the only thing i wasn't satisfied with is that it didn't do a very good job at taking off eye makeup
i don't use much make-up
what's the best is that it doesn't burn my eyes
cant find anything i like more
why don't more people do that?
never had the guts to commit to something that hard core
i don't know if it will be an issue for anyone else
i find no issues there if i am careful
it does what it claims
you know when you've made your makeup something fierce
you just don't want to take off your makeup?
if you do not like that
was really trying to find something that wouldn't be so harsh on my face
i don't miss a day
they do not compare to this
my skin just does not like it
the only thing is that i wish it was a bigger jar like it cosmetics
i didn't know how to use it at first
i do like this product though
i don't know what it is about this product
they don't compare to this one
this is one product that i can actually say that i can't live without
what i do wear it takes off
if you wear a pretty good amount of coverage
it really does disappear--all of my eye make up gone
this really does remove everything you've applied to your face
refreshing that i just want to use it in the morning again
i tend to wear a lot
not as much as i usually do
i urge you to try it
the only disappointing thing is that you can't remove eye make-up with it
t doesn't bother me
i would play around with how much product you personally need in order to get all your make up off
i don't need to double-cleanse, but i usually do.
you only need a little bit
till this day i don't know what caused it
i am obsessed with making sure it never happens again if i can help it
i can't say enough good things!!!!
it really does take off ur make up
so you can imagine that i have exhausted every product in attempts to not look like a lizard
i literally cannot get over this stuff
f you struggle with those please give this a try
worries me because i wonder if the product is just sitting on my face
i like to try skincare so not sure if i'll commit
my only warning is that it's so effective you may want to watch your face in sections
it doesn't look like it all came off until you rub
that being said unless you are double cleansing i don't think this product would work for you
i decided to give it a try
if you follow the instructions
like don't get it in your eye
i would recommend this for someone who is starting an ab product routine
it's on my to stay list for sure!
no matter what i tried
i don't want use anything to strong to clean my face
decided to give this a try
do not use on your eyes
unfortunately this type of cleanser was just not for me
it's exactly what i need to get started on a br
it is hardly anything
t is perfect as i don't get that tight feeling after use
i can't imagine anyone not benefitting from it because it has helped me so much
the smell isn't what i would want
he is always asking me to feel how soft his skin is
i just don't really like the bottle .
does everything it claims and more!
i must say...this product works wonders.
was convinced to give it a try
hardly anything makes a difference or it makes my makeup look so dry
knowing i could just return it if i hated it
i don't know how they made this so wonderful
don't know where the oil has gone
u don't want to put this under your eyes or get it on your lips
i would not recommend this for anyone with dry skin
figured i'd give it a try anyway
want a good clean to start your day
said it would do wonders for my skin
t is hard to tell whether this is a result of me showing my skin some love
it is hard to tell what effect each product is having on it's own
i would not necessarily recommend this on it's own
if you're going to splurge on the line
i would recommend it
you wont regret it!
did not break me out and not greasy.
would recommend this to anyone!
couldn't get rid of it on my own
i wouldn't say it firmed anything up
why not just use your face cream?
it really does all the things it claims.
no matter what i tried
i will definitely recommend it.
let it sit like a mask
i can definitely see the difference
i can truly tell on the days that i don't use it.
apparently so does my fiancé who seems to be using it almost more than me haha definitely two thumbs up for this one
the stick doesn't really work for me
you will too if you use it as directed
t is very easy to apply
i don't regret it one bit
once u get going it scrubs very well
otherwise it does make my skin feel nice
make sure you leave it on there for a bit
i don't know how
if i don't use it i might break out sometimes.
i like that i can take a little bit
please never stop making this product boscia!
i didn't like how the video made it seems so easy to use
i don't feel like i have to set it as much
decided to give this a try
you should try it!
agter 2 uses i can see and feel the difference.
also don't twist it too much because you will lose product
it doesn't get rid of everything immediately
work it in with your fingers then let it sit for like 5 minutes to get the best results
i would definitely recommend this product.
i can honestly say it worked
i didn't know a thing about this product.
did nothing for me.
i could actually tell the difference
i recommend trying it!
when i tell you i can't go without this cleanser i mean it
i decided to try something new
'd like to add that just when you think you're out of this product
i don't use it everyday
the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the packaging
the only thing i do not care for is the twist up stick
he never asked me
i could tell they were annoying him
easy application i could at least get him to try it
it does a pretty good job when you use it as a wash
let it sit a bit
have used maybe a third of the stick from what i can tell
decided to change things up
but do not use the cap unless you are packing it!
don't let it dry it will ruin the bar on you
i don't think you need to use a centimeter of product for each use
i don't like using it every day
i agree it can get messy
it does seem like a lot for one stick
i really didn't expect to notice such a big difference
i can tell a huge difference
i must say i like it a lot
the only issue i have is that you really can't use it as a stick
i cant say for sure if it was this product that caused it
this stick does the trick
only if you use it properly
never using anything else again
i thnk i put a little too much on my fafe the first time
why people keep saying it "melts"
it can get a little messy but i don't mind it.
i've read a lot of reviews that suggest that the stick-form doesn't work
it does not take much product per use
it didn't work when i would try
you can also take some out of the stick with your h
i don't mind the stick form.
this product does what it claims to do!
as usual, boscia products never let me down.
i do recommend using your fingers
please give this a try you wont regret it.
i wasn't sure what to expect
i will try to clear up what i wondered about.
wanted to try the stick
you won't miss out by using the stick
or anything that was said that could help clear my blackheads
i could not recommend it more.
they just wouldn't go away
you don't need to use much
so one bottle will last you long i guess
the only quibble is that it is kind of hard to apply
because it truly does spread
like the others i do not use it directly on my face
i really like this stick treatment.
i don't know if this would be good for people with dry skin unless you just used it periodically
no way can i turn the h
once i finally get it on, it does the job.
if you're always on the go, this is for you.
you only need 1 pump
this product does give you a 'glow'
i hate giving a product a bad review just because it didn't work for my skin type
just means it didn't work for me
i don't want to say greasy
if you wanna glow, get this.
i didnt give full 5 stars because i dont like the smell
but i still gonna use it tho
put off using it for the longest because i didn't know how to use it
i really can't wait until i buy the actual bottle
i will forever use this!
the scent doesn't bother me the way it has some other reviewers
i can't do without it
i could see the difference too.
unfortunately it's not available anywhere right now
it won't make my face look oiler
i could talk for hours about how bad my skin was
i can't imagine ever going back
i do love the glow that comes from using this product though
when you apply it
if you're not sure try a sample.
i can't imagine ever using anything else
i ca see why its a bit let down
does not leave any film
it does not linger very long
this does not do that at all because it absorbs completely
does not just sit on top of the skin
would definitely recommend this!
you don't need much.
i didn't notice any lift to my skin
i don't think any topical products can do that
i just don't like the feeling or appearance
so i never use them.
so don't worry about that
i don't understand the complainers.
starting to learn what this crepiness is that people talk about
i guess my sense of smell must not be working because i just don't get it
you won't regret the results
now don't want to go without it
figured i'd give this a try too
i can really see the difference now!
as it says to do
when i apply it
i can't use a lot of face products because they inevitably make me break out the next day
it does make the color more even
i don't write reviews often
first off, i never write reviews for anything!
really did not want to like this product
this did not bother me at all
i don't break out a lot
i can definitely tell the difference when i use this mask
product specific: i do think flashmud is a little overpriced for the amount you get
dare i say luminous
trust me this mask works just make sure you aren't to sparing with it be generous your skin will thank you :
i did not feel it burning at all
somebody posted a really long review about this product
i can't wait to see what it does after long term use
not too sure quite yet.
00 on something i don't know if it works or not
the face mask i didn't even know i needed.
you know its really working
i can't really say that anything is better than this that i have tried
i do not leave reviews often
i didn't use it every day
i can tell you in all honesty that in three days time
i didn't expect it to happen so quickly
do not be alarmed as you will see your pores get bigger
they do more for your skin
please try it, it might change your life.
it does wonders for my skin.
we're shocked to hear i had no make up on
this one does not irritate my skin at all
i could never justify paying this much on something so small
because you get what you pay for
when i do that
if you're debating which glamglow mask to try
yet still does a lot
this is my third time ordering this mask- i just cannot get enough of it
i like it, i really do.
i wanted to try this because of all the hype
i did not regret it
let me tell you how i used this product once
it really does even out the skin.
which is fine i don't expect it to be a miracle worker where my freckles will go away
decided why not try it too lol
i don't have to use this often on my bottom
it goes without saying
i never did my research on what each glam glow mask did for you
not knowing if it would work for me
love it, can't live without now
it does what it says
worth a try if you want to brighten your skin
i cannot take a little bit
if you like the algenist mask
im going to go with what works
i do love that they sell a mini for those who just want to try it
did not like not having it
you won't regret it!
had never tried anything
i can certainly see the results.
this mask does everything i would want in a mask
i can't say enough about how great this mask it.
this stuff does it
not too sure what to think of this smell yet
i can't believe how fast the results are!
you will get a lot of uses out of this stuff
she didn't even know i used a mask!
but let me tell you, this stuff is the bomb.
i like to use it on my face
my eye area even though it doesn't recommend it
you can feel it working on your skin
if i have to go out
this mask really does what it says
t goes a long way
does what it says it does
i noticed that i did have a few zits which it really didn't do much for
someone else's results may not work for them
can work for you
this one definitely did not let me down
they wanted to know what i did differently.
or else you won't keep the results
you don't use a lot
you never know when you will neeed to freshen up
this is a quick way where you can get rid of oil
you can't beat that
definitely bring this when you're travelling
you will not regret it
i recommend this mask for a special occasion when you need your skin to behave the best before an event
the light scent does not bother me at all.
let me tell you this is the real deal
try it, you will love it❤️
well i don't know what this has
never tried anything like them before!
i can totally see the difference i look so much younger
so far i like it
this product does not cause me to break out more
let them sit n my drawer
could not believe the diference
it does all what it says.
that's not going to happen
so there you have it.
i wasn't really going into this thinking it would actually work
i couldn't comprehend that something so small
at first i thought there is no way this tiny foil packet will do everything it says
this is my "go-to" treatment when i want to look good that night
don't use regularly-just when i want great skin right away
i don't usually see results from any face products
this one does - and more.
if you can afford it
use this product if you want smooth
i want to use it every day.
not gotten a compliment or a question if i've done something different to my skin
after trying it i knew i needed to buy it.
i can't wait to see what other products this company will make
i did not expect this to do anything
i entertain often so i need to look my best.
it is so easy to apply
i find that i don't hardly need all the primers
i would and do recommend this to anyone!
if you flinch at the price
you shouldn't because it works plus you won't be buying all that extra product anymore
'm always hesitant that anything can make me look younger
it is instant i assure you
i love that i can go to my normal product routine right after
i recommend this to everyone!
f you do have really sensitive skin this may not be the mask for you
after i tried this one i think it's my go too
do not let the low price fool you this stuff is amazing
have little bumps under your skin that seems to never go away no matter what you use?
could never get rid of them until i tried this
please never stop making this, origins.
i see a difference when i use this versus when i don't
if you want the flawless
i don't get amazing results
this does just that
let it sit then i decided to use it again
what is nice that is even if i apply this mask before bed
i cannot say how much i love this mask!!
will continue to buy it it has saved my skin i couldn't say better things about it
if you're on the fence about trying it
absolutely recommend it to anyone regardless of your skin type
you can't beat the price point either
you instantly feel the effects of this mask once you put it on
i would definitely recommend.
i didnt think it did anything to my skin
that doesn't work well
did exactly what it says it would do
decided to give it a try
it does not irritate my skin or makes it look red whatsoever
which is what it's meant to do
if you go about your normal skin care routine after you'll be fine
does not necessarily prevent breakouts personally
did exactly what it said it would do.
i want everyone to try this mask!!
now i don't even use a foundation
this mask really did not disappoint
i honestly thought it wasn't going to be anything special
when they say retexturizing, they mean it.
i can't wait to try your other masks!
this one did not
just make sure you really do keep it away from your eyes
i would imagine if it got too close to your eyes it would cause some irritation
you don't have to use too much
if your on the fence this is a must try.
does what it says!
i can't say enough good about this stuff
the only thing is i find if i use it
not too sure why
maybe i'm the only one that happens to
honestly though, try it.
you get so much for your money!
i don't know if it claims to do that
you'll see it for yourself once you see the smooth
i did not find the mask difficult to remove
i can't say enough good things about this product
i would recommend this to everyone!
when you do put it on for the first time it does tingle
so just give it a chance
this is a face mask you can tell a difference the next day
let me tell you i can immediately feel a drastic difference in my skins texture
buy this if you have the chance!
i wasn't sure what to expect but let me tell you.
i couldn't believe the difference after one use
i would definitely recommend this
i cannot wait to use it again!
i want everyone to see how even
personally, it did nothing for me.
after the mask of off it does what it said!
this mask just did wonders on my face
i could not recommend it more.
it really does "retexturize" my skin
needed something to help me out
once i started to do that
i could definitely see a difference
decided to give it a try
then you're in for a treat
it does remind me of dior dreamskin
a must buy if you love guerlain
with this product i definitely don't need to: it makes my skin tone even
does everything it says and more!
seems to do the trick
my advice is just to make sure you don't cake it on
let's see what happens
'm trying makeup without it to see what happens
when i do use it all over doesn't make my t-zone too oily
this product does neither!
this didn't irritate at all
it doesn't make me break out
doesn't make me breakout
this however doesn't do that
don't need anti-aging just yet
i will never use anything else again.
figured i'd give this one a try
can't wear anything too heavy or i break out
this is my to-go moisturizer when i don't know what to buy
it does not do anything anti-aging
for only $4 you can beat this!
wish you would reseal them shut as you do not need to use the whole thing for one night
it didn't cause me to break out
they do wonders for my skin
does what it says it will.
if you don't apply it thick you'll be able to get a lot of uses in
they don't hurt the pocket either
would b even bette r if they came in some thing u cld close
not only did i wake up with amazing skin
'll write another review after i feel this out
because i didn't want it to last too long
did nothing for me even with generous application
for the price you really can't beat giving them a try
can't wait to try the others
have no problem going to bed
i would definitely reorder it
i totally recommend it for anyone.
what do you expect?
anyways they really do work
i recommend buying if you don't mind overnight face masks
when you put it you feel so fresh
when you wake up you just have a new skin
can't wait to try the others!
you could get 2-5 uses
ts not too much of a big issue for me
i recommend it to everyone
i think i just prefer to go to sleep with a clean face
i think if you can get over that
if that's a struggle for you
like everyone else has mentioned
everytime i use one of these masks i know i'm going to wake up with amazing looking
after reading the reviews i decided to give it a try
it did not irritate me whatsoever
i must say not only is this little guy enough for two uses
please bring it back!
you can imagine my surprise when
(you'll get about 4-6 uses out of each).
you see a difference after the first try.
i could have left the house just looking like that which normally i wouldn't do
t is amazing how many mask come in that container when you don't need a lot
everytime i go to sephora i buy a couple of them
i can't wait to try all the other ones
they last quite a bit if you don't go crazy overboard with the amount of product you apply
the only ones i can tell a difference with tho is the green tea
no matter how much sleep i get
can't wait to try more
i can't say enough about these masks
i assume you could just cover it with something heavy or put in a zipbag
you read that right.
maybe even 6 uses depending on how much you use
it was that or something else at the store i don't remember
you can get quite a few uses out of them if you are reasonable with how much you use
i personally do a fine layer
i would definitely recommend this!
although i didn't find any immediate
i do like these
if i don't use it
nothing bad to say about this mask
i don't think the necessarily do wonders
can't really say whether it made a huge difference
it did not effect my pillow case at all
i decided to give lancome a try
does that make sense?
does what it says it will do without clogging my pores
they last forever and work wonders!
who cares about the price when it works miracles for your face
love it, doubt i'll ever try something else.
decided to go for it
normally it's about day 7 they will start if it's going to happen
when you use it then you underst
why so much money
it doesn't break me out or give me any reactions at all
i don't mind it
i don't even feel that a second cleanse is even necessary
please bring it back!!
this doesn't bother me at all
anything else i use
this guarantees that i don't have that
i try to only use it on my eyes
you only need 1-2 pumps of this stuff.
i didn't have to follow up with any soap.
i don't want to try anything else
you can't beat it
i like it better than the estee edit one
if i want to replenish my items i do not want to have to spend that much every single time
i don't ever write reviews
anyone who wears it knows it's stubborn to get off
i knew i needed something to take it off
let me tell you
i recommend this to everyone.
i used it once, but i can say i love it.
i don't know why i didn't use it before.
i don't think i will need to
when it's come to the break out i guess i will know few days later
t does its job
because i can never just buy one
i wanted something that was not going to dry me out especially with winter approaching fast in virginia
doesn't break me out
why does this not have more reviews!?
you can't beat it
so maybe there's something to be said for fighting oil with oil
they all do the same thing
which is saying something
don't knock it until you try it !
s like neutrogena would make me break out
does not break me out
i don't usually write reviews
it does not irritate my eyes
i don't use it every day
i couldn't afford to keep on paying $30-something for it so for $18
even if you're as skeptical as i was
i cnt say any enough how good this cleanser feels on my skin
i prefer this one
this is the step you take before you wash your face
i just wanted to mention it
i don't want to be without this.
i didn't give up on it
i don't feel like i have to
two pumps that's all you need.
i can't see myself trying another product any time soon
i could not believe how fast my eye makeup came off
you've gotta try it.
i decided to try this one out
people say i look like i'm in my early 20s
couldn't believe how this sunk right into my skin
gave it a try anyway
i just used it again
i don't care if this was $100, i'd buy it.
i guess you could say that your skin looks healthier so there is a small glow to it
he wants me to get this mask over any other products i've wanted
can't wait for my nice clear skin to return after 10 yrs
i can always count on it to give me instantly smooth
helps me see results instantly
i don't know know how this works
i can tell you it really worked for me
didn't know if this would do anything for me
i just wish it didn't cost so much because i want the full sized one
you will see results
let me just say i am absolutely blown away
it does what it says
you can't expect immediate results
if you want those kinds of results
this does exactly what it says.
my nanny keeps asking if i've had something done to my eyes because they look tighter
t must be this stuff
(i'm 38 just so you know.)
because i didn't know if it would make my oily
i would recommend this for anyone.
i knew this oil would do great things
wouldn't go without it from now on!
it did the trick!
doesn't cause any shine
it doesn't do anything else
what more could you want
not because they don't necessarily work
i think i always find something even better
i did not buy it cause im still trying other stuff
if i don't find something better i might buy this
you only need a little bit because your skin will simply eat it up
it does get a bit oily if you use too much
for those who don't
although it does not have spf in it
'd stick to something else for the day
intend to purchase after the sample runs out if i don't find something better
one thing i do want to clarify
i've seen some reviews saying "i don't care for this product
i do not own step 1
thought i would give a try
i would so recommend this for anyone with dry
it's not exactly out of the ordinary for me
little did i know that the lotion would contain more oil which my skin did not tolerate what so ever
you automaticly feel the diffrence while putting it on
you dont need a ton of it
you won't regret trying this amazing moisutrazer
if i didn't need spf
it was think enough where i didn't have to reapply
doesn't break me out and 3.)
wont help your breakouts
wont cause any either
i wouldnt recomend as a cream under makeup though because it didnt instantly absorb this is more of a night cream unless u dont plan on wesring it under makeup then u coupd wear in morning to
i definitely recommend to those who don't want to spend much
decided to give this a try
this did not make me breakout.
love how it sit on top of the skin
break out to just about anything
my face didn't like that
i like that it's in a jar rather than a pump because you can control how much you use
and a little does go a long way.
not 5 is i wish it wasn't in a jar
i cant afford it right now=
don't blame a product to doing a big miracle without assessing your past habits that took your collegaen
people ask how i do my eyes all the time.
we don't want to look older than our men do we?
if you've gotten crows feet it will take longer
i can definitely tell a difference looking back through them
it does sting when you're using
doesn't seem to affect how well the tria works
would tell anyone to give this a chance
it's difficult to do the circular motions because it does not glide very well
shouldn't really be used until it's fully charged
i don't need as much cover-up as i did before tria
i know you're not supposed to
that this couldn't reach
by the next morning i don't feel anything except a little tight
however i didn't get it around my eyes
i didn't think i'd see results so quickly
i really don't mind taking the time to do it
so, go for it!
i figured i would give it a try
i guess that's how you know it's working
it hurts, but i don't mind it.
it didn't go away yet
you can definitely feel that this is doing something
you know what i'm talking about
go for it - you will not be disappointed.
which didn't bother me
hope it doesn't die again
so you do feel it
t is going to hurt a little
i am not sure why anyone would think otherwise.
i can tell a difference in just a week
if you can't stand it, send it back.
if you stick with the regimen you will get results
i did not find it painful
i didn't notice a big difference right away
you know it's working
you cannot use this directly under your eyes.
you can only go around the eye where you can feel bone
once you do it is no problem
this didn't make me break out; either!
let me tell you
figured i'd give this a try
i don't think i could live without them.
i can say it really works
i would recommend it to anyone that was that glow
i'll use this maybe once or twice to see how it goes
the tiny bottle lasted so long that can't even imagine how long it'd take me to get through a whole bottle
i didn't realize the difference until i forgot to use the drops one day
i don't use it for any specific reason
no matter what products i've tried
i really wanted to try it
the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is the price
you can also add it to your moisturizer if you are not planning on wearing any make up products
i dont think i would really get any of the other ones
don't add too much as it
how did i ever live without it?
t doesn't weigh my skin down whatsoever
it doesn't really effect the coverage of my foundation
you already know how tempermental this combo is
or anything of that matter
wasn't too sure if i should give it a go
i would recommend this to anyone with a dry t zone area
you only need a drop or two so it lasts forever.
i can totally tell a difference
sometimes i wish my skin could just tell me what it likes
i encourage you to try it
maybe it'll be a game changer for you.
it doesn't feel like i have a "mask" on my face
i don't know if i can see any drastic changes
i want to go back
let me tell you.
they did not disappoint
it doesn't break me out
i will definitely repurchase for the sheer fact that they do not break me out
definitely want to try the other drops.
you can tell the difference in your skin within a week
if you want an overall more glowy
i dont put more than 6 drops
unfortunately i did not get a chance to use all of it
i want to try the calming next
i want to see if that will help
you will not be upset that you decided to purchase this product
i can tell just the 1st time.
because 1 drop is all you need
but definitely a must try if you have dry skin!
it doesn't irritate me
they just don't compare
so happy this is back so now i don't have to worry anymore
i like it so far
and it doesn't break me out.
it won't let you down
it doesn't make me break out
i think that because it is gel-like
85 does not break me out
i also like that it doesn't add any extra oil to my t-zone
i can't live with out it
t doesn't really have a fragrance which i love because i tend to get headaches easily from that kind of stuff
i probably wouldn't reccomend puttung underneath makeup unless you have time for it to dry
i slap this on when i don't want to run
i couldn't really tell a difference
does not make me oily or cause me to break out
), hope this doesn't get discontinued.
so wanted something light
if you're like me
i can't wait to try the other products.
'm not sure how it would do all over my face
it just wasn't doing it for me anymore
you can even ask for a sample at sephora if you're on the fence
you won't regret it.
it's always been very hard for me to find a moisturizer that i can put on under my makeup that does its job
for the winter i want something more
if you're not a ptr fan
i am just saying if they made a product like this back then
don't even wear foundation everyday now
something that won't break the bank if i use it every night
if you can afford it, it does do an amazing job.
this doesn't break me out
i like that it doesn't pill with anything i put under or over it
you don't need much.
i do feel like i should have bought the smaller jar because a little goes a long way
which generally never happens to me
i wanted a sunscreen that could do a little more
i can apply my make up right away
it does what it promises
i don't like the hope in a jar
that never happens when i use a product with spf!
you can tell i do not get much rest from my face skin
this does the job
i wouldn't go another day without this product
i didn't think that i could ever have decent skin again
does what it claims to do
pick it up because you won't regret it!
can't wait to try the eye cream
the spf protection is better than anything else i've tried
to think i wasn't going to believe them all.
it might not work for everyone
i cannot see them in a regular mirror anymore.
figured this would be another eye cream that did nothing that i wasted money on
can't wait to see the long-term effects.
i tell you what
this cream does do that
if you want less wrinkles
considering how long my packet lasted me i don't have any hesitations about buying it
i don't break out or anything
i wasn't.t sure of this product... i was wrong.
i think i need to use something else for night time :
now it doesn't at all
i actually like it
now that my skin is no longer feeling dry i don't know if i'll rebuy it since i'm almost done with the jar the only thing is that i just wish it had spf
u need to give it time to work!
i cannot recommend this product enough
it doesn't necessarily mean it will work for you
i would definitely recommend
i always try something for a good 4 weeks before i decide that it doesn't work
i seriously cannot go without having this product
i can't live without it
i can really notice the difference when i don't use it
i think if you are normal to oily you should give it a shot
i am not sure why a lot of reviews say this is sticky
didn't make me break out and other options did.
do not put too much product on
i decided i would give it a try because my skin texture has changed
you'd have to wait for it to completely dry
i've got to say that i really do like it
i don't even scoop any out.
you will get just the right amount
it works like a mask in a way because once u put it on it stays on
one of the best things is that you don't have to use very much
people always ask what is my skin care regimen
worry when trying new products that it will break me out
i can't live without it
does not sting when i apply it3.
my suggestion would be to try it
the product is so great if you don't have a reaction to it
that i would say it's worth trying
i do agree that not everyone may have the same experience as me
you have to pay a bit more for the good stuff
i can't even imagine what my skin will look like after a month
if you know what i mean
buy this if you have scars!
this cream really did make a difference in how my face looks
this is wonderful, would not use anything else
just let it sink in for maybe 5 minutes before you apply
i feel like there's barely anything in there!
you don't have to use much
yes a little goes a long way so err on the side of using less
go give it a try!
and i would definitely recommend this product.
that didn't happen with this.
i never thought someone would smell my face so much
let me tell you
i just use it when i need it
you don't need much
you won't see results in 2 days
but i do believe it works.
you get what you pay for
this product does what it says
decided to give it a go
i see a a difference when i use it.
can't vouch for how it would work on those
this will do it
maybe somebody didn't pay attention to that
does exactly what it says it does
i didn't have to wait to see the difference
don't eat as well as i should
just make sure to not over apply.
i couldn't see anything at all in regards to my makeup that was applied over it
i notice if i don't use it
i think it helps diminish those faults enough that i'm good w/ it
it looks like i received a great night's sleep even when i don't
after a good month you can really tell the difference
i always thought to myself samples don't do anything you need at least a couple samples of a product to really see a difference
everyone around me also did
so don't be afraid to ask your sephora sales person for a heaping sample
make no mistake about it- i can no longer live without this
you surely cannot tell in my eyes\face
cant believe the difference.
i do not consider myself to have sensitive skin
i don't think it does anything for wrinkles or fine lines
i stopped using it under my eye because it simply wasn't doing anything
that does seem to work on fine lines
can't say whether it helps that as well
i didn't order another
asking if i was alright
why i wasn't sleeping enough
if you're having the same problems
i would try this cream before going to any super expensive creams to see how it works for you
i don't tend towards dark circles so can't comment on that
i did not see the "amazing results" promised
i would say this one is like the philosophy cream
it's a jar also which i like although might not.
a little is all you need.
i can really tell the difference
i know others don't but i do.
didn't find it did too do much for me
wanted to try it out again
you don't need much
thank you irene for suggesting it for my skin needs
can not talk about this
i did not really like it
most things bother me
sadly, it does not.
i will be trying something else when i finish this jar
this eye cream does everything i hoped it would.
as i am 67 i would notice if they got worse
i do know that it feels good when i use it
not not this product
i love it - can't live without it.
if you don't have sensitve skin
you still need to do your part to make those go away
i didn't even finish the bottle of the other stuff
i love this product and will not switch again!
i actually do see a difference after just a week
you only need very little so the jar last forever
i don't think it actually help with the dark circles much
i will never go without it ever!
it really does make my tired eyes look better.
i definitely notice when i don't have it on
uncomfortable when i forget or am unable to put it on
i cant believe it's working--nothing else i've done has ever worked
i don't really know if it took care of my dark circles
don't have any lines yet
i can see the difference
i don't look tired all the time
even if i get it in my eye
because you only need a tiny bit
they either didn't offer what i expected or irritated my eyes
if only i could remember to use it everynight.
i would not have returned it if it did not make my eyes burn
seems to do what it says.
when i don't get enough sleep
i can't go to sleep without putting it on!
they either sting or they don't work very well with my makeup
which is what happen with the shea
try it if you have yet to find your hg!
i might not go back
everything you want in an eye cream: easy to apply
just don't get it anywhere else on your face
i can tell you this work
to see if i just need to apply more
great if you're over 40.
it does seem to help on those mornings i look more tired
couldn't wait to get it
you only need a little bit
i can only use this at night bc it pills up a lot even when i apply a really small amount
i don't break out as much
s trying to fix it
no other words than wow!
doesn't make me break out
you need to apply very little which i love.
this isn't something i can use daily
i didn't seem to notice it after applying it
i can definitely tell the difference
i know they do have a night one
you hardly need any
i think you get your money's worth
you don't need a ton of it
if you cake it on
it will ball up which will make you hate it
i didn't give it 5 stars only because it breaks the bank
i guess you get what you pay for since i haven't found anything better
it makes me feel like the product if full of fake stuff
i don't know for sure if it broke me out
i cant stop touching my face
it doesn't make me breakout
i dont want anything to thick
also dont want anything too thin that won't do anything for my semi dry skin
do not buy often
dont care for version with sunsceen cause it feels different
you might like it though.
i really don't think i could live without this moisturizer
wasn't sure how my skin would respond
i don't use it during the day b/c it is too heavy to go under my foundation
i really like this one but i'm not using it now.
doesn't leave you looking shiny
i can't even find the words to describe it
she won't use ant thing else
does not break me out.
in just minutes i can't even feel the product
i will recommend to everyone i know!
give it a ret, you will not be disappointed.
looking nice when i'm not getting enough sleep
wish you weren't out of it so often.dottie
this doesn't leave it looking red
i wouldn't say it is for everyday use
little did i know i was going to buy my new favorite face wash
this mask is perfect for you if you're in a rush
i decided to give it a try
or if anything changes
it so easy to apply
i can't help it
they really did this well
let it sit for the recommended time
you barely have to use anything to cover your entire face
for the price you really cant go wrong.
you don't have a lot of time to sit with a mask on
in turn i feel like i'm not breaking out as much
i love that you can put it on like a mask
you definitely need patience.
i definitely don't want to have to do this every day
i don't wear that.
start your day like i do!!
for those with milia ....you will love this !
as you can imagine
i am not us to having break out
i don't know if its the combination
alittle does go a long way
ts not really adding an extra step
they spread out really well so you don't need to use much
my face doesn't feel irritated after using any of them
this doesn't even irritate it
i love these because you can mix
i love using this first thing in the morning before i do anything
i need to try it few more times to see if it actually does
these masks do what they say they are going to do
so great leaves my face refresh i recommend you get it if you have combination skin
i feel like i don't need to buy any other face masks if i have these
i can tell a difference in my skin
healthy i don't know how to explain it
you know those small
if i find something i like
wanted something i could use longer
i can't give five stars because i haven't tried all of them
can't say enough good about them
i love the way my skin feels when i use any one of these
i do use my clairsonic with them
at least they didn't do anything dramatically different for me
f your an on the go person or don't like a lot of steps these are perfect for you
i do feel like they're a good value for the money
i don't feel like they do any hard core treatments of the skin either
i feel like it's just a face wash you apply-a little does a long way btw
for how much you get
my face does look slightly refreshed no matter what mask i use
lets just say that this heat sucks the life out of anything
don't know how well they remove that
i would recommend these to anyone and everyone.
you really don't have to use a whole lot to get full coverage
it was enough to thoroughly do it's job
his products do what they advertise to do
the only con i can think of is that it seems to sting my eyes
but that doesn't stop me :)
decided i needed to try something else
when i do get it
your going to love this if you try it!
doesn't interfere with the rest of my routine
let me tell you
doesn't break my out
went out on a limb to try it because i only like foaming cleanser as i feel they are actually doing something
i personally do not like those type of cleanser because it makes me feel like i just cannot rinse it off enough
i loved that so much i decided to try one of their cleansers
can't get enough of it!
not dry or tight: i will keep repurchasing it because i don't like anything else i've tried this much
asked me what makeup i used
i didn't get it at first just to see if my skin needed it
it actually does what it says.
i will not put anything else on my face.
i don't know how
couldn't stop thinking about this one
i don't think i will ever use a different serum
doesn't sit on top of your skin
you will not be disappointed!
one that you don't even notice once applied to your face though
i can really tell a difference when i don't use this under my normal moisturizer
decided to try this one
what really bothered me most of all
i love how i can apply this serum all over my face
everyone wants immediate gratification
when it comes to skincare sometimes u just gotta be patient
decided to just not use pump
t probably won't last that long
i read somewhere that these things work
'll go to one pump
wouldn't want to use more if i don't need to.
thought i would give it a try
it doesn't break me out
would say wait for the new packaging if you want to buy this product
you name it, i've tried it.
i don't know if what i am seeing is the best that i'll get out of this product
the effects do wear off if you go 2-3 days without use
t really gets in there
i do recommend this to others.
i can't wait to see what my skin looks like in a few months
i can't speak to the deep wrinkle-fighting properties as i don't really have any
does not leave me looking shiny
i don't know all that much about dmae
i can get my whole face
i will try any algenist product
its the one thing that galls me about this company
i will try any algenist product
can't wait to get it
i guess it just took a little longer for me
before you put anything else on
hold enough product to do face
i can already tell that my makeup sits wayyyy better in those areas
don't get me wrong
that`s how i got to know it
i do not break out from it
you guys should try it
you can see a difference in your skin right after the first use
one even asked me did i get botox lol!
decided to give this a chance
does exactly what it promises
what it did to my skin: i glow
i couldn't wait anymore
the only reason i did not give it 5 starts is even with all the moisturizing benefits that it gave me it did nothing for the dark circles
that's exactly what it does
i've never felt anything like it.
i've never felt anything like it
it's the best thing i have ever tried
this eye cream does everything it says it does.
i recommend this product to anyone.
you've gotta try it for yourself.
yeah now that you mention it definitely
no matter what i couldn't get rid of it no matter how much lotion i put on
ask if he could do one too
i don't even wear make-up most days
i know this doesn't work for everyone
god i can't live without it anymore
you'll never even know it was there
which sadly didn't work for me
however, i don't run-like ever.
as you can see
as i sometimes feel that i've tried everything
figured i'd give it a go anyway
if it didn't work out
it takes me forever to find products that my skin won't react to
i don't break out to it
of course it did not completely eliminate it
this does not leave behind any weird
i can't even get over how much i love this stuff!
it didn't break me out
hopefully i can afford a bigger jar soon.
highly recommend if you can afford it
this system didn't work for me
doesn't break me out at all
i feel like my skin actually looks better when i use this
the smell does go away after a few minutes so not a big deal to me
i can not live without it.
i love the name nourish because that is exactly what it does for my skin
i cant feel it "sitting" on my skin
i would recommend it to anyone!
with that i guess you don't get the glow
if you can afford it
you need it in your life
sometimes i can tell my skin isn't going to like it
especially if you haven't had the opportunity to try it out like i did
try it you will love it
i will say do not forget to moisturizer on top especially at night
lancer is really on to something here don't pass it up
let me first say that i have olive
im kind of worried it will run out quickly
then you may want to try this
it doesn't bother me bc i know it's working
i will edit my review if things change over time.
i gave 4 stars because i can't really speak on the anti wrinkle i'm young
this tends to happen often
i did notice that if you use too much it doesn't soak in as well
i don't have many
i can't get enough of this, and yes it works.
at first i was not sure if i am gonna like this eye cream or not
please give it a try
do not use the whole pump
i do think it helps w/bags as well although i normally do not have much of an issue w/that
i can't tell you how many eye creams i have purchased over the years
so please don't let that discourage you from the quality of the product
i wish i could help people with lancer the way they have helped me
i love that anyone can use the system at any age
i say go for it
try these products if you haven't
seriously do yourself a favor and switch!
just please don't ever stop making this.
why it wouldn't work out for someone who is very dry
i don't think i've found anything quite like it to compare
i can't live without it now!
it did not sting going on
so decided to give it a try
i can't go a night without it
they don't all show me any actual results
i can't exactly explain why i like it so much better than everything else
so maybe that makes a difference
this isn't quite like anything i've ever tried
t doesn't way down your face
if it doesn't break me out
wanted to try something different
if i don't find one i love i may be purchasing this one again
you need this one
this product does exactly what it says it will do
overall i do like it
as i was spreading this deliciousness all over my face i was thinking how it felt unlike anything i've ever put on my face before
at that point i was seriously thinking even if it didn't do anything i would be buying it just for the feeling of slathering it on my face hahaha
not the case here.
i will not buy anything else now.
when you apply it
i don't think it's necessary to spend this much money on a night-specific
decided to only get this
i really can't go on to say how much i love this cleanser
give it a try as a sample before buying to see if you'd like it
i know i'll use it up long before that
can't stop talking about it
i usually don't like gel masks because i feel like they don't do much
does remove everything else well
i do not find it was helping my acne much
i honestly don't mind the extra wash considering how good the foreo luna feels on your face
like i do every night
i can't get enough of this mask.
i don't find it to make a huge difference either
i know it says nothing about this in its description
i didn't get a burning feeling or anything.
i would definitely recommend this product!
now i wish i would of got the the bottle instead
for those having reactions i just don't know i don't see anything irritating in the ingredient list
t won't give you a lot
this one didn't bother my skin at all
i don't mind it though
it is gentle but it will give you results.
if you're willing to spend the money
if you need a way to get a mask routine
this one is for you
like everyone else, i just may purchase this.
for me it does what a mask should do
who doesn't have 3 minutes to spare to get amazing results
i normally don't write reviews
i didn't necessarily use it as such
immediately fell in love like everyone else did
it's the first one in a long time that i want to afford for that reason
i don't mind the price because it's hard to find products that work my skin
can't believe how quickly it absorbed
or theirs has gone bad or something
i don't know how this stuff is so light
honestly didn't care if this moisturizer worked out for me or not because i was wanting the night balm
t doesn't take long for my skin to suck this stuff up
this doesn't make me break out
i disagree with others that say this stuff stinks
i would give this 10 stars if i could
i don't even use a foundation primer any more.
i don't think i would recommend has your nightly moisturizer or anything
this was a favorite until i realized that it does not have any spf
i do tend to break out easily
unfortunately i did not read the reviews
i can't say anything about the negative reviews because i've never attempted to use this as a day cream
you don't need to use very much at a time.
it just shows you how different everyones skin can be
i don't really expect that from a day cream
i definitely get some
nor does it feel too heavy.
i say give it a try to see if it works for you.
loved it so much i decided to get another one using my 100 point perks
don't know, but i'd recommend it!
i will say that i noticed it peels/balls up it you do not give it a chance to sink in
can usually use anything
this does just that
if you do use it as a day cream
i like how it makes my skin feel
not sure if i want to spend $40 on it though.
dewy then do not hesitate
i cannot say enough for this product.
so you know one day i went to sephora
please keep making it!
this is a product that i got on a whim
it didn't quite work for me
it didn't break me out, though.
that isn't to say that i'll stick to this
try this one it's great especially for sensitive skin you won't break out i promise
don't let that fool you
this is my first time writing a review here- i was so compelled
i can't quite describe what it does to my skin.
--everything that they make
can't wait to try more from this line.
i figured i'd give rise 'n shine a whirl to see if it really did stick around
can't wait to see how much better my skin looks after a month
if things turn out badly
you will not be disappointed.
absolutely amazing if you want soft skin
i really can't believe how well it works.
if you prefer that br
this doesn't break me out at all
i must say that it really works
i would never go out without makeup
i figured it couldn't hurt
i think it really does help mask the lines in my face
it doesn't control oil as much as i would like it to
it didn't break me out or make me feel greasy at all
i really do notice a difference
i would definitely recommend this product
i don't know if i'd recommend this to someone who has trouble with an oily complexion
if you try it you going to love it.
don't make me look oily either
well, let me say this is my favorite right now.
it doesn't make it worse though which is good!
not sure why people think it's so small
they need to realize it's natural
it's good for people who want something mild yet effective
nothing would get rid of the bumps
i can't say enough about this product
there aren't any ingredients i've never heard of or can't pronounce
i've not tried it yet
i don't want to be without this product.
my face i thought was impossible
it does make for a nice treat
fails terribly for others
i don't have any blemishes if i use on a daily basis either
why would you want a super strong smelling face product anyway?
now i don't usually write reviews unless i think it's worth for my time to write one
'm not sure what it is
not sure why or how
i know this product doesn't work for everyone
like what are you serious.
you only need to use about 3 drops
you only need a couple drops here
i can't live without this.
i can't recommend this more!
you need to press this in rather than rub
i couldn't be anymore happy
i can't quite tell if it's this oil or something else
please give this a try and see what you think.
i can't tell how long it'll last
i cannot get over how amazing this product is!
it does what it says and balances the skin.
it is probably one of the few products i have ever used that actually does what it says it will do
i cannot put this down now.
at first i did not like this oil.
can't believe the difference it has made
have never found anything that i didn't feel broke me out
i think it actually helps clear the breakouts
though i'm not sure how it does it
it really does control oil on the t-zone
i cannot believe the difference in my skin
thought i might cheat temporalily with herbivoce
so don't let the price tag scare you
you only need a couple of drops for your whole face
can't seem to shake them
i really don't need to touch up my make up
if you didn't know
don't quote me on that
don't use too much
i don't think i will ever be without it
wanted to give it a go
i just could not get rid of them
it never made sense to me
i didn't feel it was going to do much
these people make good stuff.
then you'll see the balanced effect
now that you know my skin type
i didn't want to write a review until that month had passed
they all do their own thing
there's no worrying about it looking greasy or anything
i would completely recommend this.
one thing i must say
i for one don't really like it
with what's left depending upon what i eat
i want to start off by saying that as you can see
take my word for it
don't know how it stacks up
i can't say enough good things about it.
which is hardly any now because i just want to show off my new glow
i can't get enough of it!
when i say that this is the truth
that i don't feel the need to wear foundation all the time
it doesn't make me break out
i don't know how i lived so long without this product
so my experience may not be yours
i will never go without this product.
don't be hesitant about applying oil to your face
i want to go back to natural products
i can't wait to try more of their products
can't wait to try their phoenix oil soon too!
take it with me everywhere
anything will give me breakouts
i cannot say enough good things about this oil.
i really like what this does for my skin
i almost didn't believe it
'm sure i'll get used to it
i would recommend this to someone of any skin type
you can't go wrong with any of their products
i couldn't use anything on my t zone
this will get you there
if you break out this is for you.
if you don't use too much
if you're like me
it also doesn't cause me any irritation or make me break out
had to stop it all because i wasn't sure what was contri
you only need 3 drops a day- i would use this only for night time just so that your skin doesnt get used to it
if that wasn't enough
i can't say enough about this
esp if you have dry skin like myself
it does everything it is supposed to do
/or would break me out
i really wish i had bit the bullet sooner
if you just use it for your face it'll last you at least 6 months
so you do get bang for your buck
it does what it says
the fact that i can use whatever is left on my h
the dropper allows you to easily adjust how much you want to apply depending your skin needs
if you're on the fence about this
this oil is so amazing, i can't get enough of it.
i decided to give this one a go
you won't be sorry
i decided to try something else out
so you can leave it on the counter
anyone who wants to try a facial oil
you know what you are getting and paying for.
the fear that it would just make my t zone even oiler
it doesn't stay with you all day
i swear i might have this bottle for the rest of my life
i would recommend this to someone of any skin type
you do get a lot of product a little goes a long way however in the winter you cant use this alone or your skin will suffer from dryness
though i don't know if i can detect much change in appearance
i guess i'll see with more use
i honestly don't see a need to try the rodin now--i'm that happy with this stuff
i wanted to leave a review to anyone else who reads them for research
remember that it is there
i thinks its a nice basic oil if you don't know which to pick
i think you would like this a lot
for those who don't
as much or as little as you want
another can't-live-without product.
no matter what your skin type is
i love it when skin care products are so luxurious you can't wait to use them
you will want to wear less since your skin will look more youthful--if you are looking to simplify your skin care
i feel that this would work with any skin type
people kept telling me that i don't need makeup!!
all i have to say is if you want your skin to look/feel like a baby
go get you some
do not let the price deter you.
it doesn't last long
i'll never go back to anything else
every time i look in the mirror i can't believe it
do yourself a favor and buy this facial oil.
i cannot tell you how many times i get compliments on my skin
anyways it doesn't stop there.
i would definitely recommend this oil.
every night i have trouble deciding if i want to use this or blue tansy
consider this product to do exactly what it claims
it does what it's supposed to
i honestly do think it's making a difference
hb is the first like of products i have used that don't cause me to break out
i decided to give this one a try
this mask does exactly what it says it does.
dont like smell that much but it doesn't matter.
i like that becuz it lets me know it's working
you can also see the difference.
i didn't think this was doing anything the first 2 times i used it
don't see myself running out of this for a long time
i don't think i even need my huge collection of other masks anymore
what else could you ask for?
if you've heard about this mask
another thing that i love about this is how little of the product you have to use
have tried everything i can to get rid of it
who would complain if it does the job
just personally i don't like it
i really can't believe the results
i can't get over it
you will see results right away
i usually don't write reviews
changes in my diet just didn't agree with me
it doesn't bother me
i couldn't tell any difference the first night i used it
several people asked me what i did with my makeup
this product did exactly that without irritating or hurting my skin
my suggestion would be to use it according to how your skin reacts to it
would give this 10 stars if i could.
let me say that this mask will give you everything from incredibly smooth skin
it does what it claims to
i felt compelled to do so for this product
i usually don't write reviews
nothing would get rid of them
says what it does.
this didn't bother it one bit
my skin is something that used to make me cry
seems that others do not
i wasn't sure if this would be able to live up to the hype
dead skin that i just can't seem to do anything about
i could see how some would find it off puting
didn't think anything of it until i ran out of every other mask i had
i figured that was everything coming to the surface because of the aha
can already tell a difference
i don't get it as much as i used to
can't say enough good things about this product
what more could u ask for?
i can't believe that some people actually like the smell of this because it is awful
it does dry, you just don't need to use a lot.
a little really does go a long way- just be careful opening the jar
you will not be disappointed!
it doesn't irritate me at all
i feel like it's going to last me forever because you really don't need much
if i used this the night before i don't have any of that
i don't care because the mask works so good
i read about this and decided to give it a try.
wasn't too sure if this would live up too the hype
i actually like it
i never want to be without it.
the wonders it'll do for my skin
nothing i used could get rid of it.
i don't foresee that happening anytime soon because a little goes a long way
i recommend it to everyone i know.
would give this 10 stars if i could.
when you apply it
t's very hard to tell if you're using enough
it does wonders for those
i wish i could give this mask 10 more stars!
i do see why some people would like the smell
not just those "i spent so much money on this it has to work" results that you convince yourself of
i feel like i'm giving away a secret here
i want to hoard it all for myself
just keep in mind that this doesn't necessarily give immediate results
it does exactly what it says that it does.
i wanted to give them a chance again
i rarely do reviews
it's a must to do so for this one
let it sit while i do the rest of my routine
i didn't really know what it was when i first tried it- i just kind of used it because i had it-
if you're like me you'll appreciate the smell
which is why i set off find something to help
i decided to try this stuff
i don't regret it at all
if that doesn't bother you
have to return it because i just can't st
if it doesn't bother you
i hardly write reviews
you dont need a lot!!!!
causes break outs or anything
no matter what i did
it would not pop out
does not bother you
i did not expect such great results.
t doesn't get hard
i can't say enough good things about this product
i love that you don't ever have to expose it to the air
i can't say enough good things
can't see why i'd ever stop
it didnt matter what i tried
you definitely want to start with the 3 day routine
another thing that makes me want to rebuy before i run out
it doesn't try out my face
do yourself a favor and buy it.
like it couldn't get good enough
i didn't get what it did because it didn't fade my marks
i will definitely keep using this stuff.
my box did not
i can't believe my eyes!
everything to get rid of it
this product does not bother my skin one bit
so dont apply immediately before going out
i can definitely see why this stuff is too harsh if you have very fair sensitive skin though
i hardly ever write reviews
can't wait to see what my skin does
i am telling you buy this if you are not sure.
sadly it doesn't stay on your face when applied haha
i just apply this
if you're debating whether to buy this or not
it doesn't even look like i have used any of the mask yet
do yourself a favor, and get it!
it didn't bother me at all as some of the other reviews had me thinking it was going to smell horrendous
i can see such a difference.
le pretty much anything i put on it
i can't decide yet if i like this better or benefit's
and you simply can't beat this for the money.
if it works or not
this didn't at all
i feel it does reduce mine a bit
want to try what's out there for everything
that was enough for me to see that this product really does what it says
keeps asking me to reorder
i wouldn't say it's made any changes
i must say i'm glad i did
get no type of sleep
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is i haven't been using it long enough to say how it works on fine lines
this doesn't make me breakout or itch at all
usually i end up writing them off cause how are you gonna see results in a matter of days worth of sample
seriously if you dont do that so much product is wasted
anyways point is in only 3 days
or anything like that
i know you aren't supposed to put eye creams really close to your eyes
in the end i would recommend this to someone
there's no fragrance that i could tell.
it's my new go-to for sure
i know it's going to last forever.
it doesn't give me milia
it does everything i want an eye cream to do!
now i can't live without
i don't know if i look younger
thank you sephora otherwise i would have never tried it
i can't say that i look younger from this
i can already tell a difference.
you get more bang for your buck
can't say enough good about it!
i can put it on
i don't have to spend hours searching anymore
go get it now.
this product will last you forever
didn't notice anything different
don't get me wrong
you can tell its gentle.
cannot say enough good things about this cream!
i strongly recommend this for someone who doesn't need a heavy cream
would not make me break out
don't give up on this product.
oh what a change i have seen
you really don't need much
it's not necessarily working miracles on my laugh lines
it does the trick for making me look not so zombie like
i almost can't believe it.
i couldn't get enough of it
once i'm finished with my round of accutane i might try something else
i love it and can not live without it.
it does everything it claims
i love what it does to my face
i returned this product thinking it wasn't worth the price because it didn't feel like it was doing enough
i think i'm going to give it another shot.
here's hoping for more of the same...
i can't say enough about it
if you're unsure about it by the kit
which is what i want a good serum to do
you don't have to use much
if you can afford this product
i will surely get it again when i can.
i wanted to do something about it
it's one of those products you put on
then immediately kind of feel like you look better
i can't wait to try all their products
i will gladly put up with smell for a good product any day
have no idea what everyone is talking about
i hope they never stop making it.
might buy it again if nothing else grabs my attention
i don't normally review
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
if i don't dilute it
they're not all the same.
don't let it turn you off
or else it will get tacky
if you use this product the right way
get it, you won't be disappointed.
i've had so many people ask me what i was using on my face
i just told them to go get this stuff.
i would recommend it to anyone
wanted to wait before my review
that's not what i want on my skin
i want the real deal
you've definitely come to the wrong br
would recommend looking into something else.
i could tell a difference in my skin
you know what i'm talking about
there is no reason to ever use anything else again
honestly i don't expect any immediate benefits from this type of serum
i do know that freshness matters
i don't know what to compare it to
i don't even mind the price tag because of the benefits i see already
believe me i didn't want to buy into the hype on this serum
i don't need to use foundation very much anymore.
thankfully this product does not cause me to break out
i cant tell you
you wont notice it
you get what you pay for
you can email them with any questions or concerns
give your skin time to see results
you will never go back
how it can cause a bad reaction
therefore i shouldn't worry about the reaction of both on my skin
maybe you can still be sensitive
said he'd only let me keep it if i don't use it every day
let me start off by saying this serum is well worth your money
i love how it seems like someone turned on the light in my skin
it's difficult for me to try new things because i am so scared of the reaction my skin will give
i probably wouldn't make use of it everyday
however, that's not an issue now.
i couldn't believe when i read all the reviews about the smell
not sure yet what this is doing for my skin exactly as i'm on week 3
does give me a true glow
didn't feel the b gel did much
i don't even know if i'll make it that long
i like it so much
you get what you pay for
i want to use the entire line!
you don't see an immediate difference
i can't be more satisfied
i did try applying it daily for awhile
does make it easier to apply
it doesnt stick to ur face or anything
i dont know if ill ever buy the full size considering the price tho
i feel like i can find something just as good for cheaper
you definitely get what you pay for with this!
let me just start by saying that the scent is fine
it doesn't bother me at all
so this should speak to how much i love this product
i do not have that problem with this serum
because i was breaking out so much no matter what i did or used for skincare
it doesn't break me out which is a major plus
im unsure if i still see the effects
i can definitely see a difference if i go without for a few weeks because my skill just looks dull
while i don't know a lot about the science behind the magic
i do know that it creates the sort of 'radiance from within' feel
it won't work after that.
i can definitely tell when i skip more than a few days
i don't see a lot of results
i don't know if that is from the day or the night serum
i love that you can tell it is the real deal because it is a bit sticky
so happy that that it comes without any gimmicks
if i'm gonna spend this much money on a product i have to make sure i love it first
what would you rather have
you know it's serious when your hubby can tell a difference
i wouldn't call it that just yet
but time will tell.
i couldn't get a sample so had to go big or go home
i like not having to worry about bad ingredients.
he would say something
now i just don't care
i want a product that works and this does.
i don't write reviews
i still haven't run out if that tells you anything
does not accept harsh chemicals anymore
you owe it to yourself to try this
i don't know what else to say.
only if you use too much
didn't take this with me
i didn't think i would ever find a product that i could use without irritation
didn't think i would like it
most of us know that v
you kind of get what you get
you know when you're using it that's it all great for your skin
my skin is glowing every day i have people telling me how great my skin looks even when i have absolutely no make up on
it does not bother me
i would recommend it to anyone
i would recommend this to everyone.
the amazing thing with sephora is if you buy something
don't like it you can return it which i love
girls you must try this!
i don't really write reviews
i don't know what is in this magical gel
when you put it on
you don't want to feel like you're wearing a mask all day long
do the same thing
i didn't think much of it until it said it could be used as a primer
i didn't expect to like it
because i didn't like the last gel i tried
i think i will keep looking
which is all you need
because you only need a little
try it out, you'll love it!
anyway got this gel as she wanted something light
a perfect product to incorporate into your morning routine for days where you're not really doing anything
this doesn't irritate it at all
don't break me out
would recommend for anyone willing to try something a little different in their skincare routine
its really fun to use so you almost want to wash your face at the end of the night
a lot of reviews read that the product doesn't provide a deep enough clean
this didn't irritate it at all
i don't know how i stumbled upon this at sephora
it is exactly what you think it is!
i happen to like that
you'll know what i mean
they should omit the part about hydrating your skin since it doesn't really
every other one i've tried is too drying or doesn't get the job done
he hated every product i gave him to try except this one
i try this at sephora
although be careful with the amount--you don't need a lot
i don't use a lot of make up but i would rec.
nothing that bothers me though
this did not break me out
have them do a demo on your h
you will freak out
you get so much use out of one can
i will freak out if they ever stop making this.
it doesn't get into your eyes
it isn't meant to remove make-up guys
f you don't use water it acts a little differently
don't let that turn you off
i love it so much i can't wait to use it every day
this product does what it claims to do.
if that helps anyone
what i love is it doesn't cause my face to react
i wouldn't say it helps breakout wise
don't expect it to dissolve anything
a lot comes out when you dispense so be careful
i would definitely recommend giving this a try to see if it works for you
did not feel harsh at all
i don't recommend using it with a clairsonic.
although i've only used it once lmao it really is so good that i had to write a review
i recommend this for y'all who have sensitive skin
so far i like it!
you need to read the description before purchasing it
no where does it say it is one.
i can't wait to try other products from too cool for school
no matter what i used my skin would feel so dry
do you want to have a party while you're cleansing your face?
i just want to clarify that i use this after i cleanse my skin thoroughly
as i don't use it often
sheetmask do the same job to be honest
it did what it claimed
it does not break me out at all
first try i didnt like it
great if you need a quick glow.
make sure you follow the instructions
it did not disappoint
try it for yourself!
i wasn't expecting anything
i did not expect this at all.
i can say however that yes it does!
you will see results
what more can you ask for?
not sure if i'll buy again
you don't need much.
i like a lot of them
you can feel and see the change !
i can't say enough good things about this product
the dropper application does not bother me.
it doesn't bother me
finally something that does what its supposed to do
it is a little sticky so you don't have to use much of it
i couldn't believe it
because i want to save it for the night
i couldn't believe it.
if you want to purchase something that truly works
not just when i apply the product
i can't wait to see what happens the longer i use it
i decided to give this one a try
can't afford it but i love it.
it took a solid 3 weeks for me to see a difference so just fyi keep that in mind
i does not disappoint me at all.
it is definately an eye changer if you have the money
either i don't like them
after i got this in my play box i can easily see a difference
if you read the directions
i don't think i will be going for this full sized though for fiscal reasons dang it is expensive
didn't give full 5 stars
go to school so let me tell you
i get really dark circles if i don't use anything
it just didn't seem to be working well for me anymore
however i decided to give this an honest go.
the down side is once i run out i'm not sue i can afford to replace it
of using this product i actually did a double take because whoa
which is a problem that's bothered me for a long time
let me tell you- my circles are almost gone
you can feel it working
really wasn't expecting to see much of a difference
while it wasn't huge it was enough to make me go wow i need to purchase a full size
can't tell if this will have long term improvement to my skin
it does not irritate my eyes
i would definitely recommend!
post your review of whether it worked or not
i can't speak to how this balm works in the long-run
honestly i can say you really get the most bang for your buck here
this does not irritate my eyes
i don't have dark circles so can't speak to that.
did not see results as good
this does not bother me
this does not make them water at all
i will continue to use it and see how it goes!
wasn't sure what to expect
i can definitely tell a difference
not gonna lie i was thinking of returning this
caudalie can never go wrong with me.
which i do often
this does not irritate my eyes any further
the only other thing i will say is i haven't noticed it doing anything for my lips
i know some products don't work for everyone
-let me tell you, it was a waste of money!!
it didn't break me out
because i didn't do that at first
if you want something to work fast
i really can see a difference
some work great for you, others don't do a thing.
you got to have this thing ladies!
totally worth it if you want even skin tone
you have to try this product
you don't see results overnight
it'll probably last awhile
bad thing is when you grow up people start calling them 'age spots'
they didn't do anything
i can't wait to see if it helps dark spots
i know it is winter time
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to have clear skin
i want him to go away
i feel like i don't need as much makeup either
then achieve the look i want
if you don't have a good experience with this product though
i hope you get as good of a result as i did!
you can't go wrong with murad!
this serum does what it says.
i can't wait to keep using
i do not use very much when i apply it
do not use it on anything that hasn't fully healed
at first i didn't see it working
you will see that again you will love your flawless skin
i can't say more good things about it.
works pretty well if you can stick to a nightly routine
you don't smell it once it's on your face.
s when you're done applying it
i mean don't skip a day of this serum it really does wonders
i did my research and decided to give it a try.
if you use it twice daily then you'd see better results
this product does what it says it will
i can't wait to see what my skin will look like at the end of this month
let me just tell you
you won't see a difference right away
i am not sure if the spots will completely disappear
it did wonders for my skin
i cant just stop using this
someone even asked me what foundation i had on the other day
i didn't purchase the bottle because i wanted to see if it worked for me first
this will do the job
i can not explain how much i love this product.
i read reviews on this product before i decided to give it a try
i can't recommend this product enough.
something that does what it claims to do
i would recommend it
miracles do not happen overnight.
i can't say enough good things about it.
i try to use this a lot because it really works.
this does not break me out at all
exactly what you would expect from this br
it does kind of come back if you don't use it consistently
definitely give it a try!
really do not want to dish out the money for prescriptions from the dermatologist
regardless of where i go
i couldn't believe it.
decided to give it a try
this doesn't irritate it whatsoever
give this a try if you have texture issues because i promise you this works
try it you will not regret it
that's all i can say.
i can't recommend this enough!!!
i would totally recommend this.
i couldn't go on using what i had been
i would recommend this product to everyone
you only need a little.
i don't write reviews
am always hesitant to try anything new on my face
i don't write reviews
love what it does to my skin
i wish they would go back to that
buying this cleanser was just a fluke because i wanted to try something new
cant wait to see more results.
i think some fade away like literally 95% i can't barely see it
i talk about the stuff all the time
it totally did everything that it said it would
give this stuff a try!
not sure how to describe the beads
like using it, but probably won't order again.
it didn't at all
i figured i'd better try it
something i look for
i can't imagine not using this product
they told me about this product
did i want to spend this amount of money on this product no
i don't know when i'll ever switch to anything else
the only thing that doesn't make sense is that it tell you on the back of the bottle not to use near eyes
this didn't cause anything
i think i might like it better than the pore reform polish
le i would recommend trying this more than once to see a difference
it's way better than anything i used before
there is nothing that this cleanser can't do
you have to stick w it.
you really don't need a lot to wash your whole face
i don't really find that it makes much of a difference
i might as well write a review here
thought i'd give it a try
the spots have deminished so drastically that i cant even see them
miracles wont happen over night with your skin
you wont regret it once you see the results
t is going to last awhile
i decided to give this product a go
the only reason i wouldn't give this 5 stars is because i still do have breakouts
it does take awhile for them to go away
i think this paired with a spot treatment will do wonders
it does give me a great flush afterwards
i do like it a lot
gentle they don't bother my eyes at all
not irritating, so i can use it daily.
you don't need a lot
this doesn't seem to bother it
so we'll see how that goes with prolonged use
make sure you do add a bit of water
f i can find something that does both
has everything i need!
i don't have enough words to say what an awesome job this did taking off my makeup
try this-- you won't be disappointed ;) :)
i can't get enough of this product.
just to make sure i get everything off
you know the works
this is the product that allows me to do so
don't know i'd buy it in the u
literally there will be nothing
which is the easy tell tale sign if a removing product works or not
it's something i can tolerate or wash off right away
i cannot say enough good things about it
believe it or not
this was free why not give it a try?
be careful not to get it into your eyes
that did absolutely nothing
i'd like to give it 5 stars
the fact that it doesn't irritate my eyes
thought i'd give it a try
i didn't expect to like this caudalie one so much
i can't get enough.
you wont regret it
i could probably do just 1
figured i'd give it a try
is it expensive for what it does?
trust me there's always more
have to say this does a great job
they just don't disappoint
i actually didn't realize what this product was.
doesn't irritate at all for me.
so thought i'd give it a try
i would give 5 stars
you'll soon be able to feel your soft
will continue to recommend this to anyone
i don't break out often
if i could give this 10 stars i would.
i've tried so many that rarely does a face wash deserve my attention
i don't know when sephora
why hasn't anyone reviewed it yet
this foaming cleanser does exactly what the description says it will do
i can already tell a difference in my skin
believe it or not
i can't and will not live without this product.
i can't wait to buy the rest of the set!
i don't feel right
i don't write reviews like ever i just read them
i do not use this on my nose
i wasn't sure if i wanted to try murad products .
you may not see much difference
i do still get acne here
i usually don't write reviews unless a product st
definitely would recommend to anyone who have oily
it probably won't work as well for everybody
i would recommend trying it
i will tell you what my skin care consults told me
all did not work.
it does not claim it either
i decided to try it again
it doesn't work wonders
it didn't do much for me besides take off my makeup
i don't know why sephora doesn't carry the 12 oz anymore
could not do all 3 steps
you don't see instant results
you definatly notice a difference
i would recommend you definitely give this a try!
if u have not tried this i totally recommend this cleanser
it doesn't work for me anymore
it does not dry my skin i would recommend it
i would definitely recommend it
the main thing i would like to say is that it is not your fault
keep trying to find what works for you
like too much of anything
never bad enough to complain about
i didn't know what to do
i never really used it before
i can already tell a difference in my skin
i noticed that you really don't need a lot of product to clean your face with this- all you need is a little dot
i seriously cannot rave enough about it.
im sure if you use the other 3 items in the kit you wont have that issue though
i doubt i will let go of this product!
this does not dry me out nor does it leave my face feeling tight
didn't know how to h
still bad enough that i needed to wear makeup to feel slightly good about myself
this wouldn't work on me
i want others who struggle with this nasty thing called acne to feel the relief i do from using this
if i do get breakouts it goes away the next day that fast
it doesn't work quickly
nothing i used would clear it up
it cleanses so well that it doesn't bother me for the extra step
i feel that my skin isn't as clear if i don't use this product
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone who would like something that actually works to clear
people always ask how i keep my skin clear
i always refer them to this product
this is great to use only when you break out
not every single day unless you have horrible acne
i don't usually have much of an issue
doesn't do much for the spots
this one does it all
other than that i think it's a great product to add to your anti aging weapons if you don't mind the hefty price
don't expect your wrinkles to completely disappear
perhaps they didn't wait for it to seep in completely because i didn't have that problem
i know i should give more time
it would cost me way too much to fix my crows feet
it doesn't really bother me
if it works that's all i care about.
don't give up on this product.....it works
i realized you need to wait for it to feel dry before applying anything else
must not be doing something right
can't get enough of this!
i cannot recommend this enough.
i don't tend to wear too much
didn't feel the need to do anything to it
what can i say ?
it's exactly what i needed
it does all of this without breaking me out
which is why i didn't give 5 stars
won't live without it.
im gonna go wash my face now
perhaps in the summer it'll flip back the other way
this stuff is exactly what i needed
this is why i give it a 4*
what i am ashamed of is how many products it takes to get it all off
i couldn't recommend them more or this product more
it does exactly what it says it will
it's worth it b/c not only does it last for like 4 months
this one is by far the best simply because it does exactly what it claims to do
if you can afford it or feel like getting yourself a gift
i would honestly use this every single time i cleanse if i could afford it
if you're hesitant to buy this just do it
i decided to go big
why would i do that when i have this product on my shelf?
i don't know how else to describe it.
the price point just doesn't do it for me though.
don't let the texture fool you
anyone who feels like they just need a little extra glow to their skin
i would purchase this even if it did not
it it does the same thing
i figured i would try it
i would so recommend this!!
i found i don't need to use a lot
i usually don't like that
i didn't want to really like it because of the $50 price point for the 3
i must say that i didn't know what to expect.
i didn't realize it would feel the way it did.
thought i was doing something wrong
i don't wear a whole lot of make up
i didn't feel that it did a great cleansing job at night
so i didn't "properly" use this.
you only need a little bit of this product to go a long way
it didn't make me break out
i probably wouldn't use it constantly like that
when you put it on your face
i can do this now
i take care of me
that's probably because i won't rub this right over my eyes very much
once again a little does a lot
not for what it does or for whats in it
you do not need to dual cleanse with this.
you do not only have to use this when you have makeup on
you can use this as a mask too.
or you can buy this one product that does both
this is where i say "i never post reviews
it seems like it doesn't do so well
i really mean that
definitely want to try more products from sunday riley
the only downside is that i found it would irritate my eyes which isn't good when you want to use this to remove eye makeup
highlight like crazy then you should probably use more of the product
i wanted to try something new
which i usually hate doing
you can probably find a decent
if you're not on a budget you might want to splurge
i can't use it on my eyes because it really irritates them
you have to dig in
don't mind that it is $50
because you literally need less than a pea size of this stuff to get the magic happening
i can't say enough good things about this stuff
at night is when i take the time to really treat my skin this is something that's always on the counter
thought i would try this to see if i could find something compatible with not such a hefty price tag
i prefer to do that first
i don't feel bad about the price because i leave it on for awhile
this is the first one i don't have the urge to return
this does not irritate my skin whatsoever
i couldn't recommend it any more!
i really like this product to leave on for a bit
i refuse to use it now
they say it takes off all your make up
just ordered this can't wait for it to come
she said it didn't work
i don't think she used it long enough or consistently enough to really tell
i love it so much i don't want to ever stop using it
i am not even gonna say anything about the price because i will gladly pay it again
oily skin girls please do not be afraid to try an oil
if i could give this more stars i would.
couldn't figure out why
but i still gave it 5 stars for someone else.
if you aren't sensitive to that
i react to most things
i do not agree that you can use coca
i wanted to try it
thought this did a better job
you don't need a moisturizer after unless you want to
i do use it faithfully
give it a try if you're an older woman.
isn't that what everyone wants?
maybe i need to use it a bit longer
i can tell too.
if i could give it 6 stars i would.
it's worth the money if you're able to afford it.
thus treatment really does what it says.
naturally, i couldn’t wait to give this a try.
i do really like this
this does the trick plus some
right now it's a no go for me
i don't think this can do much for waterproof eye makeup
but i still love this for what it does.
'm going to save the cleanser until that time
if you ever wanted to just indulge in a skincare product then go ahead
even if you try it only once.
you won't be sorry about this purchase!
i feel it is well worth the cost because it does what it says it will do
i suggest that you give it a go!
don't feel like you need it
worth it if you feel like treating yourself
this does not break me out
it did not disappoint
i decided to try this
the product does not dry me out or make me break out
i left it on my face for 15 min it doesn't say to do so
see if i could leave it on my face
whether you can or cannot relate
the idea that i don't have to get any on my fingers
i don't apply to my whole face at one time
i wear it alone
i would recommend this product to anyone
definitely can use it alone
i don't see how anyone can dislike this product.
this cleanser is the kind of higher end product that your skin will thank you for when you're 40
didn't know what to expect
will leave it there until i feel like splurging on myself
definitely going on my wish list!
you only need a little bit.
you do not need to rub hard.
this really does the trick
it did not feel heavy on my face.love it !
something i would use every night
let me see what i generally don't like about sleep masks is that they smell really intense
the only thing i didn't like about this product was that it didn't come with a little plastic spoon
it does make your skin look
really you use it as a noisturizer
the only reason this didn't get 5 stars was because it really didn't do anything to address "visible signs of aging" as it promised
i did not expect to love this product as much as i did
you have to try this out
you see a difference instantly
can't wait to use it again tomorrow.
i am not a person who typically writes reviews on anything
decided to give it a try
you will not be disappointed
it looks like i haven't used any of it
