i received the hydra-therapy mask as a gift
i has seen multiple dermatologist
tried many prescription medications to relieve the rash
i absolutely love this along with the lotion/toner
permanent spot in my skin care regimen.
i love using the firmarine bar as part of my cleansing ritual
it a don't' have any allergic reaction to this one
moisturize under my eyes
this cream calms redness
rice enzyme powder "exfoliant"
because it contains 3% oatmeal
which is a essential ingredient in every eczema cream in the drugstore
who pays $135 for an eczema cream?
you just have to learn the trick: exfoliate
no moisturizer or anything
with the use of acne medicines my skin has the tendency to go full tomato from time to time
it works good for eczema or any harsh redness!
soothing rice enzyme powder
woke up with moisturizers
this cream cured my winter dryness
very moisturizing, nice texture.
my skin is combination
during the day i use the pore perfecting water gel moisturizer
had just finished over using my retinol cream
this cream is everything!
the colloidal oatmeal gives greats hydration
now alot of people are complaining that its not moisturizing
i used it after a facial waxing
hoping the colloidal oatmeal would be soothing
shocked at how deeply moisturizing this is!
some moisturizers can be
it's my holy grail of facial creams.
its was so amazingly moisturizing
i found that other facial moisturizers wouldn't keep my skin hydrated
i spritz mist water on my face to help this cream to spread whole face
i love this moisturizer!
with my eczema i have tried everything
the true test of night creams is how well it treats winter skin
i tried algenist advanced wrinkle-fighting serum/cream
first aid beauty hydrating cream
suffer from hormonal acne on my cheeks
i like that it is fragrance free.
it is a very moisturizing
not sure if the indigo has helped decrease inflammation/redness
if you suffer from eczema
this is the best all in one moisturizer with gentle anti aging benefits
anyone with eczema/roseca/dermatitis: this is made for you
i also use the serum and mist at night.
i put this on after toner
sensitive skin loves this on top of their moisturizers
skeptical of trying any facial oils
hasn't oxidized like some of the other facials oils tend to do
i don't use a cleanser in the morning
sometimes i mix a few drops into my moisturizing body cream
i fell in love with tatcha when i first tried their exfoliating rice enzyme powder
it's moisturizing and it is just awesome.
it's moisturizing without being oily
i've loved your facial cream for a long time.
i also want a moisturizer that brightens
use my clinique exfoliating scrub
i've tried so many pm skin correcting creams
moisturizes through the night.
i got the blue tube hydrating one in mine
i love this exfoliator!
used in combination with the sephora exfoliating skin brushes
“i feel like i'm bathing in luxury”
i applied my moisturizer
moisturizers in this line
the fact that this helps with my skin redness
now i can focus on a serum with different benefits
i love this serum.
it's very moisturizing and has a nice scent.
i love this serum.
hydrating once i apply it
couldn't find the serum that would do all three.
i find myself using this serum with two pumps for night time
doesn't need a moisturizing cream afterwards
then in the morning i only use one pump then moisturizing cream afterwards
i started using this serum 5 days ago
i massage the serum into skin for about 30 sec
i've tried prescription rosacea cream
exfoliate so you will need other products for that
this serum is gentle but effective.
this serum far exceeded my expectations
i am also prone to eczema.
this serum cleared up the flakiness within a week
my redness diminishes more with each day that i use this serum — so glad i got it
i love this serum.
hyaluronic acid are the main ingredients
i highly recommend clients to apply this serum at night underneath the age reform hydro-dynamic moisturizer
then i found this serum
much better than the prescription gels/creams i was given
itchy pimples which really are my signs of spring allergy
cleansers were not hydrating my skin nearly enough
the redness therapy products
i love the murad serum.
i love the murad skin soothing serum.
i tend to over moisturize with lotion to compensate for dryness
with the murad serum i don't really even need lotion
excellant for my skin love the feeling boosts my moisturizing cream would recommend this to anyone
as an adult acne sufferer
stressed out from all of the acne products
my skin just drinks in this amazing serum
it was a nice hydrating base for my tinted moisturizer
best under eye massage with eye cream.
just this serum mornings and at bedtime.
love love this serum
the serum is illuminating in a moisturized way
i don't overdo it with eyeshadow brushes
i love this serum
dehydrated skin with mild rosacea
followed by a moisturizer or oil
this serum is a great price
i'll keep using this serum
she had me use a steroidal cream around my eyes for a few weeks
added fab's moisturizer to the mix
someone from sephora said a serum is the best way to start
this serum is so calming
this serum however soothes
i then use the fab face moisturizer
a clinique pep-start sun protection for my day skin care routine
just this and some sunscreen and i'm good to go.
if i'm going to wear makeup i put the coconut smoothie primer by fab over this
i started using this product with the fab ultra hydrating moisturizer
really helps minimize the drying effects of acne spot treatments
i read you shouldn't use any serums with vitamin c
i've found this serum to be great at night after using my retinoid cream
it is very moisturizing
my entire teen/adult life i have used cetaphil lotion as it is super gentle
the fab coconut skin smoothie priming moisturizer
this serum calmed my skin
this serum has changed all of it
which are the cleanser
the serum is a gel serum, and my skin loves it!
since this is called the ultimate repair hydrating serum
it's a gel instead of serum.
i started using this serum about a year ago
i started using this serum every morning under my moisturizer
i should mention moisturizing
hydrating in this review
the ingredients in the serum are incredible
this serum is wonderful!
this serum is amazing!
i don't like using medicated creams on my face
this is a good serum.
i love this serum.
this help soothes redness
it's easy to be blended into the fab moisturizer or serum or some other moisturizers
$36 is a steal compared to other serums at sephora
this serum is perfection.
it is a clear, odorless gel/serum.
this product combined with my favourite moisturizer has been a lifesaver
i love the fact that this serum is oil free.
it has even helped with any topical retinoid use
which i sure has to do with the hyaluronic acid
this is a foaming cleansing bar without a surfectant ingredient that i am allergic to
the serum did nothing else than to complete my skin care regime
this gel-like serum helped moisturize my skin
all serums should come like this
this is the most calming serum i've tried.
i never feel the need to wear makeup when i use this serum
i've never used a serum before
you have to use a moisturizer after
i live for any product that has a lot of hyrdration i recommend that you use the first aid beauty ultra repair cream after the serum dries
months with flakey dry skin because of my prescription retinol
i would smother my skin with moisturizers
only adding this serum made the difference.
i wouldn't recommend using this serum on your entire face
this serum has been doing its job
i needed an am moisturizer that was light for my combo skin
it is a great price for a serum
while i'm applying eye cream
i apply my mattifying moisturizer
this is an excellent serum
works well with fab facial moisturizer
for my combo skin
this serum has been good in most seasons
the serum absorbs into the skin
the only con about this serum is the cost
i used this on my son's sunburn!
i follow with a spf moisturizer
once the serum dries
i follow with my cerave pm moisturizer
it's not as dense as their ultra repair facial moisturizer
it's a light, soft serum.
works miracles overnight for moisturizing
before you apply any moisturizer
or any other products you use on your skin like good genes or drunk elephants glycolic night serum
what happens is this hydrating serum helps your skin absorb everything you put on it
this serum restored the balance
i've tried every serum out there
it compliments any moisturizer i use.
i love this serum
this is serum will leave your skin hydrated even if it is sensitive
this serum actually does a good job of hydrating without a greasy residue
i'll never use another facial moisturizing product
especially for your first serum
this serum is amazing for dry/sensitive skin.
i think it's a great serum for the price
this serum hydrates just the same
it's helped moisturize my skin.
this serum was the st
paired with the fab moisturizer
perfect for quick morning moisturizing.
i love the gel consistency
great serum for my slightly dry skin
this serum made my skin plump
i love the gel consistency of this.
even though i moisturized prior to applying makeup
i think of it as healing vitamins for my face
don't expect this to a moisturizing step in your routine if you have drier skin
this serum is fabulous
i used in combination with a moisturizer for my combination skin
melasma in conjunction with oh sheer transformation
this serum greatly reduced the dry
hormonal acne-prone skin
using this along with moisturizer
toner has my skin looking younger
do have to moisturize after my shower
tried this soap in a kit.
this soap is amazing on my skin
my skin is acne prone
i've also been using the facial serum
repair lotions without any skin reactions
demonstrated how to clean a beauty blender with this soap
the beauty blender cleanser is more expensive
it is so moisturizing and soothing!!
although i still apply vitamin e caps
i've never found a body wash or soap that is this hydrating
i'd highly recommend this soap for people with psoriasis
works great with their serum!
i used this as a serum type treatment under my normal moisturizer
this serum is really hydrating.
usually i have to use both lotion
with this serum i only need lotion
feel i don't need to since i started using the serum in combination with my fresh black tea moisturizer
i absolutely love the scent of this serum.
decided to try the corset cream
50ml one this time
the serum is really firming and hydrating.
after using this fresh serum under the fresh moisturizer it gives hydration
i've tried so many serums
in the daytime underneath my sunscreen
since i used this serum with clinique moisture surge on top
i've even tried clarins v-shape serum
this serum made the circles look smaller
i never wore sunscreen
will buy the toner to use them together
most serums i really need to moisturize afterwards
i soon rid my bathroom of other serums
i now use a quick spot of hyaluronic acid
i absolutely love my new black tea serum!
creates a good base for concealer
the smooth applicator helps massage the product in for those wow results
it moisturizers my under eyes
perfect for keeping my concealer on all day
as for the applicator
i prefer other eye creams though
i don't think its been working well with my foundation/concealer
the applicator really helps with massaging my eye area to reduce puffiness
moist for my concealer application
after applying my concealer
takes care of morning puffiness
i've tried a lot of eye creams
it's great for priming before concealer/color corrector
i've bought every expensive concealer
etc drawer full of concealers
reduced puffiness means i can use concealer to hide the circles
it's nicely moisturizing without being greasy
my night eye serum is too slick to put makeup over
makes concealer go on great
it helps with puffiness
love applying with my nighttime face gel
i've stopped using concealer under my eyes
however, it is very moisturizing and isn't tacky.
i truly love the texture which is very emollient
improves concealer application/prevents creasing
it pairs wonderfully with my undereye concealer
amazing as a base for concealer
is the hydration it provides
it is not as moisturizing as i like
bought 5 skin care products from clinique
with clinique's product line of skin correcting creams
the applicator is super cute.
many different moisturizers in my life
this moisturizer leaves my skin dewy
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
i love their moisturizers
this is my newest and fave eye serum!
been using this with its ceramic applicator
i love the hydration
use the rice enzyme powder
then i apply this eye serum
i love this serum
smooth with my nars concealer
i've tried a ton of eye creams
i love this eye serum for the morning
i don't use my regular face moisturizer around my eyes if i'm using this firming serum--too moisturizing
this serum is the perfect consistency for an under eye treatment
you know how some sunscreens
this moisturizer is easy to apply
this lotion is great for my combination oily/sensitive skin
most moisturizers only contain spf of around 15-25
this moisturizer feels light yet moisturizing
most moisturizers come in jar packaging
with this sunscreen under it
love this lightweight moisturizer.
i tend to like "thicker" moisturizers
i love how moisturizing it is.
some moisturizers will cause me to break out
this moisturizer is light feeling
not at all greasy like many moisturizers with spf
not sure if it's moisturizing enough for the winter
s of day cream with sunscreen
it offers optimal protection from the sun without feeling like a heavy sunscreen
provides the perfect amount of moisturizer for my dry skin
it's very moisturizing for my fair
i don't really get a super sunscreen smell
i wear dhc rich lotion
this moisturizer is great with the added benefit of a sunscreen
most sunscreens are greasy or heavy
i've tried several different lotions
serums in this br
this is my it cream.
it is a good moisturizer base
even though i have oily skin i still need a moisturizer to help fight aging
she said to look for one that is an antioxidant-rich product including vitamin c
i knew this must be a good moisturizer since it has the ingredients that my dermatologist told me to use including the spf 30 sun protection
the essential-c moisturizer is a very lightweight lotion
moisturizes all day long
with an spf 30 i'm also getting great sun coverage without having to put on extra sunscreen
this is one of the only spf lotions/creams that rehydrates it
a daycream and spf all in one
this moisturizer has a similar scent
texture that regular sunscreens have
of all the face creams i have tried
i love the nice moisturizing
i used clinique moisturizer for many years
i love this moisturizer.
this it's my ideal daytime face lotion providing from sun damage:
especially ones with sunscreen
it has a sunscreen scent which i do like.
plus i don't have to use a sunscreen
uvb rays where others moisturizers only protect against uvb
is that i do feel it needs a bit more of a moisturizing effect
it uses talc which absorbs oil
i also bought murad's anti-acne body spray
age-balancing night cream
i looked into a ton of night moisturizers/creams
the moisturizing is incredibly hydrating
it takes a good product to break an addicition to my guinot moisturizers
i found it in this nightime moisturizer
when i wear a night cream that is too thick or too moisturizing
i usually use serums
they aren't moisturizing enough
the murad night cream is moisturizing
i like this night cream
since my dermatologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i used it at bedtime
works great with the night reform serum!
of cream for my face
i've tried all manner of eye creams
i recommend this cream to all mothers with normal skin
murad eye lift firming treatment is amazing!!!
my holy grail eye treatment!
i didn't find it hydrating
texture that shows under my concealer
peeling or any sign of dryness that comes with other retinol products i have used
use a moisturizer after applying.
i as scared to use retinol because i'm in my twenties with no breakouts
i've used the ovm serum twice
acne that i've been put on antibiotics for
the serum is also non greasy
dark spots this is the overnight serum for you
have been using wrinkle cream for it
i applied this mask underneath my night time moisturizer
moisturizes at the same time
slapping some moisturizer on i would apply this
i also exfoliate with a clarisonic before applying
the dna firming neck cream
the ruby crystal retinol cream
i would suggest using needles no more face serum
used all of my serums from lightest to thickest
crows feet use the pump serum
spend a lot on serums and creams.
i wear it every morning under my moisturizer
have spent the extra money on botox
i'd be sitting getting botox
you still need to use a moisturizer.
applied this in lieu of my usual serums underneath moisturizer
i only use it in the am before my moisturizer
then i pat my eye cream/moisturizer over it
along with the lift serum
it is not a moisturizer so you are told to add your moisturizer on top of it
kate somerville liquid quench are my skin care
much better results than the peterthomasroth anti-wrinkle serum i was trying
put moisturizer over top
tried all of their high dollar "miracle" potions
use a moisturizer over the product if needed
i've tried bunches of moisturizers from various br
my skin is moisturizing
the laser focus serum is really working
night as i don't react well to creams that have sunscreen in them
this is great as a moisturizer under a cc cream or foundation
the this cream was recommended for my skin type
thought it was time to start using an anti age serum
dry from chemo treatment
i need rich creams
i've used the visionnaire serum for a while.
this is a revolutionary gel type moisturizer that truly hydrates like a heavy cream
plumps the skin with hydration
this cream can only be described as airbrushing in a jar
with only a little their pressed serum
along with their pressed serum
this moisturizer is the most hydrating!
this keeps your skin moisturizers all day.
too moisturizing for a day cream.
i've tried samples of "sleeping mask/creams"
during the day my moisturizer of choice is ren evercalm global day cream
i've used other 'anti aging' moisturizers that i've liked
i try different moisturizers
this moisturizer gives my skin an all day
i did not try it for deep wrinkles as i use botox for that
i will be buying it as a moisturizer
this isn't magic or a real filler or botox
it moisturizes the skin like no other.
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
this eye moisturizer rocks!!!!!
this eye moisturizer is the only moisturizer i know of that you can put on eyelids
works wonders for moisturizing under my eyes
it's a staple in my facial routine.
is not heavy under concealer
i tried a ptr serum first
the serum does not really help with eyelids
this is my new favorite eye serum!
more awake with this serum
this was my first time using a retinol
i love that this is a retinol you can use every night
i love that this is natural forms of retinol being an acne prone client i was skeptical of purging like other retinols have done to my skin
redness or pain with this product
a exfoliating treatment with the two liquid quench bottles
the key ingredient is the retinol.
before all of the serums
hormonal acne on my chin
i top this with bare minerals serum
i paired it with the josie maran argan oil face
so that you can layer up your serum + moisturizer combo
i like that i can use a retinol product followed by my normal serum
it is very moisturizing
this is so moisturizing
this is a gentle yet effective moisturizing mask.
i am a huge believer in moisturizers.
instead simply apply serum
extra repair moisturizing balm
put the detoxifying mask where i am prone to breakout
also works well as a moisturizer.
followed by the instant detox then finish with the skin nourish
then apply bobbi brown vitamin enriched face base
before my toner for best results
this functions more as an exfoliator to me.
actually purchased this as part of a mini trio set with the exfoliating mask
this is an ok exfoliating cleanser for sensitive skin
which has been the case with other exfoliating products
especially given the bad reactions i've had to products with natural fruit enzymes
i really like this exfoliate.
dermabrasion exfoliant during various times a week
this exfoliant helps me to keep my skin smooth in between those stronger treatments without drying me out or causing irritation
searching for a good daily cleanser
enter kate somerville exfolikate cleanser daily foaming wash
was hesitant to use an exfoliating daily cleanser
it is definitely an effective everyday exfoliator
i will return back to the korres daily exfoliator
this cleanser has changed my skin
i tried cleansers with salicylic acid
i love this cleanser!
topicals from the dermatologist
gentle cleanser that does not strip face oils.
i like that it's packed with enzymes to exfoliate
not only does it help moisturize
since using this cleanser
it had some exfoliating granules
i preferred the granules!
i love this cleanser
this exfolikate cleanser is one of them
i normally follow any wash with a toner
i love this cleanser.
exfoliates my skin without over drying
i love the luxury of having my exfoliator
lactic acid treatment in my cleanser
gentle cleansers for years
this product coupled with the ptr pumpkin enzyme mask have my acne scars completely gone
impurities at the end of the day
helps with hormonal acne.
my holy grail cleanser
too pricey for just exfoliating though.
it has gotten rid of my hormonal acne
so i'm on my 2nd tube of this cleanser.
clears complexion in my opinion because of the papaya in there i'd suggest wearing strong sunblock after this
that this is a chemical exfoliator
of the treatment with the pineapple
the first aid beauty red clay cleanser
it has cleared up my hormonal breakouts
she recommended washing my face with the product
the lather is amazing
the gentle daily cleanser is more effective on my skin than the ks intensive exfoliator meant to be used 1-2x a week
the current face wash i'm using started getting a weird medicinal smell
have been using this cleanser since i ran out of my fresh soy face cleanser
this cleanser deserves every ounce of credit
the exfoliation is gentle
i love this cleanser
good exfoliating option for sensitive skin gals like me
the hydrating acne spot gel
the goat milk moisturizer
the foaming acne mask
my skin is combination
don't remover my makeup first
i love this cleanser!
i still need to use a moisturizing oil after cleansing
twice a day with an exfoliating sponge
now people are confused that this is an exfoliant
this is a cream cleanser with exfoliating properties
as well as eczema patches.
i personally like a tad more of an exfoliator in my cleansers
that's what cleansers are for
mild exfoliation as well
this cleanser always feels very exfoliating
tried a lot of different cleansers
an employee recommended it to me for "acne scars"
if you are not exfoliating then
i love this cleanser!
moisturizer it works out fine
after a month of use my skin has had less acne breakouts
i’ve tried countless other cleansers
i decided to purchase the kate somerville exfolikate cleanser daily foaming wash
the fruit enzymes help reduce any puffiness
it exfoliates without harsh beads
this cleanser is amazing for my combination skin!
papaya is excellent for lightening dark spots/hyperpigmentation
i think it's because of the sulfate free formula.
it was instant love with this cleanser
i love this cleanser!
exfoliating particles are really fine
i originally used the glycolic acid 3% facial wash from ptr for years
i love this cleanser.
in a pinch i used some to wash my beauty blender
i would recommend this cleanser to anyone who has combo-oily skin h
follow up with a good toner
the purifying gel was spot on.
must follow with a good moisturizer!!
like all other cleansers
i liked the cleanser.
it was purifying yet hydrating.
i didnt want to like this cleanser
she recommended the new irish moor mud purifying cleanser
i lather it with my h
not super drying like acne cleansers.
completely removed all my makeup including waterproof mascara
take note of the caution regarding sun exposure following the use of this product suggesting the use of sunscreen
with the help of a good moisturizer
it hydrates my skin
the product helps with acne
i love this cleanser!!!
my skin is more matte
paired with the sulfur mask by ptr
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser has dried up all my existing acne
i love this cleanser.
i pair this cleanser with my clarisonic, love it!
i like this cleanser
i love this moisturizer!
like to have a little more lather in my cleanser
applied the serum with my fingers
there is no topical cream
the serum container is glass
i've tried other eye cream br
much less concealer to use.
the real deal is the rollerball serum.
the professional version of the neuroliquid serum is almost double the strength of the st
peter roth to manufacture a full size bottle of the professional neuroliquid serum
this is my go-to moisturizer in the winter.
in the morning i put on the moisturizer
i needed a lighter moisturizer
at night i follow with the light argan oil for added hydration
her oil cleanser as well
i do exfoliate 2x a day
i did get the unscented
trying countless different moisturizers to soothe my dry sensitive skin
this cream is my holy grail for face creams.
this cream has completely cured the dryness!
i buy the unscented one
adding moisturizers every morning
have used the 100% argan oil as an am/pm moisturizer off
this is my go to moisturizer every morning.
i initially got the unscented version of this which was fine
i've had to use hydrocortisone valerate cream for my dry skin
over top of my night moisturizer
this cream at night
this is my go-to winter moisturizer.
after just one use of this moisturizer
s of dollars of nighttime oils
this is the first nighttime moisturizer where:
that's the cost of how hydrating it is
neck after i use l'occitane shea cleansing oil
after about a week of using this moisturizer
i recommend the unscented one
in the pm i use this + jm argan oil light for extra moisture
this is the only face lotion that i've found that hydrates without breaking out
i love this moisturizer!
cruelty free night cream
i exfoliate/use my mia fairly regularly
/or have the time to prep well before moisturizing
everyone forbids moisturizing oily skin
this cream works wonders
finally a moisturizer that hydrates
hydration it can offer
i apply more at night in combo with the argan oil
sensitive skin with eczema
i incorporated this moisturizer into my new beauty regimen
after trying other moisturizers
this moisturizer seals in the oils
my serums/oils were never being soaked in by my skin
that has totally changed my moisturizing experience
good for a moisturizing primer!
i pat some 100% pure argan oil over it at night.
hydrating, moisturizing, and makes my skin glow!
this is basically the 100% pure argan oil air whipped with hyaluronic acid
an unscented moisturizer made with plant oil
love this product for a night-time moisturizing cream
its more like a cream then a moisturizer
after a terrible experience with facial oils
i love that this is unscented
as i hate applying scented products to my face
i think i may have to add a drop of argan oil to it or use argan oil over it in the winter
low for a good facial cream
i usually use the sunscreen during the day
it is certainly is moisturizing
perhaps it is my clairins serum that is making this product pill
this is a super hydrating night cream
for ultra hydration in the colder months i follow with 100% pure argan oil as recommended on the jar
this moisturizer is amazing at balancing my skin
this moisturizer my skin without any irritation or breakout
this melts into your skin for all day soft moisturizing effect
concealer when applying my makeup
this cream is solustion for hidration
i've already got a daytime lotion with spf that i love
had been using some pure argan oil
that putting it on was like an orgasm for skin
which is now in everything from moisturizers to makeup to hair care
this cream is dimethicone free
sometimes i use a argan oil
then i liberally apply this moisturizer
this product is labeled as unscented
this stuff is so moisturizing it's just amazing
i organ ally bought the josie maran with sunscreen lotion
its super moisturizing but not oily and heavy.
the formula is aerated
my all time favorite hydrating face mask
this mask feels more like a wipe-off moisturizer
i look forward to using it as an alternative to moisturizing cream during the dry winter months
declutter my bathroom shelves
a 10min application of this rich glycerin-containing mask removes dull skin
provide moisture by hyaluronic acid
i plan to try it as an overnight masque
we need to be moisturizing our precious aging pretty faces
masks don't need perfumes
i opted to use it as an overnight mask after exfoliating
fresh soy cleanser followed by the dr br
it does have added fragrance
the two treatments together also did wonders for my blackheads
the best moisturizing mask i've tried.
my skin is combination
i get perioral dermatitis
it's going to be my new exfoliating treatment
my skin is exfoliated
it's also a great to exfoliate with in the morning before makeup application
moisturizers at the same time which is hard to find in a mask/scrub
this is a must in my skin care regimen
the salts are not harsh on your skin
has large granules of sugar as well as pomegranate seeds
after the shower i applied a moisturizer that was included in the kit
before i use toner
the base is super moisturizing i def reccomend to let it sit on your skin for a good 3-5 min before scrubbing
the exfoliation was amazing
i am a big fan of ole's vitamin c products
i give my face a light spritz of water which makes the application easy
i put this on before i moisturize my body
then i out on my toner
the exfoliation is gentle and not irritating.
is of vitamins c to help my skin glow after days or nights of makeup wearing
t can exfoliate while you wash it off
they get the exfoliation job done
such an amazing exfoliator!
i absolutely love this exfoliating mask!
the sugar exfoliant is on the large size which i think helps buff away more dry skin
this mask exfoliates, brightens, and polishes!
my skin is combo in the tzones
exfoliates and soothes skin at the same time.
i love any thing exfoliating
i take fluid pills and blood thinners.
it does a great job exfoliating my skin
i also use the collagen booster
cleansers are no-gos for me
the exfoliate is gentle on the skin
then the truth serum collagen booster
vitamin c serum after
this cleanser makes it a soothing
i am normally a philosophy one step purity cleanser girl
for my acne prone skin
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
s to make the cleanser foam a little
i think i'll switch to a more moisturizing face cleanser
i love this cleanser.
it washes of any sunscreen or foundation i may have on
i really like this skin cleanser.
its one of the better cleansers i've used
including other cleansers in the murad line
wear light tinted moisturizer during the day
this face wash is moisturizing
makeup from my skin
the murad "pomegranate cleanser" is a two-in-one dual-purpose product that cleanses
used my regular toner on my face
even though the "refreshing skin cleanser" is a good cleanser
i am going to stick with the pomegranate cleanser because of it being a cleanser
toner all in one
including just plain ivory soap that a dermatologist recommended
even the murad acne cleanser
i love the murad refreshing skin cleanser.
provides a nice clean pallete for my daily moisturizing routine
gentle cleanser removes makeup
i switch to the clarifying cleanser
the refreshing cleanser at night
this is not an exfoliating cleanser
i received a sample of this product in my play box just in time to battle a hormonal acne breakout
this mask ha helped my acne
combination skin with mild rosacea
a hyaluronic face lotion so my pores aren't massive to begin with
acne prone my skin is
i cleanse with fab
works wonders for my acne prone skin
i struggle with my acne
it also extracts blackheads and impurities well.
/or acne-prone skin
takes care of my blackheads
this exfoliates your skin
moisturizes skin at the same time
medicinal which i don't find surprising because it is skin care
acts as tinted moisturizer
it replaces my under eye concealer and bb cream.
firmness to my skin that i'm *pretty sure* is attri
i decided to buy this serum after trying the ferulic + retinol peel
this serum really did improve my skin.
this is a great retinal cream
i received a 2 week trial that included this serum
it was suggested to try this serum
i got this in the combo serum/peel pads
this serum from our br
this will be my new night serum.
have used the brightening serum as well as the alpha beta peel pads
it's almost like botox in a serum
also really like that it is free of parabens
i love this serum
your moisturizer glides on
i love this serum.
this serum is bomb
this serum is a part of that
leaves my skin glowing with a slight moisturizing effect
this serum is lightweight
i am on my third bottle of this serum.
in conjunction with my moisturizer
i keep finding myself trying other serums
i love this serum.
it is not intended to replace a moisturizer- it is a serum
i got this serum to replace the sephora br
i've never used serum before
the serum feels nourishing
decided to try their serum
after i wash my face with the clay chameleon cleanser i apply this serum
i never would have thought about buying a serum
i would use this by itself as a moisturizer
this serum literally makes my face glow.
i've tried every serum under the sun
even my facialist noted how soft my skin was
i've tried a few serums that made me burn
my skin usually hates moisturizers.
s don't absorb lotions
i usually put it on in the morning after washing my face with the ptr alpha-hydrozy cleanser
heavy moisturizers make me break out
i don't have wrinkles
lightly moisturizes before i put my moisturizer on
light, serum texture, absorbs quickly.
it's so moisturizing and revitalizing.
would prefer to do preventative skin care
no difference in diet
i layer multiple serums
my makeup goes on flawlessly with this serum
i often put my actual eye cream over the serum
exfoliating then cover it with my night time moisturizer
i feel like my skin is absorbing the serum
since i started using this serum
after a few nights of first using this serum under my usual keihls super multi-corrective cream i noticed my skin looked more vibrant
i like this serum very much sinks into the skin
before i apply my moisturizer
it truly is a lightweight serum
especially after putting a light coating of moisturizer
not oily like a serum
just this product followed by a moisturizer with spf
i decided to buy this serum
definitely recommend this serum
i constantly use serums
use it day and night before moisturizing.
better than the raw maple serum.
this serum had made my skin smoother
this serum is so amazing it keeps it in check
this serum loves to diminish fine lines
palmitoyl-tripeptide-1 in this serum
not only did this serum make my skin super soft
used to use clinique smart serum
the serum itself is light
i will continue to repurchase this fabulous serum
every time i say the name of this serum
it's probably the combination of niacinamide
it is so moisturizing and hydrating.
have replaced my normal serum with this sample til it's gone
(the other serum is alot more expensive).
id never considered a serum before.
this is the first serum i've ever tried
this is hands down, my new favorite serum!
it works great in conjuction with my algenist firming lotion
this serum is the best that i have tried.
i applied my moisturizer on after the serum
the serum is a little on the thin
it's a serum + essence that gives my skin my natural glow
of my light weight moisturizer
i got tired of using scented lotion
i find that applying this helps hydrate the skin w/o causing irritation
already own the hydrating oil
it just smells like the herbal ingredients
i love it as a cuticle balm!
also have used it for sunburn
it soothes my sunburn
i apply after cleansing
as a serum-moisturizer under makeup or over makeup as a setter/highlighter?
because it rollerball applicator
it is great for on-the-go moisturizing
i tried using it as a moisturizer
then applying moisturizer over
this is my new go-to moisturizer
i always had breakouts related to moisturizers
the rollerball applicator is great
helps a lot with blending in concealer
i really like this oil and the applicator.
since i use retin a
conditioners weigh it down
s for overnight moisturizing
i also get the gel version of retin a which does peel your skin
i can now wear powder blushes like i used to as well as just cream or oil based products
milk's face gloss or their hydrating oil stick
i didn't experience any significant moisturizing benefits which would cause me to purchase it again
this multipurpose oil hydrates
massage this into my skin
it has a very intense herbal scent
some of the other milk makeup products
well i start with josie maran light argan oil
use with a high hydration face cream
this is amazing as an all over body moisturizer.
powders look dry on my skin
the hydrating oil stick alone
as a moisturizer before makeup it is 100!!!!
the cooling water is more of a moisturizer
i apply a little bit of a normal moisturizer
it is def moisturizing
it got dirty with my nars bronzer/blushes
i think i've unlocked the key to the dewy look i've wanted by priming with the glossier priming moisturizer first
the texture is okay/ spreadable
love my new hydrating stick that contains natural oils such as apricot
hydrating oil-based stick
it's replaced my moisturizer
this has changed my eyeshadow!
i apply my eyeshadow as usual
pat it over my applied eyeshadow
even alone over moisturizer
which will be the true moisturizing test
if i do not moisturize several times a day
super moisturizing for my dry skin.
i've used it as a serum, primer and highlighter.
i love using oils to moisturize instead of creams
moisturize under my eyes in the morning
my skin is combo
moisturize with this after taking off my makeup
it hydrates your skin
i've started using this as a daytime moisturizer
if i give myself a little facial massage
on my head during a migraine
hydrating for my skin
seawater, caffeine- infused gel stick
i applied this to my skin before makeup
it is moisturizing enough for me
it might not be moisturizing enough for people with dry skin
i tried it under my eyes before applying concealer
my concealer overall blended
i also use it for sunburns.
i love products from milk makeup
moisturizing the parts of your skin that need extra moisture at times
it is super moisturizing
before bed as my daily moisturizer
light weight hydration and cooling effect.
like some water based moisturizers do
or if you have rosacea
she hates putting creams
it also moisturizes my skin
moisturize my undereye area
makes my skin matte
this moisturizer is lightweight enough to go under my tinted moisturizer
doesn't pill under primer
via ipsy with their eye serum
i tried this moisturizer
instant hydration for my dull skin
i've used all kinds of light moisturizers
this moisturizer changed the game for me!
it hydrates my skin
try new moisturizers from time to time
doesn't pill under makeup
if it didn't work for you because you're allergic to retinol
this product has retinol in it.
you do not apply retinol in the morning.
that is to speed up cell turnover while moisturizing
you may wish to moisturize on top of this
finally found perfect moisturizer for my combination skin
great, light weight moisturizer!
most good moisturizers don't
just not as a daytime lotion
for daytime i stick to a balancing primer + makeup with spf to eliminate an additional layer of lotion-y product
my skin is combination
i would like to use more retinol products as i age
this moisturizer is light
i try new moisturizers and serums constantly.
so moisturizing is critical for me
a good moisturizing night cream
i've tried every oil free or acne moisturizer around
nothing helped except for this murad lotion
i love this moisturizer!
i love this lotion.
i find this acts more as a retinol product
which are signs of sensitivity to retinol
don't use this if you know you're allergic to retinol
the rapid pigment lightening serum
i will never use another moisturizer.
this lotion moisturizes my skin without causing breakouts
this lotion is a life saver.
after using the murad cleanser
this lotion is light
this is the only moisturizer i can use for my skin
this lotion is perfect for my combination skin.
clearand my acne love this product.
i like how lightweight the lotion is
i tried some other night cremes
this is the perfect night time moisturizer for people with oily skin
it is moisturizing enough to prevent dryness
have tried other moisturizers
this lotion is smooth
i find myself just duplicating a lotion
this is my forever moisturizer.
it's very moisturizing without being greasy.
it did hydrate my skin and improve my acne.
this lotion does not have spf
this is the only moisturizer i use.
josie maran argan or tarte maracuja
skin allergy having skin
i will apply the lotion at 8am
this lotion for night is perfection
been able to find an effective moisturizer that gives me the needed moisturize my face needs
including those specially formulated with acne treatment ingredients
i've tried many oil-free moisturizers
i would definitely recommend this moisturizer
especially when it comes to moisturizers
it's designed for both aging and acne prone skin.
this is a great moisturizer if you have oily skin
i wanted a daytime moisturizer that would help with my oiliness
when ever i need extra hydration i would mix 2 drops of my clarins lotus oil with it
i asked about acne products
was recommended the acne trial kit for $30
i love this moisturizer
i tried the cleanser
i love this moisturizer.
this lotion really is life changing
i used this murad moisturizer in winter
7 fl oz/ 20 ml more than the trial pack
this lotion hydrates your face without making you look greasy or increasing acne
i keep straying from this moisturizer
a good everyday moisturizer for the price
its a great moisturizer for acne prone skin
contains retinol which is great
night after the murad cleanser
don't think of this as a moisturizer
i will continue to buy this moisturizer
this is the perfect combination of acne control with hydration
i've tried so many different moisturizers
it fully moisturizers my dry skin
i am on my 3rd tube of the murad skin perfecting lotion
i wear this as my night moisturizer over the philosophy time in a bottle serum
my skin just looks better using this murad lotion
the skin perfecting lotion at night
then apply the skin perfecting lotion
most lotions make me break out
feel smother because of retinol
us acne prone clients hate to moisturize our blemishes
drying them out with our usual acne treatments cleansers
this repairing lotion helps treat acne while moisturizing your face after all that hard work you put into clearing it
this is salicylic acid free.
i needed a light moisturizer
paraben free lotion that performs miracles
spot serum before bed
i think this is the perfect moisturizer for someone with oily skin
i am in love with this moisturizer
super hydrating at the same time
*my last moisturizer was bare minerals for combo skin which is good
it sets the skin up to soak in all he nutrients or treatments in the mask you are using
it's one of the few moisturizers i didn't have an allergic reaction to
this is my favorite facial moisturizer.
a lightweight moisturizer that doesn't break out my acne prone skin
after an oil cleanser
i massage it on my face
i wear bare minerals eyeshadows
cause acne or dryness
i used this with the hydrating face mask
i always use a toner before applying a mask.
this "maskimizer" is just a spray toner
antioxidant-enriched spray toner
i don't use primers for face
i feel like you could spritz this on whenever
i love my sprays
instead of a mask primer i use this as a toner
hydration mist since the ingredients are essentially emollients
marine algae complex is a great moisturizer.
an essence or serum
any toner would do that
would consider as a toner
from a cheap sheet mask up through my ptr cucumber detox
i prefer an aerosol, like evian's.
the cleansing gel smell is also amazing!!
it's everything i could want in a facial cleanser
i love the moisturizer, too.
i started using this cleanser
hydrates as it cleanses
after using this cleanser
my skin craves this cleanser!
scent does not smell like dog shampoo
more like sunscreen not too strong scent
i generally use milky cream cleansers
i received the travel size cleanser as a gift
sometimes it dries out my skin so use a moisturizing cleanser
love this face cleanser
very moisturizing to the skin
even the unscented soaps irritate my skin
my go to facial cleanser!
i love this cleanser.
i liked this moisturizer
always have to pair with a moisturizer
i love this cleanser.
la roche posay gel cleanser
i used a konjac sponge to lather this on
this is a gentle cleansing gel.
unlike other deep cleansing gel/exfoliators
i follow with clinique clarifying lotion.
i really love this cleansing gel.
i like the marine mist and the moisturizer.
i love this cleanser
the drink h2o moisturizer
i love this cleanser!
is preferably fragrance free
i liked nude skincare omega cleansing jelly
for a cleanser with mainly natural cleansing ingredients it gently delivers what it promised
it's hypoallergenic so not synthetic fragrance added
trying out their hydrating skin saver set
it comes with a mini version of this cleanser
this cleanser has single h
love that it is hypoallergenic too!!
this cleanser is bomb.
my new go-to face wash and makeup remover in one!
i would call it medicinal smelling.
i also use the h2o moisturizer
i love the light herbal scent
it was slightly less moisturizing than tatcha
this is my first oil cleanser
i follow this with cerave foaming cleanser
it reminds me of when i go for facials – the texture
i've tried alot of different oil cleansers
i love all of the bare mineral products.
i've tried many oil cleansers from boscia to dhc
moisturizing and all around great cleanser.
i tried the charcoal cleansers
i do not have to exfoliate
prior to using this i was using nude omega jelly cleanser
i've used countless makeup removers
i may need a different cleanser that's more moisturizing for fall/winter
i love this face cleanser!
i loved the thickness of the cleanser
it is very detoxifying
this clay creme cleanser is amazing if you have dry skin
night with the serum from the same line
i always reach for gel formulated washes
moisturizers because i have larger pores that tend to clog when i use creams
wanted to try out a new acne-clearing cleanser
most cleansers with salicylic acid are for my face
i still use the bm chameleon clay cleanser with it though
i love this acne cleanser.
i would recommend using a good moisturizer to restore your skin's hydration after cleansing
had added a face wash targeting acne
its moisturizing and very gentle.
would recommend for acne/combination skin.
i am partial to gel cleansers
normally i use cheaper drugstore moisturizers
only use oil free moisturizers
it's my new daily moisturizer.
this moisturizer is an extremely lightweight creamy gel
the moisturizer i used to use was recently reformulated
this moisturizer sinks in quick
love the fact that it is a gel instead of a lotion
this is such an amazing light weight gel moisturizer
other than origins moisturizers
it is a lightweight non greasy moisturizer.
this is my go to summer face lotion.
this moisturizer helps my skin to retain moisture without adding extra oils to my face
it is a very light moisturizer
unlike many other moisturizers
this emulsion is amazing
moisturizing my very complicated skin
i recently was prescribed more gels
ter drench during the winter
this cream is light
very effective at moisturizing
it's not super moisturizing though
i am loving this moisturizer.
this has been a great daytime moisturizer
i can't wait to try the serum next.
i definitely recommend this moisturizer
the slight scent of eucalyptus is slightly therapeutic
this one has shea
it is extremely moisturizing
this is super moisturizing.
this is one of my top ten moisturizers.
i am in love with butter drench.
i used the previous bareminerals nourishing face cream
this moisturizer lasts all day
luxurious hydration without cheap mineral oil
this moisturizer is okay.
/or look into their nighttime moisturizer
breaking out with the moisturizer i was using
the added bonus to my dewy skin was mixing olé herkernison serum to the moisturizer
before or you can mix into the moisturizer
behold he found this serum which is the same price as the farsali elixir
the fresh rose petals that are in the serum make it more potent
the oil extremely moisturizing
i love facial oils
i can't use the other vitamin c serums from any br
helps with the redness
i mix this into my moisturizer when i go makeup free
sensitivity or the redness
night underneath my moisturizer
this is the only vitamin c product that doesn't make me sunburn
this was my first step into the world of facial oils
i often skip moisturizing
i tried other vitamin c br
i mix a drop of the serum with the rose night cream before bed
silicone-filled moisturizers to put the moisture back into my skin
opted for a gentle face wash free of acne fighting acids
this goes on before moisturizer
hydrating, brightening, naturally derived .
used straight from the bottle or mixed with a moisturizer
night in lieu of a serum
i can safely use my exfoliating products in winter without redness or chapped skin
i started mixing in a few drops with my retinol cream before moisturizing at night
it's like it gives my retinol cream an extra punch
this moisturizing oil leaves my skin silky smooth
it didn't layer well over a serum that i was using at the time
it pairs well layered with a moisturizer
most of the time i use it as a night moisturizer or under my night cream
i tried different products that claimed to be hydrating
no amount of mattifying lotion or primer would help
this is a great vitamin c serum to try.
i find at night it's not moisturizing enough
i mix it with my regular moisturizer for an extra luxurious lotion that smells amazing
dark spots faster than my kiehls daytime serum
testing products for my skin
my combination skin was missing its nightly dose of oil
i got the idea to combine it with the sleeping facial to boost the hydration
i don't have acne
it contains vitamin c
dark spots along with the topical treatments i use
this oil is so moisturizing without being greasy
this product helps my moisturizer deep into my skin
add this to your moisturizing routine
the 3 drops has been moisturizing enough
i've tried lots of different oils since i prefer facial oils to lotions for moisturizing my face
it won't compete with any fragrance you're wearing like a scented body lotion might
at my last facial
the technician highly recommended a vitamin c oil
i apply this after my clinique acne toner
vitamin c, rose, rose petals?
tone my skin after cleansing
refreshing gel-cream that you apply all over your eye area
moisturizing, anti aging and not oily!
this cream works wonders.
such an amazing moisturizer
feels after applying this gel-cream
meet the purpose for hydration
heard moisturizer could help
it's my new everyday moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer.
best moisturizer i have used on my oily skin
the rainforest of the sea™ drink of h2o hydrating boost moisturizer is my favourite moisturizer so far
this is a nice gel moisturizers
i mainly use it in the morning because it moisturizers my skin
this is honestly one of the only moisturizers that truly hydrates my skin
simply a good and hydrating moisturizer.
gross that i hate using a moisturizer
i like that it is more of a watery/gel formula
which would make you think it isn't the most moisturizing
this product moisturizers my skin
it is super hydrating
i love the gel
this hydrating boost moisturizer is the best for acne
it is not super moisturizing
i would use a heavier night time moisturizer
this as a day time moisturizer
not typically into gel moisturizers.
this as moisturizer after
this is super hydrating
this is a very light weight moisturizer
i love that it is a water gel moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
it feels like aloe vera
i absolutely love the weightlessness of this moisturizer
this moisturizer does moisturize
this moisturizer is super hydrating and light.
hydrates any dry spots i have from acne creams
this is my go to moisturizer !
the people who say this isn't moisturizing enough are insane
i find this very comparative to the peter thomas roth hyaluronic hydrating gel- at a fraction of the price
i moisturize with this every night
i crave that feeling now when using other moisturizers
i love this moisturizer.
this product is gel like in texture
this is my absolute favourite moisturizer.
purchased the travel kit from tarte that had travel minis of the skin care from rots line
i recommend using a salt scrub mask
i love this lightweight moisturizer!
this moisturizer is my holy grail moisturizer.
this lotion is better
more effective than any lotion i have been prescribed from my dermatologist
this moisturizer works well
i love the feel and fragrance of this gel.
i will be honest this is one of the first daily spf moisturizers i have tried
this along with the redness solution cleanser
massages the area under my eyes
i also use this to massage my temples
i imagine it mimics the lymphatic drainage massage that you can get at spas
at least my facial foreo is like this
use with favorite eye serum.
what i love about any foreo product is the silicone is germ free
fresh soy face cleanser
creams that did nothing
including my waterproof mascara
all time favourite skin cleanser
love this cleansing oil!
love this cleansing oil
besides the soy cleanser
this cleanser hydrates my skin
i also love the seaberry facial oil
i prefer zinc-based creams when i exercise outdoors
no longer require a moisturizer after washing
i used algenist genius cleanser
bare minerals oil cleanser prior to this one
this would be an amazing makeup remover
i've bought tata harper's nourishing oil cleanser 2x
this cleansing oil is a miracle!
this is my favourite oil cleanser!
as a person that used to use coconut oil to remove mascara
this oil cleanser is excellent at removing the most stubborn waterproof mascaras
continuing to massage as i wash it off
i used nude's cleansing oil
i wear a lot of mascara
this product melts off a full face of makeup without robbing your skin of its essential oils it is very moisturizing
it took off all my makeup including waterproof mascara/eyeliner
give it a shot since i really loved their moisturizing oil
it goes remove your make even your waterproof mascara with your highest pigmented eyeshadow
the seaberry moisturizing face oil have nothing short of fantastic
being a huge fan of fresh seaberry moisturizing face oil
i've tried almost all oil-based cleansers in sephora
out of every oil cleanser i've used
then wash my face with generic face cleanser for acne
finally exfoliate with this
the matching seaberry moisturizing oil is great too
i am a contact lens wearer
since this is very moisturizing i only used it at night after cleaning my face or exfoliating
before bedtime after washing my face
i also absolutely love how moisturizing this is without making my face oily
this moisturizer claims to reduce definition of fine lines after use of one jar
a power radical new age cream moisturizer
a lot of moisturizers feel heavy
plus i've had to use less concealer because this has evened out my skin
i love the way it moisturizers my skin all day.
usually i put moisturizer on
i like the texture of the moisturizer it feels light
it does moisturize my entire face
i started this cream at night after exfoliating like crazy
this product provides super hydration
will continue to use this product as an occasional hydrating treatment
this cream is a great skin moisturizer
this rna cream is my holy grail cream
acne if creams are too heavy
i don't use it during the day since i use a spf combo lotion during the day
serum the other day
with no less hydration
i used this serum day
the serum is very light
sk-ii has another serum that address those skin concerns
it's unlike any serum i've tried before.
the serum has a nice feel when applied.
the serum also has a nice light scent.
in using the serum
i assumed maybe it was a serum
provides firming while not over-moisturizing my t-zone
could add on top my sunscreen
they weren't "wet" from serum at all
these are a life saver during allergy season too!
it feels so good on my allergy target area
this is jam packed with colloidal gold
when i remove them i pat the remaining serum into my skin
i feel that this helps my eye serum
my concealer application is way better after using them
the serum absorbs quickly
the serum settles to the bottom of the jar
tried several eye creams/gels/masks
this product moisturizers and leaves skin smooth.
love this am gel cream
light and nourishing for the skin.
my concealer applied so much smoother
m gel eye cream
this is the only moisturizer that helps
if you're eczema prone: try this!!
give my concealer a good base
i love this eye gel.
because it's so spreadable
it's still moisturizing enough for me
so many eye creams come in jars
found that my concealer went on a lot smoother
most eye creams make my eyes water
i love this eye gel
unlike other moisturizers i've used
the comfort of my concealer throughout the day
i've used eye creams before
and it works so well under makeup/eyeshadow!
i deal with insomnia
i like how the gel hydrates and cools my skin.
for wrinkles at night
just because i think this one is less moisturizing than that
lightweight eye gel to use before makeup application
lightweight morning eye cream
soothes any irritation from retinol or vitamin c
gives a perfect canvas for your concealer
moisturizers while it works
very moisturizing and helps with puffiness.
i apply this gel
i hate eye creams
i really like this gel-cream formula.
followed the mask with toner
my skin type is acne prone
require me to immediately slather my skin with moisturizer after its removal
if you love hydrating masks them this one is a must
i used this after an exfoliating clay mask
which are products that contain lots of collagen
i liked them because they were super moisturizing
after rinsing it i followed with caudalie's vinosource
mostly i do them myself using boscia exfoliating peel
this is a great moisturizer with anti-aging properties
the ultimune power infusing concentrate serum
before the ibuki refining moisturizer
they're not using sunscreen
you must use sunscreen in conjunction with any dark spot/acne mark lightening products or else the uva
if you use sunscreen on a daily basis
emulsion in the morning
layered under my moisturizer well
this serum really makes skin look flawless
i've tried c serum after c serum.
honestly this serum helped me rid of them in days
i read about how this serum removes dark spots in 7 days
this serum goes great with the brightening cleanser
sometimes i find that using this serum along with the shiseido brightening emulsion before bed with the humidifier on is the best way to go
this moisturizer is perfect for combination skin.
in combination with the infuser
use with any kind of target spot serum
it becomes a face cleanser.
it takes all of those waterproof mascara
it even works for mascara and eye makeup.
it removes loreal liquid lipstick like its a gloss
the balm removes all makeup
this is a great emulsifying cleansing balm
?i will use the el cleansing balm all up
nothing was there when i used my toner with a cotton pad afterwards
other cleanser/makeup remover combos i have used work better on the eyes
super hydrating and light on the skin.
use this product as my moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
it smells good and is moisturizing.
have countless high-end moisturizing products
it is super moisturizing without being oily in any way
receive strong meds from my dermatologist
i smooth on my serum
i struggle with hormonal acne
i used an enzyme peel before applying the mask before bed last night
with the gel consistency
le this overnight moisturizer in the summer months
i wear as an overnight hydrating mask
moisturize right before bed
it very moisturizing over night
i think for those seeking a moisturizer that is lighter formulation
my skin is combination
moisturizes like a heavy lotion
i've tried so many creams
is super moisturizing with a faint
one of the ingredients is coloring material
when i saw the coloring ingredient
it is unscented and absorbs so fast.
i am a type 1 diabetic
i don't like lotion
gel- all kinds of cleansers
i don't find it hydrating though
some moisturizer after washing my face
this soap does wonders.
tried it because i like the idea of chlorella
the lather is amazing
more moisturized after using this cleanser
this cleanser along with boscia purifying
this cleanser is everything.
it's just moisturizing enough
assuming you aren't using it as your daily moisturizer
i usually don't use bronzing products
i applied this cream as a substitute for my usual moisturizer to see how it worked
it's definitely moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
the moisturizer was not as hydrating as i hoped it would be
this product does what it says: hydrates skin
the moisturizer is super lightweight
the cap bronzer color was quite light when put onto the skin
it can also be used alone as a tinted moisturizer
i used this product as a moisturizer
i wear a matte foundation
the hydrating moisturizer leaves skin glowing
it works as a primer for your powder highlighter.
the product was hydrates
it could have been a little more moisturizing
moisturize your skin at the same time
i really liked this product as it is super moisturizing
i like to apply the lotion all over my skin like a primer
i like to apply the crème highlighter on the tops of the cheekbones
i like to mix it with my spf moisturizer
this moisturizer is the perfect base for glowy makeup
the other was like a creme
it is very moisturizing and lightweight.
i used a plain moisturizer
not only does it moisturize
its not suitable for super oily skin since its highly moisturizing
also the tip of the tube has a bronzer which comes super h
i also like to apply only to the under eye area under concealer to really amp up the hydration
not like i'm wearing bronzer
i really do wish the bronzer part popped up
other than that the product was very moisturizing
the bronzer on the cap is very convenient
i used it in place of my normal moisturizer
it is a lotion that can be used all over your face that has a touch of bronze color
this lotion does give you a dewy look
under concealer or foundation
can be mixed in with body lotion or foundation
i really like the moisturizer
it felt incredibly moisturizing once i applied it to my skin
i just add concealer
the little extra bronzer in the cap is awesome.
i love the moisturizer
i always need to moisturizer
this prism cream reminds me a bit of becca's backlight filter primer
either over a moisturizer or in place of my moisturizer
i mixed this in with my moisturizer with a little face oil
though i have acne
i used this after moisturizer with a little blush
i love the finish and it is very moisturizing.
i love this mask/cleanser
depending on the day i mix a little with my moisturizer
best product on the market for an illuminator/highlighter
i do use this as a cream/primer
very moisturizing and a great base for makeup.
as i'm getting older i wanted to add a face cream with peptides
a sephora ingredients search led me to this cream
after massaging into my skin over my serum
it's extremely moisturizing as well.
this new clinique cleanser is amazing!!!
i love this new cleanser!!!
i always use a makeup remover at night
follow with a gentle cleanser
i like that this product doesn't contain fragrance or dyes
skin care shouldn't be heavily fragranced
if i were to rate the hydrating level of this cream i'd give it a 6
it's hydrating at first
this is amazing eye gel cream.
it's truly a gel/cream
i've tried a lot of different moisturizers
this moisturizer is amazing!
used many moisturizing creams for my 45 year old drying skin
after having a reaction to a caudalie cleanser
does not smelly chemically like other lotions
almost as if it were a water moisturizer
fourthly, it really hydrates your skin!
scent of this moisturizer as much as i love the way it works
prescription or salicylic acid products irritated
this moisturizer is so hydrating
i've tried many different moisturizing creams
most moisturizers would leave my skin oily after use or absorb
i love this moisturizer.
all other moisturizers i've used have sunk into the skin
this is one of the best moisturizers i have used for the daytime it is still hydrating
i love this moisturizing cream
these moisturizers tend to not provide enough moisture for my skin
combo/oily with hormonal acne prone skin
i started using this moisturizer
when i've had to use another moisturizer 1
creams in the past
i used this moisturizer after using the fresh soy fresh cleanser
similar moisturizer without the smell
have tried several different moisturizers
is a light to medium weight moisturizing cream good for somewhat to medium dry skin
coconut free thicker moisturizer
this doesn't have any air sensitive antioxidants so the jar packaging is null
this is a heavy moisturizer
i do not wear any foundation or concealer
every mask, oil, cream, serum i could find!
even my old standby serum by origins didn't work.
natural ingredients to work with any skin type
finding a moisturizer that was hydrating enough
i apply this after i wash my face with fresh soy cleanser
i've never been happier with a dace cream/moisturizer before
either at night or in the morning in combination with my sunscreen
super moisturizing especially on my cheeks
my redness almost disappears when i use the moisturizer combined with fresh's soy cleanser
offers intensive moisturizing for a relatively light weight cream
the combination of the soy cleanser
i've used other moisturizers that repel makeup
this is one of my favourites moisturizers!
feels like a serum when applied
i tried several moisturizers from origins
this is a very good face cream for moisturizing.
it's not as "creamy" as other face creams i have tried
did i mention hydrating?
it doesn't add that extra oiliness that other moisturizers do
i would suggest pairing this with an oil underneath or a hydrating serum like caudalie s
it moisturizers my combo/somewhat dry skin well
gel formulas don't moisturize enough
this gel moisturizer is perfect for my slightly sensitive
it was a gel-cream
it's super moisturizing without being oily.
low for a good face lotion/cream
the moisturizing effects very noticeable without making me oily again
love the smell and moisturization.
love this rose deep hydration cream
this face cream is light
love the way this cream moisturizes!
still an effective moisturizer
some eye treatments are drying
the daily eye repair emulsion is really amazing.
serum on the market
it works well under my tinted moisturizer
it's similar to those silicone-y primers
my concealer applies better as well
i did feel burning when i applied it after my sunscreen
it is ultra moisturizing with a silky
hydrates eye area morning
concealer goes over it like a dream
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
i love mixing it with my marula oil if i want more hydration
love this for a base moisturizer
b-hydra was underwhelming as a moisturizer for me
this hydrating gel is perfect for oily skin!
i hate the feeling most moisturizers leave on my skin
in combination with the vitamin c serum
the best moisturizing combo i've tried
(i use the glycolic serum and oil at night.)
i love gel moisturizers
great light weight hydrating serum that isn't sticky
in the summer i layer this product with the vitamin c serumfrom the same line
fall i layer it with the vitamin c serum
then i layer other serums
after i started pairing it with other moisturizing products i got a huge result
i like to mix it into my serums for an extra boost of hydration
this product is perfect for layering under a second moisturizer
i would recommend mixing this in with your serum instead of using it on its own as your moisturizer
my morning first aid beauty serum
the night serum at night
because it is free of silicones
top with an emollient moisturizer!
sometimess at night with my rosehip oil
my skin is combination
this serum/gel is geared towards more oily skin type because apparently others say it isn't hydrating enough for dry skin
i mix it every night into my tlc frambose serum
i put a moisturizer on top
i mix it with marula oil for extra moisturizing effect
need something that's moisturizing
i do love using this with serum.
i just add a drop or 2 of my face serum
add an oil after the c serum
one day i had an urge for finding a good moisturizer that i could use in between lotion
at night 2 pumps of gel
few drops of virgin marula oil
such as farsali rose gold elixir
the serum is hydrating
recently added this to my morning routine after the c serum
i moisturise with oils
the b hydra is the perfect amount of hydration for my skin
you need to use a moisturizer with it
i love this serum
i find it works best mixed with other products/ serums when your skin is dehydrated
at night after cleansing my skin
my skin usually stings when i use a cream moisturizer
gel moisturizers just didn't cut it for me
chose to steer clear of other gel-like moisturizers
this moisturizer is a holy grail for me
b hydra is a lightweight moisturizer that would be best for oily to combo skin types
still have to layer this with a cream moisturizer
moisturizer in combo with good genes
i love this moisturizer
just before my moisturizer
dry after a few days of retinol treatment
the baby facial it wasn't as hyped
the marketing of it as a booster vs a moisturizer was a bit confusing to me
creating a truly moisturizing velvety mixture
i love the de serums
the feeling of greasy lotions
i love that i can just tap the serum in
i truly love this gel moisturizer.
find that both products hydrate
not hydrating at all
i love using this product after cleansing my face
this is the only moisturizer i use now
this product is a wonderful fragrance free hydrating gel
this is very moisturizing
i usually mix it with the c firma serum
26/dry/acne prone/sensitive this stuff is amazing as a skincare addict i have never found a lotion like this it's perfect to use after my oils
so you know this hydration gel/moisturizer is nothing less than amazing
after hyaluronic acid has sunk in
it's meant to go on before moisturizer to add a boost of hydration
i recommend it if you have very dry skin or skin that needs a little extra comfort from drying acne or retinol products
right now i am layering this between my serum
this has been amazing at moisturizing my skin without leaving it with a sheen
what it is is a really good serum to go under a moisturizer
i tried it as just a moisturizer
i used it as a serum
applied a dedicated moisturizer on top
this gel is like a hybrid of a serum
i do agree that this by itself is not moisturizing enough to use on its own
the night serum in the pink bottle
this one i use during the day as my moisturizer
i can't say i've noticed a difference with the night serum
normally i wouldn't like a moisturizer that i must follow with a moisturizer
i love this serum!
hydrating serum that balances the skin
i love this serum.
i first got a sample of this with the vitamin c serum
in the morning after i cleanse my face i mix the vitamin c
the vitamin c is but sticky otherwise.
i love this moisturizer.
dennis gross hydra-pure vitamin c serum
since drunk elephant vitamin c serum is not sold in canada atm
i mix one pump of this with one pump of the drunk elephant c-serum
the b-hydra is the perfect moisturizer
i also use the tlc serum
this hydration gel sinks right into the skin
does a great job of moisturizing my hard to please dry skin
this moisturizer isn't "intensive"
i combine it with a serum from another company before bed
i love the silicone free texture of this
have avoided all moisturizers
use it in conjunction with other serums or moisturizers i think it's great
drying skin this winter called for something intensely moisturizing
alone moisturizer for me
great to layer under make up or moisturizer
it definitely needs help from my hydrating toner to be effective for winter
this is the moisturizer for you
it also has more product than a typical serum
this is a fantastic serum for people with dry acne prone skin
follow w a heavier moisturizer
i find that i'm not exfoliating as much
this isn't as hydrating as i expected
i mix it with the c firma day serum under my sunscreen
before my regular moisturizer
i love that it is a natural product with ingredients i can underst
can try the marula oil
also with the bb creams
their vitamin c serum is amazing
this moisturizer is the best gel moisturizer i have tried
prefer to wear it as my daytime moisturizer
at night i layer the virgin marula oil over top
at one point i was using two moisturizers
i don't notice it once i put my sunscreen over it
it's only lite moisturizing
clinique turnaround night cream
i love the gel cream texture
this gel cream/moisturizer is my holy grail!
most moisturizers leave my face with a greasy residue
oily-looking than my more heavy-duty moisturizers
which i go to a dermatologist for for treatment
a moisturizer that wouldn't cause breakouts
i find that i need to add that extra boost of hydration through an oil or serum
my mom uses the philosophy hope in a jar moisturizer
or this product for a basic moisturizer
it may not be the most moisturizing product out there
nothing compares to this face moisturizer
i've tried so many moisturizer
this is my #1 for my combo skin
the gel is what hydrates the skin while a moisturizer protects it
this moisturizer makes your skin breathe
i tend to use cleansers
works great with the philiosphy microdelivery exfoliating face wash
although this wouldn't suit my skin as a regular moisturizer
also moisturizing daily i would break out horribly
it's a great light weight moisturizer
this product reduces the redness of my skin
if you need light moisturizing then i think this product will work for you
i've used the following: korres pomegranate gel cream
first aid beauty ultra repair cream
it's lightweight in formula and fragrance.
it is a perfect moisturizer for her oily skin
my experience with this moisturizer has been nothing
loved the philosophy gel cream
smells like aloe it disappears after several seconds
i am not all into moisturizers
i love the texture of the gel cream.
she has combo skin
over doing it with my moisturizer
i love this moisturizer because it does the job without feeling like i caked on moisturizer
i love to try out new moisturizers
my skin felt like it had a deep cleanse/detox
i checked the ingredients
this is my new holy grail moisturizer!!!
i first wash my face with an oil cleanser
acne prone- this cleanser has been gentle
t really is a "detox" treatment for me
so refreshed after using this mask/facial cleanser
it's a dose of health vitamins for your face
then massage with water
highly recommend for detoxifying and purifying.
it foams like an amazing cleanser
works well as a cleanser
i also use it as a primer/moisturizer under my nars matte tint foundation
this eye serum is the most effective anti-fatigue product i've tried
you'll need to moisturize first
actually sets my concealer
after purchase i was wondering why it wasn't moisturizing
directions say to use a moisturizer before!
the gel is cooling
i then dab a light moisturizer over it
this eye cream is hydrating
i put on the gel
it is not an eye moisturizer.
it is a tightening, depuffing serum.
it is not very moisturizing
i didn’t know better to protect my skin from the harmful uv rays being under the sun playing sports
this gel cream is light
still packs a moisturizing punch
really hydrates while toning the skin
i know it says double lotion
wash my face with erborian's foam cleanser
then i use this as a toner
bobbi brown's vitamin enriched face base
moisture before i go in with my night moisturizer
it's essentially a moisturizing toner that smells great
this lotion is very soothing
i don't use a heavy moisturizer every day
tried this from the soko beauty kit
the red ginseng one
i've found that this yuzu lotion condensed two steps into one
my skin looks as fresh as the light citrus fragrance of this lotion
i gave it a shot one day in place of my aloe moisturizer
once dry, i apply my serum etc.
i found that moisturizing creams are too heavy for my face
moisturizing at the same time
it's my go-to following toner
i follow it with my moisturizer
unique lotion that is very hydrating
the use of the word "lotion"
it is not a moisturizer
after cleansing and before a moisturizer.
it removes leftover traces of makeup while moisturizing my skin
moisturizer is a must with this product
i find that this removes the remainder of my makeup after cleaning like a toner would
it is very watery like a toner
like you would do a toner
use it as a toner/softener before my moisturizer
use this as my moisturizer
even with a light gel moisturizer
this yuza bi-phase lotion is amazing.
it's not overly moisturizing
i love this elixir!
i love this serum to death!
it's because the serum is made of saffron
i put this under a retinol
this elixir is amazing!
as soon as i put the serum on
this serum has 100% improved not only the discoloration
so the korres golden krocus ageless saffron elixir serum is by far the best serum i have tried thus far
this serum honestly out worked my rodan
before applying a moisturizing oil
i mix it with my daily moisturizer and viola!
i also like how the serum has a bit of a gold shimmer to it -- it made my skin a little more glowy
hydration to my face while using this serum
this product is a miracle serum
hyaluronic acid to lock in moisture
i really enjoy this serum.
this serum really helped keep my skin clear
i put this on after my hydrating primer
massage it on my clean face prior to moisturizer
you should put moisturizer on afterwards
lots of sunscreen cause my face to break out
i think it's because a moisturizer is not added after applying the elixir like the directions suggest
even with moisturizer or vaseline
now that i use this elixir on my lips
i will not purchase a serum for that price
i like experience of using the serum
we'd been to the dermatologist
have the korres cooling gel
have access to prescription strength treatments
id been using pore tightening morning/night moisturizer
after applying my moisturizer
she raved about this serum
at night before my other serum
this elixir is a luxury
i developed rosacea as an adult
this saffron elixir does the magic it claims to do
you can apply your moisturizer
this serum has done wonders for my skin.
feel like i've tried almost every aging serum under the sun
after trying the lancôme serum
this is my all time favorite aging serum
this is an amazing serum.
the only problem with this serum is that they put a glitter in it
since using this serum
i can't get enough of this serum
this serum does help my skin look firmer
reading some of the reviews i used this serum under my foundation
this serum is the real deal when it comes to combating free radicals
truly money well spent with this serum
unless i am compelled as i am with this serum
i actually do like this serum
this product is by no means moisturizing at all.
all of you with acne use acne products
tchy before i used the elixir
i only use 3 drops of this before my serum
i've never been good about applying serums
this elixir has made my skin look more hydrated
i apply it before my moisturizer
creams it seems to be making a difference
now think of this elixir as the water you apply to a sponge to help it absorb the soap
after a week of using this elixir my skin is void of all redness
i call this my "liquid gold" because of the color
always heard it is amazing as an anti oxidant
this cleanser is my holy grail.
my combination skin that doesn't like creamy cleansers
doesn't like purifying cleansers
i love this cleanser.
it also works well with exfoliating brushes like a clarisonic
i love this cleanser.
makeup remover for me
especially if the words vitamin c are mentioned
will just go in straight with a serum
perfect cleanser for pm!
i love this cleanser
this cleanser does foam up a lot
helps alot with texture and hyperpigmentation.
which could have been hormonal
could have been hormonal
even my waterproof mascara
gel cleanser you apply to dry skin
can also be used as shampoo
i still apply primer before applying concealer.
it does prevent undereye dryness
keeps my concealer from creasing
i love the mascara.
mascara is the regular travel size that comes in a lot of the clinique products
my concealer doesn't crease with it
i like this eye cream for the mornings before i use concealer
this product does not affect the application of my concealer at all
the mascara is the winner in this lot.
i still like to use serums to protect
the texture of the serum made it worth it
it is moisturizing too.
i've tried so many moisturizers
it does everything i need in a moisturizer
i can't use this moisturizer in the morning
i find this very moisturizing and calming.
i put it on after my essence and serum.
acne-prone skin on topical rx acne treatment
under clinique pep start sunscreen in the morning
hyperpigmentation from my acne isn't gone
i hate scooping out the moisturizer
the facialist told me i had very dry skin
this moisturizer was recommended to me.
really enjoying using this product in my pm routine after applying a lactic or glycolic acid
unlike other intensive moisturizers
i've tried other creams for my combo skin
like most night creams do
i'd rather use light weight serums.
my skin drinks it in
i switched back to this enzyme water cream
i'll keep this short: buy this moisturizer
i want to try their vitamin c moisturizer
common misconception is that moisturizing creams don't belong on oily skin
i used tatcha's water gel
this cream is not only hydrating like no other
it's not the most moisturizing cream out there
i love this lotion.
either de framboos serum or oh night serum depending on my issues
this along with the ceo lotion in the am is amazing
just put sunscreen on after it for extra added protection
i've had my share of moisturizers
i give this cream a 4
the best way that i can describe it is a hybrid between a traditional moisturizing cream
this lotion does not make me break out or increase oiliness
it was a good moisturizer
most moisturizers say a drink of water for you skin
i finally found a hydrating moisturizer for my combination skin
this cream is so hydrating
more hydrating than the tatcha water cream.
light-weight cream/lotion
t's kind of an all in one treatment / moisturizer which i love because i feel like i can skip using a serum
in serum is formulated with 2%
a half weeks in combination with my rosehip oil
nourishing ingredients for long-term results.
i usually use fractionated coconut oil or argan oil to moisturize
lotions tend to clog my pores
now if i could just find the perfect mineral spf
i started using this moisturizer every night after my acne clearing regimen
i found this light and extremely moisturizing.
compared to other moisturizers i've used
i am obsessed with this moisturizer.
fell in love with how hydrating
this cream was super hydrating
sometimes during the day before another moisturizer with spf
lancer exfoliating face wash
tone with the mario badesco glycolic acid toner
also use the cane austin moisturizer
it's been great for normal/dry skin that went through hormonal acne
no more dry skin and hormonal acne anymore.
i usually spritz with a facial water
i recommend it as a day cream that exfoliates while working to hydrate you under make up
wanted something with hyaluronic acid
this cream has decreased my sebum production while plumping
i've used hyaluronic acid before
knew it would be moisturizing
aha exfoliants as well
even though i used a toner beforeh
i think it might be the exfoliate enzyme it contains
i couldn't get a moisturizer that would do two things: moisturizer
i also tried several face oils and serums.
this cream along with chanel's micro serum did wonders
i used it under my moisturizer as well as st
it was very moisturizing
i spent a long time not moisturizing at all
apply a vitamin c syrum that i love
then the yuza sorbet emulsion
every time i apply this emulsion i feel a soothing cooling effect on my face
the emulsion goes on after your toner
before your thicker moisturizing cream
the spf will lend it to be a good moisturizer for daytime
this is the lightest face cream with sunscreen that i have tried
i love that it has spf 20 in it as well which is a must in my day time moisturizers
i love this facial moisturizer!
many sunscreens sting or make my face break out.
normally moisturizers with sunscreen break me out
i usually don't like moisturizers in the summer heat
loved the sunscreen protection
if they bottled the smell of this lotion into a perfume
i am using this serum for a while now
when using this serum on a pimple it will be gone within a day or two
i will always purchase this serum as it helps with fine lines
wrinkles to which is a bonus
have to use a heavy moisturizer
the salacitic acid in the serum clears my acne
using the serum with a clairsonic provides just enough exfoliation to keep pores unclogged
it has the right amount of salt colic acid to keep my acne under control
my stubborn hormonal acne has all
helped a bit with my acne
not overly moisturizing, which i like.
this is a great serum
clarifying lotion to a couple of times a week as my hormonal acne is under much better control now
to continue to use the serum nightly for now until i transition to a brightening serum in the next few weeks
after my moisturizer just to insure no blackheads or breakouts occure throughout the day
i really like this serum
after changing my diet to a plant based one
hormonal acne in less than a week
it will not replace my anti aging serums however it's important to note that most anti acne serums are drying
the serum has a gel like texture that absorbs well
if i use too much serum
i appreciate the deep exfoliating
cleansing action of this product
will continue to purchase wrinkle revenge cleanser
are a long-time acne sufferer
i struggle with mild acne
i've struggled with hormonal acne for my entire adult life
most acne serums stung
this serum doesn't do miracles
no other serum really targeted my skin which is started to get wrinkles
this serum is great for both.
how fast the serum absorbs
i developed "perimenopausal" acne
overall, i'd highly recommend trying this serum.
these days my acne is hormonal
it has definitely softened the look of my skin while fighting by hormonal acne
helping with acne + lines
this serum is a great product.
it is a good serum.
this moisturizer may cost the equivalent of a steak dinner
aloe vera and essential oils were not helping.
out of the tube before application it looks like a matte moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer.
super hydrating and i use it every morning.
it's like the perfect moisturizing water
moisturizes like a regular cream
i love this type of moisturizer.
it makes for a great moisturizing primer with a unique texture
kind of looks like a silicone primer
i loooove this moisturizer.
moisturizing without being greasy or leaving a film on your skin
jart's ceramide line when i saw this product
it is light enough to layer beneath sunscreen carefully
they said it really helped with moisturizing
i love how light yet moisturizing this stuff is.
i really do love this serum!
i love this moisturizer.
it's moisturizing but very light.
ready for a light sunscreen
won't pill up under primer or foundations like other moisturizers have done on me in the past
i hate heavy creams
many moisturizers are heavy
this moisturizer soaks in just right
since it acts like a primer with the silicones in it
unlike any moisturizer i've used
none greese this one of my go to face moisturizer
it goes perfectly on top of my vitamin c serum in the mornings
this is not an anti-aging moisturizer to me
best moisturizer for combo skin.
i kept applying thicker lotions
one that gave me emollients
i swear by this for moisturizer
as it recommends to apply after a serum
after applying my nightly serum
when i tried it without a serum
it does recommend that you use a serum before applying
i am in love with texture of this moisturizer.
follow it up with a sunscreen
the texture is similar to a serum
i don't recommend this at night as it is a light moisturizer
you're taking care of your skin at night with serums
normally my moisturizer wears off
within a week my skin is healing
combo skin that is acne prone with rosacea
it works well as a moisturizer makeup base before your primer
it comes out like a gel
i tried all types of moisturizers
this product is meant to be a lightweight moisturizer
eczema on top of that
perfect moisturizer for combination skin!
light weight and very moisturizing.
this moisturizer is no exception
i can't tell you how many moisturizing creams i've tried that leave me with little pimples
it really feels moisturizing
this moisturizer is my holy grail
its so light way but crazy moisturizing.
it's like a cooling gel/ cream hybrid.
this moisturizer is a life-saver
hydrates while keeping me matte
this will be an everyday moisturizer for me
they must not be exfoliating because while light
i love this moisturizer as a primer for makeup if you have oily skin
i love everything about this moisturizer.
perfect moisturizer for day wear under your makeup
i do suggest using a serum underneath.
whether it be hydrating or balancing
this non-greasy moisturizer has a gentle
i love this moisturizer.
i've switched over to organic oils for my face
i always use a water-based product to emulsify the oils after cleansing
i would recommend anyone who uses oils to try emulsifying
this serum makes a huge difference in my beauty ritual
i definitely recommend this serum.
i love the argan milk
i love this serum
i layer it under my moisturizer
one pump of this magical serum makes my skin baby soft
a lot of serums irritate my skin
this serum is a very light, jelly-like hydrator.
t is good to use before applying your moisturizer
this serum goes on smooth
this is my first hydrating serum use
i will definitely be adding a hydrating serum into my routine
i used the old rose serum
i also tried out the new deep hydrating cream in the jar
this serum is great for dehydrated, oily skin.
i exfoliant 2 times a weeks so that the products can effectively absorb
this serum is very lightweight
serum moisturizer work fine on my eye area
this serum is sooo light
then a face cream/moisturizer
everything that i read about the serum in allure magazine is true
it has a high vitamin c content that can oxidize.
also it's just a serum.
i love this serum
like any retinol product
i've used other retinol eye creams
what i do like is that it's very moisturizing without being greasy
i love the ptr retinol products
i no longer wear under eye concealer in my everyday routine
i've used a number of different under eye creams/serums to help brighten the dark circles under my eyes
have heard how first treatment essence is a game changer because of the fermented yeast
don't necessarily need too much moisturizing
i don't think this product is advertised as a wrinkle remover
sunscreen without it feeling too loaded
i still needed concealer
i also like to use it on the days i exfoliate as the extra moisture can help my skin recover
positively love this moisturizing oil
it absorbs quickly and really is moisturizing.
i absolutely love the sk-ii facial treatment oil
i received the facial oil as part of a promotion of the br
though this product may be a bit ape diet than others
the sk-ii facial treatment oil bottle comes in 50ml size
this oil is super moisturizing.
it's added a new layer of moisturizing to my night time routine
but, i love this facial treatment oil!
this sk-ii facial treatment oil is amazingly effective for my dry skin
it instantly moisturizes and nourishes.
love this oil treatment.
since using the sk ii facial treatment oil
i love the sk ii facial treatment oil.
have been using the sk-ii facial treatment oil 3 weeks
the product states to contain lavender
i like the fact that the oils are natural.
i apply after toner
the new "go-to" face moisturizer
avoid any harsh chemicals or perfumes in my products
i love the simplicity of this moisturizer
i applied it at night before my toner
i've used the sk-ii facial treatment oil now for about two weeks
i would absolutely recomment trying sk-ii facial treatment oil
i received this item as part of a promotion from the bran
have rich deep moisturizing abilities
i would only use this as a facial moisturizer at night though
as it seemed to be so moisturizing that my bb cream slid a bit
added my usual moisturizer to the routine
i used a daily facial lotion
same as i did with my usual facial moisture lotion
i do not have to use a lotion prior to my makeup application because my skin is smooth
also have mild eczema
i don't use it every night as i have other hydrating moisturizers
anti-aging serums i like
other than as a cleanser
when i first received this bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil
as a skin-product minimalist i don't moisturize or use a serum after
i just apply my moisturizing foundation over it
greasy for a moisturizing feeling
i received a complementary bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil to try for free in exchange for a product review
it works wonderful as a base in the morning before applying a moisturizer with spf
from cleanser to eye cream
the facial treatment essence
masks are my holy grail products
i recently ran out of the brightening derm moisturizer
don't normally use a moisturizer at all
i would use this over regular moisturizer everyday
am no stranger to facial treatment oils
my facial treatment oil helps repair
sk-ii’s facial treatment oil formula contains the vitamins
as exposure to light can breakdown antioxidants
would recommend it to all my beauty addicts out there…happy hydrating
i love this facial oil!
i received a bottle of sk-ii's facial treatment oil
super hydrating moisturizer ever
i received this bottle of facial treatment oil free from sk-ii for being a bzzagent
nothing harsh or chemically.
i received the sk-ii facial treatment oil complimentary from sk-ii for testing
my regular skin care regime is an anti-aging serum after washing my face
anti-aging cream at night
in the morning i use an under eye treatment along with an spf moisturizer
sometimes a tinted moisturizer as well
the sk-ii facial treatment oil has made my skin feel great when using it after washing my face at night
i received a complimentary bottle of sk-ii facial treatment oil from sk-ii to try for free
i used it in conjunction with my facial serum
i got sk-ii moisturizing oil from for free in exchange for my honest review
i really like what sk-ii facial treatment oil has done for my skin
the oil is very moisturizing yet does not stay on the top of my skin
this is the best moisturizing face oil that i have used
this has definitely replaced my other moisturizers
oil based serums in the past
i received a complimentary full size bottle of sk-ii's facial treatment oil in exchange for my honest review
i received the sk-ii facial treatment oil for free in exchange for my review
i got sk-ii moisturizing oil from sk-ii for free in exchange for my opinion
i prepped my skin by cleansing it first with an exfoliate
i just love how this treatment oil is so moisturizing without feeling heavy
tried all kind of facial cream
sunscreen or foundation primer
evening prior to my daily moisturizer
the product states to contain lavender
i received sk-ii facial treatment oil fromsk-ii for free
i put this on my face after i use toner
have not applied moisturizers over it as reccommended
icky like most facial oils
i love that it is a gel consistency
this is so moisturizing i don't need to
much more moisturizing than than the korres sleeping mask i just purchased
this moisturizer is very hydrating
this has been the only one that moisturizes
i never used to moisturize at night
i really like this gel moisturizers
smells like pharmaceutical alcohol.
am prone to acne breakouts
the gel moisturizers never make me break out
mother that moisturizer is key
a good moisturizer/skin treatment
obsessed with this moisturizer
i decided to try this lotion
will try serum now because of how much i love the sleeping pack
i did use it in conjunction with the anti-age melting cleanser
none of the creams are overnight miracles
this has a gel texture
hydrating for my oily skin
because it's an emulsion
i still use a moisturizer over it to get that extra hydration
this moisturizer has changed my skin
the formula is like a gel-cream
good light every day moisturizer.
smoother than my other eyeshadow primers
it also has a nice moisturizing
potions in the long run
i tried some after sun creams
even an aloe vera leaf
but this worked wonders for my sunburn!
i've used aloe products before
i don't usually get sunburn because i'm diligent about using sunscreen
it is clear and has a serum feel to it.
tanning beds are bad
aloe gel from walmart is gross
keep some in the medicine cabinet for skin irritations
-makes my concealer stick with no creasing.
i made the mistake of using an eye cream that had mineral oil in it
i've tried many eye creams
great to moisturize under the skin
its not overly moisturizing i still use my amourpacific eye cream
helps my concealer go on smooth
this eye balm is pricy
i also use the goat milk cleanser
i'll layer with another moisturizing eye cream if needed
i can literally hydrating
it also has an antiseptic ingredient that is wonderful too
it's not super moisturizing
unlike other eye balms that do littlte to moisturize
while i agree this isn't the most moisturizing product i've ever used
i would like it to be more moisturizing
i started with their shea moisturizer
i paired it with the serum as well
this is the best vitamin c i have tried.
before my night moisturizer
in the morning i use a different serum
in the 4 months i`ve been using the 2 serums
this serum does wonders to my skin!
my skin absorbs the serum so easily
this serum is hands down, one of the best!!
i apply the serum directly to my face
i don't mix it in with my moisturizers or anything
i apply my moisturizer
the serum has even lifted those "dark" spots
i always hear that vitamin c brights up the skin
this serum is silky and non-irritating.
my dermatologist recommended i use a well formulated vitamin c serum daily
dennis gross peptide milk
i don't remember seeing anything about it being exfoliating
let's just say i get little to no "natural" vitamin d
fyi i also use retinol
mixed in with my moisturizer
night time cream everyday
i think i may be turning into a serum junkie!!!
find iu measurements on vitamin c products either
or how strong my deodorant promised to be
kept a travel deodorant on me at all times
enter herbivore's detoxifying soap bar!
it is super cleansing
i only use herbivore skin products
this is my holy grail out of all the moisturizers that i have tried
i tend to have hormonal acne
only because i use liquid soaps
it made my acne
use it in the shower/bath.
i love this as a facial soap.
at night with their moonfruit treatment as my evening moisturizer
i am a fan of cleansing water
ordering the exfoliating water now!
i find this to be a good lightweight hydrating moisturizer for daytime
there are also small grains that exfoliate the skin upon application
i add a light moisturizer on top to lock in all the goodies in this peptide milk
i'll layer a moisturizer on top
instead of it being a traditional oil/water/silicone type serum
milky serum/lotion that my skin just drinks in
the product is chock-full of antioxidants
i like that it contains vitamin c
this is a great lightweight moisturizer.
i also put a lotion moisturizer on top to keep my face hydrated
this product is very moisturizing
also lotions from the drugstore
i just add a little dab to body lotion or sunscreen
combined with a good toner
my skin is medium tan
it is a awesome product you could use with sunscreen
the way it moisturizes my face
no alcohols or harsh chemicals.
natural oils in this lotion and so affordable!
i recommend this to anyone who needs an everyday moisturizer
when i applied the moisturizer on my face
would recommend a good moisturizer after
i love that it's an antioxidant
this oil has been moisturizing without being too oily
most of the time this is moisturizing enough that i can skip a moisturizer
spf 30 moisturizer from the same line
have to save to get the serum
the mega mushroom serum has worked wonders on my skin
this is the sunscreen for oily to combination skin
as a sunscreen this stuff is great.
it's very lightweight for a natural sunscreen
i love this product for it's moisturizing effect
i apply this after my serum
best of all face sunscreens.
i love this sunscreen.
when time came for me to replace a serum
it was over my tretinoin treated dry/flaky skin
i love how it is a serum
moisturizer packed in one
probably from the hybrid serum/moisturizer
i love this serum/moisturizer combo.
this is one of my favorite serum moisturizers for 2016z in almost done with the entire jar
did i find a winner with this pressed serum
i love that it's a serum
moisturizer in one because i use it in the mornings
i do add clarins booster detox drops to it.
i found the clinique is not moisturizing enough
although it is more moisturizing than the clinique
this will all work for skin with acne
if you are used to cream moisturizers
i always forget that gel-creams are the best texture for my combination oily skin
as soon as i used this pressed serum
it's basically a light exfoliant that tones
i stopped using tatcha exfoliator in exchange for this one
it felt like carbonated water on my skin
smooth skin after the shower with no harsh exfoliating necessary
i apply a less moisturizing sunscreen or bb cushion on top
how much fun are little jelly-like cream beads to use as moisturizer???
i mix it with josie maran finishing balm
i like my makeup matte
i tried it with liquid
i usually spray a rosewater toner on my face
i would then follow it up with my ole henriksen truth serum collagen booster
now i wear mostly 50spf (it cosmetics) and a hat.
my skin type is combo
it firmed my entire face while moisturizing
i now use it after my moisturizer to retain the effects of said moisturizer
i apply my foundation with a beauty blender.
helps makeup application so that your concealer
it's definitely not as moisturizing as a regular moisturizer
even if i only stick a cc cream or tinted moisturizer on top
suffer from occasional hormonal or hair product acne
it's the best moisturizing primer i've tried
so hydrating skin care
i apply a moisturizer first
found with my 8 step skin care it works beautifully as a morning moisturizer after my my serum
one onto my skin after moisturizer
i put my moisturizer on first
suitable for day or night wear as a masque.
moisturizing, hydrating at the same time.
recommend to use it at bedtime
tips- use dabbing motion to apply sunscreen no rubbing
use beauty blender to apply foundation
i would say give your face a good 5 minutes before applying your sunscreen or foundation
i notice that my sunscreen
i still put on toner
moisturizer before i put this on
there was no need for lotions
anti-itch creams afterwards
i think it was because of the lactic acid.
i mix this with another nighttime moisturizer
most serums clog my pores
i now just use my moisturizer after
the purple one feels more moisturizing
i take half the capful
i splash a capful on my face in the shower
(the weekly facials don't hurt, either.
i developed adult acne
i tried everything from apple cider vinegar to expensive products
i also recommend getting fresh umbrian clay toner
my acne has been under control for a year due to topical antibiotics
depending on the percentage of lactic acid used
this moisturizer is super super hydrating.
this also contains tons of antioxidants which are very good for antiaging
i am in love with this serum
this serum is the only product i have found that allows me to continue daily use of the medicine without peeling
the serum is a good amount for the price
bought the tundra serum
/or concealer since buying this
i love this pressed serum.
eye creams as they contained retinol or vitamin a of some sort
not to forget that this product contains the benefits of serum
applying estée lauder's revitalizing night serum
i love this cleansing foam!
use it at night after i exfoliate
if i use my ren one minute rinse with my foreo to exfoliate
probably more so from exfoliating first
my skin is acne prone
i don't need a clay type masque as my skin needs moisture
i will stick to my hydrating masques from kiehls
i like to do clay detox masks to clean out my pores every week to ten days
this purifying mask is just that!
acne preventative mask on the market
the smell is the brown algae working its magic to purify the skin without drying it
it also exfoliates my skin
when you rinse it
the moisturizing feel it leaves on my skin
it is a purifying and moisturizing mud mask.
it's truly a professional facial in a jar
since i already use the tata harper purifying cleanser
very moisturizing without a greasy feel.
i applied it after my moisturizer
this has salicylic acid
i apply this after moisturizer
i didn't have to apply a mineral powder or blot!
this serum is the best.
i've found that it sits really well under josie maran's daily moisturizer with spf
love it mixed with my moisturizer
i like that its under $100 for it too $90 is a good price for a serum
this serum is amazing.
this lightweight serum a addresses them all.
this serum is absolutely weightless which is something i look for in a treatment
minimize my hormonal breakouts
would absolutely recommend this serum to anyone whose skin needs a bit of extra tlc
i would compare the consistancy to a lightweight hydrating primer
avocado oil for hydration
wrinkles when i use it
makes it a smooth base for my concealer
with other eye creams
my concealer was looking creasy
this eye cream is moisturizing without being too thick for day time or makeup application
i am 30 with combination skin
moisturizing without being greasy.
i love that it has avocado oil in it as well as caffeine
this moisturizer is perfect for my oily areas daily use
it's chock full of well known ingredients such as antioxidants
this moisturizer is amazing.
my skin glows on this regimen!
this cream is super hydrating
shea and squalene are hydrating without clogging.
00 for a moisturizer is expensive
it's also a 2oz jar
you need "deep hydration" in your moisturisers this won't be your winter go to
i like this moisturizer just fine
i love this moisturizer!
i often find that oil free moisturizers aren't hydrating enough
a lot of fragrance in my face moisturizer
hydrating for dry part /combination/oily
this moisturizer is amazing!!
this moisturizer changed my skin.
squalane are both considered oils :/
providing a super smooth base before i apply my concealer
this oil free moisturizer will knock your socks off
i love the texture of the serum
this cream is my number one cream!
during the summer i like light day creams
only over a night serum
this lotion is amazing.
this moisturizer does not aggregate my skin
combines well over serums or acids
it's highly moisturizing without feeling greasy.
as an eye cream
lightweight yet moisturizing and plumping.
loves it.. so lightweight yet moisturizing!
after applying the framboose serum from de
this face cream delivers!
while my skin is wrinkle free despite my fair skin tanning in my youth
this moisturizer is no joke
it also keeps my skin moisturizer all day
this product is a skin saver
try almost all the facial products
it also plays nice with my sunscreen
to me this moisturizers seems easy
i can easily put my super goop spf serum on top
this is a great moisturizer for overnight application
i enjoy using this cream
it is highly moisturizing
it moisturizers well without being greasy or heavy
this is so moisturizing
i am crazy about this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is seriously a dream!
most of all it's the perfect formula that won't flake over serum or under makeup
i apply it in the morning over my serum
it is way better than the b hydra serum as it is an actual moisturizer
keeping all of the antioxidants right on place
i only wish it was even more moisturizing
i don't find this to be too emollient for me
the b-hydra serum
i tried so many different moisturizers
i turned to use this cream with drunk elephant's hydrating serum together
the moisturizer i was using had dramatically moisturized my skin
while at the same time moisturizing
i am combination/ acne prone skin
i mix with b-hydra at night after applying tlc framboos serum
b-hydra intensive hydration gel in the morning
its very moisturizing, but lightweight.
though recently i have noticed since this is so moisturizing
this moisturizer works wonders!
this cream works wonders
i tried argan oil in the past
like the face creams our gr
with no sensitizing ingredients
it is super hydrating, smoothing and plumping!!
marula oil is the secret ingredient.
scent-free moisturizer is a true winner
to seal in serums or oils
i like this moisturizer
(i have combo skin).
i usually stick to lightweight gel moisturizers
drug store moisturizers to find such a great one
i've tried everything from coconut oil to really good moisturizers
i really have tried every moisturizing cream out there
using a water based moisturizer didn't help
then bought lala retro whipped cream for moisturizing the damaged skin
this cream is moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy
this cream is so light but moisturizing.
this is wonderful in conjunction with a hydrating serum for day
this is so moisturizing
used some of this cream at bedtime as a way to pamper my skin
for those times when skin needs a little pampering
perricone pre-empt brightening eye cream
then added my usual 3 drops of drunk elephant virgin marula luxury facial oil to the guerlain to make it a treatment/moisturizer
some of these radiance treatments firm the skin
think of it as a serum highlighter.
you can use it as a mask or cleanser
both my normal cleanser
toner contain salicylic acid
she also gave me a sample of the oil mattifying moisturizer which i plan on
light weight simple sheer moisturizer.
apply a drug store concealer on my eyes
i don't love using makeup versions of highlighter
since it is not a tinted moisturizer
i just add a bit of concealer to certain areas
i think it does a fine job moisturizing
i don't need excessive hydrating
i mix it with my liquid bronzer so that might have something to do with it
never react well to moisturizers
i ran out of my normal moisturizer
i love the way this lotion looks
i put my usual moisturizer on
then foundation or josie maran's tinted moisturizer
it is moisturizing enough for my combo-oily skin
i've used liquid highlighters or the becca backlight primer mixed with foundation
this product moisturizes my skin that i can skip moisturizer some days
i like how moisturizing this is
i like mixing it with sunblock for a no-makeup day
i would not use this as a moisturizer
this is my go to moisturizer at the moment.
definitely my go to for primer and moisturizer.
great moisturizing without leaving me oily or breaking out my skin
it moisturizers my skin nicely
i moisturizer with this
i personally love the scent of this moisturizer
it was said to be an illuminating moisturizer
just use it as a moisturizer before applying my primer
i also use it as a night time moisturizer
not a heavy moisturizer at all
i don't think this is the most moisturizing thing in the world
s a great product to use before applying any of your makeup as the glow from the moisturizer hydrates
it does a solid job of moisturizing at the same with without clogging any pores
i don't wear foundation or concealer
it's cheaper than my old moisturizer
with this used as my moisturizer/primer i'm only half as oily as i am at lunch
it is a serum texture which i have been using morning
i tried the perricone product in the store while looking at serums
i currently use lancome genifique face serum
so there are eye creams for puffiness
they say to wear it at night because of the retinol
completely undetectable with a bb cream on
then i layer my moisturizer over top
under josie maran's daily spf 47 moisturizer
i much prefer a temporary smell to having synthetic or toxic fragrance in the ingredients
this product has acne-causing coconut oil or coconut products which are popular in "natural br
even when taken topically
an esthetician recommended this face oil in combo with a toner
i still have hormonal breakouts
not advertised to combat acne
works better than a lot of hydrating serums!
this facial oil is consistently something i recommend to patients
though i do not recommend replacing a well-formulated moisturizer with a facial oil
this uses a combination of jojoba
this is also the only oil i have found that moisturizers skin
i even like mixing it with my moisturizer before makeup in the morning
i put this on after serum
before moisturizers on my cheeks
i've tried so many oils that claim to "help" with acne
s that carry facial oil
almost all facial oils
i wish more products used turmeric!
i rub in a few drops after my toner
at night i use it immediately after washing/ toner
i layer a night cream
it's an excellent primer under mineral powder.
probably due to the high vitamin c content in the rosehip oil
night along with sunscreen to protect the clarity of my skin
argan from "natural" lines
eczema/psoriasis prone skin
i personally have eczema-prone skin
i then use this charcoal cleanser.
i used this cleanser to try
i absolutely recommend this cleanser as a follow up cleanser
works great when you pair this with the clinique moisturizing gel
it doesn't dry out my skin like acne-fighting cleansers
foams best if used with a exfoliating pad.
that just means more exfoliating time
i deal with psoriasis
just use the oil free moisturizer and voila!
i will note that i also use becca cosmetics ever matte poreless skin primer
i brought it in a duo with clinque's moisturizer
an amazing moisturizer with this cleanser
i've used a lot of cleansers in my life
i'd recommend this cleanser to anyone with combination
my hormone inbalance throws off my skin all the time :
i also started using clinique prep start hydro blur moisturizer
my esthetician told me the last time i went in for a facial that i needed an exfoliating cleanser with very fine s
my moisturizer goes on like
i usually use a wash cloth with my cleanser
it is very gentle for an exfoliating wash
of exfoliant for the past
t microdermabrasion scrub for the last 6 months
this clinique pep start 2-in-1 exfoliating scrub cleanser is the same thing in cuter packaging
the exfoliation was good
i needed a light exfoliating wash that's safe to use twice daily
it gives just enough exfoliation
works as a great exfoliant
i really like this exfoliating cleanser!
i need a good exfoliator every day.
i like it better than the origins dermabrasion.
this helps scrub the dry skin flakes away while moisturizing my face at the same time
this cleanser is my holy grail!!
exfoliates in one step
the size of the granules to exfoliate the skin
the size of the grains in this cleanser are perfect
like to exfoliate my skin regularly
(i don't use exfoliating products on my eyes.).
because there tons of those super aha cleansers
it's perfect for every day exfoliation!
i love this cleanser.
most cleansers break me out
i needed a good exfoliator to help with the dead skin
i think it's very similar to the exfoliating cleanser by philosophy
the cleansing of the facial soap into one product
this cleanser has just the right amount of exfoliating action to give my skin a soft
was a little doughtful since it is also an exfoliator
as i was told it hydrates to offset the exfoliation
it's a great 2-in-1 exfoliating cleanser
don't forget to apply moisturizer after!
it has exfoliating beads in it
this moisturizer is amazing
it has glycerin in it
my face feels moisturizer
this moisturizer really blurs my pores!
mix a dollop of this with 2-3 drops of the clinique diy pigment drops
this moisturizer is my holy grail
before bed as a moisturizer
this is more a primer than a moisturizer
i wasn't the most caring treated of facial skin.
i've seen a lot of similar products lately: gel-like moisturizers that pack a lot of hydration
i don't use primers
it works well as a moisturizer
this hydroblur moisturizer was part of a 500 point bonus
i especially like it in combination with the exfoliating cleaner
anything i use to prep my skin for the day has to be hydrating
i love how its unscented
however it not moisturizing enough to wear alone
i usually apply my josie argan oil under any lotion moisturizer
i received the clinique pep-start hydroblur moisturizer in my sephora play beauty box
my skin is combo with rosacea which is controlled with finacea
moisturizer for your skin
as a catalyst to my goal of skin hydration minus flaking
it's not even a moisturizing primer.
it's referred to as a moisturizer
it's not overly moisturizing
this is more hydrating
only thing that would be a plus is a bit of sunscreen
i like the idea of a moisturizer/primer.
this moisturizer is okay
is moisturizing without being oily
i usually use sephora's moisturizer
this cream is an in between of an everyday hyrdating cream
i see a lot of people complaining that it isn't a full moisturizer or moisturizing enough for their skin types
or philosophy miracle worker moisturizer
i would use a heavier moisturizer at night
i would use it as a moisturizer
light weight nourishing cream is light
with occasional hormonal breakouts
it is very moisturizing to my skin
i already have a moisturizer
moisturizing though for the entire day
it just hydrates for me.
amazing under makeup as a moisturizer
this is also a great base for my sephora bright future gel serum concealer
works wonders with under eye concealers
i've tried all kinds of moisturizers
i decided to try this cream after using the amazing hydrating face mask
she loves that it is extremely moisturizing
i love the egg cream hydration masks
i mixed it with my vitc serum when my skin was irritated
even with the changes to diet
thus i came to sephora where one skincare specialist recommended a serum + cream that had collagen in it
it helps with the puffiness
this cream is magic!
moisturized for 16+ hours
sunscreen since it boasts so many purposes
it's extremely moisturizing and smells amazing.
very moisturizing especially for my dry
fresh rose hydrating eye gel
this moisturizer makes my skin look
i did use some toner mist
it reminds me of collagen
it feels sooo moisturizing and soft.
usually apply moisturizers several times a day
moisturizing enough to use as a night cream
it is incredibly moisturizing
is asking for some extra moisturizer
found that this moisturizer did the trick
eye creams i have ever tried
it is thicker than some other moisturizers i've tried
i love that it contains 5 different firming/moisturizer products all into this 1cream
i apply the cream to my skin
i can also apply my order serums
moisturizers on top of this cream
moisturizer my makeup stays on all day
it says it's a serum
the texture is a little too heavy to be called a serum
it is more like a moisturizer
it used this in place of my usual moisturizer
i loveeeee this moisturizer specially at night time
this product is the first one that has not affected my skin nenegativelyi use it with purpose facial cleanser from the drug store
i've tried multiple moisturizers in the past
have used it as a serum
the cream is very moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being heavy
this moisturizer / mask gives me those same effects
i tap it into my skin like the instructions say before applying other serum
i love how moisturizing it is.
i love lightweight moisturizers
nothing compares to this moisturizer
with an essence lotion
this lotion really works
i used their egg cream masks
extremely moisturizing, but can clog pores
my skin toner looks more even
i must say it does well at moisturizing skin
it works well as a night time moisturizer
mascara if i have a date
i find this one much more moisturizing
that being said, this is a $68 day moisturizer.
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
this is the best face moisturizer for oily skin!
i pair this with the sunscreen and voila!
one pump of this moisturizer will hydrate my face
with any other moisturizer
i allow it to sink in for about 15 minutes before applying the thatcha sunscreen
it works well under either the sunscreen or bb cream
full disclosure: i've started using the midnight recovery serum from kiehl's
the tatcha water gel moisturizer at the same time
with other moisturizers by the end of the day
think exfoliating is important to allow the penetration
purify, exfoliate and hydrate morning and night.
this moisturizer is amazing
i love this moisturizer!
provides a strong healthy moisturizing glow
i love this moisturizer!
it's a great under-makeup moisturizer
dry from acne medication
i think it is intended to be a moisturizer
i don't wear makeup daily
i wash my face with eminence citrus exfoliating wash
this gel is so light
tatcha's pore perfecting water gel
then tatcha's pore-perfecting sunscreen
pair it with the tatcha night serum
it does moisturise well
it's a gel-like formula
i love how light this gel is.
this water gel moisturizer definitely leaves a dewy
use it under my sunscreen
it works great with the tatcha pore perfecting sunscreen
this is a lot of $$$ to drop on a moisturizer
i often get milia from moisturizers
i think it's amazing moisturizer for oily skin
if you want a moisturizer with oil control
it's like a blast of hydration!
so right before moisturizer
i first hydrate with my mac moisture infusion serum hydrant
i normally use the other silky moisturizer as my daily
since it has a lot of glycerin
i find this moisturizer to be lightweight
so refreshing to have a moisturizer for oily skin
wear this under spf
i used this moisturizer before i started using the rice enzyme powder
fresh rose hydrating serum
i am in love with this moisturizer.
it definitely is an amazing daytime moisturizer
this moisturizer is perfect for my oily skin during the summertime
i am on my second stick of this easy to use exfoliating stick
this stick is the best for light home exfoliation
this cleanser is in a super convinient packaging
although this is expensive for a toner
it felt more like a lotion
it's such a fast-absorbing toner that moisturizing my skin super well in the fall
with all natural ingredients
this is the best exfoliating cleanser i've ever used
one of my favorite facial cleanser / exfoliators.
the exfoliating beads were just the right amount
will always recommend any tarte product.
i love this exfoliator.
i got a smaller one of theses in a tarte cleaning kit at the store
i find this exfoliating cleanser to be very gentle
used with with a gel pad to massage into skin.
i never tried it as a masque.
it provides great exfoliation
this honestly is the best exfoliating cleanser!
this is my dearest exfoliating product.
it's a light exfoliate that i use 1-2 times a week to reset my facial skin after a lot of makeup for work
massage the exfoliants over your skin then rinse off
i feel like the exfoliation really preps my skin for the topical treatments i wear
use it as my regular cleanser
has just that right amount of exfoliation.
in the evening i use an oil cleanser
the formula works very well from face to underarms to bikini line
this is my new fave exfoliate.
i love how portable this cleanser is!
if you follow immediately with moisturizer
bought this in the travel size scrub kit with the diving cleanse gel
one of the best exfoliating cleanser i've tried!
this does exfoliate and remove makeup.
the exfoliator isn't too harsh
i usually use the josie exfoliator
i used the tarte moisturizer after
perfect amount of exfoliating goodness
hate when i buy an "exfoliant"
the exfoliating beads are perfect
this is great at exfoliating your face
i will be using this exfoliant for a long time
loved the fine exfoliation
follow up with a gentle moisturizer
then scrub my face using it as an exfoliating cleanser
it is an exfoliator so that is to be expected
the exfoliant is very fine
the exfoliating particles are the perfect texture
the black charcoal is a nice touch for detoxing my skin from everyday toxins
it is a physical exfoliant
really exfoliating but not harsh.
plus the charcoal is great for purifying the skin
it gives just the right amount of exfoliation that a cleanser should
effectively exfoliate the skin
i usually exfoliate my face every morning while i'm showering
use the philosophy micro delivery exfoliating wash
this is the perfect amount of exfoliation
ready to absorb my serum
this is a perfect exfoliant for days when my skin can't h
needed an exfoliator that wasn't harsh
as a facial cleanser twice a week
the exfoliating "beads" or whatever they are are super tiny
washing my face as an exfoliator
it primes my skin for my night serum
i prefer this tube application to bottled cleansers that have beads in them
love the exfoliating and cleansing in one.
this is a gentle yet effective exfoliating cleanser that's super easy to use
this exfoliating stick is amazing!
you can feel the product exfoliating your skin as you rub it around your face
the exfoliating scrub is extra fine
it isn't extremely moisturizing
i noticed an exfoliation as well
it's like you're applying hand sanitizer.
she recommended this moisturizer
i've tried a lot of moisturizers with sunscreen
i've tried a few oil free moisturizers
s down the perfect summer moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
after trying every moisturizer under the sun
i also love a moisturizer with spf.
wanted a new moisturizer with spf
because of how the moisturizer makes my skin
i absolutely love this moisturizing cream.
s like most moisturizers do
it works perfectly with the plantscription serum
even with the added sunscreen
it doesn't have that pasty sunscreen feel
i love this moisturizer.
it's a very gentle toner
this toner does it all-it soothes
this cleanser/toner is amazing.
all of the facial wipes/toners/etc.
so alcohol-heavy cleansers
i sought out this product after learning that calendula flower can actually kill acne bacteria
i feel like using calendula after cleansing is perfect: apparently
decided to use my "clarasonic" with my bareminerals facial cleanser
used the neogen cleansing water
this is a great cleansing water/toner.
also as a toner after cleansing with the green tea foam
i also found this cleansing water to be brightening
the antioxidant power is incredible.
i love to use this cleanser in a double cleanse process
when i tried this product out with my clinique exfoliating brush then applied my moisturizer
this kind of foaming water-based cleanser is perfect for step two of a double cleanse
i always wanted to try a foaming cleanser
keeping some of my acne
except for the pesky hormonal kind
i also love there sunblock lotion!!
whenever i apply sunscreen lotion
i love this cleanser!
i love this foamy cleanser.
as a die hard fan of boscia's purifying cleansing gel
the cool packaging of this neogen cleanser
when using any facial cleansers
definitely recommend a makeup remover before this
i don't wear makeup daily
this is an essential part of my skin care regiment after using my oil cleanser
just moisturize after using this product.
i just love this face cleanser
before this product i was using a cream to foam cleanser
besides the claim of hydrating the skin
i need a more milky cleanser
i moisturize my skin with aloe vera gel afterwards
i love this cleanser.
has helped tame my pre period hormonal acne well
my normal skin feels soft after using this foaming cleanser
i love this cleanser
love this cleanser for the shower.
i really like this cleanser, including the foam.
i like to try different facial cleansers
this cleanser is so foamy & soothing.
this has a lot of ingredients for a cleanser
nterested in foaming cleansers lately
a water based foam cleanser
i apply my moisturizing cream
i don't think this is "hydrating"
instead the ones that emphasizes moisturizing
any remaining makeup that i have after using the makeup remover
this is such a refreshing cleanser.
this foaming cleanser is so nice.
it's a great foam cleanser
applied my shiseido cleansing oil
i apply toner after this... this is great!
the green tea foam cleanser is effective
also works well for a second cleanser after using an oil makeup remover for heavier face makeup or sunscreen
great foam cleanser to follow oil cleanser!
this mask helps with wrinkles
was worried it would be too moisturizing for me
rub it around for exfoliation
helping a bit with my acne
all natural unscented as i have sensitive
i don't believe in "detox"
which helps with exfoliation
other masks offer either the moisture or the exfoliation
my skin gets the daily exfoliation it needs
the mask is unscented so the smell you get isn't artificially created
this mask is such a great combination of detoxifying yet still moisturizing
i ordered this product along with the kate somerville+ retinol firming eye cream $85
then i use the ks + retinol firming eye cream that has the gold applicator
i will post the same review on the kate somerville+ retinol firming eye cream as another beauty may want to try them all
great anti aging serum that help gave me smoother skin
i get hormonal breakouts around the time of my period
exfoliate/ rinse in shower twice a week
it is super super exfoliating
i used 100 beauty points to try clinique city block purifying clay mask
it intrigued me cause i'm going through a charcoal / detox / "purifying" phase lately
it is the most exfoliating product!
i am allergic to everything
oils from my pores
this is my go to moisturizer after cleansing
this moisturizer works for me year round.
con's: for those with dryer skin
after i used my cleanser
i used this moisturizer
usually opt for oil free moisturizers
my go to day &a night moisturizer!
i currently use the clinique moisturizing gel
this gel moisturizer is amazing!
i only get the normal hormonal breakouts on my chin now
vitamin c serum at night
i like this for my almost-every day moisturizer.
this moisturizer feels so light weight
is his first official men's moisturizer
reminds me of my clinique gel cream.
every moisturizer is crazy heavy
it seemed very moisturizing
this is my new go-to moisturizer.
good toning and moisturizing effect.
moisturizer mix is applied you pat it on
i mixed this booster with the philosophy moisturizer
i love that it has sunscreen
it spreads easily and it's very moisturizing.
finding a moisturizer for my skin has been a struggle
the formula is so natural -- free of silicone!
this gel is perfect as a super moisturizing step to replace my facial oil in my breakout zone
a charcoal mask while using this light moisturizer my skin has improved in a matter of days
it does not produce a "shine" under makeup that some gel-based moisturizers do
not to the point of rosacea
this gel moisturizer hydrated
i already used a gel moisturizer for daytime use
not a heavy/intense hydration cream
it was wonderfully moisturizing
think of it as a daily facial massage
makeup remover i have ever used
this is the most amazing makeup remover/ purifying product ever
it hydrates my skin
i still moisturize after i cleanse
usually removes 99% of eyeliner, mascara, etc.
i honestly think that this cleanser has done more for me than prescription topicals
makeup removers i had to scrub
this is the ultimate makeup remover oil.
i've tried other cleansing oils
this cleanser removes all my makeup
(even stubborn waterproof mascara!)
i follow up with a lancôme toner
mascara like no ones business
took my waterproof mascara off in seconds
i still use a regular makeup remover for my eye makeup
also works as a makeup remover
prepared my skin for my cleanser
impurities from the skin
no need for an additional cleanser or moisturizer
massage into face to dissolve makeup
have combination/acne prone skin
i've tried cleansing oils in the past
love this over the tatcha cleansing oil.
will continue using oil cleansers
but love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
the formula rinses clean
the lancôme also desolves my mascara
i don't believe i've found the hg of cleansing oils
i like this cleansing oil.
i think that comes with my serum and moisturizer.
i am in love with using cleansing oils
one of the best oils/cleansers.
i love all cleansing oils
i loved the consistency of this moisturizer cream
it was thicker than most moisturizers i've tried
it's like getting botox plumping
the lactic acid really makes a difference.
i love this moisturizer
this formula is lighter yet very moisturizing
i love the texture of this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer.
usually creams on my face are either not moisturizing enough or they are too oily
i love this moisturizer.
usually creams on my face are either not moisturizing enough or they are too oily
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer by lancome.
i like this moisturizer.
i am a lifetime lover of this moisturizer!
then dab a little bit of a more moisturizing cream on my chin
has the consistency of a serum
it is lightly moisturizing.
lancome had a green oil free gel moisturizer
it has a consistency of a serum
it acts like a lightweight moisturizer
i like this moisturizer a lot.
great to layer under or over other moisturizers for even more hydration
its bursting with moisturizing
this moisturizer is almost like water!
i love this moisturizer a number of reasons.
2 it's great to use under heavier sunscreen lotions
sunscreens don't provide my dry skin with enough moisture
this is good as serum or if your oily a moisturizer
night after your énergie de vie cleanser
pearly lotion as your moisturizer
use advanced génefique as your serum before moisturizing -intended for daily use
this is my go to moisturizer for the summer.
i can still feel how moisturizing it is
light weight moisturizer is perfect for summer.
i don't have any sensitivity to fragrance
usually these alcohols are nothing like "rubbing alcohol"
it is an amazing alternative to cream moisturizer
toning in the am then add my moisturizer
am used to traditional moisturizers
the gel-crème moisturizer to go along with it mainly because the girl at sephora recommended it
i can still feel how moisturizing it is
plump without the stickiness or greasiness of other moisturizers
i still use my regular moisturizer
it's a thirst quencher for my skin
i always apply an anti-wrinkle serum with spf after using this during the day
i follow the serum with a heavier nighttime moisturizer
new favorite moisturizer for my oily skin
it's very moisturizing to my cheeks
i love good moisturizers
i can see the appeal of this lightweight moisturizer
the second ingredient is glycerine
light moisturizer especially for the summer
this moisturizer doesn't irritate my skin in combination
it does have caffeine in it
it's better then most gel form moisturizers.
some other gel moisturizer
it took super pigmented eyeshadow
matte lipstick off my h
i will keep buying this makeup remover
i've never been able to wear a product containing sunscreen without breaking out
i really like this sunscreen because it is very moisturizing
also had good sunscreen protection
i would recommend moisturizing before you apply this since its not super moisturizing due to its mattifying properties
until trying this moisturizer
this is one of the only moisturizers that doesn't cause redness or breakouts
i really like this moisturizer with spf20.
the only bad thing is that dosen't leave a high moisturizing sensation
i love the moisturizer
this is the best moisturizer/sunscreen i have ever used
i love this moisturizer!
15 minutes for moisturizer to set into my skin which all my past moisturizers would do
first time using mattifying product
has spf20 in it
i don't have to worry about applying sunscreen because it has spf
this moisturizer has become one of my holy grails
with the help of a dermatologist also
this moisturizer is perfect
it is the only facial sunscreen i have found that does not leave your face all shiny
i've searched for a moisturizer that meets up to actually mattifying my skin
it moisturizes over the 8 hours
i love this moisturizer.
an acne spot treatment i use daily
you'll want to use something much more moisturizing
i struggle to find everyday face sunscreen that doesn't clog my combination skin pores
i love the texture of this moisturizer.
my skin feels less oily than with other moisturizers i have used
this is the sunscreen for you
it mattifies shine, has spf and is a moisturizer.
this is a great mattifying moisturizer.
this moisturizer keeps me matte at least 4 hours
i finally found my moisturizer!
it is the only mattifying moisturized with spf that actually works
i started to get acne on my combination skin
almost all moisturizers made my skin oily
this has everything you could want in a daily moisturizer
i finally found a moisturizer/sunscreen that i love
love that it has sunscreen without the greasiness
loved this moisturizer for everyday sun protection without being oily like so many other spf products
this is the only lotion that works
i paired this moisturizer with a setting spray
the product is super moisturizing on dry winter skin
does not have mattifying properties
thanks to the spf sunscreen
i loved this moisturizer all summer
only con is the fragrance
i've tried other moisturizers before
as someone with combo skin i've been on the hunt for a mattifing moisturizer
with the mattifying moisturizer
i love this moisturizer
this is great under my foundations that don't have sunscreen
of mattifying moisturizer with sunscreen
the american academy of dermatologists now recommends spf 30 for daily use so
not that this isn't moisturizing
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is perfect
its not very moisturizing.
i mix it with my first aid beauty moisturizer.
i've tried numerous daily moisturizers with spf
follow it up with a more moisturizing spf lotion on areas that tend to be more dry
i love this lotion.
its cheaper than the other mattifying moisturizers
i do put another moisturizer or serum under it as i don't think it s moisturizing enough for me
the matiyfying than heavy moisturizing factor
always on the lookout for the holy grail matte sunscreen
perfect 'foundation' for foundation or concealer.
i just started using daily moisturizer
it's not very moisturizing
can't use it to replace my daily moisturizer
i always look for a daytime moisturizer with spf
i definitely wanted a moisturizer with spf
this is the best moisturizer for oily skin!
i love this moisturizer .
power pressed serum night cream
power 360 degree eye serum
their reveal serum foundation
of course this amazing daily moisturizer
it is a thicker moisturizer
i used it as a night moisturizer.
highlighters because for me
as for the moisturization part
use it as a highlighter on top of my tinted sunscreen
i put it under my cc tinted moisturizer
it almsot is like a lotion highlighter.
i noticed when i use this moisturizer it helps keep my face matte all day
i got it in the skin superfoods kit
no rinse cleansers are great if
i don't rinse it
i love this cleansing water.
no fragrance or residue.
i love using this cleansing water.
don't have time to fuss with gel or lotion cleanser
this cleansing water is an absolute miracle.
rinse free cleanser that won't harm my lash extensions
the girls used this to cleanse my face
aside from occasional hormonal acne
my dermatologist prescribed topical s couldn't even touch it
have tried everything from medicated products
after a year of being on creams
you name it to treat my acne
used apple cider vinegar
the scent is herbal/medicinal
i especially get hormonal acne
it smells sort of medicinal.
will be starting the martian toner tomorrow
it's important to note that i'm near my menstrual cycle
it's now also substituted as my daily moisturizer
this does have a strong herbal scent
i typically prefer aha's such as lactic or glycolic acid for keeping my skin smooth
i do believe this is a special salicylic acid formula
as it is an oil rather than a drying lotion or gel
i've also used this on my bikini line after a wax or shaving
if you're struggling with stubborn hormonal acne
the only of its kind in that it is incredibly moisturizing while still treating acne
i just bought the sr martian toner
moisturized with the tidal moisturizer
this is the only moisturizing finisher i've found that prevents those flare-ups
i think the combination of an oil-based moisturizer
salicylic acid is an absolute godsend: salicylic acid products always dried me out
with occasional hormonal breakouts.
combination skin that is acne prone
even facials from the derm never solved it
salicylic acid tends to be super drying on my skin
b) a face oil to help acne?
it moisturizes while treating my acne
like many acne treatments
am unable to use exfoliating acids
i've struggled with adult hormonal acne on
many mention it treats hormonal acne
my acne is at bay
it also won't combine with your moisturizer
that my skin was detoxing
however my skin care routine contains a glycolic acid serum as well as a retinol/clindamycin/azealic acid cream
acne prone skin as well
then apply my moisturizer
i've had issues with hormonal acne
i recommend this to anyone with acne prone skin
i used retin-a creams
pills for my acne
just make sure to use it with toner
it does have a strong medicinal smell
also use aloe vera to help with my scars
jawline because i usually get hormonal acne throughout the month
i've also been using the first aid beauty retinol at night
sleeping facial for my night moisturizer
retinol are keeping me breakout free
my acne is gone!
kind of a herbal-ly scent
fight those pesky acne breakouts
while i agree this serum has a
my acne prone skin is saving "thank you
the oil is hydrating
this oils has done wonders for my skin!
this oil definitely works to reduce blackheads
it's very herbal medicinal smelling.
i decided to try this after prescription acne medication did nothing
everything from blackheads to hormonal cystic acne
i put it on twice a day after a toner
in combination with the martian toner
nothing moisturizer won't fix
the more deep hormonal pimples i get
using some soap to help wash it off
because i tried a deluxe sample of the fresh vitamin nectar mask
yet very effective exfoliating mask
offers extra exfoliating as you remove it with a washcloth
it's really important to follow the directions when using an exfoliating product
their use of natural ingredients
the consistency is like a gel
with it's vitamin c
so had to try the new vitamin nectar
soy cleanser and lotus lotion are my everyday.
gently exfoliating my active breakouts
we can ingest vitamins
doing this topically 2-3 times a week will change your skin
i like the tool and the cream!
like a mini facial massage
some lipgloss on a daily basis
really moisturizing and calming on the skin.
great everyday moisturizer for oily/combo skin.
this is the only serum that worked
i also did one of the clinique vitamin c boosters which i recommend highly
using the serum before moisturizing my face day
i did not like this moisturizer when i was using 3 different moisturizers at the time
this moisturizer is very hydrating
every night after using a cleanser
this gentle salicylic exfoliant works very well to both lighten post acne red marks
this gentle 2x per day exfoliation works well.
i still get one or two blemishes per menstrual period
thought those were hormonal.
i do use a sunscreen as recommended.
this serum helps minimize any acne scarring
my go to makeup remover!
i can apply this with some concealer
it's not moisturizing enough to be used in its own for my dry skin
i mean many illuminating moisturizers
it did moisturize my face.
although i wear it under my tinted moisturizer
the illuminating moisturizer contains absolutely no artificial fragrances
this moisturizer is packed with 27 high performance ingredients including dual weight hyaluronic acid to provide intense hydration
the primary scent note is roman chamomile
it did a nice job of moisturizing without building up on my skin
this particular one has an herbal scent that is a little overwhelming
i find it more hydrating than her original one
the luminescence blurs my redness from rosacea
illuminizing moisturizer that is perfect for the summer
the illuminating eye crème is free artificial fragrances
this eye crème hydrates
our natural scents derive from nontoxic
we suggest mixing the illuminating eye crème with our restorative eye crème for 360 eye treatment
this eye cream is moisturizing
not the cleanser itself
this is packed with antioxidants
really good for hyperpigmentation
help with hyperpigmentation in just a few uses
i really like this serum/cream.
just tried ptr firming cream with the tool
lifting contouring serum is a must try
elevate firming & lifting contouring serum.
the texture of this serum
i added this eye cream to my daytime routine.
i love how hydrating
have tried a lot of cleansers
traditional treatments of salicylic acid/benzoyl peroxide inflame my skin as do chemical exfoliants
i follow the only with this cleansing foam
lather in your h
it does have a light herbal scent
the belif true cream aqua bomb prep my skin for makeup
sometimes i use witch hazel before i moisturize
great cleanser for acne prone skin.
i've tried all cleansers out there
except the waterproof liner/mascara
which is a natural acne treatment
i've used kate somerville daily exfoliating wash
i pair this with the belief witch hazel herbal extract toner
this is a lightweight moisturizer
this moisturizer was surprisingly moisturizing
super acne prone skin
this moisturizer fits the purpose
as well as the toner
this is my first stick cleanser
as you massage it in with wet h
the chamomile is very calming on my rosacea
the exfoliation is minimal
plus the natural chamomile buds act as a gentle exfoliater/massager
extremely moisturizing and helps with my rosacea!
love using with the tincture essence.
am in love with this cleanser
it's a good foaming cleanser
not as moisturizing as i had expected
not moisturizing enough for my dry
i gave a sample pot to a friend taking topical rx acne medication
it does a good job moisturizing/plumping my skin
use this as a treat every once in a while to soothe my skin after a good exfoliation or other deep cleansing treatment
it helps with my acne !
exfoliating several times a week
spot-treating with benzoyl peroxide
my skin goes back to its pre-honey potion state
not in the "allergic reaction" way
as i massage it into the skin
the propolis properties really help to heal
one star off because i can't use this after exfoliating as it stings
i did exfoliate prior to using the mask this time around
also get monthly facials
i received the farmacyhoney potion renewing antioxidant hydration mask with echinacea greenenvy™ in my january sephora play beauty box
this moisturizing mask warms on contact with skin
this product is #fibromyalgia
after the mask i use my regular moisturizer then apply my makeup
the strong topical meds i was using
it gave me a healthy glow all while moisturizing my skin
massage it one more time
i made the mistake of exfoliating with a microdermabrasion scrub prior to using this mask
and i love that it is all natural ingredients.
perhaps it is the propolis?
honey has mild antibacterial properties
from foundation to skin creams
the extracts have antifungal
results are *double good* if i exfoliate before applying this
this mascara is the perfect fto smooth my skin
along with my humidifier at night
it will help moisturizer
honey is a natural anti-septic
while it is not super moisturizing my skin feels fresh
moisturizers my skin in general
i enjoyed the honey potion mask almost as much as the other farmacy products
it thanks to my skin regimen
i love this acne wash!
this mask is moisturizing
creamy mask that was moisturizing
i would consider what i have now a mixture of stress/hormonal acne
i do recommend using a good exfoliator once a week
like it is cleaning
for a while i was addicted to the boscia charcoal cleansers
i've attempted to use all drug store acne products
i still like to use a moisturizer after
i truly recommend this cleanser.
i love this acne wash!
most of the other acne cleansers i have tried with salicylic acid dries my skin severely
my first aid beauty cleanser on mornings to hydrate my skin
within one wash with this cleanser
supplement with an ultra moisturizing face wash
the ptr acne line is a godsend.
the ance clearing wash is a great essential for people with hormonal acne looking to prevent outbreaks
their aha/bha acne clearing gel
i applied it after cleansing my face
i deal with hormonal acne especially around the jaw line
use a good moisturizer with this
i don't have acne
t's not my saving grace/holy grail of acne spot treatments
i am someone who has been through the rigor of spot acne treatments
i usually use benzoyl peroxide for my face
glycolic acid tend to work better for blemishes on my back
benzoyl peroxide spot treatment isn't enough to get rid of your acne
ptr used to make an acne spot
it was my go-to product for acne
it's very lightweight and absorbs like a serum.
when my skin has its hormonal flare ups
it's slightly illuminating but very moisturizing
after i watched lisa eldridge's video on facial massage
i love the milk for a morning refreshing cleanser
it does not take makeup off as well as the regular soy face cleanser
then tried to restock with the soy face cleanser
i much prefer the milk--less drying than the soy face cleanser
i am a huge fan of the regular fresh soy face cleanser
i would recommend the regular fresh soy cleanser for makeup removal
this soy milk cleanser definitely does remove makeup
it definitely works as a makeup remover
my skin loves this cleanser
this is quite similar to the soy face cleanser
is more moisturizing than the soy face cleanser
it's gentler than the soy face cleanser.
i still much prefer the original soy cleanser as part of my double cleanse at night
at night i cleanse with the original soy cleaner
if i have makeup i double cleanse before with a balm
i love that it feels like a lotion
i used this cleanser to wash my face before bed
love this just as much as the original soy cleanser
this is not that cleanser
instead of tap water i spray my face with evian facial spray to activate it
which is great as i usually rely on two hydrating serums
it almost changes into a serum consistency.
tried it after exfoliating
this was the perfect compromise for adding the dose of hydration my skin wanted
the emulsion effect is awesome -- plumping
ultra sensitive skin that i was using sunflower oil
i still use a serum
or anyone that need hydration in their skin
i love using this with the ren anti pollution mist for added hydration
thank goodness because i usually breakout from hyaluronic acid
this product changed the hydration game for my skin
used this after toning/before my usual serum
actually easy to use just need to add a dap of water to activates it before my serum
before any other serums or creams
then apply my usual moisturizer
i follow this with a ren youth cream moisturizer.
not a lot of moisturizer/facial products wow me
it was like a juice injection into my aging skin.
this cleanser has transformed my skin
that is for emulsifying
the fragrance is a natural ingredient!
which is a plus for me because i get turned off by super fragranced skin care products
following the instructions of applying the lotion dry
you can use it as a moisturizer.
i already use the rose exfoliating cleanser
feels like a sunscreen when you apply it
started using on hormonal acne spots
i am 49 so cleansers can be drying.
i really wanted this to work because of the antiaging claims for elasticity
sulfates to be very drying on my skin
since the yogurt cleanser is my all time favorite i decided to try it
super hydrating and removes all makeup.
this is my new holy grail cleanser
hydrates all while being anti-aging
finally a detoxifying bar that doesn't dry out my skin
besides their egg foam mousse cleanser
i love cleansing oils
i don't like any cleansing oils i've tried.
it removes all my makeup including mascara
love this cleansing water
you will still need a serum for anti-aging
a lotion for moisturizing that will set you back a pretty penny
my skin drinks up this serum
my face was hydrated for several days without moisturizer
i proceeded to massage all the skin care goodness in
i find the best results are after exfoliating my face
fully massage the serum left over onto my face
you are to massage it into the skin
the serum/essential oils left over on my skin after removal feel amazing
aka the actual magic moisturizing part of this product
that serum is a crucial part of the masks anti aging benefits
you massage the remaining product into your skin
i love facial masks
it moisturizes your skin
this mask leaves behind a nice serum that you can massage into your skin after
this mask is super hydrating
the serum it leaves behind does wonders for your skin
found this to be incredibly moisturizing for my skin
the mask is not greasy those are the essential oils in the product that you massage into your skin after using the mask
itthe mask leaves firming peptides
antioxidants on the skin
the serum from the mask makes skin feel like baby bottom silk
without artificial fragrance- i refuse to use products with artificial scents as i have sensitive skin
i am one who uses a serum after i cleanse my face
clean of impurities such as blackheads
that you rub in like you would a moisturizer
then know the residue is supposed to be a serum
it leaves a light serum to rub into your face
it leaves a nice serum on your face that you rub in afterwards
i didn't have an issues with this being too moisturizing
i still love hydrating products
i love the serum it leaves behind after you take the mask off
the serum that remains on your skin after you use the magnet leaves your skin nice
soak in the serum
applied my night moisturizer
probably just like any other moisturizing mask out there
this is one serum that has changed my skin texture
after i apply it i used the pure deepsea hydrating mask
the mask is hydrating
i changed my serum to include it
so moisturizing yet not oily.
have tried other moisturizing masks that have burned my face
how i did it: step 1 josie maran exfoliating oil wash step two clay mask step 3 dr
a modeling mask that doesn't contain oils yet it does an amazing job hydrating
love that it soothes my eczema on face.
i honestly love this serum
i never did well with prescription retinol-a
wear that sunscreen though!
i used murad's intensive age-diffusing serum prior
i even noticed it helps with my hormonal breakouts
i take care of my skin with moisturizers
more hydrating moisturizer after using this
as long as i apply moisturizer afterwards
this serum is very silky
i follow it with moisturizer to lock in the benefits
sometimes glycolic based products would help
my favorite serum-goes to work immediately
it's a great serum for me
i tried this serum
most skin care products irritate my skin including cleansers
i love this cleanser and this brand!
gel cleansers are great for combination or sensitive skin
this is better in comparison to the fresh soy cleanser
female 20 yrs oldnormal to dry skinpost accutane treatment
this is my go to nighttime cleanser!!!
or skin-sensitizing ingredients
i love this cleanser
in love with this cleanser!
bpa-free glass bottle
not only is this deep cleaning cleanser vitamin packed
moisturize after this wonderful cleanser to avoid drying out
not oily, either- this is a true "gel" cleanser.
the cleanser leave my skin clean
this cleanser removed my mascara
this cleanser is a miracle product for me
i love this cleanser.
i like this cleanser a lot.
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser!!
this cleanser has calmed my breakouts
this cleanser seems to balance my oil production
one of the sephora sales rep gave me samples of the youth to the people cleanser along with the skin laundry cream cleanser
i found my new favorite facial cleanser.
best cleanser i've tried besides philosophy's purity cleanser
i live in the desert so an spf moisturizer follows
green tea spinach vitamins cleanser as a result of a free sample when purchasing another sephora product
water to remove the cleanser
this cleanser does foam up
i did still have to moisturize after use
the kale spinach cream
the cream has the perfect amount of moisture for my combination skin
this cleanser cleanses the skin without stripping the moisture
i love this cleanser.
it meets my criteria of no parabens / no sulfates / no added fragrance
must be the kale and spinach ingredients.
it removes all eye makeup including mascara
this in combination with drunk elephant serums
my skin basically only responds to exfoliation in the form of a scrub
exfoliating toners make it worse
acne prone skin with rosacea
i do moisturize after
cystic acne / hormonal acne
now i just need a miracle cream for acne scars.
this kale-spinach-green-tea-age-prevention-cleanser is the best i've ever used on my finicky skin
i've used a lot of facial cleansers because i like to try new things
i also use the youth to the people moisturizer nightly
hyaluronic acid is a great ingredient
this cleanser really foams
oil to balance out my combo skin that has a tendency for acne
takes off all of your makeup including mascara
long wearing eyeshadows etc
it is drying if your not using serum
moisturizer after using cleanser
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser has done wonders for my skin
i strongly suggest you use this with the yttp moisturizer
this cleanser is a miracle worker
my skin is combo
have the moisturizer as well
one more thing i love about this moisturizer that has antioxidants that prevents future aging of the skin
just drinking this superfood up
receive compliments--it is drinking up the superfoods
while it says cream
the consistency is that of a lightweight gel/cream
moisturizer because i wanted to try the face wash
has a gel moisturizer effect which is a no no for my skin type
it's great to mix with a serum
cream mixed with serum
it goes on like a gel cream
add the farsali gold elixir in it at night for that extra moisture
it's probably not moisturizing enough for the winter
from acids or retin-a
i cannot stress how light this moisturizer is
it instantly hydrates your skin
this is a great moisturizer before bed
it's more like a gel cream
this is the perfect moisturizer for oily skin!!!!
so a lot of moisturizers make my skin burn
i used this as my daytime moisturizer
i love using this as a night moisturizer
especially after using the drunk elephant tlc serum
when i wasn't using this moisturizer
i don't think it is moisturizing enough for a day cream
this is perfect at moisturizing
i love that it contains hyaluronic acid!
along with a few drops of facial oil mixed into my serum
while it could do a bit more in terms of moisturizing
i do use moisturizer in the mornings
love a good moisturizing product
i apply it after toner and lotion in the morning.
this is the moisturizer for us !!
acne-prone skin such as myself
this was amazingly moisturizing.
i love the moisturizer!
i chose this kale moisturizer over fresh any day
i love this moisturizer!!
i would recommend a hydrating serum if you are extremely dry
the age prevention cream is a nice option for hydrating dry skin
unlike a lot of night creams
i usually have issues with product pilling either with my sunscreen or makeup
worked beautifully under my biore perfect milk sunscreen
in the meantime i'm going to find something a little more moisturizing
i love this moisturizer.
i am obsessed with this moisturizer!
is a gel-cream base so should be suitable for acne prone skin
i'd say this is a good daytime moisturizer.
this moisturizer is very light weight
does an amazing job at moisturizing on top of the jojoba oil i regularly apply to my face
didn't seem particularly moisturizing
serum combination are really helping the spots heal well
i do not think this moisturizer is moisturizing enough on its own for the harsh new engl
my recommendation is to get both the serum
don't be afraid to apply additional moisturizer on top of this if it isn't moisturizing enough
i get eczema when the season change
this moisturizer has saved my skin
i actually love this moisturizer.
other than that it is very moisturizing
besides the roebucks face anti-aging moisturizer i also use at night
this is another great moisturizer to hydrate the skin more
if i want hydration
it's got vitamins e
calendula face oil drops which help absorb face creams/serums so that i only need a couple of dots of this to make it last longer
moisturizer from this br
the moisturizer is light
this is definitely the best moisturizing product i've bought so far
when you use this cream after cleansing
this is the cream!
the hyaluronic acid makes it good for age prevention
their glycolic acid serum at night
no peeling using with the serums at all!
it works for me since the serums add moisture as well
moisturizing enough to layer over my drunk elephant b hydra gel in the evening
i love the cleanser and this moisturizer.
it helps with the redness
silky hyaluronic acid gel serum
now i am buying the cream and cleanser.
i feel cured of an uncurable skin condition.
so ordered this serum
i've stopped using the harsh topical treatment for acne prescribed by my doctor because of these results already
apply a spray on toner well so my face is a little wet
then work this serum in
i almost tried all clarifying/exfoliating serum out there
drunk elephant night serum
i follow up with either the fresh rose moisturizer or sr tidal moisturizer
like i've been on a kale only diet with some fruits
this serum works wonders
right now my routine is very simple: cleanse with light gel cleanser
moisturize with gel moisturizer
sometimes chemically exfoliate at night
i still want the anti-aging effects of vitamin c
ordered this new serum from youth to the people
silky serum that absorbs quickly
it has a fresh herbal scent that dissipates after a minute
this serum is just everything
i like my serums more on the liquidy side
this concealer has saved my life.
i don't have a beauty blender
i applied it after moisturizing
no more mass amounts of concealer and foundation.
it feels like a serum
it was a bit cakey for me when i used it as a concealer
this is a miracle total coverage concealer.
i just touch a little powder concealer
with or without the cc cream-
it cosmetics needs to exp
follow up with a setting power or a bronzing powder
deff eliminates all redness
i do not have rosacea
i tried using a beauty blender
could be warmed up with bronzer
i love all the skin care ingredients in this.
hormonal redness all nbye bye redness
also use it as a concealer when i want light coverage
i apply it with a beauty blender.
it blends super well with my bobbi brown concealer with either a brush or a beauty blender
i used a regular makeup sponge
i wanted to try this because the redness shows though when wearing tinted moisturizer
put bronzer or blush
i barely need any concealer
/use just bbue as a spot concealer all over my face
usually just apply over moisturizer/sunscreen
unless i wanted to cake on concealer- no
if any redness still occurs i use coverfx concealer to completely cover
when i told the sephora girl that i wanted a concealer to cover redness
concealer all in one
helps control my oiliness longer than the cc cream
s of dollars i have spent on prescription creams
i 'm using it as foundation/concealer
gels, creams, masks, treatments, coverups, etc.
i’ve also been using the superhero mascara
under at least some concealer
i'll continue to use ysl's touche eclat concealer/highlighter on the red patches
with my too-faced bronzer all over
had to resort to trying lots or lots of anti-redness primers
it's also formulated with all kids of good stuff including colloidal oatmeal
active acne for over a year due to hormones
i usually use 2 layers of concealer
lightest color in foundations/concealer
i am 27 and still have acne.
wish "it cosmetics" would make it for oily skin
i am allergic to all cosmetics till now.
don't expect your typical serum consistency
i am in love with this makeup remover!
as i don't care for the oils/liquid ones
followed it up with my estée lauder anr serum
moisturize with the confidence in a cream by it cosmetics
moisturizes my skin in one step
works on hard to remove makeup and mascara!
glowy after i cleanse with this
my regular moisturizer is perfect after
bronzers not to mention my eye make up which is waterproof
i love all cleansing balms
contact lens wearers be ware!
function of this makeup remover
this makeup remover is amazing!
i don't much care for the "serum" part of this
then i use a foaming cleanser to rewash my face or i will use micellar cleanser to wipe down my face depending on my mood
usually try to find a moisturizing make up remover
it takes all my makeup, including mascara off.
i followed that up with my toner
it also has a serum in it that goes to the deeper layers of the skin that cleansers
i find some other cleansing balms leave a reside on my skin
any long lasting lipstick
out of all the cleansing oils
this is my go to makeup remover each night!
it dissolves all of my makeup-mascara
my makeup including my waterproof mascara melts off my face after applying
it cleanses your face
the fragrance is purely aroma therapeutic.
i love this makeup remover.
i love this makeup remover!
i used a serum as well as my night cream after using this product
when i use oils
after you wipe its moisturizing
it gets off my waterproof mascara
i'd been using the first aid beauty cleanser
this is an amazing makeup remover!!
exfoliate with my purity
this smooth balm relaxes the mascara
i wear makeup everyday
this cleansing balm does this.
i follow with an acne cleanser personally.
it works on all waterproof 24hr even my kvd eyeliner
i tried ren's cleansing balm in the past
oils are the only cleansers that don't strip my skin of moisture
it's also completely unscented
will easily remove waterproof mascara
it takes off every single bit of makeup including waterproof eyeliner
i continue rinsing my h
it helps moisturize your skin at the same time
it does remove almost all makeup including liquid lipsticks
the only place it struggles is with very waterproof waxy mascaras
it is a balm that once rubbed in turns to a wonderful serum feeling cleanser
i need something mattifying
this primer is not a mattifying primer
mattifying primer under the sun
after my makeup i use the bye bye pores setting powder
this primer is almost like a serum.
the tarte hangover rx primer
this is like a hybrid of moisturizer
some kind of silicone based primer
retinol helps with signs of aging
after trying a number of other eye creams
almost feels like aloe on a sunburn
come back to apply makeup/moisturizer
no amount of concealer can cover them
i've tried dozens of under eye creams
i can follow it with my concealer
this cream works wonders
am only using this eye cream at bedtime
good under-eye concealers
tarte eye creams for years
it is definitely moisturizing
i knocked a star off because this is not moisturizing enough for me
same as my moisturizer
you really can't expect surgical results from a topical cream
peptides plus vitamin c etc it beats many products i have tried
no problem with concealer over it
it's very moisturizing without being too greasy.
it helps a lot when i apply under eye concealer
it's also not to moisturizing
including this eye cream
i usually buy all my skin care at a dermatologist office
this moisturizer is amazing!
i recommend this moisturizer for every age group
i wanted to put this moisturizer to the test
i know i have found my winter moisturizer
this is my new holy grail moisturizer.
it is so gentle and so moisturizing.
sn't so gentle that it's not fully moisturizing
i love this moisturizer!!!
this moisturizer is amazing!
i've tried 5+ different moisturizers to reduce them
water as my toner
which i prefer in a moisturizer
this is my new holy grail daily moisturizer!
for the price as compared to other creams
my roommate uses the bobbi brown vitamin enriched face base
this one has 10ml more
i love it its very moisturizing
i also started using the kate somerville eradikate acne treatment cleanser the same night i tried this moisturizer
scented with essential oils
this moisturizer does not irritate my skin
use two different types of moisturizer
upon opening this moisturizer
this lotion could replace all of my thick creams
that it was very moisturizing
this moisturizer has become a holy grail for me
i love this moisturizer!!
needed a heavier moisturizer for winter.
fell in love with this moisturizer
since i needed something more moisturizing for the day during the winter
i also use retin a from my derm
this is an amazing moisturizer.
i am a huge believer in moisturizing your skin especially your face
i am a huge addicted to hydrate creams i been try probably 22 different this cream
this moisturizer has a thick cream
so my winter moisturizer
this moisturizer is smooth
have tried many different moisturizers
i decided to give the moisturizer a try
i am on retinol now
it is moisturizing without being greasy
instead i use the spf 50 it cc powder for sun protection
this is a wonderful moisturizing cream.
this is the perfect moisturizer before makeup
my go-to multi-tasking moisturizer.
it hydrates and plumps with superiority.
i also use korres wild rose 24 hour moisturizing cream
i am in love with this moisturizer!
i apply this after my serum
this is the best moisturizing cream i have ever used
i can put on a daily moisturizer under my makeup
wouldn't recommend for a daily moisturizer under makeup
paired with it cosmetics cc cream
i love this moisturizer.
i even use as a light-weight day moisturizer- great under makeup
i put aside my serums
it has given me better effects than any one antioxidant product ever has
this is the only retinoid that doesn't irritate my skin
my skin got so dried after several acne treatments
it may be the blue light therapy
pm serums from this br
giving my skin a vitamin during the day
noticed that it was helping my skin more than the prescription acne cream i was using
i wash my face with the fab face cleanser
almost like an ointment
i also get cystic hormonal breakouts
this is an amazing ointment for anyone with acne prone
t is very moisturizing
so every time i've tried a thicker moisturizer
acne issues have been from lack of moisturize
the moisturizer contains spf
this moisturizer completely softened my skin!
it agreed with my acne prone skin.
the product moisturizes well
suggest using it as a night time moisturizer
i love it as a spot moisturizer for red areas
i quit using tretinoin
prescription topical acne cream because i felt like it was doing my skin more harm than good
so well past the dryness/purging stages of tretinoin
using with josie maran argan oil
it moisturizer my skin
there are def more moisturizing products out there
cleared the hormonal acne along my jawline
it is a perfect moisturizer
i started using this cream in combination with the cicapair color correcting balm
i hardly even touch powder or concealer.
if you're struggling with hormonal acne
the green cream sunscreen too
i started using prescription-strength retinol about a year ago
for moisturizer i like ceramidin better
now this cream is definitely not the most moisturizing product i have used
than you might want something a little more moisturizing
his prescription cream for rosacea stopped working
i've tried everything from medicated to "all-natural
this cream saves my life.
i saw this as the recommended product for combination skin/acne-prone skin type
my face is healing
when i am using long-wear lipsticks
large hormonal cyst type zits
from two days of exfoliating my dry flakes off
using this cream i am in moisturizing heaven
decided to give a try for this cream for my redness
this moisturizer is amazing!
this was recommended to me by sephora's search engine as a moisturizer for oily skin
it is wonderful as a healing treatment under moisturizer
i got allergy testing done
turns out i was allergic to a bunch of chemicals used in makeup
i just started using a 10% glycolic acid toner
my pores needed that glycolic acid lol
moisturizer for my skin
how it feels on my skin after applying my clarin's double serum
the viscosity of the cream is nice
how moisturizing it is
it's hydrating i use it night and morning.
definitely became a part of my daily skin care regimen
the overly moisturizing products break me out so easily
i applied this cream
1000/10, this is a miracle cream.
applied it after my toner at night
loved how moisturizing it sampled on my h
after i was allergic to a product from la-roche posay
i found that using a beauty blender or makeup sponge helps distru
this cream reduces redness
it doesn't contain chemical sunscreens that i am allergic to
do wear this product over my daily moisturizer
different moisturizers-- you name it i tried it
except for the occasional hormonal breakout
i try that cream
when i'm on acne treatments that make my skin sensitive to the sun
this is the best at removing waterproof mascara.
i used this moisturizer/spf
with concealer it's perfect for everyday
the moisturizing benefits under my makeup
i put on a light moisturizer
plus it has spf!!!
this lotion is great for color correction.
also under bb cream or tinted moisturizer
often stick to oils for moisturizing instead of heavy creams
i tend to get rosacea
redness i have to use my retin a at night
the product does have a slight medicinal/herbal scent which doesn't bother me
i used the it cosmetics bye bye redness
i will where this over a moisturizer since it's not very moisturizing
after a few sweeps of bronzer
some lipstick or gloss
after using it for a week the flaking from my topical medication was gone
have to layer my toners or essences at least 7 times
i only use a little concealer on any pimples
use this with moisturizer since it can be drying on a daily basis
the treatment has a grittier texture than most creams
t’s best to prep the skin with moisturizer for smoother application
i don’t like the feeling of foundation or sunscreen
for that you need color correcting concealer.
i moisturize, then slather this stuff on.
i apply after my serum
i do use a very hydrating serum underneath because it can be a bit drying
i needed a daily sunscreen.
and it didn't have that typical sunscreen smell.
i add my regular moisturizer to it.
4 stars because it isn't very moisturizing
have to use more moisturizer underneath
this is magic cream!
this is the perfect color corrector for my redness prone skin
this product i use on top of my korres greek yogurt smoothie
for those with acne
i usually wear sunscreen
one thing i realized about this product is that it's very moisturizing so you don't need to put moisturizer before
old no matter what lotions/potions i tried
doesn't cover acne or sunspots
and it has an spf!
this is my go-to makeup remover
while also reducing the redness from the eczema
this product is perfect for color correcting all the redness
i recommend using a matte foundation or mattifying powder over top to combat
a great makeup remover to remove everything except mascara
for mascara i use the sephora waterproof eye makeup remover
it dissolves my waterproof mascara
massage over the face
this cleanser takes off all the makeup!
i first tried this makeup remover as a 100 point perk
i don't wear waterproof mascara
it takes off waterproof mascara
it does a great job as a makeup remover/pre cleanser
it rinses off like any regular cleanser
i follow with purity face wash
lts not a face wash
same with cleansing cloths.
herbal scent that i personally really enjoyed
this is one of the best facial cleansers i've used
primer + foundation + concealer + powder + eye makeup
but as a regular cleanser i love it!
nothing more than most cleansing balms
it took off every bit of my waterproof mascara
pencil + liquid liner+ mascara
i just finish my cleansing routine with a toner
especially when it came to mascara
oily texture is perfect for doing a facial massage
this cleanser is really moisturizing
i used a cotton pad with my tonic water to see if any make up is there
i usually apply cleansing cream
it removed all my makeup even my waterproof mascara
or another cleanser i have on h
but this balm is amazing at removing makeup!
takes off the mascara
i used my go to eye makeup remover
i regularly wear waterproof gel eyeliner that i apply with a brush
i don't use waterproof mascara
type of makeup remover in the world
this is the holy grail of hydration.
it's not as moisturizing as i had hoped
i then use a milk or cream cleanser after to clean my skin
other balms like the ultrabl
i love this makeup remover.
it really does remove even waterproof eyeliner or mascara
this balm helps to make moisturizing easier
most face cleansers make my face even dryer.
i like to use this followed by a facial cleanser.
make up remover/ cleansers
already have an oil based makeup melting cleanser i love
it does have a bit of an herbal natural charcoal smell that did not bother me at all
which i think is from the detoxifying charcoal
it removes all of my make up from liquid lips to waterproof mascara to heavy duty concealers
i love this makeup remover.
i think it might be a tad too moisturizing for oily skin
i tried all kinds of high end moisturizers
followed thru with serum
radiation therapy for a year for breast cancer
3-4 sprays of rose water into my h
i couldn't believe how hydrating this splash mask is
every time i get out the shower if i go too long without moisturizing right out the shower
i get hormonal acne
it's firming, plumping, hydrating.
this face cream, one of their cru eye cream.
i got this cream as a tester
manufactured like grape gum
i love that all of their formulations do not include harmful ingredients
this cream is it
almost like a bath for my skin.
i also picked up the serum
the combination of hyaluronic acids
emollients is extremely reparative for dry skin
the added bonus is the antioxidant resveratrol which keeps cellular communication going
i love this moisturizer.
i've used every moisturizer you can think of
my skin is combination
i recommend this for either a day or night moisturizer
i can be used as a deep moisturizer as part of your bedtime routine or it can be used as a light moisturizer before applying cosmetics
or even over the top of a serum
always added jojoba to my paula's choice moisturizer for the last 7 years or so
" i guess they're used to creams that are loaded with synthetic fragrance
preservative-free product based on the tester in the store
i like this moisturizer because it is very hydrating
it does not have synthetic fragrances or chemicals in it
have not broken out or had any allergic reactions to this moisturizer
i am a fan of this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
since i've been using this i have not had to use my hydrating spray
go the dermatologist for help etc
unlike a lot of the synthetic-smelling creams on the market
that we can massage the eye area
this moisturizer literally changed my skin
when i put my serum or oils on first i would used this product last
redness in addition to being a great day or night hydrator
i am loving this moisturizer!
starting applying this balm for my breakouts
this balm makes my pimples easy to extract
i usually use shea
i've tried many moisturizers from premium
coconut oils haven't been able to do
this balm is the balm!!!
this balm is changing my life!
made from natural ingredients
i tried the balm-in-oil
usually i only use oils to moisturize
when i use it i don't need a serum or an eye cream because it is really that amazing
rubbing it into my skin is very therapeutic
so this is a perfect combo of a super heavy cream to oil moisturizer
hydrating on my skin
this product is perfect for anyone with dry spots or anyone seeking a moisturizing night treatment
my skin feels moisturizer
s use not so good ingredients to keep their creams/balms in a wet state
pure product with no additives
silicone or alcohol are gone
i usually break out with scented oils
my skin dries out several hours after applying serum
a little air conditioner for my face
i normally burn even with sunscreen on
the lxmi melt is so moisturizing for my dry
applying moisturizer on after it's absorbed helps a lot
i do collagen eye masks every other day
have tried so many eye creams
i do add a moisturizer since this is a retinoid
this is a pricey eye cream
i still use a different eye cream for hydration
!i was spending $85 on an eye serum.
this moisturizer isn't super heavy
it's like botox results without the needles.
please note the retinol might burn a smidge
i love shiseido benefiance for moisturization of the eye area
i get allergic reactions to a lot of products
i did a mini facial at sephora
once i find the exfoliator i will have the holy grail of skin care products
most moisturizers can't combat that
love that it is unscented.
after an allergic reaction
this is an amazing hydrating moisturizer
i used one of the sample sunscreens without checking if it was ok for sensitive skin
normally i use vitamin c on its own to brighten my skin
i am sensitive to night moisturizers because they usually have acids
use this moisturizer day
definitely recommend this moisturizer.
i tried so many different moisturizers
i struggle with hormonal acne
this moisturizer has cleared up my adult acne
it hasn't *caused* any acne
plus it works well over serum
i love this lotion!
clairns double serum for about two weeks
3-5 minutes depending on how much serum you use
i love this moisturizer
there are no added dyes
this cleanser is my new holy grail!
i follow with belif's foaming cleanser for troubled skin
with this product i actually use less of my moisturizer
no unnecessary synthetic fragrance
i am now using kopari cleansing oil
mineral oil-based cleansers
barely need to exfoliate/moisturize after using this
i love that it is free of mineral oil.
this belif cleanser gets the job done at removing makeup
cleansing my face without overdrying my skin
i follow up with a gentle foam cleanser for double-cleanse
i ways struggle to get rid of eyeliners
before this cleansing oil my routine was eye makeup remover lotion
with this cleansing oil i only cleanse with the oil
follow this with a cleanser
before using belif foam cleanser with my clarisonic
i switched to this moisturizing cleanser because it has several nourishing oils in it
daytime i am using the belif cream moisturizer
i became obsessed with finding the most moisturizing everything
i've used up a whole bottle of the true cream moisturizing bomb
i've also tried their peat eye cream which seemed to be very moisturizing
this is a thick cream with a light herbal fragrance
and this was used as the moisturizer base.
hydrating at the same time
worth a try if anyone is struggling with trying to find an oil free hydrating moisturizer
i researched my eye creams
one of my many symptoms of pms
i like using this mask after using an exfoliating cleanser
the rice powder is a unique product that foams up with water
very moisturizing and doesn't cause blemishes.
up until recently i have been using an essence with argon oil as my moisturizer
to using a nightly serum to save up my argon oil
it smooth my eczema off
i put the serum on first
follow with the moisturizer
the cleansing oil was amazing at removing makeup
cleanser to see if my skin could improve
now on to the rice enzyme powder .
this is effective at removing sunscreen with a gentle exfoliation with the enzyme powder
the rice enzyme cleanser is awful
a travel size classic rice enzyme powder
upon adding water it makes a milky emulsion
the rice powder is a nice gentle exfoliate that can be used daily 2xs a day if desired
these products have a light clean botanical type scent with anti aging properties
product size: cleansing oil 25 ml 0
silk cream sample packet 2ml 0
i just found my favorite skin care cleansing routine
the rice enzyme powder is my favourite thing from this set
this exfoliator needs more hype
the rice enzyme powder is so gentle that i've incorporated it into my weekly routine
i also love the camellia cleansing oil
the powder cleanser is such a good gentle exfoliater
already dealing with menopause hormones
the exfoliating powder is very smoothing.
it really preps my skin for a moisturizing mask
i've tried a few different oil cleansers
"all-natural" exfoliator products
the rice powder exfoliant is perfect for my sensitive skin
i used the oil cleanser after i used an eye makeup remover
i've used the rice enzyme powder before
hormone/acne around the chin
it's advertised as a milky cleanser
leaves my face feeling moisturizer
i love facial oils and this one is a favorite.
concealer if it gets cakey
under my night cream as a serum
as well as a makeup remover
i follow up with the coconut cleanser
it does a great job of moisturizing
before buying this i would moisturizer religiously
you're never too young to start moisturizing
lightweight, very moisturizing and smells great.
i am prone to hormonal breakouts
it's more of an emulsion
my skin type is combination skin
then feels like a light moisturizer
i love this as a moisturizing leave-on night mask
i apply this after i use a toner or serum
moisturizer, definitely a must try.
a rosewater spray for toner
serums in my repertoire
replenishes my skin with moisture
it's a different texture than creams i'm used to
this moisturizer was perfect for my skin this winter
my skin is smooth with overall redness because of rosacea
i still have rosacea
i especially love that the cream is unscented
i can get allergic contact dermatitis
i tried argan oil
it wasn't emollient enough
pure is my holy grail moisturizer!
my go to for sunburn
have tried dozens of creams
i am the pickiest person when it comes to moisturizers
can wait to try their serum!
without the greasiness some moisturizers give
usually mix it with a serum at night for deeper hydration
i love this moisturizer.
i wise it in conjunction with the cleanser/ scrub
i love this face lotion!
i also mix a little of the vitamin c oil korres wild rose with this to give it more hydration
it's all natural ingredients which is a plus
gross firming peptide milk
tried every moisturizer in sephora
this moisturizer is amazing.
they either make me break out or aren't moisturizing enough
please carry the eye cream and serums, sephora!
without a separate hydrating serum underneath
nothing compares to this in the way it moisturises my skin
this cream is everything!
this is such a miracle cream.
immediately follow with their detoxifying bar soap
massage the product in to cleanse your face
after trying homemade cleansing oils
impurities from my skin
rough patches that requires prescription cleansers that are drying
use a washcloth as well
the bad part is that when i applied toner after the cleanse
i then started exfoliating
even get monthly facials
i really enjoyed my erno laszlo detoxifying double cleanse set that i received complimentary from erno laszlo
for the past 8 weeks i've been using the erno laszlo detoxifying double cleanse set that i received complimentary from erno laszlo
i really enjoy my erno laszlo detoxifying double cleanse set that i received complimentary from erno laszlo
okay i just received this detox
leaves you in control of your range of detoxing
wash it away with detoxing cleansing bar
it exfoliates the skin
liked the cleansing oil
this cleanser does that
use this as a daily face cleanser
makeup from my skin
without cleaning my skin with a good cleanser
wash it away with detoxing cleansing bar
it exfoliates the skin
charcoal as some of the ingredients
i really enjoyed this facial cleanser!
different for a facial cleanser
i needed to use a lot of lotion.
i am assuming from the detoxifying properties
grapeseed blend is the perfect combination to gently dislodge impurities as it soothes
i appreciate a cleanser that is not drying
topical treatments i had received from my dermatologist
i rec'd the detoxifying set free from influenster to test
i received the detoxifying cleansing duo from influenster to try out
after using this detoxifying clean set my skin has cleared up
my skin is free of acne
i love detox kits!
some detox items can dry you out
i tend to wash my face with soaps
definitely apply lotion though
unlike many cleansing oils
i lather the cleansing bar without rinsing off the cleansing oil
it made me break out because it is detoxifying
i wear makeup everyday
battling hormonal cystic acne
impurities from the day
the oil cleanse is gentle
the exfoliator doesn't have any micro beads that can irritate sensitive skin
no need for makeup remover when you use the cleansing oil
when i received the "detoxifying" set to try out from influenster
i love my erno laszlo detoxifying double cleanse set that i received complimentary from erno laszlo
takes off a normal amount of mascara
if you use heavy mascara
proper moisturizing fixes that
the smell on the cleanser is like spa grade clean
i usually need to exfoliate 2-3 times a week
good for my skin i'm oily and its detoxifying
i received erno laszlo hydra-therapy double cleanse travel set from @influenster
this travel set contains a hydra-therapy cleansing oil
erno laszlo hydra-therapy cleansing oil is not heavy
erno laszlo phelityl cleansing bar make out of rich botanical oils such as rosemary extract
macadamia nut oil which nourishes
you start with the oil which hydrates your skin
the cleansing oil does a great job of removing waterproof eyeliner
the cleansing bar did seem to moisturize my skin
could see this being a unisex product
i usually have to drench in moisturizer after i wash my face
i love that the cleansing oil
bar soap together cleanse without stripping my face of its natural oils
i do need some exfoliation with it though
use my clarisonic with it after i've added the bar soap lather
nourish hydra therapy collection is working really well
the bar soap really cleanses my skin
i need to put lotion on
i think that in comparison to other facial cleansers
i like a water-based cleanser to remove the residual oils
i still had to use a daily face lotion though.
i am usually not a fan of facial bar soaps
the extra oils give me an added radiance
after using the soap bar
this moisturizers so well
oily for me use as a daily cleanser
cream cleansers to leave a film causing me to use 2 products to get the desired effect
i love my hydra-therapy double cleanse travel set
would recommend especially if your skin dries out from other facial cleaners
i did use some makeup remover to melt down my waterproof mascara
after using this cleanser
used in combination with a makeup remover before h
the hydrotherapy sample is amazing as well
moisturizers i was using before
i don't like a milky cleanser i like more of a foaming cleanser
the soap is very moisturizing
i love the hydra-therapy double cleansing set.
i also use waterproof mascara
i got the hydra-therapy duo
i followed with my usual moisturizer
personally i'm allergic to many facial products
i really liked this facial cleansing set!
the soap really cleanses my skin
the soap cleanses that away
this has been a miracle cleanser
when i applied the cleaning oil
soap combination both cleans
i get migraines from it due to my allergies
the cleansing oil everyday
the serum every two days
propert cleanse my skin
i normally use micellar water or just a regular foaming cleanser for my face
i love the makeup remover!
i followed it up with the timeless serum for extra hydration as well
combined with the erno laszlo serum this was a hydrating
that is easily fixed with a serum or lotion
i don't use cleansing oils.
i prefer a simple gel cleanser.
my test is to take a cotton pad with toner
makeup from the skin
vitamin e that works well against dryness
it is a cleansing oil that contains: vitamin e
a bar of soap cleanser with chamomile
it is a combination of a cleansing oil that contains: vitamin e
a bar of soap cleanser with chamomile
i used my toner afterwards
i did have issues with the soap bar lathering up
nude bar for exfoliating/detox
while it cleanses impurities to perfection
botanicals which are not only good for your skin
i loved the little packet of serum--my favorite part?
i like the combination of this oil/soap product.
despite the cleansing soap being a bar
i normally use cream cleansers
i do follow with serums/moisturizers
cleansing soap is great
this is great for traveling especially trying to fight hormonal acne
it works great to help with my hormonal acne
since using this in conjunction with my moisturizer
place for the soap
have tried hundreds of cleansers
two step cleansing process made all my makeup including waterproof eyeliner
love the lather the soap bar gives
usually i don't use cleansing oils
this is a nice exfoliating mask that improves skin condition
hyper-pigmentation from breakouts are healing because of these products
prep me for the next moisturizing step
you mix the powder with water
i followed with a light exfoliating cream cleanser
i used the origins mushroom lotion to mix with the powder
it is so moisturizing
i've tried different eye creams
don't expect miracles from eye creams.
this eye cream is super moisturizing
feels moisturizing without feeling oily
this moisturizer absorbs into your skin within a min
i love this moisturizer
it is super moisturizing
this is very emollient
when i started incorporating this face wash the moisturizer it comes with
for aging skin this is a nice cleanser
my skin loves this cleanser
every morning i wash with cleanse
i will be left with my normal rosacea redness
this cleanser has made a difference in my acne
i figured the best thing to do for acne is to cleanse your skin with a natural cleanser
this cleanser is unscented
on my 3rd bottle of this magic serum!
after toner at night
i love this serum.
it's already become my go-to daily serum
this is a anti-aging serum from belief
the texture is between gel
this serum is definitely hydrating
its not a bad serum at all
my must for skin care is eye cream,
so this is h#lla moisturizing.
i will never go back to the drugstore moisturizers
i couldn't use moisturizer at all.
i mostly use it as a mask or a night moisturizer.
worked faster on my eczema than medicated creams
anyone with eczema who isn't reactive to honey should look into this
eczema patches on my h
it amazed me how moisturizing it was
i recently used an eyeshadow that must of had some sort of latex that im allergic to
love how it helps with eczema!
will recommend to any one with eczema
recently had an allergic reaction to eyelash glue
put some of this miracle healing ointment on my eyelids
also works great as a lip mask after exfoliating or in prep for liquid lipstick
i like honey-based bath
exfoliating honey lip balm/scrub
i buy crazy expensive moisturizers
this "lotion" is a god send!
i've tried so many creams
lotions only to have them irritate my skin more
including expensive topicals from a dermatologist
i've tried heavy duty creams
it's better than harmful fragrances
i sometimes mix my lotion
i mix it with my moisturizer at night
i combine this with my oils
moisturize before applying makeup
also because it moisturizes my h
this is a salve, not a cream or lotion.
farmacy's honey skin repair salve really works!
sensitive skin laundry detergent
it is a honey based product
it is an ointment
that is the natural property of ointments
ointments are most potent
ointments are best to treat those conditions
if you don't like ointments
you should stick to creams
what the definition of a salve or ointment is
this salve has healing
moisturizing properties that has helped strengthen
this is great moisturizing product.
i've tried the heaviest of heavy facial moisturizing creams
hydrating products i've ever tried
i usually layer on moisturizer
the moisturizing power is so powerful
propolis really does work wonders at healing
benton has my holy grail aloe propolis gel that's perfect for the face
which is a nice exfoliating property within the product
still moisturizing enough for summer
at least as an all-over moisturizer
end up having to put regular moisturizer or serum on the more dry patches
moisturizer that works for me already
try mixing it with a tinted spf or bb cream for a light coverage day
this is a great brightening moisturizer
after applying my usual moisturizer to my face
i wouldn't use this product as a moisturizer all over the face
do not buy this as a moisturizer
i really like it as a strategically placed highlighter-moisturizer combo
i wear clinique powder foundation over it
some moisturizers make me crazy oily
i paired it with the bareminerals bb cream gel in vanilla 01
t was super moisturizing
i mix this with my nars tinted moisturizer
great for moisturizing skin
this moisturizer is different.
i used this alone as a moisturizer
used as a moisturizer/ primer
looked amazing but, not very moisturizing.
flakey skin i applied it on top of my daily cetaphil moisturizer
i applied concealer on top of this
is it a highlighter... a moisturizer... a primer?
if you don't want any hydration at all use it as a moisturizer
if you use it as a liquid highlighter
since stila discontinued their illuminating tinted moisturizer
shimmer then this is your lotion
i add this to my daily moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is very light weight
i love this moisturizer
like most moisturizers do
this highlighter moisturizer isn't great by itself
i used it today to moisturize
i wear matte foundation over it
it moisturizes my skin
so you could add another moisturizer or sunscreen underneath or on top
if you are at all interested in a moisturizing primer that will improve your skin tone
apply this in the morning after my serum
i love to use it as an everyday moisturizer under a bb cream
i love this moisturizer!
sun worshiper who rarely used sunscreen of any sort until the last 2-3 years
creating a primed surface for my concealer
i think it's super moisturizing
with any other eye creams i have tried
no bags or wrinkles
was using eye creams with retinol
i stopped wearing concealer
for someone who wears concealer everyday
prevents my concealer from creasing
it hydrates and brightens my skin.
i love eye creams
moisturizing to the point of feeling almost heavy
the cream is moisturizing without leaving my skin oily
this product is hydrating
it makes my under eyes moisturized for concealer
the product formula has a lotion/cream texture unlike most which is gel
with or without under eye concealer
is the perfect primer for any concealer
it also works great as a primer before putting on under eye concealer or eyeshadow
i really like how moisturizing it is.
i like this eye cream!
helps prevent my eye concealer from becoming cakey
which can be typical with retinol products
even when i use a brightening concealer
i notice it helps my concealer look better
i used it as a primer under additional concealer
i put it over the moisturizer
does an amazing job at moisturizing my skin after my drying acne cleansers
ive been using a glycolic moisturizer so layering 4 pumps of this on top really helps lessen the drying affect
i found this moisturizer to work well with my skin type
a good alternative to the amorepacific hydra gel moisturizer
the stress of finding my go to moisturizer is gone
tip: pair it with the black tea serum
i am in midst of trying samples of a number of new moisturizers
or even as a moisturizer in the morning
s for creams to help with my oily skin
night in conjunction with a few serums
i don't have wrinkles
this is an amazing moisturizer!
think i will alternate this with a heavier moisturizing cream for winter since my skin is dry
this serum has helped the bags under my eyes tremendously
i don't think it would be moisturizing enough on its own for my skin
pm with two other moisturizers
i used ester lauder perfectionist serum before this
it claims it is a moisturizer
needs a moisturizer on top of this
so when i tried this lightweight moisturizer
for my normal skin i wouldn't need an additional moisturizer
used it with the dermal quench liquid lift!
okay so kate breaks her hyaluronic acid down into 3 molecular sizes
i am using this as a substitution for my serum
doing the kate somerville age delay over as my moisturizer
this serum definitely evened out my skin tone
it also seems to help reduce redness from any hormonal acne that pops up for me
after i always apply a moisturizer
as the serums seeps into the skin
i didn't breakout after starting this serum
c serum i've tried and it works beautifully.
firm vitamin c serum is the best i’ve used
the actual formulation of the serum is secondary to that for you
i moisturize the stickiness disappears
this is a great serum!
who told you that vitamin c serums are supposed to smell like citrus?
as for the serum itself.
amazing serum, not goopy- fast absorbing.
i love this serum!
this serum changed my life!
until i found this serum
for the morning before your moisturizer
this serum is my new desert island product!
the base odor of the serum isn't that great
i think a vitamin c serum is an important step in skin care
i could bathe in this.
it's a wonderful priming moisturizer for dry/ combo skin
this primer has a great moisturizing effect before my makeup
i enjoy this product as it has a moisturizer included
it is very moisturizing
the priming moisturizer is the best
it's hydrating, non-oily, and smoothing.
concealer goes on nicely after applying this
i often only apply concealer
only sometimes wear concealer
this is my morning moisturizer.
it was very moisturizing
i love moisturizers that also work as primers.
i actually use this as a moisturizer after my toner
great moisturizer/ primer for the summer.
it's a great step before applying my daily sunscreen
so finding a moisturizer that hydrates
it goes on matte like a primer
it also feels very moisturizing on the skin.
because this one is a moisturizer/primer for whatever reason
the ultra repair cream intense hydration
this priming moisturizer is everything!!!!
this moisturizing primer has been the perfect combination
i wear this primer/moisturizer combo under a bb cream every single day
i don't agree with this being marketed as a "priming moisturizer" at all
i paired it with the fab hydrating serum
replacing my usual lotion
i love this moisturizer.
the only other ones i've used are the tarte rainforest spray
use a moisturizing primer all over my face
this is the best moisturizing primer i've found that best suits my skin
do not like silicone-based primers
this is great as a moisturizer/primer for dry skin
i take care of my skin
i love this primer.moisturizer.
i don't find this makes me oily given its moisturizing effect
just this with first aid moisturizer
i don't have acne prone skin
put the cleanser in that
as a bonus i can moisturize with the rose
s of remover wipes i've used
i don't like to wear waterproof mascara because of the difficulty
not with this remover
it helps with my acne issues.
this takes off my liquid lipsticks
it detoxified the majority of my acne
helps matte my face
i won't be repurchasing just because i prefer balm cleansers as my first cleanse
have been searching for an on the go facial cleanser for when i'm at school
it works as a cleanser
same size as a deluxe size clinique toner.
i usually purchase the rosemilk water cleanser that runs me a good $36 /8oz
struggles a bit with mascara
it's recommended as a travel cleanser
while i like the coconut product
i love the micellar milk the best!
charcoal ones are amazing for cleansing/acne prone skin
coconut are super hydrating
i used this to cleanse my skin after a workout with my clarisonic
the rose ultra moisturizing
i ordered the charcoal cleanser.
it has a great amount of exfoliation
i love this cleanser
i used the charcoal cleansing cream
this exfoliating cleanser cleared it up for the most part
this face wash is so cleansing
i love the fact that this is a cleansing cream because i find cleansing oils can get messy
this coconut cream cleanser soothed my skin
this is my favourite cleanser!
it is one of the best facial cleansers i have used
originally thought it was a facial moisturizer
this stuff worked as a moisturizer
the rose is the consistency of lotion
the green tea is gentle enough to use as an everyday exfoliant
i used the coconut water
i love this cleanser.
while also gently exfoliating
the charcoal is gentle exfoliation
i recommend these little cleansers.
this serum is life.
after years of trying different antibiotic topical gels/creams or pills in trying to fix my scarring
i combine this with it cc cream for my dull combination skin
i applied it as moisturizer
the product is not that moisturizing compared to the other moisturizers
am struggling with pigmentation from past acne
it is moisturizing enough for oily skin
i can use it with or without moisturizer
the bright side is this is moisturizing at some level
it's the consistency of a lotion
i explained the free facial
who is an allergy doctor
this product calmed my acne
either a product or the start of allergy season
perfect for post-deep cleanse or exfoliation.
i always use a sulfur mask to kill the bacteria
i tried a new serum that made my face hot
i took the serum back to sephora
by the way it was the drunk elephant night serum that i was allergic to
origins moisturizing / calm mask
redness due to hormones/stress
irritated since trying a new serum last night
i love that one of the ingredients is jojoba oil.
it soothes and hydrates the skin!
i actually have to use less concealer
this is so moisturizing
i usually used serum underneath
i've tried 2 different moisturizers before i was given 2 samples of this cream
this is one of the best hydrating face creams i've tried
this moisturizer is lightweight
balanced after using any clarins moisturizer
i prefer to use this as just a day moisturizer because it is more of a lightweight moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
instantly hydrates my skin
this serum is hydrating and very liquid.
i used it as the toner before other serum/lotion
this is an expensive product for 1 oz of toner with sixty dollars offer
i will partner this with the daytime clarins cream-gel from the same hydration line as serum moisturizers below the skin whereas a moisturizer will get the top layers
i really like this serum.
however when i added this serum
the cream moisturizer that goes with it
i follow it with clinique acne solutions bb cream which is very thin
in the winter i layered this on top of my moisturizer
i add a little sunscreen to this in the morning
make my own tinted moisturizer
previously i used the 24 hr rose moisturizer
it is an amazing moisturizer
sometimes after using my normal daily light serum
rather i use this as my daily moisturizer
it's lightweight and super absorbent.
it is light weight, but moisturizing.
my skin is softer when i cleanse my makeup off at night
this stuff is the perfect daytime moisturizer
the best moisturizing primer i have ever found.
is way more moisturizing that the too faced hangover primer
this is so much more moisturizing
it moisturizes my skin and preps it for makeup.
a moisturizer and primer in one!
amazing under makeup or as a hydrating serum!
this moisturizer gets a st
tried the coconut smoothie from fab
occasional lancer skin exfoliate/cleanser
i've tried other drug store moisturizers
i went from exfoliating my face three times a week
when a moisturizer is so light
i actually love that in a moisturizer
hyaluronic acid is a must-have part of my anti-aging regimen
so moisturizers are not a daily part of my routine
this moisturizer is so light.
if you're considering a gel like moisturizer
i find that if i use this moisturizer
i can buy a tub of cerave hyluronic acid moisturizer three times the product
plus the hyaluronic acid helped my skin look amazing
moisturizing my face without clogging my pores
my skin always likes products with hyaluronic acid
i did apply my night cream/day uv lotion over it.
it is very moisturizing
always use creams with caution if your skin is acne prone
i usually use a serum first
this moisturizer is the truth.
it is a moisturizer designed to deeply moisturize with its triple hyalurnonic acid formula
although i am allergic to hyalurnonic acid
it did provide intense moisturization.
the serum the water drench serum that goes with it during a time that my skin was super dry
the water drench serum if your suffering from dry skin
i began my search for a good moisturizer.
super moisturizing with a serum based texture!
this cream made my skin look
i've never used a moisturizer like this.
yet it hydrates all day.
gel moisturizers are kind of a thing now
i love this moisturizer!
it is so moisturizing
this moisturizing doesn't cause me any problems
the full size of ptr water drench hyaluronic cloud cream is in my basket to purchase
most moisturizers are too emollient for me to use during the day
layered over my serum
my skin is combo
i hate moisturizers that leave an oily film or stickiness on my skin
i tend to have acne prone skin
this moisturizer is amazing.
this feels more like a moisturizer
i would compare it to youth to the people hyaluronic spinach
i've also experienced less breakouts with this moisturizer
i love philosophy's hope moisturizer
it is super hydrating.
i'd actually compare this to a tinted moisturizer or bb cream with something extra
i don't generally wear foundation or tinted moisturizers
don't have to use bronzer
have always worn sunscreen religiously
've been putting a moisturizer
blurs all my imperfections like an instagram filter all while hydrating
most sunscreens do not have a 45 spf
it was also moisturizing
usually i use only tinted moisturizer like natura bisse sheer cream or armani crema nuda
normally i avoid products with sunscreen as it makes my skin burn
$70 is high for a moisturizer
beside the price being high this is a really great detox overnight moisturizer
my spa that i get facial at monthly due to adult acne suggested this to me as my skin gets real dry at night as i use retina 3x's a week
i don't know if its the antioxidants in it or what
it would make an excellent moisturizer for day when paired with vitamin e serum as both complement one another
other night time moisturizers
have tried just about every mattifying moisturizer
tried all these matte primers before applying my makeup
effective product for mattifying the skin
i love liquid foundation
i've even tried the crazy stuff like milk of magnesia
my face gets so oily it looks wet a hour after washing/moisturizing
i also will get dry flaky patches due to a prescription acne topical i use
papers, primers, powders, setting sprays, etc.
i used this today as a primer under my moisturizer which had light hydration
i feel like if you use a mattifying moisturizer
i tried their concealer years ago
the acne medicated face wash
when you apply the matte
powders can cause color change
powder before i found this product
struggle with combo skin that is rosacea-prone
the serum that goes with this line
anywhere you need a moisturizing boost
before applying a tinted lotion for my daily make up
i take medical oral acne medicine that dries me out a lot
i've tried multiple over this moisturizer
this product was perfect for hydrating my face after a daily morning cleanse without clogging my pores
clinique’s moisturizer makes a great primer under makeup
the product was a great day moisturizer that even had spf
i wanted a moisturizer with spf
it does have a strong sunscreen smell
i love this moisturizer!
so rare to find a hydrating moisturizer with spf
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer completely nails it
my new everyday moisturizer!
the sunscreen is nice due to my sun allergy
a splash was perfect for more exfoliation
it also helps that you decide the density of the exfoliation
this cleansing powder truly changed my skin
i used some exfoliator before
've tried a ton of exfoliators
every 2nd or 3rd day since it is an exfoliant so you don't want to strip you oil in your face
argan milk as well as the de glycolic night serum
i've mixed it with water and a cleanser.
my favourite way to use this product is using more powder than water so that i can create a exfoliating consistency
on the days i use it i don't use a facial cream.
if "cocoa moisture mask" works for me
at night followed by a serum
moisturizers to combat my dry skin
it's also very moisturizing
super acne prone skin
though i do notice amplified results when paired with de glycolic night serum
accompanied with some hormonal breakouts
apply drunk elephant's virgin marula luxury facial oil
i happen to be a big fan of glycolic acid/lactic acid facial treatments
i am in love -especially with this treatment facial
minimizes areas of hyperpigmentation over time with its gentle exfoliation
it is a peel treatment so
when i started using a retinoid
of course things like moisturizing are very important to treat keratosis pilaris
it helps with acne
i've tried so many potions
bring a radiance to my face that even the most expensive spa facial has been unable to achieve
glycolic acid peels done before
this is my favorite exfoliating mask!
use my tlc framboos glycolic night serum for nightly maintenance
i follow up with a tiny bit of the virgin marula luxury facial oil as suggested on the packaging
even though the glycolic acid in it stings my skin
i also use the drunk elephant b-hydra intensive hydration gel
treatment under the sun
i get semi-regular facials
it is supposed to tingle since it has a very strong concentration of alpha hydroxy acids
this is like a booster of the night serum.
i love this facial
a little background: i suffer from hormonal acne
applying the marula oil my skin looked amazing
i went into sephora to get a few samples of daily use glycolic products hoping they would help with acne
i love this product so much that i stopped using my prescription tretinoin gel to treat my adult acne
baby facial does such an amazing job at treating my skin issues without the harsh ingredients
retinol was working ok for me
now i'm using this facial once a week without the retinol
this is an excellent chemical exfoliator for sensitive skin types
i didn't exfoliate for 3 days before i used this
i "prepped" my skin by not using acids
it stubg more than the regular acid toner
let it stay for the prescribed 20 minutes before rinsing
breaking down collagen production
the 25% alpha hydroxy acids in this facial is such a rarity in its own
i apply the hydra gel
i put on moisturizer
it takes a few days for your skin to do a cell-turnover just like a spa treatment
it does deep clean with the alpha hydroxy acids
i didn't use any serums or moisturizers after the mask because i wanted to see the product work alone
i usually wear light coverage foundations or bb/cc creams during the day
i definitely recommend a weekly physical exfoliant
a nightly dose of rose hip oil on your face
baby facial is so amazing
i love this moisturizer.
gel in one scoop
rather have the extra moisturizing cream
mixing a cream and gel is an interesting concept.
this moisturizer wears well under my makeup
cream in one use
this cream cured them
super moisturizing but light at the same time.
i love this moisturizer
this moisturizer does amazing under makeup
i also used medicine prescribed by my dermatologist
very moisturizing absorbed quickly not greasy at all
the blend of the tsubaki cream with the hyaluronic acid
this hydrates all day
i love this cream gel!!
i should say that i use a few hydrating serums in my routine as well- including ptr hyaluronic cloud serum
i love this moisturizer.
gel not enough moisturizing
light on the skin like gel
i still use a serum underneath
i love this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
have used shiseido ibuki moisturizer for years
gift set of all the other josie maran variations of argan oil
my skin was wrinkle free
you probably may not appreciate the anti-aging/moisturizing effects of this oil
the cream part seals in the gel
sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin.
i've tried many other moisturizers on the market
note: i haven't tried the regular argan oil
i got a sample of this argan reserve when i ordered josie's exfoliating powder
so this is almost like aromatherapy for me :
i've used other josie maran oils
it's a thicker consistency than her other argan oils
being difficult to apply: either apply immediately after toner-while the skin is still damp- or apply a light mist of evian or other water spray
i can use this in the winter without a moisturizer
with just nutrient rich argan oil i can justify the price tag of i don't have to purchase both moisturizer
the mix of the milk
the oil has a very botanical/essential oil type scent which i didn't find bad at all
argan milk this = magic :
tarte with marula oil which is close to argan oil
decided to try argan reserve
just tried argan reserve
which i believe is due to vitamin c
that shows me that the product actually has a good percentage of vitamin c since my skin is accustomed to such treatments over the years
many vitamin c products fail to work for me
i rarely repurchase moisturizer
it moisturizing/smooths out blemishes.
moisturizing, plumping, smells good.
gives me more moisture than a gel or aqua gel moisturizer
obviously i should have been using a vitamin c a long time ago because my skin loves the vitamin c
sensitive skin prone to hormonal acne
non-greasy this cream is
i love the vitamin c in this as i'm fair skin
that's what i like in a moisturizer
super hydrating moisturizer that i prefer to use at night or when i am not out
i usually have success with ptr's glycolic acid moisturizer
the texture is a mixture of a gel
it is incredibly moisturizing
super moisturizing is exactly what i need
i wash my face with a glycolic cleanser
it's moisturizing but isn't heavy at all.
i got a sample of this because i know that vitamin c
this is replacing other moisturizers
it also layers well underneath my sunscreen
true clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel
it is a heavy moisturizer
heavy cream moisturizer that means business
i would say this is a medium weight moisturizer.
this moisturizer is amazing!
i found this to be more moisturizing than any night creams i've used yet it's definitely light enough to use during the day
've been skipping my very expensive ole henriksen vitamin c serum
i tend to moisturizer morning
three drops of farsali rose gold elixir in the morning
wrinkles along with dark spots even though i use a sunscreen daily year round
only use a tinted moisturizer
i applied the moisturizer as a night time cream
i try lot of moistures/serums every month fromdifferent br
i'd been using a drugstore moisturizer with spf for years
i decided to try the ceo moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
i always use moisturizer that has vitamin c as major ingredient
because this little boy get so much vitamin c extracted from different sources
they have to smell somewhat vitamin c
i just started using this product in combination with a olehenriksen vitamin c truth serum i got at sephora as well
in the morning i use the serum first
then this moisturizer after washing my face with a mild soap
this moisturizer applies easily
as does the serum
rosacea medications at night my skin is not nearly as dry
the moisturizer does rub in easily.
i am always hesitant to try out vitamin c
i love the idea of what vitamin c does
this cream is incredibly moisturizing
i then layer another moisturizer over it
i needed a new moisturizer
while using this cream
very moisturizing...love the smell!!
i love this moisturizer
just added this moisturizer to my nighttime routine
i've never been able to use anything with vitamin c
pros: very moisturizing and great smell.
in the am i cleanse with micellar water then apply ceo wait 5min then fab 5 in 1 daily lotion
at night i double cleanse first with josie maran cleansing oil then fresh soy cleanser i follow that with rose witch hazel then luna oil wait 5min then good genes i top with skyn icel
oxygen infused night cream as well as their eye cream
this manages to give me my vitamin c without drying me out
use it as a night time moisturizer over luna.
is the best facial cream i have used
i appreciate the moisturizing properties living in dry colorado in the winter
don't work well with vitamin c
at night i love a rich moisturizer
this moisturizer solves my problem.
this stuff is very moisturizing
so when i saw a sulfate
omly bought the rose toner
i only need to use a small amount to moisturize my face
obsessed with this moisturizer!
unless they make this into a gel coconut cleanser formulation i would definitely repurchase
i love to use this after using my eye makeup remover
impurities from my skin
this isn't my go-to facial cleansing oil
i love this cleanser!
leaving the residue on may be fine as it is quite moisturizing
7 oz in my may playbox
i've tried numerous oil cleansers to remove makeup
now my holy grail cleanser!
i've tried about 6 or 7 different cleansers
hormonal acne on my chin
decided to use it as my travel cleanser
the product is watery like a serum
the name makes me think of harsh detergents
i love this cleanser.
an excellent daily cleanser with a light herbal scent
is super moisturizing without leaving a greasy feel
i found this also works very well for removing deodorant from your armpits which can sometimes be/feel water-proof
it is a hydrating face wash however i never used a more hydrating one like this one
all i need from a cleanser
foaming cleansers tend to make this worse
i love this cleanser!!
it locks in the moisturizer to my skin overnight.
this cleanser is for you
from the scent to the foam to the overall texture of the cleanser
i usually avoid gel cleansers like the plague
it smells like laundry soap
it doesn't foam as much as cleansers that have sulphates
basic cleanser for evening after removing my makeup
i wouldn't say this cleanser hydrates my skin
the fresh soy cleanser
i usually lean towards a foaming cleanser
it is very moisturizing
the only cleanser that removes all of my makeup
the hydrating sheet mask
sometimes i need more of a hydrating cleanser
this is a great gel cleanser for people who want their skin to be extra clean when doing serums
i've tried so many gel-cream moisturizers
i came upon this product after a facial at skin laundry
i love this cleanser.
hormonal acne on my chin
i love this moisturizer during winter
neither is laser treatments
i've spent quite a bit on serums
in the morning i use an exfoliating face wash then use the la mer gel cream
as someone with celiac disease
i apply it after the treatment lotion
trick to applying this creme
dry skin on my face due to a thyroid condition
sometimes at night on top of a serum
i find that it layers well under other moisturizers or sunscreens or on top of treatments
somehow works moisturizing miracles
i didn't believe that an eye serum would reduce the puffiness under
i try to use it in the evenings every other night with additional argan oil to moisturise
pure vitamin e oil were the only things that really helped my dryness
sounds to me like basic humectants
the original is more emollient which i need when i pull out the big guns like laser treatments
some say it is the smell of the fermented seaweed
i applied the cream
had been using first aid serum for anti-redness
s of dollars on moisturizers
no regular creams would help.
i tried all the ultra night creams
this helped healing my acne
i credit it to this cream
i tried botox a few years ago and it didn't work.
the best hydrating ingredient since the stone age
i've tried the spectrum of moisturizers
this cream is life
my skin is moisturizer
will probably switch to it when my moisturizing cream is gone
this moisturizer calms my skin
the face wash is also a staple to my skin care regimen
even with using a knockoff of the miracle broth in my serum
this cream not only hydrates my skin
i must say this is one of the best moisturizers for dry aging skin
t is tough to find a product that is moisturizing without breaking me out
combo skin with hormonal acne
it seems to not set in as much when i use my glycolic serum
my face would have allergy reaction
gel cream in the summer
algenist purify face wash my face looks
provides ample hydration with a light botanical fragrance of eucalyptus
but i love how moisturizing it is.
the nourishing oil from la mer
i also use the la mer treatment lotion which is sort of like an essence/toner afterward
in the morning on days when i'm not exfoliating
most moisturizing products leave my skin oily
using the pairing toner
i go in with this lotion to replenish the moisture to my skin
the treatment lotion lasts so long time.
it's very good for preparing skin before applying the serum
la mer treatment lotion is one of my very favorite skin care products
i don't know if "serum" is the right word for it.
this serum is perfect for all skin types.
using the serum hydrated my dry skin
in combination with bareminerals skinlongevity eye gel cream
this is the perfect light summer moisturizer for my oily/combination skin
you can't use this without a moisturizing toner or serum underneath
an amazing sealant at night or under makeup/sunscreen
this is an amazing day serum.
this serum is a game changer
boosted the efficacy of my eye cream
it's a thin consistency because it's an eye serum
it will also give some antioxidant protection
this should be paired with a hydrating / anti-aging eye cream
just the same as you would wear a facial serum underneath your moisturizer
magic potion out there
as soon as i got the serum
once i finish my current serum
i plan to purchase this serum instead
i really liked this serum.
i will say that it was not super moisturizing for the more dry spots i had on my face
it works wonderfully as a night serum.
i started rotating nights with this serum
wrinkles to lessen- this is the one beauty product you need to splurge on
than it did after using tatcha oil cleanser
this concealer is by far the best concealer in terms of coverage
i got a lot of acnes with other concealers
started using it as a concealer
this was labeled as a moisturizer.
it says sunscreen on the bottle.
it's not as moisturizing as oppose to a regular moisturizer
plus it has spf.
it's super moisturizing and it has spf23 <3.
absolutely obssessed with this serum.
silicone feel of most pore filling primers
this serum is so light weight
when i used the smoother serum before applying make-up
this smoother serum helps my skin look flawless
i know it's marketed as a serum
concealer application went on smoother
i used it after moisturizing
if you use setting sprays
n love with this new ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
you put this on over your moisturizer
used this on my bare skin and over my concealer.
the serum is lightweight for my oily skin
light with a serum like texture
this serum is great for reducing your pores
i applied it after my face moisturizer
this is the first time a serum-type product
i would recommend trying this serum if you're looking to improve texture
this serum is something i have never tried before
although this is a serum
always look for help from smoothing serum products
this serum makes all photos look even better
i really like this serum!!
not only is it noncomedogenic
when i wear this serum with my nars smooth
you can also use this serum ontop of your makeup for touch ups
overall i give this serum two thumbs up
this is a very nice primer serum.
the absorbency is quick
the serum is very light weight
first of, i love the applicator.
i normally just dab some concealer
with this serum, a little goes a long way.
this serum is really good for blurring imperfections
i apply the serum as the last step of my skin care routine
i would definitely purchase this serum again :)
i received the smart filtering smoother serum complimentary through influenster
i tried this velvety serum before applying my makeup
it's like it was a vitamin for skin.
this is a serum with a built in primer
you can use this daily as a serum
this serum smoothes out all my fine lines
it feels more like a moisturizer.
i like to think of it as a liquid mattifying powder
i received the ibuki smart filtering smoother serum complimentary of shiseido
as i have combination-dry skin i found that if my skin was on the dryer side this mattifying serum made my skin feel tighter
it's not a hydrating product
it doesn't have a silicone texture
the serum feels amazing on the skin
it is a liquid cream applied before the primer
this serum fills in all my pores
i would highly recommend this serum!
all i need is a light tinted moisturizer
this is like no other serum or moisturizer that i have ever used
i can't believe how hydrating it is.
i love the way the serum is pressed
i rotate this with my drunk elephant night serum
thanks to power recharging night pressed serum
make it my new go to serum forever
this pressed serum is unlike anything i've used.
serums tend to make me break out
when i put algenist's power wrinkle fighter moisturizer on
i love this product i used it at night with a moisturizer
i apply this serum to my face
this pressed serum completely hydrates it without irritating it at all
i just received algenist power serum yesterday
i go in with a toner afterwards
this is the mother of all oil cleansers.
this is truly hypoallergenic
end with biossance squalene + rose oil
this cleanser is the only cleanser i've applied that gets all the makeup
it has helped heal my acne
i love the caudalie cleansing oil
i usually hate cleansing oils
i love cleansing oils.
baam.....this oil is also an antioxidant too.
unlike something like the clinique cleansing balm
i've tried tons of cleaning oils
definitely recommend just wetting your h
using anti-acne soaps would just dry out my skin
this cleanser is such a rockstar at removing longwear makeup
dryness thanks to the topicals i use for the breakouts
i hope the add an exfoliate to their line!!
my skin just drink up this kind of gel moisturizer
this is a great idea, a probiotic moisturizer.
squalane is a moisturizing ingredient that i want to have on my skin
$52 isn't so bad compared to other $100 gel moisturizers
redness from dealing with acne
my skin concern is acne
after using this moisturizer my redness
i find most moisturizers leave my skin oily
hyperpigmentation from mild acne scarring
gel-like lightweight texture
the eye serum i was using they stopped making
i pat this on in the morning after my shiseido pureness softener
love this eye gel!
now i can apply my concealer
not hydration or moisturizing
it performs excellent under makeup/concealer.
it helps with puffiness
i've used other eye gels/creams that irritate my eyes
moisturizes for what i need
i am allergic to many skin care products.
use it with eye moisturizer at night
with the exception of that i could wear under eye concealer
i love this lightweight yet moisturizing gel that absorbs quickly
that's due to melanin production rather than lymphatic drainage
vitamin c is a better bet for pigmentation problems
wears well under concealer
s on all kinds of eye creams
pm for the added moisturizing
i put it on before my moisturizer
ready to put concealer on my puffiness is gone
sold soooooo many eye creams
it's like a hydrating wrinkle eraser.
the 100% squalane oil is the only moisturizer i'll put on my face because it feels light
can wear it to my yoga scent-free classes
the peptide eye gel reduced my dark circles in just days
my other eye creams are good at reducing puffiness
i've tried lots of eye creams that all promise amazing results
not the case with this peptide eye gel
was intrigued by the vitamin c
in conjunction with a good serum
it is fragranced because of the rose oil
took me ages to find a non-comedogenic vitamin c oil
it's light yet moisturizing.
i love rose oils
certain vitamin c products work well for me
i love this and biossance's squalane oil.
the vitamin c has helped to fade my dark spots
i started using their probiotic moisturizer
the moisturizing i receive from this oil without the heaviness
i love using this under my acne treatments
vitamin c is definitely a trend i'm seeing recommended
rub it all in with my serum
i read the ingredient and saw thd ascorbate.
effective vitamin c derivative that i absolutely love because it brightens
i decided to try this out since i've recently become a huge fan of biossance's new probiotic gel moisturizer
gel cream every other evening
i trust the ingredients
treatments my derm prescribed me to fight my hormonal acne
i decided to use this under my prescribed moisturizer
evening in conjunction with my moisturizer
like parabens or sulfates
i received the squalane + vitamin c rose oil as a sample
ever since i have used this facial moisturizer i have gotten multiple compliments on my radiant
facial moisturizers are hard to come by since every skin type is different
this moisturizer absrobs in my skin fast
it's a good base for tinted moisturizers in the morning
i layer it over my moisturizer in the winter months
i usually don't like my facial products scented
can moisturize on the go
i got a sunburn earlier this summer
i decided that this is just not working out as a facial moisturizer for me
unscented oil that i've been using head to toe
more than most moisturizers
it works well to moisturize it
about $17 for 1oz comparing to some other oils that i have tried from tarte or josie maran
i apply it at night after treatment products to prevent dryness
doesn't interfere with retinol or acids
i've used several daily moisturizers
younger looking skin using biossance squalane oil
it's a great moisturize/carrier oil
mix it with my lotion
lately i exfoliate using a pumice
the one with vitamin c
vitamin c cream was the only thing actually helping
which i got by using clearasil acne spot treatment
it has the ingredients i want in an eye cream
this moisturizer/anti-aging treatment was super effective
vitamin c serums during the day
put this serum on
apply benzyol peroxide to any breakouts if needed
then moisturize my face with marula oil
the best glycolic acid product i have ever purchased
the serum is gentle
at night, i use a product with lactic acid.
most glycolic acid/exfoliating serums are much more expensive
it's moisturizing enough to get away with using it alone
i used this in conjunction with the herbivore blue tansy mask
make sure to use a high spf moisturizer with this
my makeup would also pill over it
versus the extreme dullness or oiliness of other sunscreens
cruelty-free moisturizer with spf
i love how lightweight this moisturizer is!
this is a great sunscreen/moisturizer.
this sunscreen is not thick or heavy
this is the first year i didn't come home with ski goggle tan lines
i love that it has arnica
this moisturizer is light
i mix it with the drunk elephant sunscreen
mix it with this moisturizer
the creamy hydrating cleanser
its hydrated i also use a toner after cleaning my face
deliberating between multiple cleansers
it had a lot less ingredients in comparison to other cleansers suited for oily/acne-prone skin
this serum is so moisturizing
it's perfect for using as first serum in winter or use by itself in summer
the anti aging serums from la mer are good at anti aging
it doesn't feel as hydrating as this serum
this is one of my pricier daily indulgences
a must buy for daily moisturizer seekers
i used this moisturizer in one of the sephora beauty classes
i love gel-like moisturizers more than the lotion-like ones
moisturizers that are either greasy
sometimes as my day moisturizer
moisturizing products on the market
the texture is nicer than any other moisturizer i've tried
low for a good moisturizing that wasn't gross
hydrates more than runnier eye creams
while i use skin products religiously
i am a firm believer in probiotics for the face
the active ingredients of palmitoyl pentapeptide-4
i liked this cleanser
decided to splurge on an eye cream
the moisturizing component alone makes it valuable to almost anyone
it does moisturize significantly
i found my concealer wouldn't crease after using this
it is a yogurt like consistency
i wish this product has different preservative system
i love how it the cream is very moisturizing
unlike some other eye creams that i've used
don't wear enough sunscreen
power eye cream a try.
other eye creams/serums have given me tiny bumps or breakouts
my skin in combination
i wear contact lenses
$135 is a steep price for me to pay for a facial cream
the cream has a light fragrance
it is super hydrating
creamy unlike other creams i have tried
i always do wake up with oil the next day without me even moisturizing
i also use the toner
moisturizer from this br
i moisturize with my clinique dramatically different gel after
i've paired this with ole's mattifying moisturizer
this cleanser is everything and more!
this cleanser smells like spearmint
the acids in this cleanser do both of these things
i love cleansers that foam up good
i feel like i have tried every oil control/acne cleanser on the market
all the find your balance products have a peppermint fragrance
it does not control my hormonal breakouts
i also switched to the it cosmetics cc cream in lieu of using any foundation or makeup
right before the moisturizer
seems to activate the hyalauronic acid moisturizing
hormonal breakouts...you name it.
which i 10/10 recommend you do if you develop a severe skin allergy
i started to use this cleanser to help exfoliate my dry skin
i 10/10 recommend this cleanser for you
combined with the toner
cheek area which is hormonal
this cleanser with the exfoliator
moisturizer works so well
this will now be my holy grail cleanser!
this is a perfect balancing cleanser.
lactic acid gently exfoliate
the sheer transformation moisturizer
paired with the toner
would recommend an oil cleanser before using this to take off eye makeup
i can have a matte face all day when i use this oil control cleanser
i loved this face cleanser!
i received this cleanser
glowy when i use it with the toner
layered with the matching toner
so this cleanser to me was like any other cleanser
this oil control cleanser is amazing!
this cleanser definitely soaked up any excess oils
i love using an exfoliator with it
this cleanser was smooth
this cleanser is a basic foaming cleanser that everyone needs in their routine
it's also a thicker cleanser
peppermint which i actually enjoy
this cleanser perks me up
used with the toner
i've tried a number of facial cleansers targeted at oily
the cleanser foams up easily
i love this cleanser!
it contains glycolic and lactic acids.
this cleanser is perfect for combination skin!
i do pair it with the moisturizer
toner plus the grease relief facial water
i do use another cleanser to help control my crazy acne
i love to use this cleanser in the morning.
i love this cleanser.
i would definitely recommended this product to anyone with oily/combination/acne prone skin
i started using toner
this cleaners in combination with the toner
i've never tried a cleanser with such a cooling minty sensation
{note- i have combination/acne prone skin
the facial cleanser has a very refreshing
this cleanser is light
i received this cleanser for free to try
i love this cleanser
loved the herbal smell
soft lather on this cleanser
it doesn't do much exfoliating
have to use another cleanser for that
i love this moisturizer for my combination acne prone skin
i mix this with my murad mattifying moisturizer because it has spf in it
or super tight skin feeling other matte moisturizers do
the ahas exfoliate my skin.
this is my new holy grail moisturizer!
the hydrator is super light-weight
i love this as a moisturizer.
the hydrator is just that
this is the best moisturizer for oily skin.
my skin is combination
great lightweight moisturizer for oily skin!
acne prone skin for years
can't tell if it is an intensive hydrating product
i also switched to the it cosmetics cc cream in lieu of using any foundation or makeup
right before the moisturizer
seems to activate the hyalauronic acid moisturizing
toner to review as a complimentary
i love to use it instead of moisturizer under makeup
i find this works best when used with the olehenriksen pore balance facial sauna scrub first
use a water-based moisturizer on the bottom half of my face
i finish with a spritz of rosewater.
this moisturizer is definitely mattifying
all moisturizers to keep oil production at bay
i can layer a primer/sunscreen on top
i got this in the gift set with the toner
i know one can easily add on an spf sunscreen on top
moisturizing is my favorite
toner make my skin feel dry moisturizing revives it
the right moisturizer will
this is my holy grail moisturizer
i start with the purity face wash
then follow with my witch hazel toner
also hydrate my face
toner from this line
it moisturizers the skin well.
it isn't the most "moisturizing"
this moisturizer did not meet my needs for a night time moisturizer
i love how hydrating this product is for my skin
the skin soaks up all the ingredients
maybe something more moisturizing for night time use
this moisturizing product is ideal for oily skin
without being charged with cream like the rest of the products moisturizing
this moisturizer has helped keep my oil at bay
moisturizing really makes all of the difference!
love the feel of this serum
i used this with the cleanser
this is a great lightweight moisturizer!
another creme/lotion i use
water based moisturizers are
very moisturizing without being greasy.
the lotion feels refreshing
it instantly refreshes while moisturizing the skin
perfect for my combination acne prone skin!
my regular moisturizer on my cheeks
note that it does contain silicones in it
the toner was basic to me but did the job.
this did a fantastic job of moisturizing my skin
it contains rosehip extract
i love this oil control hydrator!
the importance of hydrating the skin
what i love about this product is that it’s a lotion
this moisturizer locks everything in
some people don’t like using products that contain silicone as an ingredient
oils in your pores
this moisturizer is the perfect medium
i'll add on an extra serum or cream for extra hydration
i absolutely love the powdered cleanser
i mix two drops into my moisturizer am
the fresh pressed line contains vitamin c in a form that maintains its potency
i don't mix this in with my moisturizer
then i follow up with my toner
even better clinical serum
the vit c packet cleansers
i love this little serum
low for a decent vitamin c face product
i wouldn't say it is moisturizing as much as it's a serum to use under a moisturizer
which have been an issue with other vitamin c products that i've tried
i've tried a lot of vitamin c products
i just started using this serum for my combination
it's the perfect amount of retinol!
this is my first retinol product
i'd never tried a retinol serum before
no extra fragrance or other irritating ingredients
very good for moisturizing
ing as a primer under eyes for cc or concealer
works very well under concealer
i am inlove with this eye cream.
i really want to try their serum
i love that this is a powerful mixture of superfood ingredients plus tripeptides
the effect on the skin is that of a crème
i like a lightweight cream in the morning that i can layer under my sunscreen
although it is the texture of a lotion
i found it to be incredibly moisturizing
its great after a toner
i've tried sooooooo many tinted moisturizers
this product has exceeded my expectations for a breathable moisturizing tint
it feels like a true moisturizer when its applied
love that it moisturizes
the coverage of this cream
it looks natural and it's moisturizing.
i've tried so many different tinted moisturizers
applied it with a beauty blender
i am an avid user of laura mercier tinted moisturizer
lightweight tinted moisturizer with sunscreen for every day use
it feels like a moisturizer
it goes on like a moisturizer
this is great because it's deeply moisturizing
this is one of the only moisturizers i've used that calms redness
i love the moisturizing gel cream.
the moisturizing gel is hydrating
i love this gel.
does the job moisturizing my really dry
consider this gel cream as an "apology" to my skin
if i layer this on at night before retinol
usually when i use a moisturizer
drunk elephants tlc framboos serum
perfect for use after shaving!
for someone who is on isotretinoin
every time i order a glass of wine or a margarita
it go well with any moisturizer.
i also purchased the regenerating serum
after about 3 months of using both i would not repurchase the regenerating serum
the hydration is perfection
i did the laser treatment.
this serum is great for firming and tightening.
the silver applicator w
then apply the serum in four spots.
very moisturizing but not at all sticky.
reduces my need for under eye concealer
lm does have a foaming cleanser
if i'm removing makeup i do use the la mer cleansing oil first then this gel
instead of applying all the toners
a serum is just something i don't use
using the serum for just over 2 weeks
i like this serum formula more than any expensive eye cream i use
like with my eye creams
then save my creams for before bed treatments
serums are wonderful at increasing the effectiveness of moisturizers
this is a great price for a fine serum.
i love this serum!
this serum is so nice.
a gentle form of vitamin c
a great antioxidant serum that sinks in quickly with no stickiness
it's safe to say this is a new antioxidant serum for me
i added this serum
it is more moisturizing
i think truth serum may brighten more
doesn't irritate my sensitive skin or cause it to break out like caudalie's radiance serum did
i preferred this to the caudalie radiance serum
i did find this serum moisturizing
next time i'd want to try a more vitamin-c based serum to compare
mild rosacea-having skin
moisturizing without making my skin oily
continue to use my retinol at night
this serum is amazing
this serum helped out my skin a lot!
so, i love the actual serum.
i just put on a bit more serum
it's just the scent of the actual grape seed extracts
i would say this serum is more for wrinkle prevention in early 30s
i am generally sensitive to vitamin c
this serum is great for balancing oil
i am using this serum for preventive purposes
love this serum so much.
i've only been using this serum for a week or so.
serum is a light texture.
this serum is so light weight with out that sticky texture
this serum is suitable for all skin types
also antioxidant protection from the environment
i put on concealer
i've tried tons of eye creams
super hydrating, light weight, quick absorption.
texture would make the concealer look cakey
i've tried a ton of eye creams
have tried numerous eye creams with hyaluronic acid
i really like this elixir
it feels very moisturizing
i apply 2 drops under my am moisturizer
2 under my pm moisturizer after cleansing my face
i apply 2-3 drops of this elixir right after or before applying makeup
is a great primer on your lips prior to applying "matte" liquid lipsticks
no break outs, just good moisturizing.
it is very moisturizing but very oily!
night as my moisturizer
i mix it with my concealer to get more life out of it
use this as a daily moisturizer
i don't wear foundation or powder
there are more therapeutic oils for that like herbivore orchid oil
it's a must have for my lips before i apply my matte lipsticks
this isn't drugstore quality product.
it is in my daily facial routine
this serum is like no other.
this product officially converted me to facial oils as a moisturizer
use a primer to prevent smudging or invest in waterproof mascara
the ingredients are essential oils.
not like chemical fragrance
i've saved so many mascaras
it's the best for a lip primer for all of my matte lipsticks
the oil was very moisturizing
not help with moisturizing my skin
figured i'd use it in place of my normal argan oil daily routine to moisturize
2 in morning with my favourite serum
rose deep hydration face serum
been through several tubes of $$$ prescription meds
i tried countless moisturizers
this elixir is a wonderful blending agent
bare-minerals original formula powder
i used this as a serum
night as skin care
i applied a drop to my lips before my matte lipsticks
drunk elephant vitamin c day serum followed by their whipped moisturizer
i love to go all out concealer bake contour high light
this is the first thing i apply to my face before moisturizers
this serum is marketed as a multi-use serum
as far as use for an eyeshadow primer
i do love this serum
use the rose elixir as a moisturizer
usually i use the first aid beauty face cleanser followed by the ole henriksen sheer transformation moisturizer
antioxidants for your skin
f i have a sort of drying concealer
i add this product to a beauty blender
use it as a primer as well as a serum.
use it as moisturizer and serum and primer.
i used it before my moisturizer
i still like to use light moisturizers in the summer
use this as a primer because of the glycerin
it's use is similar to the nivea men's aftershave
i would still use moisturizer though.
they advise you to use is before your moisturizer
this serum is magic.
use my hydrating toner
have acne prone skin
if used with a good moisturizer
and it's filled with vitamins and antioxidants.
i love this serum.
keep in mind that it is a serum
it's not a magical moisturizing thing
silicone primers break me out like crazy
i've tried different face oils like argan oil
i really like this serum/primer hybrid liquid.
i do use this with a moisturizing
i don't use it as a toner though.
i really prefer it as a serum
i would love if they made a moisturizer with this scent
perfect as a serum and a primer.
the rose gold elixir
i even returned my la mer moisturizer because the rose gold elixir is so hydrating
please add the night-time moisturizer to your stock
the serum has really helped with redness
kind of helped with acne
good to use as a serum
using this along with the rose gold elixir as the last step for am routine before applying sunscreen
i just put concealer
after washing/moisturizing before i go to bed
using as a primer and a serum at night.
love using this cleanser.
i don't typically splurge on cleansers
i usually use clinique's balm
i need a makeup cleansing balm in my routine
i've tried many cleansing balms
it removes waterproof mascara with ease
it took off my dior mascara no problem.
i love that the formula is a bit drier than other balms
it works really well for facial massage
for the record: i wear primer
layer on two different mascaras when i wear makeup
this is my new holy grail balm cleanser.
this cleansing balm is everything to me!
the balm emulsifies to an oil to help remove the makeup
this cleansing balm takes away the makeup
as the other balms
this takes the cake for cleansing balms
it did take off my waterproof mascara
cruelty free makeup remover/cleanser
i'll be repurchasing this cleansing balm for sure
this allows my skin to hydrate
i usually follow up my cleansing balm/oil with another cleanser
i prefer liquid to matte lipsticks
i am a "cleanse, tone, moisturize" routine girl.
everything, including mascara gone!
this is the best makeup remover balm for my dry skin
this cleanser is moisturizing
this is the first makeup removing balm i tried
i love oil cleansers
took all of my waterproof eyeliner
though- i massage it into my skin
one product i found that worked great for me was an oil based exfoliating powder
stress/hormonal acne skin
this is the best makeup removing balm for your 1st cleanse
i love cleansing oils
decided to try this cleansing balm…
this balm cleanser is very gentle on my rosacea inflicted skin
like the clinique cleansing balm does
it removes my mascara
i prefer to remove makeup with this balm
i could skip my usual cleansing oil+eye makeup remover routine
i do always use a wash cloth to remove my cleansers
i started using cleansing oils
this removes all my waterproof eyeliner
the face shop oils
even two korean cleansing balms
nude skincare omega cleansing jelly
including my waterproof mascara
i've tried a few cleansing balms so far
i used it with a cleansing cloth
takes off all makeup including waterproof mascara
i've purchased the clinique balm a couple times
normally when i cleanse with other cleansers
there's no gross smell or artificial preservatives or any sort of artificial coloring
i wear just eyeliner and mascara everyday.
i used liquid removers in.
i do wear waterproof mascara often
the elf cleansing balm
i love the cleansing balms
not to mention the cleansing oils
i alos use oil cleansers
i've tried various "frizz control" products
a few in my nighttime routine before applying moisturizer
i've used a lot of beauty oils
i love to use it after cleansing
perhaps i'd prefer a glow cream that is a little more moisturizing
buy this beauty hydrating
refreshing and no rinse needed.
a big fan of cleansing oils
this cleanser is a wow.
i will recommend to those who are looking moisturizer for oily skin
she suggested this moisturizer
use the boscia clear complexion cleanser then this as my moisturizer after
moisturizing without being greasy or heavy.
creamy or not moisturizing enough
it's a great moisturizer for my oily
i got hormonal acne at 8
it is a perfect moisturizer for sensitive skin
this moisturizer is hydrating and lightweight
my favorite daily moisturizer!
my oily skin really agrees with this product as most moisturizers
i enjoy how hydrating this product is.
i like this as a summer morning moisturizer.
it does not have the typical sunscreen scent
i love how lightweight and moisturizing this is!
it has a light sunscreen scent that i also really enjoy
really does have the consistency similar to that of a sunscreen
it feels more like a lotion than sun screen.
actually moisturizes my skin
oil free day moisturizer
i tried three spf moisturizers that i absolutely hated based on oiliness
it tasted like i ate sunscreen
i like it, i use it as my daytime moisturizer!
doesn't leave a white residue like most sunscreens on my tan skin tone
it is not sticky like most spf creams
cause i'm too lazy to apply sunscreen
i feel like its moisturizing
it's a fine eye cream in terms of hydration
my under eye concealer applied well over this.
a mask and on top of that an exfoliator after.
:) plus they were so moisturizing and pampering.
massage into my skin
it kept my make up on all day while moisturizing/pore perfecting
i am addicted to this serum.
i follow it with the moisturizing cream.
moisturizes my combo skin without overdo it
this moisturizer is lightweight
doesn't pill up when i apply sunscreen over it
the mallow offers your skin that extra hydration
this serum is the best skin care product i met in 2017 so far
it is very moisturizing
this serum in particular is perfect to use right after washing the face
i absolutely love this serum/moisturizer.
it hydrates and plumps my skin.
this is a nice exfoliating mask.
it surprisingly felt moisturizing
the plumping balm mask
overall a mask i recommend for oily to combination skin if you want to purify
i just got a microdermabrasion
i like to use hydrating masks after chemical peels or any deep exfoliation treatment
i tried this tonight after using the facial radiance peel by fab
drug store micellar waters
this takes off my waterproof eyeliner
eyebrows because of the products i use -- with this micellar water
this micellar water is amazing
with the oil to milk cleanser
especially since i wear waterproof mascara to help keep the curl of my lashes
my esthetian recommended me trying products that contains vitamin c to help with the hyper-pigmentation
especially vitamin c stuff
added this to my moisturizer
i do prefer the powder packets to the serum tube though
hyperpigmentation it works great for that
caudalie instant detox mask 2x/week
i am now considering switching my face cleanser to the purity face cleanser as well
some blackheads will not come to the surface with a topical exfoliant so going to see an esthetician or dermatologist for removal may help
this face mask is a very good exfoliating mask
i love that when washing it off it has a physical exfoliating component
its my first exfoliating mask i have ever tired
not even with facials
has micro beads for exfoliating as you put it on
i used a moisturizer after the mask
i got this since i love the 2% night face serum so much
i decided to start using retinol
this is serum consistency
plan to buy the matching facial serum too
decided to start using a retinol product mostly for preventative reasons
my amazing dermatologist is emphatic that i use retinol
i tried a sample of this retinol serum
as some retinol products help a little
this was my first time using a retinol product
i tried this serum after trying the face cream
this serum is so different than others i've tried
like many other serums
after i put on my moisturizer
my concealer is undetectable now
i love the gel texture
even though its a little thicker than a usual serum its layers pretty well with the rest of my skincare
since its summer i only need this serum
i never used thick serum before
this serum is one of my must have products!
i love cleansing oils that remove all waterproof makeup
they told me i could mix in my serum to make it a day mask or use it as a primer
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
both are light enough to sink into the skin while still moisturizing
peter thomas roth's water drench cream does the exact same thing as the tatcha silk cream
it does not pill with makeup application
is my go-to daytime moisturizer
use the water cream
moisturizer during the day
this cream is so wonderful and moisturizing.
this cream is super moisturizing
i follow up with a pure facial oil
i would recommend using a synthetic brush to apply this
it has a very strong herbal
my skin is combo
in the mornings i love using this after the cleansing oil
i love this cleanser.
this is advertised as a makeup remover as well as a cleanser
i don't care for the fragrance as it really smells like dishwashing soap
it is a cleanser and toner in one.
moisturizing at the same time
all other oil free moisturizers with spf have left my skin greasy despite their labeling
it has the same consistency as clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
instead of buying my face cleanser
this is the best makeup remover cleansers without overstripping the skin
it's one of the very few oil free moisturizers with spf available
that it has spf
it's a basic spf moisturizer with a very subtle
i've spent years trying different moisturizers with spf from high end to drugstore br
this product smells great and is so moisturizing!
yes it can be used as a serum
i put on moisture surge cc cream
most moisturizers make my makeup slide right off
this acts like a serum to be used before your moisturizer
before my spf/top moisturizer
it works miracles for my skin
realized it was a concentrated serum
i just put it under my regular sunscreen.
treat this as a serum which aids the effectiveness of your moisturizer
with whatever moisturizer i use
since introducing this serum into my morning routine
this is a pre-moisturizer
will hydrate your skin better under a heavier lotion
combined with my regular lotion
can reapply makeup without dryness!
finding very well already with the moisturizing cream moisture surge
i love how moisturizing it is
moisture surge gel moisturizer
this isn't moisturizing at all.
this is a perfect daytime pre makeup moisturizer for me
it is very moisturizing
i read some people use it as a serum
i like to use it as a serum
then you can layer it with moisturizer
over my retinol serum
it layers well under moisturizer
perfect moisturizer for summer.
this is amazing it is moisturizing
with the moisture surge gel-crème
leave the serum on overnight
a good tip: rub the serum gently into the skin.
i've tried a number of face mask treatments
this product by no means cured my acne
my girlfriend got the hydrating mask
after cleansing my face as usual i applied step one which was like a cream gel type of product
you put a gel/cream on first
the serum was easy to put on
despite using skin oils
i like that they give you a lot of serum for your face
there was enough serum for my whole face
a cream that is applied
so it helped with the exfoliation.
all of my acne redness was gone
this mask is so hydrating
helped with my sunburn
the mask leaves a hydrating lotion on the skin
exfoliate your skin first
refrigerate the serum gel beforeh
there was plenty of product in the ampoule
taking accutane for cystic adult acne
this mask can help hydrate the skin
i like how this cream goes on gel-like
at the same time moisturizing
it is very moisturizing.
$68 for a moisturizer-that's crazy
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
drug store moisturizers for daytime use
have been using the drunk elephant moisturizing gel for about 2 years now
also has been exfoliating my skin a lot
the scent is very light and herbal.
it's been a struggle to find a moisturizer that will actually moisturize my mostly oily skin
moisturizing enough that i can put it on in the day
it is light yet moisturizing
7oz it will last as long as a 3oz of another cream
love this water cream.
great moisturizer for oily/combination skin
this is an amazing cream for moisturizing!
hydrating my skin while keeping my oils at bae
i've tried many creams/moisturizers
going to try tatcha night serum
my dermatologist put me on retin-a micro
this is the perfect moisturizer for they daytime
it hightly moisturize my skin
this water cream is a nice smooth anti-aging botanical cream that helps reduce pore size
these products contain natural ingredients that do not contain parabens
the water cream is a light weight moisturizer
super acne prone skin
this moisturizer is just perfect under makeup
this moisturizer is just the right amount of moisture for me
like i have with the water cream
i avoid anything mattifying
i made a note that it was on "the silicone side of moisturizers"
suffer from hormonal acne
this cream is light weight
very moisturizing but light weight!!
i decided to try this moisturizer
i tried so many different hydrating cream
it hydrates my skin
preface: i have combination skin
very light and yet moisturizing.
it reminds you of getting a facial in a high-end salon
i put benzoyl peroxide on my face every night
moisturize with this in the morning
iuse it as a day cream on warmer days under sunscreen
because this moisturizer has no oil
it is my new holy grail moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
not hydrating at all
smells more like synthetic perfume than natural
lotions go on my face
ultra-hydrating water every single time i put it on
i can use this moisturizer with both types of skin days
nothing compared to this water cream
typically have to use a gentle milk cleanser
even my eczema likes it :
i cannot use any moisturizer that contains alcohol
it seals in all of the fave products i apply prior to my moisturizer
i wear their sunscreen over this
i love how light the texture in this moisturizer is
it breaks out to almost every moisturizer
this moisturizer however is so light
i still prefer the la mer gel as a moisturizer
if your skin is also acne prone
coming from a moisturizer addict
the consistency is gel/cream like
it is a different texture than most moisturizers
started using eye creams/gels at 13
it is so hard to find beauty products when you are allergic to aspirin related products called salicylates
free of salicylates which makes it the perfect addition to my beauty treatment
this is an amazing moisturizer!
my skin loved this moisturizer
i did try ptr water drench cream
other creams i have used will moisturize
my mineral foundation glides over this cream
the serum stings in a few spots on my face whenever i use it
their vitamin c serum caused me to breakout
decided to try this serum
this particular serum has worked wonders on my acne scarring
love a brightening serum from another line
am always hunting for a good vitamin c serum that actually makes it through the layers of my skin
the benefits of vitamin c to fight free radicals
in conjunction with the ceo cream
i heard about the benefits of vitamin c
i apply moisturizer or serum with sunblock
this is my current favourite vitamin c serum
i also think this form of vitamin c is more stable
this serum is my new holy grail!
the fragrance fades faster on the serum than it does for c
where my other vitamin c oils/serums do not
i got this with the cleansing oil
i've never used a serum that works overnight
try the polished classic rice enzyme powder from tatcha after the ceo oil
it is so moisturizing
facial or makeup remover
in combination with ceo moisturizer
lastly the ceo cream moisturizer
i've tried many cleansing oils- like the amorepacific
skin undergoing facials or harsh procedures
it's a foaming cleanser with exfoliating beads
this cleanser cleans my skin
this is a great daily cleanser.
this cleanser is a good moisturizer as well as a makeup remover
once i moisturize my skin feels br
the exfoliation is safe
i get hormonal breakouts
allergy bumps under my eyes if i use the wrong product
it is similar to amore pacific gel moisturizer
let this me a staple moisturizer !!!
the scent is so therapeutic
i needed a lighter moisturizer for the daytime
it does have silicone in it to help with filling wrinkles
this moisturizer is amazing for combo / oily skin types
this product is so hydrating
i've tried so many moisturizers
i should try using only this hydrating gel
i love using oils to moisturize my skin before applying makeup
during the day i added a drop to my moisturizer
my skin type is combination skin.
i find that could skip my moisturizer
serum that i can find
allergic to all kinds of natural
huge fan of facial oils
i guess the fragrances in this oil are natural
it works better than any serum
i usually just wear concealer
then at night over my glycolic treatment
serums- this one sinks right into the skin
i've tried a lot of facial oils
i enjoy using the oil in my skin care routine.
i love this light herbal scent
i love that it contains all of the natural vitamins
antioxidants that it does
my skin started having a reaction to another product i popped on my noni oil last night
this is a perfect moisturizer :
it is really moisturizing
just i use a face cleanser
well this noni is amazing leave my skin so hydrated
noni glow seems to soak in much faster
it is also super moisturizing
i've switched to using all green tea products because of its natural antibacterial qualities
this mask throughly cleanses the skin
my concealer goes on smooth
many different eye treatments- heavy creams
serums- you name it- with no results
this serum reduced most if not all of my eye puffiness
if you're in the market for an eye serum
i've tried a ton of different eye creams.
the applicator is amazing
i recommend this to anyone who need a new eye serum
i've never found a serum or eye cream that would tighten
i used this serum twice a day
this is the best eye serum i have
i do use under eye cream
a concealer primer for undereye
t's 24/7 retinol cream for my eyes for a couple of weeks
the korres serum is very moisturizing
in the day i don't use the retinol
i do love the skii eye cream sample i got-it is very moisturizing
if it's anything like the 3d eye serum
this new serum feels so lightweight
i love this cleanser
this is an amazing facial oil.
i've also added the tatcha exfoliating cleanser to the oil
you don't even have to slather on a separate moisturizer
i recommend adding this to your ritual
this cleansing oil isn't harsh
just the occasional hormonal breakout
i've spent hundreds of dollar on shu uemura cleansing oils in the past
the cleanser feels amazing to apply
it removes all foundation/bb cream/powder.
this serum is so lightweight
this is a thinner serum
the shaba serum is amazing!
the specialist used this with the eye massager
i've noticed in the 3 weeks i've been using this eye serum
natural ingredients work wonders
i wanted an eye serum to help with some minor fine lines
so beautiful since i use this serum
the serum after that
was scared off by the parabens
my de eye serum
it's also great to massage into brows
although i have used better creams for puffiness
skin concerns:- combo skin- acne- blackheads- dry patches/eczema
night serums as well
this serum is amazing.
this is a fast-absorbing serum.
this eye serum was recommended by a sephora employee
i've never used an eye serum before
best eye serum hands down.
that is alot as far as eye serum goes.
i've never been "wowed" by an undereye cream or serum
this serum is a godsend.
the texture is like a serum
i am planning to use this over my retinol serum
as an eye cream
which is not the case for all eye creams
very sterile medicinal line
including this eye serum
unlike many other eye creams
doesn't "pill" under makeup
find that this serum works really well for me
this is a great eye serum that soaks right in
for day, though, this serum is usually enough.
my concealer melts into my skin the same as well
this is a cream rather than a serum
it's a good treatment to have to boost your vitamin application during the week
this eye serum is making my eyebrows thicker
this eye cream was incredibly moisturizing for me
concealer again without any creasing
anti aging or hydration
i tried this cleanser in the morning
using the entire line except for the sunscreens
when i've just got sunscreen on
considering the heavy duty topical acne medications i'm on
then i went on to buy the tlc framboo serum
the virgin marula facial oil travel sizes right away
i think this is going to be my new hg facial cleanser
as well as non-fragrance cleansers
with this de cleanser
which is good if you use retinol
i love this new gel cleanser
this gel cleanser is excellent.
this cleanser is lightweight
its not marketed as an eye makeup remover
i love the cleanser
squeeze out the cleanser
i like to use this cleanser with my h
i would say this gel cleanser succeeds more with the combo/oily skin types
i do like this cleanser
in addition to the pekee + juju bar soap combo
i've tried both the bar soaps
decided to go solely with the de jelly cleanser
note i never use a cleanser
after my caudaile micellar water
besides the bar cleansers
after cleansing with this
i like to follow this up with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel
in use with the hydrating serum
the beads aren't too exfoliating as to not be able to use daily
i only use this cleanser on weekdays after exercising
includes gentle exfoliating beads
it has like exfoliant beads in it
i love this cleanser
this cleanser was actually non-drying
my skin is living for the matcha solid cleanser
time to try the toner
i love this cleanser !
i love this cleanser.
this is an amazing cleanser for a morning routine or for a gentle mid day wash
this also hydrates my skin
i couldn't resist the matcha in this
it has no smell and it exfoliation is great
out of all the cleansers i own
for my combination skin
it was the perfect merge between exfoliation
i needed a light weight moisturizer
the matcha toner was an amazing introduction.
the toner by itself was amazing
along with the matcha toner
this was a very gentle cleanser/exfoliant with a nice smell
this moisturizer works better than any heavy moisturizer that i have tried
this eye cream will cause it to pill
i recommended to pair it up with toner
serum for extra hydration
the gold gel masks are amazing
i love that it exfoliates your skin
the gold mask is so hydrating
i actually like them separately because the lavender part is a great for exfoliation
the lavender part is great for exfoliation
which is fine since you're supposed to massage it into your skin before rinsing to activate the exfoliate
it's not a moisturizing mask
so moisturizer is needed afterwards
i did love the exfoliating factor
that would be the feel of the exfoliant when your rinsing it off
it's like a facial in a bottle
mix this serum with philosophy turbo booster c powder
adult acne prone skin
it's not medicinal either
get hormonal acne i would definitely recommend giving this a shot
i think this facial identifies my acne so much better than baby facial
my favorite part was exfoliating it off!
100% recommended if you have redness on your skin
my hormonal acne is clearing nicely 5
soothing skin care routine
replacing my other foaming cleanser i use it with an exfoliating brush
i absolutely love facial cleansers that remove my makeup while i wash my face
i love this jelly cleanser!
it removes waterproof mascaras
you must follow with a moisturizer
wouldn't recommend as a daily cleanser
refreshing while helping to moisturize the skin while helping reduce breakouts
since it has the added glycolic acid
if i don't exfoliate
korres greek yoghurt foaming cream
i want gentle exfoliation which this stick delivered
omly just to try some portable cleaners with exfoliating effects
it actually did a wonderful facial while exfoliating your face
i've tried multiple types of moisturizers
it's a lightweight moisturizer with good ingredients
this is a light cream and is hydrating.
the vitamin nectar moisturizer is a good everyday
this cream is rich in vitamins
use it as moisture sealant before applying sunscreen
perfect to layer with other vitamin serums for the day
absorbs quickly without over-moisturizing
bought this after finishing my clinique gel moisturizer
it's moisturizing my dry patches
my makeup stays matte
my favorite product up to this point was the vitamin nectar face mask
"clean" packaging the moisturizer has the perfect amount of hydration
i like to layer moisturizers
it has vitamin c vitamin e vitamin b5 also minerals magnesium
it's my new replacement for my origins moisturizer
this light weight moisturizer is perfect for any skin type
moisturizing it is not heavy or greasy
its superfoods for your face
when i use acne products
the texture is gel like
of course it's a hormonal week
much less than my 90 dollar de serum
it is not a gel mask, it is liquid.
especially in between days when i do lactic acid treatments
it's a great exfoliating option for people with sensitive skin
had to be ultra on top of my sunscreen game
it's slowly replacing my typical gel-creme moisturizer
it also has gentle exfoliation which means that as you use it
works effectively at even claiming my redness while hydrating
applying my toner before bed
i don't need to exfoliate as often
since it is a gel-like cream
it is doing wonders for my combo/acne skin
looked taut like i had botox or something
i love that hyaluronic acid is second on the list of ingredients
most of the ingredients are natural botanical extracts
my favorite thing to do at night is a layer of bha toner
helps my moisturizer sink in
the serum at the same time
the serum in the mornings because i forget to wash my face at night
i also use kora organic noni glow face oil afterwards
i follow up with another more moisturizing essence like may coop or mizon
this is an amazing toner!
just like the caudalie beauty elixir
this smells very herbal
in or a research proven skin lightener
it is a light alternative to layering under a serum instead of wearing a moisturizer
i just also got the vinoperfect serum to go over this
i also use the vinoperfect serum right after
have tried many toners
it is milder than a concentrated serum
this worked 10x better than my thayers witch hazel toner
toning followed by my lapis oil :
being that it contains glycolic acid
after toning with belief witch hazel
then clinique moisturizing gel
i also use the corresponding caudalie serum.
i am in love with antioxidant cleansers lately because they seriously deep clean
you don't need a toner afterwards
the ahas are quite exfoliating
i like to try different cleansers.
i like this cleanser.
i forgot to put on my moisturizer after cleansing
put on my moisturizer
the gentle level of exfoliation from the ahas in this cleanser is great twice a day for my blackhead
it truly is moisturizing
i love all the natural botanical extracts
hyaluronic acid in it
so… while i like the cleanser
this cleanser is $10/oz
philosophy will be drunk elephant’s beste cantaloupe cleanser
you can use as a cleanser or wash-off mask
i apply like a cleanser
after using this serum morning
the serum does exactly what it says: it firms the skin
the serum isn't sticky like others i've used
i also use hope in a jar after i put the serum on
use this as preventative care for wrinkles
i read about antioxidant serums
mimic or do more than this serum
glutathione is one of the most powerful antioxidants
this serum is the best on the market!!
i do want to try adding philosophy's vitamin c-booster to it like the bottle says
this serum is full of good ingredients
works with any moisturizer.
with this as an additive
fair price for a serum that actually works!
i went to sephora to find maybe a night moisturizer antiwrinkle
she would recommend me to use a serum
this serum works like a charm!
this is just an amazing serum!
wash my face with purity
i love this serum.
also thought about laser facial
after checking ingredients of this serum due to breastfeeding
this is a great serum
not tacky/sticky, good serum for the price
decided to give this serum a go
contemplated getting a wrinkle relaxer
i love this serum and will continue to use it.
this makes sense to me as vit c is critical for collagen production
this serum paired with origins' mimosa anti- aging moisturizer is a true miracle worker
i mix this with the philosophy vitamin c powder
a retinol product twice a week since i was 20
he strongly suggested adding a serum to my skin care routine
i can't live without this serum.
after years of not conditioning my skin
the "turbo booster c powder
if i could only buy one serum, this would be it!
assuming i could have the vitamin c turbo booster on h
you have the option of adding the vitamin c booster
much better than serums pre-mixed with a strong level of vitamin c
this is the only one that moisturizes
this serum has changed my skin.
won't use any other serums.
now i'm mixing it with this super lightweight serum
i mix in philosophy vitamin c powder into it
use it as my serum every morning followed by sunscreen
about 1/4 of the time i mix it with the powder vitamin c booster
then apply my am moisturizer
hope in a jar moisturizers
it has been a life saver when using harsher acne treatments
when i use this after my cleanser
it also shows through my moisturizer
i am now taking a small dosage of amino acid supplements to see if my overall skin stays "glowing
i am a faithful user of this serum
i decided to finally try this serum
i've always imagined it to be gooey like frizz-ease serum or like josie maran argan oil
i think i expected it to moisturize like a lotion
i apply just this serum before my moisturizer at night
i also use the purity cleanser
if i run out of this serum
with the added vitamin c booster powder
this serum is great
i really think that it's due to the vitamin c in this serum
i exfoliate then apply serum
toning/firming of this product
just 3-4 drops before moisturizing
i don't have to use a moisturizer after this
this product has provided hydration
i mix it with the vitamin c booster powder
two drops of argan oil
i also use it at night after miracle worker retinol pads
it preps my skin for moisturizing
this is a serum that i use on top of a very light cream to help retain moisture w/o causing clogged pores
and it's a great price for a serum.
i love this serum.
then applying my night time lotion
this serum is easy to use.
i love this serum.
compared to other antioxidant serums
the purity face wash
i apply it every morning after washing my face before i apply my moisturizer
i love this serum!
serums are perfect for the winter months
the help me retinol for night
take a deep breath mixed with vitamin c booster
found this serum to be a necessary part of my daily skin care
it is moisturizing and light.
this serum is the reason i stopped wearing make up
love this serum a lot!
it has the ingredient peptides in it
this is my favorite serum.
i follow with the estée lauder night repair serum
at night i used it under the retinol serum.
have been using this with my day serum
night serum each from different br
it doesn't cure it because seborrheic dermatitis cannot be cured
i cannot deny that this product hydrates.
my routine from base to top is usually toner > aha/bha > serums
my combination skin is living when i apply this before bedtime
this is the perfect mask/moisturizer to use overnight
need a break from facials or face masks
just apply on top of your moisturizer
this mask completely hydrates my skin without bringing out the oils
usually an over night hydrating moisturizer won't help
would apply it before my korres 24 hour moisturizing cream
i love the tarte exfoliator stick
i also use it as a daily chapstick.
this product actually moisturizes
it comes with a cute little applicator that looks kinda like a silicone eyeshadow applicator
i wear a lot of matte lipsticks so
lipstick looks bomb when applied
actually moisturizers and stays on all night!
it's moisturizing without the stickiness
have tried many types of balms
while the sugar fresh balms
i used chapstick like carmex
due to my use of retinol
whether you use liquid lipsticks every day or just a regular chapstick
i've also found the caudalie lip conditioner helpful throughout the day
the little silicone applicator is cute
one day of wearing those type lipsticks
i would have to slather on expensive eye cream
fine lines when i apply liquid lipsticks
my new must have lip moisturizer product..
it is extremely moisturizing
for the past few days i've been mixing this with a bit of organic extra virgin coconut oil
i like it more as a mask/exfoliator
it comes with a super cute silicone applicator that makes application easy
the applicator is cute
it was not moisturizing enough for my lips to stay moisturized overnight
i decided to use 25$ of it to buy the pore refining travel kit by laneige that included this gel moisturizer
very hydrating moisturizer that sinks into my skin immediately
very moisturizing but not heavy or sticky.
great summer or morning moisturizer
this moisturizer is an answer to my prayers!
super moisturizing without being thick at all!
this moisturizer sinks into my skin just like water
i received this moisturizer for review purposes
this moisturizer gets the job done
it's a very moisturizing affordable moisturizer
it came with an applicator that helped to lather on the skin
i received this laneige moisturizer complimentary of laniege
i received this laneige moisturizer complimentary of laniege
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer as my night cream.
my skin is combination
i received this laneige moisturizer complimentary of laniege
i put on moisturizer day
it is an amazing moisturizer for dry skin.
it adds an extra step of having to apply more product of sunscreen
i notice that when i moisturize with this cream
i would rather spend the extra $$ on a potent serum than a moisturizer
i applied this after i have let my toner set in
this product is super moisturizing.
it heavy for my daily moisturizer
this moisturizer is intensely hydrating
i've tried many cream/milk cleansers
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is very hydrating
this has been my go to moisturizer
laniege moisturizer cream met all of my needs
this moisturizer is lightweight
it's super moisturizing without being too greasy
i used this moisturizer every morning
this a great moisturizer after cleansing your face or removing makeup
it's light weight but extreme hydrating.
it has micro-hyaluronic acid
the cream itself is definitely thicker than my everyday moisturizer
the cream is moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
i don't have much experience with moisturizers at this price tag
1 oz of more product i think it's like that moisturizers slightly thicker older sister
i used a perfect world moisturizer from origins
i hate heavy moisturizers
the laneige face moisturizer is rich enough to be hydrating
i love this moisturizer!
i also love how moisturizing it feels.
i mix this with my myriad sunscreen
i liked this moisturizer!
this did feel like it was moisturizing
personally i prefer tubes or pump bottles against jars when we talk about creams
moisturized without any residues on it
this moisturizer fixes both of my problem areas.
i would deff recommend this moisturizer to anyone with dry skin or combination
i found that this lotion helped my dryness
it layered well under sunscreen
i love this moisturizer!
it helps with the frizz so much
most creams i have tried will moisturize when i use it
not keep it moisturizer all day
as someone with allergies
wow is it hydrating
the formula is very moisturizing for my dehydrated spots
i've used other moisturizers in this price range
i enjoy this moisturizer a lot!
i liked this as a nighttime moisturizer as i have oily skin
prefer an spf in my day cream
i received this moisturizer complimentary from influenster
i've tried out the water bank serum as well
it is highly moisturizing and feels lightweight.
it is a bit too moisturizing for my combination skin
keihls facial moisturizer is my go to product when it comes to face creams
neck with my holy grail ultra facial moisturizer
when using powder foundation
a lot of moisturizers are heavy
i rub the excess cream on my h
coats in instant hydration
the moisturizer was light
kind of like a shampoo to me
try to hydrating trial kit
this cleanser soothes my skin during a break out
the moisturizer foam cleanser for a month now
even my waterproof mascara
i forget to do the second cleanse with a foam cleanser
plus i think 250 ml is more than most other oil cleansers
i really like that it is a gentle daily exfoliant
even water resistant mascara
i love this cleanser for exfoliating
i used this after spending a full weekend in the sun using sunscreen like
this moisturizer is fairly emollient
this moisturizer is lightweight
creams that firm or moisturizer or illuminate
is surprisingly moisturizing for such a weightless moisturizer
the ingredients are all natural
his team developed a real winner with this hydrating moisturizer
all the benefits or a gel
enriched cream in one
rich moisturizer on my face during the day
it's light weight, yet incredibly moisturizing.
like honey or spirulina
there's water/glycerin as the main "fat" moisturizing component
i struggled finding a moisturizer
this is an amazing moisturizer.
this easily applies with any serum or spf i use
the prescribed acne treatments
it's dissolvable beads are nice
this moisturizer breaks the mold
it has hyaluronic acid in it
is an amazing superfood
most gel moisturizers feel hydrating for the first hour
this moisturizer is hydrating yet lightweight
because it feels almost like a serum
the origins charcoal powder cleanser
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
or anyone whose skin loves vitamin c
my melasma is lighter in color
the vitamin c in this mask is water soluble
vitamin c is one of the best for anti ageing
a pampering product with visible results.
i love fruit acids
this mask throughly moisturizes my face
also anti aging skin loving ingredients!
even with fruit acids
i tested an advanced sample of tatcha violet-c radiance mask over the weekend on clean skin
until i met new ginzing spf40 tinted moisturizer
love this new tinted moisturizer with spf.
the formula color matches to your skin
use this as a moisturizer/primer before i put my foundation on
it was my first time using a tinted moisturizer
i've tried a few other tinted moisturizer samples since
i love this moisturizer!
i regularly use origins ginzing moisturizer
you can always add bronzer.
was in the store for a new sunscreen/tinted moisturizer
normally reach for smashbox bb or clinique cc creams
love this powdered mask !
hydra therapy vitality treatment mask
i apply it after serums
i should have been looking at tinted moisturizers
liquid matte lipstick had to start from someone
i typically use it cosmetics bb cream in medium-tan
sunblock all in one product
i received a 7 day trial of this serum for free from influenster
the serum has almost an oily feeling
hydrating on my skin
the serum itself is pretty lightweight
i loved the fact that it has turmeric in it
i only use this serum at nights because of how shinny i looked after application
i tried the double serum for 7 days complimentary of influenster
the product is super moisturizing
the serum does not add to the oil on my skin yet moistens it
this double serum is not one i would discard.
i used this serum every night for a week.
i received a complimentary 7 day trial of this serum
i received a complimentary 7-day trial of double serum
i received a complimentary 7 day trial of this serum
this serum is perfect for night time!
perhaps it's a combination of the serum
the serum was very oily
i used this serum for 7 days
my skin was instantly more radiant after my first use of the double serum
i barely needed any moisturizer after application
i will say this is a bit of a pricier skin care serum
i love using serums on my face
this serum is very thick
the serum isn't greasy
it left my face feeling moisturizer.
it's so moisturizing without being greasy
my skin care products seem to be working better in combination with this serum
i received a 7 day trial of this serum
acne prone with mid rosacea
i received a 7 day trial of this serum to test out
the texture is fine, a normal serum.
the serum has a light aroma
i do not get any allergy reaction
nor any pimple the next day after using a little oily serum as i used to
often have allergic reactions to skin care
this dual formula serum works to make your skin smoother
i received a complimentary 7 day trial of this serum from influenster
the serum applies a bit oily at first
so hydrated i don't even feel the need of using moisturizing after using the serum
the serum is easy to apply after cleansing/toning your face
apply lol products at night because of all the benefits of natural oils
the texture is just like any other serum
turmeric is great for the skin.
i chose to apply the serum nightly after a freshly showered face
this serum works wonders .
very moisturizing and clean scent.
i really enjoyed this serum from clarins.
this double serum is supposed to give you smoother
the double serum was light
there is not really a smell to this serum.
t was easily spreadable
i definitely enjoyed this serum
serums are my beauty product of choice for my combination skin
claris double serum age control would fit in with the summer
would still need some crème
eye crème to apply after this product
i got period acne
this serum smells amazing
this is the first serum that i have tried.
this works amazing as a night serum for me.
i find the double serum system great
this product is lovely for a serum.
the double serum feels like a facial oil when first applied
i won't say its a great product as i wish itd be more moisturizing
it feels so moisturizing without being heavy
am in love with this serum
hydrates my combination skin
how it feels very moisturizing while acting like a dry oil
this serum is definitely oily as most serums are
i love how quickly the serum absorbs into my skin
i like the serum
neck creams over it
this serum is a nice addition too
as soon as i touched this serum to my face
the two serums are a mixture of an oil
this serum does what it is supposed to
definitely plan to continue using the serum to see the effects overtime
this lotion is moisturizing without drying out face too much
i got lamer's all lotions
anti wrinkle aspects of this eye cream not the brightening
i like that the ahas are exfoliating
it still has a moisturizing feel
only been using this collagen for 2 days
collagen is the first ingredient
it goes on right under my other day serum!
i am in ❤️ with liquid collagen!
ceramic applicator, yes please.
after apply my clinique or good genes lotion
this is the holy grail of pimple zapping ointments
night before my moisturizer for a day
this serum is very gentle and is showing results.
it's hard to believe it is also detoxifying
the hyaluronic acid helps for hydration
i love this serum.
i still use an eye cream for hydration
made my concealer go on like a dream
it is very moisturizing
before using this moisturizer
my go-to for the summer was the clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel which left my face matte
lacked the moisturizing component
it's a ice lightweight cleanser
detoxifying masks are super drying on me
i love this volition beauty detoxifying silt gelee mask
hydrates with lasting results
articles about this mask called the volition detoxifying silt gelee
it helps with blackheads
overall be healthier then i suggest using the volition beauty detoxifying silt gelee mask
so after buying volition mattifying mist
i love using once a week after some exfoliation.
i love this cleanser.
i get less acne breakouts
so glad i found a ‘gelee’ type mask that detoxifies my face from all the impurities
i love this mask because it's hydrating
i don't really use detoxifying masks only because i have dry skin
most detox masks will make my skin look
i struggle to find products that moisturize
this youth-boost gel is has more of a serum or water-based feel
the texture of this moisturizer is amazing!
i currently have combo/dehydrated skin
this gel is a keeper!
note that this product isn't a gel.
this gel moisturizer is light
!this gel is not just a gel!
it works as both a skin moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
volition's oceane gel is one of the best moisturizers i've used
the closest moisturizer i've found to this one is the ptr water drench
even with the lightweight properties of this moisturizer
effective in hydrating my face
it assists in collagen
it also has vitamin c content
i’m interested in trying the helix restorative gel next
i love this as a primer and undereye gel.
skin care in one
doesn't pill under makeup
the gel formula is unlike most eye creams that i have tried before
acting as a primer under concealer
moisturizes my eye area
my under-eye concealer seems to apply
i tested out this helix am/pm eye gel
i love how this eye cream doubles as an undereye primer
it went great under my concealer
it has all properties of a night cream
this gel removes puffiness
it's such a soft gel but it hydrates and firms.
as a professional makeup artist i love how i'm able to use this gel as an under eye primer before applying concealer to get a clean creaseless application
this gel is cooling
this eye gel is super light
i do need hydrating
goes perfectly well on the skin as a moisturizing cream or as a primer for eye makeup
i am very allergic to cosmetics
or eye gel person
diverse hydrating eye gel
my concealer doesn't crease like it did prior to using this gel
its a a mix between a eye cream to hydrate
is the perfect base for my concealer
my concealer hasn't been creasing
this gel is the perfect skincare/primer hybrid that is completely nourishing while prepping my eye area for a smooth
it helps my concealer last longer.
also this eye gel is someone's baby.
i've used it everyday with my moisturizer before applying makeup
so wearing concealer can be a challenge.
i generally use a more moisturizing eye cream as a base for concealer
oils from most moisturizers
it creates a perfect base for concealer
feels almost like a silicone-based makeup primer
i love this gel.
it’s nothing like those silicone primers because those aren’t skin care products
lo and behold, the helix restorative gel!
(i follow it with a cream concealor.)
my concealer won't apply
at night after cleansing my skin
this gel cream is so light weight!
i put it on after moisturizer
kiehls does have a blue color packaging gel moisturizer great for summer use
i am beyond obsessed with this moisturizer!
unscented, gentle, and extremely hydrating.
my skin pigment is even
my life changed by this magic serum which i swear by it
i looooove this serum for my dry skin!
one of my favourite undereye creams.
flaky in response to use of a topical acne treatment
not many creams will
i used so many moisturizers trying to restore moisture to the area
also before i apply concealer
this cream really moisturize my under eye area
i've tried samples of other eye creams
my night time serum of the same br
i swear by these 2 serums
although it looks a little greasy like sunscreen
it really is a great facial cleanser
i got it in my eye one night mixed with eyeshadow/mascara/foundation/foamy cleanser mixture
i finally found a moisturizer that protects
i love this facial cream !!!
this product is my go to cleanser
a great combo with its toner!
it foams on the skin
each time i mask with the calendula
the mask hydrates your skin
concealer no longer looks cakey when i apply it since i've been using this eye cream
the facial fuel eye cream in the morning
this cream lasts a while
it hydrates my skin and plumps it up.
the serum-like texture
the moisturizing lasts all day
i do switch up my vitamin c serums this one is a constant in the rotation
those were easily removed by this miracle serum
the glycolic acid makes my skin feel plump
it has the tiniest granules in it to make for a gentle exfoliation while also cleaning your face
okay this is my holy grail cleansing oil.
waterproof mascara is no match for this stuff.
including water proof liquid lipsticks
i wouldn't deduct a star for this because that is true for majority of cleansing oils/balms
nourishing as you apply it to your skin
the creamy avocado treatment as an eye mask weekly
rehydrating skin while traveling
applying moisturizer because my skin would start to crack
helps to seal in any additional serums or treatments
jars in this product!
a serum in your routine is
i love the truth serum too
if i use a hydrating anything
my acne is hormonal
counteract the dryness by applying a moisturizer afterward
i just finish with a moisturizing lotion
great way to exfoliate and care for your skin!
i got a 7 day sample of this gel along with the truth serum
then apply some lotion to my face
is prone to mild acne
recently got sample packs of this gel moisturizer vitamin c serum
i ran out of the moisturizer
neostratas glycolic renewal have almost fully smoothed out my skin
this is the absolute best serum i've used.
i put it on after my toner in the evening
including prescription acne meds
i put it on after my toner/serum
because the blend of lactic
glycolic acid works so well for me
even though it does contain moisturizing ingredients
advise following this with a moisturizer
i want to try a different serum
this product is my holy grail night treatment.
best serum to that minimizes pore size
after reading reviews on this helping others with cystic acne i decided to give yet another acne product a shot
tried the drunk elephant serum
s on fraxel laser treatments to even out my skin tone from acne blemishes
i tried the drunk elephant glycolic serum comparable to this
doubles as an exfoliant
after i apply the gel
i spot treat acne bumps
then apply a layer of calming moisturizer
i am 29 with combination skin
one of its main ingredients is lactic acid
i believe it did some exfoliating
in colder/dryer months i layer it under a moisturizing night cream
it's done wonders for my cystic hormonal acne
use argan oil over it
i will continue to use this serum!
put a moisturizer on top
i pat the gel into my skin
do the same with my night moisturizer
who doesn't use the toner
i wrote this for the vitamin c brightening serum
micro derma abrasion were the saving grace of my face
i briefly tried the see the difference serum
i fell in love with the ren glycolic acid mask
i usually have some hormonal breakouts
the first pic is my reaction to allergens
before my night moisturizer
someone at the store recommended this gel.
i wouldn't say this is moisturizing
use in combination with ole licorice oil free moisturizer
it might also be acne creams.
creams on top of it
on for 6 years to fade hyperpigmentation from hormonal acne
the fresh seaberry oil cleanser is a life saver
i love this moisturizer
i used fab's ultra repair cream or whatever one night bc i needed more hydration
skin concerns:- combo skin- acne- blackheads- dry patches/eczema
very soothing indeed -- it saves me after i use a depilatory on my upper lip
acne prone skin as well
this moisturizer is amazing.
hydrating the skin after washing
paired with a hydrating cream cleanser
this product was recommended to me because i have rosacea
me and my bf have rosacea, and sensitive skin.
with mild rosacea -- this is the best moisturizer i have tried in years
also some mild rosacea
i tried so many drug store moisturizers
i initially bought this moisturizer to address my redness-prone skin
great moisturizer for daily use!
this was given to me to help with sunburn
even some nights after i wash my face when i want something lighter than my hydrating night lotions
some popular moisturizers will burn on contact
this moisturizer is perfect
loves this moisturizer also
if you also have rosacea
i love this moisturizer.
allergic reaction or irritation
it is just the right balance between moisturizing
this moisturizer did miracles to my skin
i really like this lotion.
i developed mild rosacea.
this product is so moisturizing
i needed something to nourish my skin
i love this moisturizer!
i wanted a moisturizing cream that i could use after the truth serum
in no way does this tiny bit of powder harm the moisturizing of this creme
i've tried several moisturizers to soothe redness
this is my go-to product for hydration for my face
i love this moisturizer!
incredibly moisturizing and smells yummy!!
works great under my moisturizing primer
the only downside for me is that it smells like baby aspirin
i react even to the mildest of lotions
the perfect every day face lotion
first aid beauty ultra repair cream
tried a number of moisturizers to no avail
i've tried their other moisturizers
i just love this moisturizer.
i pair it with the sephora makeup cleanser
this cream was very moisturizing
truth revealed super creme spf15 combined
need something more moisturizing for winter
this is the first moisturizer that i've used that actually calms my skin
this moisturizer melts into my skin
i don't find this cream that moisturizing/soothing
my rosacea causes redness
i don't have rosacea
mix it in with a bit of sunscreen
usually i don't use moisturizers because i already have acne prone skin
this moisturizer is so divine!
it really soaks into the skin plus it has the added benefits of vitamins
can't wait to include the milk cleanser !
not good with scented lotions
this also helped with my sunburn
this is the only moisturizer that could hydrate my skin for a full day
i love this cleanser!
i don't typically use gel cleansers
i am acne prone
this cleanser is okay
its such a gentle cleanser
this is my hg cleanser.
smoot plus with vitamin c makes me glow
this cleanser is not super drying like most cleanser are
since i've been using ole henriksen's vitamin c truth serum my breakouts are close to none
this cleanser is not drying.
in addition to the aloe vera
combined with the vitamin pluss moisturizer
wich the green eucalyptus cleanser did
act as a daily cleanser
used intermittently with my microdermabrasion cleanser
then algenist genius ultimate anti-aging serum finished with korres black pine firming night cream
i then i use the vitamin c serum too
i used this one after my allergic reaction
especially the ones from the vitamin c line
moisturized than other cleansers
this cleanser is okay
i only use it on the days when i'm not using my peter thomas roth glycolic acid facial wash
after using clarins cleansers for years
this face cleanser is refreshing
i love this cleanser!
i follow with the truth serum which really locks everything in
i like this cleanser
works well alone or with an manual exfoliating sponge
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser
the vitamin c does a great job at brightening as well
this is my go-to cleanser!
i love this cleanser.
has vitamin c which is great
i just change my moisturizer based on the season.
it'd be even more perfect if it had exfoliating properties
the cleanser does not strip all of the natural oils from your face
the cleanser starts as a gel
i started using this cleanser
the herbal day cream a couple months ago
it had this cleanser
the herbal day cream
they used the cleanser
i've tried earth-friendly cleansers before
you can always use a moisturizer
this cleanser is perfect for my combination skin.
more drying than the apricot cleanser for sensitive skin
rub the cleanser on your skin
i usually use a washrag though for some exfoliation
i love this product for a quick toner.
it cleanses better than the clinique liquid facial soap mild
this cleanser is a bit drying so don't skip applying a moisturizer
i still like the caudalie cream cleanser for the shower
i cannot recommend this moisturizer enough!
this isn't thick but very moisturizing.
i can recommend this if you would like a lightweight moisturizer
this moisturizer is lightweight
also moisturizing enough to keep me from getting dry
this moisturizer truly helped my skin look
was scared to check out moisturizers
it is my go to moisturizer.
using this moisturizer daily under my makeup has fixed that problem
in combination with fab retinol used 2-3xweek
love how light weight yet moisturizing it is
this is my new go to moisturizer!
this lotion is amazing!!
the invigorating exfoliating gel under the lotion at night
the lotion also lasts forever!
if you love this lotion definitely try out the gel for night time skin routine before the lotion
this moisturizer was used on me during a makeover
i love mixing this moisturizer with my foundation to create a light-weight faux bb cream feel
due to acne products my skin is even dryer than before
this product is silky smooth and moisturizing.
then i apply ptr retinol pm
this moisturizer i use ptr retinol pm eye cream too
this moisturizer does not irritate it hydrates in places needed
in fact it may even be more moisturizing now
oil-free moisturizer has changed my complexion completely
this cream claims to contain several ingredients to brighten the skin
this cream is in a jar
the product is so thin yet so moisturizing
the moisturizer has reduced my acne
hate using cream moisturizers
the only moisturizer that works on my skin.
light weight, no residue, and hydrating.
this is my go-to moisturizer for daytime
i added this moisturizer to my routine day/night
this product has vitamin c with is perfect for spots
a definite go-to moisturizer for normal/combo skin
has breakouts or acne
this moisturizer is really light
whenever i apply foundation after this moisturizer
moisturizers always make me break out.
i prefer a bottle instead of a jar though for skin products to keep the ingredients fresh
light, but still moisturizing.
don't normally use moisturizer
light moisturizer that delivers!
this moisturizer is perfect for my oily skin.
i am in love with this moisturizer
acne prone skin with rosacea
this moisturizer has been a miracle in a tub
its not overly moisturizing to the point i'm oily
this moisturizer is great for combination skin!
this is very gentle and unscented.
this is a very light moisturizer.
super acne prone skin with lots of acne scarring
also did a good job moisturizing
continue to use it in combination with my spf moisturizer
this moisturizer is so light
this is my new hg moisturizer.
i would not recommend as a pm moisturizer
tends to like a more lightweight moisturizer/lotion
i add this before my moisturizer in the morning
i've used vitamin c products before
night usage of this moisturizer
tried so many moisturizers
no sunscreen which i have found makes moisturizers too thick
i am 17 with combination skin
previously i was using just plain jojoba oil to moisturize my skin
moisturizing with algenist sublime defense anti-aging blurring moisturizer spf 30
began adding serums to my routine
this serum is gold.
after i fell in love with the serum
another biggie is that this serum lasts a long time
i love this serum!
is light enough to go under a moisturizer or sunscreen
i love the serum consistency
this serum has changed my skin after one night
love the truth serum.
i mix it with a little bit of face lotion
i apply this serum
it is a nice serum
this is the serum that amber in sephora eaton centre recommended to me
this is the perfect serum to use for someone who's a beginner in the vit c category
a nightly moisturizer at night
after two days of using two pumps of this serum
for those who don't appreciate a powerful orange scent in their serum
i ran out of this serum
i don't notice a difference using most other serums
this serum helps my skin brighter
goes well with my moisturizer
this serum is incredible for my sensitive skin
when i first tried this serum i used it 2x a day morning
at bed time use pure goat milk soap to clean
a dab of the serum after
i am so glad that i redeem my points for this serum
the vc serum works effectively after my night routine
it's such a great serum for after toner
the do daily moisturizer.
this vitamin c serum is the absolute og of the space
this serum is bomb.
one of the employees at sephora recommended this one because of the vitamin c in it
this with my trusty fab ultra repair moisturizer did the trick
anything with collagen is an a+ in my book!
i never believed in serums until i tried the olehenriksen line of vitamin c
it was just this serum
i loved this serum
s together to warm up the serum
this is a great vitamin c serum that has not broken me out or dried out my skin
the serum absorbs well
don't have a problem using this under moisturizer/makeup
was hoping that this serum would help with that
i do follow up with a moisturizer.
thought maybe this serum would enhance that
i love this serum.
i don't typically use serums
sheer transformation perfecting moisturizer
this truth serum work wonders together
i love using it before my moisturizer!
i will definitely purchase this serum again.
after toner and before moisturizer.
since olehenriksen has come up with the new packaging for this serum
in the morning before moisturizer
i love the consistency of the serum
night after all my moisturizers
feels healthy every time i apply this serum
received this serum in my play box
the serum can be a bit sticky
this helps because it's moisturizing
this is my first serum purchase
this serum is great
use apple cider vinegar toner
love the truth serum
this used to be my og vitamin c product.
this serum definitely does the job
it has been hydrating
before moisturizing my skin
his routine is putting on this serum
the truth reveal moisturizer in the morning
it helps keep the moisturizer in all day
typically in the morning because i use another exfoliating serum at night
concealer could not cover
provide some "serum like" hydration
you have to use a moisturizer afterwards
which also works as a toner
i also used the night serum by this br
toner combo that works
with combination acne prone skin
i found this with a few lush moisturizers
the formula of the moisturizer is very lightweight
i love this moisturizer!!!
i love this moisturizer.
i started using the advanced truth moisturizer from the a brighter truth kit
-absorbent moisturizer is amazing at hydrating
prepping my skin for makeup
it is my holy grail moisturizer
its almost like a gel-cream
you may not find this moisturizer to be very mattifying
i wash my face with a cleanser fresh soy face wash
toner lush's tea tree water
serum ole henriksen's vitamin c serum
eye cream by clinique
before using this moisturizer i used this chia seed one from the face shop which was said to be made for oily skin
this moisturizer is a godsend!
it is both mattifying
i can slather it on
this moisturizer is hardy enough to withst
not nearly as moisturizing
this moisturizer is perfect.
excellent moisturizer for acne prone skin that needs hydration
this cream is a mattifying cream
after a year plus of using vitamin plus i cannot live without it
i've changed my moisturizer to this
started using boscia detoxifying black cleanser
especially my hormonal acne
it is now my daily moisturizer
a half now as a day moisturizer
in concert with the aloe face wash
he gave me samples including ole henriksen aloe vera face wash
the grease relief toner
my matte foundation is actually matte now
prior to finding vitamin plus
has a great scent to it unlike other moisturizers i have tried
i tend to switch to a lighter moisturizer during the day
i just used my mild acne cleanser
given my acne prone skin
i needed a light moisturizer
so light yet very moisturizing
what an amazing day moisturizer for oily skin.
le on my hormonal acne
one of the sales associates recommended this ole moisturizer
if the lotion isn't moisturizing enough
this moisturizer is somehow able to make my skin look amazing--combined with the grease relief face tonic
i usually avoid scented moisturizers
it's also very herbal
i started using this product when philosohy discontinued the miracle worker anti-aging for acne prone skin
first time trying this moisturizer
the toner at night
instead of feeling like a heavy lotion or cream
acne prone skin with hyper pigmentation
truth serum, then vitamin plus moisturizer.
a skin care regime is incomplete without a moisturizer
that also gets very dry without moisturizing
i love this moisturizer!
the aloe definitely soothe
my acne is hormonal
it contained benzoyl peroxide
decided to try out this particular cream to replace the clinique lotion
this moisturizer has saved my skin
i do also take antibiotics for acne
i needed an spf free moisturizer
layered with my acne serum
excellent moisturizer as makeup base
does not include salycic acid or benzoyl peroxide
natural ingredients like aloe vera
they are the main ingredients in this moisturizer
this is a good moisturizer
not to mention is has vitamins a
e which are all the important vitamins to protect the skin
the only other moisturizer i found with all these vitamins was the camu camu moisturizer by ptr
how lightweight this lotion is
the only downfall to this product is that it has a bit of a medicinal smell
i used the herbal day creme religiously before it was discontinued
began using this moisturizer as my primer
not quite as deep-down moisturizing as the truth revealed moisturizer
toner i use is perfect
i chose to buy the vitamin plus lotion over the truth serum lotion because i thought that it would go better with my skin type
just added this vitamin plus as an alternate moisturizer at night
face creams make face break out.
this lotion is perfect for my sensitive skin.
i like the creme!
my skin loves this moisturizer.
i dont like heavy creams or oils on my face.
i used the ancienne serum paired with the ancienne cream
i cleansed with soy face wash
then used a tinted moisturizer on top
cleanser that comes out
my dermatologist has had me on retin a for years for cystic acne
it's made with different waxes and oils.
i've used both the regular crème ancienne
fresh should make a crème ancienne body butter!
ed face creams that made zero difference
add a serum before using this product over it
wish i cold say the same about sunscreen
my dry skin will laugh at those lightweight crèmes
this creme is very healing.
unlike most night moisturizers
i would have given 5 stars if it contained sunscreen
i can top it with make up that contains sunscreen
i researched quite a bit while i used pure aloe to soothe my skin in the meantime
i ordered this creme
i also use glycolic acid everday so this cream helps with any flaking
my skin is combo
i love a good thick moisturizing night creme
this is the ultimate antiaging creme
intensive creams for my aging face
i absolutely love this moisturizing cream.
now i'm also using it in the morning followed by a facial sunscreen
my adult hormone acne is gone.
i am 30 with acne issues at times
it moisturizes my skin all day
started using creme ancienne after a recommendation
this creme is the ultimate hydrating creme
when i used other cremes
this is an amazing moisturizer
it moisturizes all day
i've tried a bunch of different moisturizers
break out from moisturizers
since the product is super moisturizing
you get to choose what sunblock to use
alcohols which irritate my skin
it hydrates where i need hydration
this is less of a cream and more of a balm.
super hydrating for a night time moisturizer.
use a light moisturizer in the morning
use creme ancienne at night
it's a great moisturizer for oily/combination skin
hormonal acne prone skin
it has a lot of good ingredients one of which is lactic acid which can help my skin exfoliate
i find it to be more herbal
in the morning i spritz my face with evian mineral water spray
massage into my face
my objective is to moisturizer my face
try it with the purity facial cleanser
i can feel myself washing the moisturizer off
this moisturizer does amazing things for my skin!
definitely more of a natural/ herbal thing going on
it is very moisturizing without that greasy feeling
still does a great job at moisturizing
i wear it as a night cream
thought i'll try this moisturizer
absorbs quickly almost like a gel moisturizer except it has a cream texture look
which is what most moisturizer do
this with the purity cleanser with the micro abrasion once or twice a week = perfect skin
i love the consistency of this moisturizer.
it really hydrates mt skin.
5 stars for basic moisturizer
like raw eggs mixed yogurt
i like to use a moisturizer with spf for during the day
i put this on after algenist genius vitamin c+ serum
this lotion is amazing
this is a lightweight moisturizer
great for use over treatment serums
i love this moisturizer!
it is a great "primer" for a tinted moisturizer or foundation
this is a great moisturizer for normal or combo skin
i love this moisturizer.
it hydrates my sensitive combination skin
for the moisturizing properties
have always had trouble with moisturizers
i've tried so many moisturizers
however i think they are hormonal
i tried cheaper moisturizer
i also don't use any foundation or makeup on my skin other than moisturizer/spf
i did learn though that retinal can increase chance of sunburn
always use sunscreen or stay in the shade
a sephora employee recommended this to me for the treatment of my severe blackheads
it has also helped with hormonal breakouts.
just make sure to use a sunscreen during the day!
i like it better than my old prescription of retinoids that would only dry out
this was my first time using a retinol product.
just like acid-based products
as it doesn't moisturize
you want to "seal in" the retinol against your skin
much more gentle if you want the benefits of retinol without the redness
very gentle retinol product.
we often don't need a prescription retinol treatment
this was my first retinol-containing product
for the past six months i have mixed in a drop of pure vitamin e
for me it has been a miracle acne cream.
no acne, at all.
this is my staple skin care product.
hormonal acne in my 30s
my breakouts weren't severe enough to warrant a prescription retinol cream
this is my first experience using retinol
i wear a sunscreen without a retinoid
its always good to have retinol on your nightly skin care
its a good moisturizing product
this is not a moisturizer.
you will have to use a moisturizer as well as this product
first time i tried a retinol
i compared it to a friends retinoid which burned
this is moisturizing enough for me.
i tried philosophy's retinol pads
i went on all types of antibiotics
i highly recommend this if you want a gentle dose of retinol to clear
after careful reviews of otc products containing tretinoin
usually use moisturizer over it
my skin is combination.
i've tried tretinoin and other retin a products.
i found myself in my early 30's with adult hormonal acne
this is part of my evening regimen- first washing with a gentle cleanser with my clairsonic
after years of fighting with adult hormonal acne
no more laser treatments
i started using this retinol cream
i actually use it in the mornings after washing my face/showering as a moisturizer
this cream balances out my skin
of course, i use sunscreen, as well.
i've had to invest in a pure sunscreen.
i also use prescription adapalene gel sometimes at night
it says to follow up with a moisturizer
so glad that its unscented!
best retinol product on the market.
make sure to wear sunscreen-- i use benefit's oxygen foundation with spf25
wear it underneath your pm moisturizer
as with any retinol
also make sure to use sunscreen.
sephora's mattifying moisturizer with spf 20 is nice
before my nighttime moisturizer
since l already use rosehip face oil by pai in the mornings
hope in a jar original moisturizer
serum to use at night
don't have to wait to apply a moisturizer
because i read that retinol creams were excellent acne fighters
a new part of my daily skin regimen
a couple of hope in a jars as well as the exfoliating wash
this is a great retinol as its gentle
this cream is incredibly moisturizing
i just use a tinted primer or moisturizer.
one of those steps is adding retinol to my skin care
i really like this retinol.
the retinol is what i need for the "aging" skin
this is a great starter retinol or a retinol for people with very sensitive skin
i learned that only retinol can do the trick
found this retinol product
moisturizer as it made my face break out
take a deep breath gel moisturizer
make sure you use a hydrating moisturizer to counteract the dryness
finally after years of trying different acne creams
i would recommend this product if you're not allergic to retinol
i am a religious user of spf 45
t is ideal to use before applying concealer
it is cheaper than a lot of eye creams/gels
haven't really tried other eye creams/gels before
she said this would go well under concealer/makeup
this serum completely smoothed
it's very moisturizing, but not oily.
after sampling countless eye creams
i applied the gel
soaking in all the nutrients
i love this eye gel!
my morning skin regimen is pretty basic: eye gel followed by the lotus moisturizer
the eye gel is lightweight
i needed it for puffiness
i am usually allergic to any lotions with flowers in them
using the fresh soy cleanser
this eye gel is hydrating and lightweight.
she was looking at the eye creams
love this eye gel.
this eye cream is hydrating.
have tried several eye creams
it's basic, calming, and hydrating.
it does help with puffiness
it is very moisturizing and has a cooling effect.
i like this eye gel
puuuuurfect for purifying my skin after a long day of wearing makeup
cleanser, spot treatment, and mask!
does not have salicylic acid.
often after using a chemical peel to really detox my skin
my acne is gone
my skin is combination
just experienced the worst hormonal acne breakout after going on the pill
of course acne prone skin
i often get hormonal acne around my jawline
i've tried a lot of a lot of acne spot treatments offered by sephora
usually salicylic acid based gels
benzoyl peroxide products too
i came across the exfoliator in this line
i'll be buying the toner!
especially used before the umbrian toner
it helped my hormonal breakouts as well as my regular breakouts
it helps with my acne
melasma on my face
the nectar mask twice a week
matte after using it
nourishes my dryer areas
cleanser around "my time of the month" to catch those hormonal breakouts early fyi
i've purchased the umbrian clay exfoliate
i just use the seaberry oil to moisturize
does wonders for my hormonal acne!!
massaging it all over my face to exfoliate
i love using this as a spot treatment for my acne
if i use most lotions there
everything except prescription grade face cleansers
along with this product i also purchased the umbrian clay mattifying face exfoliant
the umbrian clay purifying treatment bar
after rinsing off the product
i like to mix it with the fresh soy cleanser in the morning
this cream feels very moisturizing
i am able to keep clear skin if i use a bare minimum-type oil free moisturizer with a salicylic acid acne wash
i've used this particular moisturizer
best results with the foaming cleanser
also to some odors added to some body/face creams
along with their gentle milk cleanser
i feel like a lot of day creams try to pack in all the extracts
this moisturizing cream from caudalie feels just right
i do need something more moisturizing for winters in ny
i love the serums
the vendanges moisturizing cream has been a miracle worker for me
i recently purchased this moisturizing cream at the sephora in soho
it is very moisturizing
the caudalie toning lotion in conjunction are now must haves for me
i wait two minutes after i apply this moisturizing cream to my face
i love this moisturizer.
this has zero dyes
this offers hydrating that the l'occitane fabulous serum does not give due to its potentially irritating ingredients
it was for anti wrinkles
more to the antioxidant power
at first i was in love with the creme sorbet moisturizer they have
has a nice light scent to it although i don't believe a fragrance/perfume is listed on the ingredient list
effective moisturizer with great antioxidants
i usually use hydrating serum before this for added moisture
ingredients they used to care for my skin
doesn't leave skin oily like some other moisturizers
i love the smell of this moisturizer
before trying caudalie premieres vendanges moisturizing cream
shine or heavy weight of other daily moisturizers
i like this moisturizer in the warmer months.
i also use the caudalie serum
i love this moisturizing cream
help with my acne
i too need facial moisturizers without the anti-aging tag
my skin loves this moisturizer !
i love this moisturizer
i used around a teaspoon to a whole heaping tablespoon
it’s just a plain old moisturizer
my skin was unbalanced from using acne creams
this cream is moisturizing
this is one of the more affordable moisturizers from caudalie
creamy moisturizer, which i use in the am and pm.
in the winter i am constantly reapplying moisturizer
i went through a phase of testing all kinds of facial moisturizers at sephora
with this lotion i don't have that problem
a sales associate recommended this moisturizer to me
it's more of a cream than a lotion
it's super moisturizing without being too heavy or greasey
still hydrates my skin
since it is a tad pricy compared to other moisturizers
this serum when applied onto the problem area moisturizes
i wear this under bareescentuals matte foundation
i love this moisturizer.
it provides the perfect amount of moisturizer
caudalie moisturizing cream makes my skin feel smooth
it is the best moisturizing cream for the skin
light yet very moisturizing
i love the moisturizer.
this lotion is a great moisturizer that keeps your skin soft
from all the moisturizers i have tried
this moisturizing cream goes on so smoothly
usually natural cremes don't work for me at all
underneath my shiseido spf 55 lotion for the day
it's a creme with the lightness of a lotion.
it is paraben free
i like that this product doesn't have sunscreen
use this cream day
this moisturizer has been my saving grace
full of antioxidants - beneficial for skin.
was needing a moisturizer at the time
this moisturizer is amazing!!
the only thing is i wish it had sunscreen
caudalie's moisturizing cream is very good
great for aging, chemically sensitive skin.
this cream is light
its perfect for an purse moisturizer
i love this cleanser!
not dried after foaming type cleansers
a lot of other cleansers strip my face of oils
then followed with toner
i usually apply the cleanser to an exfoliating cotton pad
i would lather it on my face like a regular cleanser after using cleansing oil to remove my makeup
it is not a makeup remover
after using this cleanser
the cleanser is also gentle for my skin.
this is so refreshing and moisturizing.
i prefer using it in the morning because i like to use a more purifying cleanser at night
continue to my serums/moisturizers
i am prone to eczema
moisturized enough that i don't even need to slather on lotion after
the cleansing milk turned out to be my winter skin remedy
her acne is doing much better since we stopped the harsh foaming cleansers
this is similar to the korres milk cleanser
this cleanser is non drying and soothing.
i am enjoying this cleansing milk
then used boscia tsubaki cleansing oil-gel together with the sponge
ole henriksen herbal day cream in the morning
i like this cleansing milk
too moisturizing for me actually
prior to using the caudalie moisturizing toner
i rinse with water
i needed a gentle cleanser
then cleanse with facial wash
this cleanser is just for that purpose
i pair this with the vinosource moisturizer or josie miran argan oil
please don't buy this cleanser
balm or cleansing lotion is usually meant to be used after you remove makeup
then toner if you use one
creams that won’t strip my skin of its natural oils while cleansing
new products which contain polyphenol
c15 overnight detox oil
find daily moisturizers to be a hit-or-miss game
this is the only cleanser i use.
i enjoy this new version of the cleanser.
it is both a cleanser and treatment in one.
i got this cleanser in paris when i forgot my regular facial cleanser
however it's really moisturizing for my face
gentle but effective cleanser.
i'd been using the old formulation of caudalie's gentle cleanser for about 5 years
the cotton pad is a gentle exfoliation.
mproved since using this cleanser
as i'm trying to have an all in one facial cleanser it isn't my priority choice
bought them together with the tonic
want to make sure my skin gets the moisturizing
this cleansing gel save my life
all except waterproof mascara
i am devoted to this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
recently decided to go the route of gentle cleansers instead of anti acne products
the cleanser is non-greasy
it is a great morning cleanser or a leave on moisturizing cleanser after removing the makeup w/ caudalie's foaming cleanser or w/the cleansing water
afterwards i use a light moisturizer
this cleanser is mild but effective.
this cleanser accomplishes that
whenever i using foaming cleansers
i develop redness or hives with wheat based products or harsher cleansers
the charcoal cleanser the other 3
like many facial products have
omg it's such a good purifying cleanser without drying my skin out
usually purifying my pores requires me to sacrifice the moisture of my skin
my holy grail face cleanser!
this will be my work cleanser :-) thanks boscia !
use a toner/moisturizer to wrap things up.
i originally purchased this cleanser because i had keratin treated hair
wanted a face wash that was sulfate free should i get it on my hair line while washing
my hair is natural now
this cleaner gives me the purification i want without drying out my skin
i tried different bottles of cleansings
i also bought the charcoal cleanser by boscia
i used the boscia cleansing oil to remove makeup
this purifying cleansing gel has the perfect balance
as its unlike any other facial cleanser that i have used before
works great with their konjac sponge.
i love this cleanser!!
i love this cleanser.
which is sk-ii facial cleanse
i also use the moisturizer!
(note: i have combination skin.)
with acne-prone combination skin
i love this cleanser!
this cleansing gel works great.
this cleanser works very well to cleanse my summer skin
she recommended this cleanser
i like this cleanser
have found it hard to find a good 'natural' sulfate-free cleanser
i do use a makeup remover before using this.
i struggle from hormonal acne
with the konjac sponge
it does wonders for removing mascara
i wanted a product with natural ingredients
i still use makeup remover before
then i follow with my purity cleanser.
this is the first amino acid based cleanser i own
"acid" based cleanser isn't foamy
love this cleansing gel.
paired with boscia oil-free daily hydration spf 15
sunscreen really well without stripping your skin
i don't mind the applicator.
will be getting the moisturizer
perfect for combination skin with hormonal adult acne
the detoxifying black cleanser
i start with a cleansing oil
this product was recommended to me by a sephora employee along with the algenist purifying cleanser
f that's the case i recommend a makeup remover followed by a moisturizing face wash
unscented, which is great.
even though this is a gel cleanser i love the lather it produces
some gel cleansers leave you wondering if its working
because it is a gentle cleanser
this cleanser is gentle on my skin
i've had a bad history with facial cleansers.
cheaper than kate somerville's eradikate acne treatment
i am 41 which means i've tried a lot of different acne topicals in my day
i love the applicator
/or have some hormonal acne
moisturizing my face at night
in the morning after moisturizer
usually purchase spot treatments with some sort of salicyc acid
this is such a greta product!
i still use my regular cleanser
it is perfect for acne spot treatment
finally a gentle treatment that works on my adult acne
i get hormonal breakouts once a month.
i recommend that you blend it into your moisturizer
does not dry out the treatment areas like other non-botanical products do
who has combo skin
cures the acne gently
i can't use anything with salacylic acid or harsh peroxides
like many other acne spot-treatments
you can apply this after you put serum
i like that it uses natural ingredients
this is more of a preventative eye cream.
my goal is a preventative cream
tried this amino ag treatment
this is like a gel-cream
makes my concealer look better
i know that antioxidants
this makes the application of concealer easier.
just lotions and make up.
at the end of the day, it's $40 for lotion.
my concealer went on a lot smoother
lightweight, moisturizing, non-greasy.
this eye gel does a great job to moisturize
while i could overlook that part if the cream did a nice job of moisturizing
i love the way that this cream hydrates my eye area
it reduces them enough where i can use a regular liquid concealer versus a heavier cream product before using a highlighting concealer
this is very moisturizing
this eye cream helps to hydrate my dry undereye area
it is very moisturizing
this eye cream is moisturizing and gentle.
this eye gel/cream is very hydrating
i've tried many eye serums
i also like that you don't need to use too much of it daily since a small amount is super-moisturizing
moisturizing my sensitive skin is working great
sticky like other hydrating eye creams are
great stuff, very moisturizing.
the boscia enlivening amino-ag eye treatment was the right one for me
moisturize the eye area
there are pricier eye creams that can help with puffiness
over the years i have tried many eye moisturizers
after one pm use of this boscia amino-ag eye treatment
i tried this because it is paraben-free.
leaves the area prepped for concealer
it goes on smooth, absorbs and moisturizers.
you can use concealer
night facial creams were equally as good
please take your oil supplements 3
9 or coconut oils etc
i like the consistance of this eye moisturizer.
especially under-eye concealers
was very moisturizing compared to the many previous eye creams i've used
gels that don't do much for fine wrinkles
this product took care of puffiness
vitamin c rose oil
did this cream change my view on moisturizer!
this moisturizer def does more then any other moisturizer i have used
helped me with any fine lines from tanning
the cleanser isn't as moisturizing as i'd like it
it is not whitening any discoloration or hyperpigmentation
this cream is super moisturizing
which was moisturizing perfection
the moisturizing abilities are incredible.
primarily the 24 hour moisturizing
this 24 hr moisturizer is what i use during the day
my skin is acne prone
i hate dewy feeling moisturizers that leave a film
this product both moisturizes
absolutely love this moisturizing
i apply this cream
because it's so moisturizing
can get migraines from them
this product doesn't moisturize my skin
not the moisturizing ones
i used the serum with this moisturizer
i never do well with moisturizers
i like this moisturizer.
it's supposed to moisturize for 24 hours
i love this moisturizer!
bought the limited brightening beauties mainly for the exfoliating cleanser
does a good job moisturizing my dry skin i love it for the summer months
the heaviest of moisturizers doesn't work
i treated myself to a tub of this in 2014
i love this moisturizer.
this is the best moisturizing cream!
if it was unscented
as well as the greek yogurt moisturizer at night for me
hydrate my skin during the summer
this moisturizer is probably the best moisturizer i've found for underneath makeup for my makeup
most moisturizers i've used for my combo-dry skin make my skin look greasy
i wake up so moisturizer
the holy grail of under foundation moisturizers.
lots of vitamin c to do the trick
think the brightening part of the formulation works
it helps that i also use the night time facial moisturizer
i began using this moisturizer
great for use under mineral makeup
i find it to be very moisturizing for my skin type
have sort of glided by on my prescription acne medications for most of my life
i love this moisturizer for my day to day.
it is very moisturizing
this little tub of cream is such a treat.
i love this moisturizer!
very moisturizing during the night
wild rose 24-hr moisturizer really does hydrate
is so moisturizing at the same time
i tried a sample of korres' quercetin
it has a consistency similar to sunscreen.
not greasy yet it is very moisturizing
with patches of eczema in the winter
the woman in sephora recommended this lotion!
i apply the lotion generously at night
this works well as moisturizer am
my skin is combination
it's not overly moisturizing
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer.
this cleanser removes all of the leftovers
it feels very moisturizing
which is the 8 oz
including all my waterproof makeup
thanks purity i'm done with my prescribed panoxyl <3
this cleanser is a must-have!
treat your skin to this product
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser is so natural
this cleanser does it all.
the cleanser is gentle on the skin
this is my go to cleanser!
this cleanser is hydrating
i don't study chemicals
this is the cleanser for you
i've heard this product is amino acid based
after i use this i use my acne medication that is prescribed
you need this cleanser
this is my favourite cleanser of all time
makeup including my mascara
this cleanser has helped cleared my acne .
i wouldn't consider it to be a toner
this is your perfect basic cleanser.
so this cleanser does not have many moisturizing components
do recommend moisturizer after
this cleanser proved that
this cleanser is my go to
this cleanser does the trick.
i would invest more in toners
i follow with an exfoliating wash
i love everything about the purity cleanser!
herbal smell my skin is super soft with this wash
most cleansers burn my eyes
eye makeup is difficult as with all facial cleansers
it helps with acne
this facial cleanser removes makeup
mineral sunscreen off easily
which most cleansers do
i recommend following it up with the vinoperfect radiance serum by caudalie
i don't use this as a one step cleanser though i still use toner essence eye cream serum
other cleansers were harsh on my skin.
it is a non lathering cleanser.
this product is fibromyalgia
no acne since using this product
i've used this gentle cleanser for years
the botanical oils give it a light herbal scent that's refreshing
the sales rep recommended i try this cleanser
i would have realized this if i had used a toner to clean my face after washing it with the cleanser
this is the only cleanser i will use
it doesn't remove all my waterproof mascara
i look forward to washing with purity.
silicon exfoliating pad or mia 2 for a soft face
definitely wish it was more moisturizing
'll keep using n loading on that moisturizer
i love this cleanser
in combination with some benzoyl peroxide
i love this cleanser.
which i have experienced with other cleansers
this facial cleanser is gentle
i also use this cleanser along with hope moisturizer
this cleanser removes everything
i've never tried it with waterproof mascara
this cleanser has a long
i also used to use soap for treating acne
murad acne/anti-aging wash
when all there is to wash off is moisturizer
this facial cleanser is perfect
gel consistency - doesn't foam or lather.
yet 100% effective rinsing makeup
i've tried every cleanser under the sun
i tried using the murad acne cleanse before this
problem skin this gentle cleanser is so h
i changed to another murad cleanser
after washing my face with my new cleanser
my search is over for face cleanser.
i'll switch back the vitamin c cleanser
this gel cleanser gets the job done
way better than cliniques redness therapy line
this + the murad supplements + hope in a jar works wonders for me
i get alot of facial redness.
as a person who is allergic to all sorts of facial products
i've used it in combination with the murad redness treatment gel
ever since i discovered murad's redness therapy line
it is very important to use a moisturizer after useing this as well as sunblock
rosacea runs in my family
this cleanser is the best that i've found for cleaning my skin
mascara which i really needed
as far as the redness therapy
i also the redness solutions products by clinique
i tried it with the spray toner
put moisturizer on afterwards
moisturizers in the past year trying to help my skin
tried cleansers for that
the cleanser is so light
*i also purchased the murad redness therapy moisturizer too
i've tried many other cleansers
prescribed anti aging or acne treatment protocol
i love this cleanser.
have used so many products for rosacea-related redness
i tried this cleanser because i was experiencing areas of redness on my face
it controls the rosacea
the best facial cleanser i have found for my sensitivity
i've combined it with the murad gentle acne gel
it works well for my rosacea
i love this cleanser.
the only con is that murad doesn't have a set for the redness therapy collection
this cleanser leaves skin feeling firm
the redness lotion also works great.
redness it is best to use an acne treatment product too
both help sooth the redness/rosacea in my face
this gel cleanser is thick
i believe this product will reduce your redness
my absolute favorite facial cleanser!
while i've used other facial cleansers for sensitive skin in the past
this facial wash is perfect
sometimes 3 of the serum day
help with some hyperpigmentation
i also used the serum in combination with a derma roller
this is different than my last type of vitamin e
i can easily apply moisturizer or sunscreen after a short period of time
works well before morning or evening moisturizers
i am completely in love with this vitamin c facial serum by anthony
i also do use a daily face moisturizer with spf on top of the serum to help moisturize
this is my daily serum
in comparison to if i was using just a run of the mill drugstore moisturizer
love this one as a daytime serum with anti-oxidants
this is a nice serum.
i loved what the vitamin c did for my face
stability of the vitamin c in anthony's vitamin c facial serum
i want a serum rather than lotion.
my boyfriend have been using the spf 15 lotion for a year
this is now my favorite serum
just purchased the vit c serum.
i am using this serum every night
my husband really likes this serum.
after trying several different vitamin c serums
this stuff is moisturizing
my partner has never used facial products
i don't need as much concealer or powder.
bought this for myself because i'll try anything labelled vitamin a
the lotion does have a slightly medicinal smell to it though
the vitamin a treatment isn't sticky
make sure to exfoliate weekly
evening followed by moisturizer
definitely a must for your beauty regimen
keeps acne in check
fresh umbrian clay moisturizer during the day
in combo with the umbrian clay moisturizer
minus some hormonal acne
best of best: it has a touch of retinol
the sales rep gave me a sample of murad exfoliating acne treatment gel
i also went for a microdermabrasion facial as well
i only use this serum at night after i wash my face
use my toner- i then follow with my eye cream
tried murad exfoliating acne treatment gel which the sales rep sugguested to try so she gave me a sample
first after cleaning face apply regular serums then this product then regular moisturizers
i don't use sunscreen
i tried a clinique pore serum
although i do feel funny putting the active ingredient of antiperspirant on my face
this product contains an ingredient used in many antiperspirants
the toner is a nice touch
this product is a medication
which is very moisturizing
many acne products create rashes
this moisturizer paired with the kakadu c cleanser is the first time i have been acne free in 20 years
i can also wear my prescription cream underneath it
used this w murad serum for redness
aloe gel for a week
didn't like that the cortisone is a steroid
we apply this morning before the sunscreen
this is the perfect summer moisturizer!
the moisturizer is a gel-like cream
'm not slathering on concealer
breakouts while still moisturizing my skin
i discovered this cream in sephora while i was trying out creams for redness
i layer a moisturizer over it
or i use a lightweight moisturizer like fresh's lotus preserve over it minus the oil
sensitivity from acne treatments
this moisturizer is amazing.
my skin is combination.
i get all the hydration i need
especially from my topical medications
the cream is cooling
treatments with no luck until i found this miracle cream
no more painful hormonal breakouts once a month
creams from the dermatologist that never worked
this moisturizer almost completely got rid of my rosacea
the treatment i used from the dermatologist was expensive
i love that its so soothing an has hyaluronic acid
i love this moisturizer.
in conjunction with a serum
this moisturizer works amazing
i know that moisturizers aren't the treatment step
don't like heavy creams
overall wasn't as moisturizing as some of my products
it helps my redness
my hormonal skin was a mess-acne
moisturizes without any greasiness
i developed very painful hormone related cystic acne all over my face
as well as a gentle milk cleanser
usually a benzoyl peroxide spot treatment does the trick
i develop irritation to anything with argan oil in it
calm after applying this moisturizer
's dermatologist recommended this product to him to help calm the redness in his skin
this is the only product that i have found that calms my rosacea
i love the sanitary dispenser which keeps the cream pristene
any bacteria from my h
it is moisturizing and lovely.
i put it on under other moisturizers
intense pulsed light laser therapy
c moisturizes without causing breakouts
this cream is hydrating
i don't think i have rosacea.
germs i don't need
have tried tons of other moisturizers
ran out of my prescription meds
have tried everything from 'proactiv' to 'obagi' to 'pharmaceuticals' to prescription topicals
for anyone with rosacea
it moisturizes without adding to breakouts
it is my night time moisturizer
take medication for it
this with photo facials has kept my rosacea under control
i don't have true rosacea with a lot of redness
it definintely helps with blackheads
it's a lightweight non oily moisturizer that works well under my makeup
it is very moisturizing
this cream moisturizes without greasiness
better then prescription meds and lasers.
a bit more effort should be put into getting rid of that string of carcinogenic parabens that are in it
i would have to use hydrocortisone cream at times to calm down the perricone md effects
great moisturizer for my combo skin
a lifesaver that lives up to its name for rosacea sufferers
i do not have rosacea
don't have issues with rosacea
don't need to use doctor prescribed medicated creams
since even hypoallergenic creams sometimes do havoc to my skin type
the perfect lightweight anti-redness cream
just use with sunblock during the day
great to use over retinol at night if you have rosacea
which i like to describre as jalapeño face since some moisturizers irritate
thank goodness for this moisturizer!
nearly every moisturizer either stings my skin
or is not moisturizing enough
this moisturizer is soothing
i find it moisturizing
it works great under an eye concealer / highlighter
i only wish it was more moisturizing
i still need to apply an undereye moisturizer on top of this product
i like using a moisturizing eye cream at night because i don't find this product to be that moisturizing
this product moisturizes my eyes.
you need to use this formula with the radiance renewal serum
layer the eye cream over topf of the serum
it dried up my hormonal acne from pregnancy
this is a must have for acne prone combination skin
this bar is the solution to your acne
after my chemo treatments my skin started to get super oily
i rationed my just for acne treatment
organic products are always better for your skin than chemicals
or has vitamin c in it
i also got the umbrian serum
i've had three allergic reactions on my face
i get occasional hormonal acne flareups
the umbrian clay mattifying face exfoliant
i will spray my face with the rose water toner whenever the clay dries
blue herbal moisturizer for my very oily
after searching sephora for products to help with acne
follow with my soy cleanser
you can see oils
i alternate with the fresh umbrian clay exfoliant
also use clinique's new smart serum
all impurities in the skin
i follow up with josie maran argan oil
i wash my face with the soy face cleanser
most of the travel-sized liquid/foam/gel cleansers i've tried don't work for me
i like to turn my shower into a kind of sauna
i only get hormonal brake outs.
i do recommend that you buy a soap dish.
i did recently purchase boscia's cleansing oil to remove sunblock from my face before using this bar
i could not use fresh's soy face cleanser because my skin does not like one of the ingredients
the umbrian clay oil free face lotion after reading about the benefits of umbrian clay
the lotion are hg products for me
started using the purity cleanser
i just bought it thinking it's a clarifying facial soap
massage the product into the skin
was to keep on top of moisturizing
apply to my face like it is a stick of deodorant
there's no soap/sulfate effect to it.
-along with fresh soy face cleanser.
without the drying aspects of stronger acne cleansers that create havoc for eczema
i believe dermatologists call them whiteheads
once you apply moisturizer
most products i use are recommended by the dermatologist
i just have to apply moisturizer afterwards
it has helped with my acne prone skin
put my contact lenses in
i used with my foreo luna as an everyday cleanser
i can't comment on its effectiveness as a makeup remover as i use micellar water beforeh
not acne-prone skin
anything with salicylic acid
my favourite combo is this cleanser
whenever i consistently use the soy face cleanser
then i use this cleanser to cleanse my skin
this cleanser is not cruelty free
this cleanser is perfect on breakouts
doing the double cleanse with the soy milk first has made my skin look
it is my holy grail skin cleanser.
followed by witch hazel then moisturizer
i saw this cleanser
it cleanser off makeup in one wash.
compared to other facial cleanser i have to use two
i love this cleanser.
ie acne or pores
i've used a range of different cleansers from drugstore to luxury
using a acne face wash during the morning
including my waterproof mascara
my skin is combination
i used sephoras coconut wipes
moisturizer in the morning
i love this cleanser!
it doesn't lather like most cleansers
i prefer the fresh milk face cleanser
found myself to be allergic to a lot products
it consistently *loves* the soy face cleanser
i love this cleanser
i try other cleansers
it was extremely moisturizing
it works like an exfoliator with out the exfoliating lol
mascara like it was nothing
the soy face cleanser is great!
it even removes my waterproof mascara.
i decided to try out this cleanser
it does smell a bit of soy
it keeps my acne
most "gentle" cleansers shmear makeup around instead of actually removing it
fresh soy face cleanser is h
it doubles as a cleanser
i follow up with the rose serum
this is a soy-based product
not some chemical mixture with added fragrance
i think because of the spearmint
my skin is more matte
a portion of anthony proceeds go to prostate cancer research
it cleanses my skin better than ddf's sufur therapeutic mask
the texture is like a lotion
doesn't foam like other cleansers
moisturizer in one step
i also use a pump of the sephora eye makeup remover for mascara
it is perfect for when you don't wear mascara or eyeliner
is a little over moisturizing for my forehead
if i've used heavy-duty mascara i use a separate mascara remover first before cleaning my face
i also use the matching toner, which i love.
any other cream cleanser
this is the most mattifying moisturizer i've ever used
since switching to this cleanser
i really like the suction aplication technique
with a mattifying lotion or corrector
in the summer i switch to the clarins chamomile no-alcohol toner
i used the oily skin version of this cream cleanser
not so great with waterproof mascara
i will probably go back to my exfoliating facial wash once my skin can h
i don't use this as a cleanser
follow through with toner
i decide to go to sephora in search of a moisturizing cleanser that could work with my sensitive skin after one night that i decided to r
omly borrow one of my friend's cleanser
a post-product toner would probably do the trick
skin-loving cleansing milk
this cleanser offers my combination skin a perfect balance of cleansing
condition your facial skin
can be left on like a moisturizer since it has all natural ingredients
i love this cleanser!!
of all the cleansers i have tried
do try this cleanser
the herbs in the product help soothe redness or tightness in the skin
while it is a non-foaming cleanser
it is completely water soluble
or just use a powder on top of the moisturizer itself
this moisturizer keeps me matte all day.
lush's tea tree toner it helps my acne
this is an ideal moisturizer for combination oily skin anf can be used for normal/dry skin if you are trying to achieve a matte texture on your skin
very moisturizing for me at least.
it appears to be a balm formula
taking into account how moisturizing this is i'm surprised it's somewhat matte
i'd much rather use the moisturizing benefits alone
had tried this in comparing it with the glowstarter illuminating moisturizer
i absolutely swear by this moisturizer as a daily am moisturizer
when i ran out of acne cream
it's thicker than most moisturizers
i've never used a matte moisturizer
i must say it's one of the best hydrating moisturizer for a combination to oily skin
this is plenty moisturizing for me
hydrates the perfect amount.
helps keep the oils in place & hydrates my skin.
using my old moisturizer
i like this matte moisturizer and will buy again.
wish it had sunscreen.
not only does it moisturize my skin
some moisturizers make me look more oily
this product is not extremely moisturizing
this moisturizer is amazing for my combo oily skin
this moisturizer is amazing!
this is the perfect daytime moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer
sensitive skin from psoriasis
just a little of my bareminerals acne fighting concealer
minus the healing acne
i literally slather on my moisturizer
while my face was moisturizer
it not only moisturizer
finally found a moisturizer that is effective
can be used as a moisturizer
it's moisturizing enough to take care of my dryness
honestlyi have tried 50 different moisturizers in my life
picked four or so moisturizers as samples to try for purchasing
when i say i've tried hundreds of face creams
i only wear concealer
i am obsessed with this moisturizer!
some days i pair it with my belif serum
is very moisturizing to my dry winter skin
i've even used this as a moisturize for days where i just wear mascara
either over a toner or serum or something else to help it glide over the skin better
it lasts longer than my other moisturizers
i love this serum
used with the moisturizer
i love these products i'm more a fan of the serum it's improved my skin
along with the moisturizing sorbet
this serum is a life saver.
this serum made my skin moisturized
this serum is my go to.
hydrates my skin like nothing ever has
this is such a fab serum!
treatments always cause my skin to breakout
not wearing sunscreen as a teenager
my skin is so much soother
this serum is wonderful!
the serum said that it would help with dark spots
i've only been using this serum for only a month
i apply this serum to my face after cleansing before bed
i follow with murad's skin perfecting lotion
i've started using both serum
i've yet to have a pimple from using this serum
lays a great foundation for moisturizers
i wouldn't say its moisturizing for combo skin
did not apply a moisturizer after
i did really enjoy this serum
this serum has helped out a lot
my prescription acne solution wasnt working
the moisturizer combined really helped to clear my pms acne
this serum helped my skin come back to life.
it helps with my acne
i tried a lot of serum in the past，seriously a lot
it is too heavy for me as a day time serum
use it as a night serum as an added boost to my moisturizer
this serum is no exception.
etc with different vitamin c serums
i definitely recommend this serum for helping your skin glow
as soon as i applied the serum
), but this serum is truly amazing.
this serum not only cleared up
follow with this serum
for my sunscreen when i'm not wearing makeup
as face makeup and sunscreen.
remember this : go buy this serum
after using this product for one week in conjunction with the beauty elixir
will most certainly be buying this serum
instant detox mask in full sizes
this serum hydrates without oiliness
night after cleansing with coconut oil
this caudalie serum is the bomb.
that was until i started using his serum
the serum does not coat your face like most do
instead it leaves a moisturizing finish on your skin that leaves your dry skin moisturized
i went from caking on make up to even it all out to only applying some bronzer
i got it as part of the birthday set with the sorbet moisturizing cream
this serum has completely neutralized my skin
it is more of a detox than a breakout in my opinion
i am in love with this great serum
i received this along with the vinoperfect moisturizing sorbet in the trial sizes for my free birthday sample
i got this product along with the caudalie vinosource moisturizing sorbet for my free birthday gift from sephora yesterday
it makes me skin glow and it's very moisturizing.
before moisturizing every night
this serum is simply amazing.
feels great because of the serum
i am almost out of the serum
of skin care i use
use with the moisturizer in the same line
i love using this product on my winter skin because it moisturizes
the sorbet moisturizer goes great with this product under makeup during the day
a sephora rep recommended this serum since i was concerned of how i was having sun spots
the moisturizer for only a week
amazed by this serum!
the moisturizing sorbet morning
i feel like this serum protects my skin's moisture from the cold
since i began using the combination of this serum with the moisturizer
this serum is amazing!
i got this serum in a sample size along with the caudalie vinoperfect radiance sorbet moisturizer from sephora for my beauty insider birthday gift
alongside the sorbet moisturizer
i layer this one with the resveratrol serum as well for lifting an fine lines
purchased this serum to even my skin tone
i also use the matte moisturizer
along with the moisturizing sorbet
there have been nights where i haven't felt the need to put on moisturizer after the serum
i put this on before my moisturizer
what's more is this serum is very moisturizing.
soft serum cools my skin down
was previously using a kate somerville exfoliator
i love this cleanser!
i tried masks and oils and exfoliators.
love how this product has tiny exfoliating beads that help with cleansing the skin
i treat this product as an exfoliator
smooth for the many layers of serum
i feel like the day is thoroughly washed away with this facial cleanser followed by the toner
i prefer this cleanser to the moisturizing clarins cleanser
might be a bit more then some facial cleansers
one of the best exfoliating cleansers!
as an exfoliator it does its job
but i do love this exfoliator!
this is a great exfoliation cleanser.
all i need is a facial oil for a moisturizer
refreshing face scrub perfect for an everyday use to remove the sebum
impurities on the skin
does exfoliate the face
this exfoliating cleanser fits me well
i find most cleansers
even without the exfoliating component
my makeup looks better after exfoliating
combo skin with little to a lot of acne ?
remember to use moisturizer afterwards
a lot of cleansers tend to give me hives
for someone who likes using abrasive exfoliant
i love this cleanser
it has just the right amount of exfoliation for me
just remember to use a toner
i love this cleanser!
it helps with my redness
this was my first time purchasing clarins gentle exfoliiating facial cleanser
this refreshes my skin everyday
the exfoliating beads leave my skin soft
leave you with a clean moisture spa leveled feelings
the texture changes to a foamy cleanser
this cleanser is no exception
this is my favorite face wash/exfoliator!
also try it with the clarins toning lotion
my skin type is dry/normal with hormonal acne.
gentle exfoliator that has the best smell of any facial product out there
the exfoliating is refreshing
i wanted a bit more exfoliating from this cleanser
i previously used an exfoliating cleanser from isomers
i just want a little more exfoliating
it never triggers any skin allergy
this facial cleanser truly is gentle
the exfoliating facial cleanser in the morning
the exfoliation is perfect for my normal combination skin
the particles in the exfoliating facial are super fine- very soft
super moisturizing as well.
this is my go to facial cleanser on days that i'm not using a mask
love this exfoliating cleanser!!!
this is by far the best exfoliating cleanser on the market
after adding this exfoliating scrub into my daily routine
i initially tried this because i am a sucker for exfoliating
anything that has the word exfoliating i want to try
i love this cleanser!
exfoliating without being harsh
it's a nice facial cleanser
when i had a chance to receive the one-step gentle exfoliating facial cleanser as a beauty insider award
it has sugar-feeling exfoliants
murad took out the moisturizing beads so now their cleansing cream face wash is still nice
i am obsessed with this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
make my face feel cleaner than other facial cleansers
i like this cleanser
clarins one-step exfoliating facial cleanser is gentle
the lady convinced me to use this exfoliating cleanser at least once a week
this exfoliating cleanser always find a spot in the shower
this is such a great exfoliating cleanser.
this is a good mild cleanser with a gentle exfoliant
the exfoliating particles left my skin smoothed
i've tried most of the exfoliating cleansers
i wish it had a little more grains/beads for exfoliation
the gel is cooling
this gel is lightweight
it takes care of the puffiness
i do wish it was a tad more moisturizing
i tried tons of eye creams/gels
when allergy hits or my eczema flares up
this gel is not moisturizing
i love this cleanser!
or too much salt in my diet
my usual cerave healing ointment around the eyes is better hydration
i must be allergic to certain ingredients in some eye creams
no under eye concealer
this is the holy grail of eye remedies for wrinkles
i've tried a ton of eye creams
works very well under concealer
2 oz version of this in a kit
this one is super moisturizing
it was a good moisturizer
i've tried so many department store eye creams
it says only an eye serum
after trying countless eye creams
it moisturizes the eye area
my skin is combo
i like using a beauty blender
the scent is therapeutic
moisturizers my face on the long run
which is very moisturizing
i wish it was unscented.
i apply a pea size on top of my moisturizer
i've never been much of a moisturizer or primer user
that primer can really help keep makeup from being ruined by greasy sunscreen
i just use this moisturizer
i apply it after moisturizer
feel of my facial skin
used it as a quick go-to moisturizer one day
sometimes i'll tap a little bronzer powder into it
after applying my makeup
one of which was concealer
i used this balm as a moisturizer last winter
not as a substitute for a richer winter moisturizer
i now use it after applying my bi-weekly facial mask
it also did not cause me to break out like some moisturizing products
i apply a super thin layer of sunblock to my face
i love this moisturizer!
i believe the caudelie beauty elixir gave me acne
i will never use another moisturizer!
if you like it to use it as a lotion you would have to apply that after your regular moisturizer
don't rub it in like a moisturizer.
this has taken the place of my usual serum
more skin light reflecting beauty creams
ysl touche eclate for concealer under eye etc
so - more facial skin care and less make up.
i wear this flash balm underneath my tinted bb cream or tinted moisturizer as a moisturizer/primer
using clarins flash balm after my anti-wrinkle cream
i apply after my sunblock
i've not used it as a masque
it serves as an extra moisturizer
my method is as follows: i cleanse
pat on a bit of sunscreen containing moisturizer
works well under my nars tinted moisturizer
i love using this product over my usual moisturizer or just before my tinted moisturizer
like this with some concealer under my eyes
a great product that moisturises
i put it on over my moisturizer
perfect for rehydrating your skin
i tried it under a tinted liquid bronzer
adore the eye-lift serum
lightening effects this balm gives me
i put it on after my moisturizer
y have any beneficial antioxidants
i paired this cleanser with my clarisonic evening routine
i used my favorite serum
tried different types of facials
this product has done wonders for my acne prone skin
the little bit of exfoliation i get
this is my cleanser for summer time
this is my 4th bottle of this cleanser
since it is a medicated face wash
t's microdermabrasion you will see even better results
i love this cleanser.
t products for everything from cleansing to toning to moisturizing
i am also using the flaws no more triple peptide cream as my night time moisturizer
it smells very medicinal but also clean.
i love this cleanser.
at night i follow it up with pores no more anti-aging mattifying lotion
the cleanser is a bit pricey
i still recommend using makeup remover first.
use other acne products
i like this cleanser.
i also use the moisture cream.
the foaming action is amazing.
i love this cleanser.
i can use moisturizer or not with this
moisturizing without oily sensation
i gave the cleanser a try
i really like this facial cleanser.
especially when combined with the pores no more anti aging mattifying lotion
i wanted to try the top three cleanser/moisturizers to find my fav
it's effective, but yet moisturizing!
this is the perfect moisturizer for anyone with combo/ oily skin
i've tried a few prescription creams
while combating my acne
its thicker than just a normal lotion
this cream is moisturizing without leaving a greasy after-feel or mid-day shine
i wanted to try the top three cleanser/moisturizers to find my fav
if i use it, i do as a nighttime creme.
i just take this with any elixir or almond oil
now i don't have to use a toner in between
a definite for night time moisturizer.
my only complaint: it smells a little medicinal
this product works great on facial keratosis pilaris
it does have a slight medicinal smell
i tried wearing a tinted moisturizer with this
with it's salicylic acid to exfoliate
the after sun greek yogurt cooling gel offers instant relief
pm moisturizer all year long
i could actually see the sebum
since this has no sunscreen
unlike creams that are meant as night creams
it's very soothing and is very moisturizing.
hydrating when i need it to be
my husband said it smells "medicinal."
it mattifies-which is what i need in a moisturizer
it smells quite medicinal
i actually use it in the morning under my tinted moisturizer
it's kind of like a heavy serum
is moisturizing without the stickiness you might associate with aloe vera gel products
also great as a regular after-sun/body lotion.
i now use this product before i ever reach for aloe
this worked so much better than aloe
it was so much better than aloe
it doesn't seem to help tone down the sunburn as much as aloe does
it has a light moisturizing effect.
unlike plain aloe gel
aloe gel wasn't really helping
moisturizing which is just what your skin needs after prolonged sun exposure
i am not the greatest at remembering to reapply my sunscreen
i would say it is better at healing a burn than aloe
this cooling gel has the same smell as the yoghurt night facial treatment product
this is great on a sunburn
the gel is moisturizing
the smell can be a bit off putting as the product smells like concentrated yogurt
this is truly a healing lotion.
it is very moisturizing
not sticky like aloe gel.
as it's not really ultra moisturizing
i liked the formulation
i suggest it as a soothing agent for sunburns
this gel is cooling
it's better than aloe gel
isn't sticky like aloe gel is
this korres gel is $23 for 5 oz
i generally use bosica gel in the morning with origins spf 35 cream to make it more blendable
i recommend chilling this gel in the fridge for a cooling
this cooling yoghurt lotion is a summer must in my home
even when using sunscreen
we've tried multiple after-sun lotions in the past
doesn't stick to clothing like aloe
my bottle is not the gel
especially if your tired of the aloe stick.
the sunscreen has done it's job
even though the sunscreens also have moisturizing properties
i am still using this gel a week later to maintain my tan
works better than aloe vera!
it's definitely much better than regular aloe vera
this is sooo much better than aloe after sun exposure
aren't quiiiite careful enough with your sunscreen
yoghurt is calming for the skin
i love this lotion.
all i have to do is apply this lotion after a shower
tried a generic aleo gel
don't stop using aloe
i like to use korres yoghurt cooling gel in the summer
as it's very moisturizing
it works better than aloe vera gel in soothing the skin after sunburn
i love this as my morning moisturizer
i typically follow-up with an application of a more emollient moisturizer
started using it as a moisturizer
i love this gel.
it is cooling and hydrating.
the cooling gel refreshes
i will not use aloe again.
since i don't go out without sunscreen
figured i'd try the cooling gel
makes aloe look like a joke.
sometimes miss a few spots when applying sunscreen while at the beach
this cream is excellent for after a day on the beach or for itchy allergy skin
was basically all out of the soy-multivitamin lotion i used to use
was out for something new that wasn't an aloe gel since my skin never absorbs that stuff
the korres yoghurt cooling gel went on like a lotion
korres yoghurt cooling gel really works.
i found it to be a lot more effective then aloe alone
someone at sephora recommended this yogurt gel
which is *great* for sunburns
this lotion is a life saver
i don't use this as an after sun treatment
i wear sunscreen every day
i applied this cream-gel all over before bed
got this to take to cancun in case of sunburn because i hate the menthol smell of most after-sun lotions
this cooling gel is amazing.
this yogurt gel is lotioney.
i love this gel.
peeling skin this is the moisturizer for you
moisturizing layer on my face
it works like magic at keeping my skin moisturizer
literally my holy grail moisturizer.
i prefer the l'occitane shea light 5% shea
t isn't filled with chemicals or preservatives
i go through tubs of moisturizers every year
have tried many moisturizers in the past
hydrating at the same time
it is an okay moisturizer.
this moisturizer just won't quit.
us allergic to a lot of products
it's very moisturizing and absorbs well.
as a result it is not as easy to apply as a creamy moisturizer
except the monthly hormonal breakout
i usually use clinique or shiseido moisturizer
moisturizing at a very affordable price
this is my new love for everyday skin moisturizer
it is a very rich, very moisturizing cream.
i love this moisturizer!
it hydrates all day
you need to try this moisturizer
although it may not have phyto-whatever or microcirculating properties
this is my first time using a l'occitane moisturizer
i wear this over the fabulous serum
i wish it were even more moisturizing
acne medications can leave skin very dry
i love this moisturizer.
cure your dry skin with this amazing moisturizer.
with the winter months i need to upgrade from my usual moisturizers: the super coconut moisturizer
had to try the lotion too
very moisturizing, without being greasy.
moisturizers my dry skin
hydrate for up to 12 hours
i don't have to reapply moisturizer mid-day
this moisturizer is amazing.
i like it especially i juse rosewater to put this cream on my face
b vitamins i now have beautiful skin again
who also has rosacea
many lines of products to try to hydrate my skin
i love this moisturizer.
very moisturizing but non-greasy.
this creme is deluxe--i do not know the ingredients beyond the shea
this is the best moisturizing cream i've ever used
i am prone to acne
very moisturizing but doesn't clog pores.
i've tried a lot of different moisturizers in my lifetime
sensitive skin that cannot tolerate chemicals or exfoliating anti-aging ingredients
found it to be exceptionally moisturizing
perfect moisturizer for harsh winters.
it's a good facial moisturizer for the winter.
mix with this moisturizer
i need this moisturizer since mine's almostrunning out
n the summertime i have to put an spf separately before this moisturizer
this was the only moisturizer that healed my skin
i decided to try this rich cream because all of my previous moisturizers for combination/oily skin did not help my cheeks
i hunt for this lotion
he always steals my lotion
says it's moisturizing without being greasy
doesn't like to use over the counter lotions
i love putting this lotion on after a workout.
unfortunatly he is allergic to soy topically
lotion on the market
it's nice and lightweight and moisturizing.
great after shower body lotion.
so this lotion is ideal for him
my man loves the lotion
lotion is scented like cologne
i didn't used to moisturize
it's a moisturizer with some cooling in it.
it's moisturizing effects last all day
this murad vitamin c infused overnight face moisturizer smells delicious
i do believe that the moisturizer is helping to gently brighten my skin
control my combination acne
i still hope to find a perfect anti-aging moisturizer that will help my skin be less oily
combined with a rejuvenating serum
it's very moisturizing without being greasy or breaking me out
this is a super expensive moisturizer
in the am i use the pomergranite moisturizer
this night formulation is less hydrating
use a little moisturizer from the other murad lines
acne lotion strips my skin
i love the way both creams hydrate
pigment lightening serum before going to bed
i like that in a night moisturizer
i used combine with the night serum it's amazing the results
follow with this moisturizer at night
this moisturizer takes care of all of the above
moisturizing without being greasy.
love the vitamin c
other than the hydrating benefits
i love this night moisturizer.
i usually have to use oil free gels.
since my dermotologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i also apply acne-fighting treatments at bedtime
i love the quality of these murad vitamin c products
worry about getting blemishes from moisturizers
i needed a good anti-aging moisturizer.
the vitamin c gives it a slight orange fragrance
this moisturizer is not heavy
i've tried a lot of the top moisturizers
my mineral powder acts as my spf naturally
i've tried many night time moisturizers
i love this moisturizer during the winter.
i found it to be a bit more moisturizing
this is a great lightweight moisturizer.
the moisturizer is the first i have found that contains sunscreen
i also love the cleanser
skin lightening serum that is included in the murad essential c line
this is a suitable daytime sunscreen.
a sunscreen for my face
i keep the moisturizer as part of my daily routine
i used this as touch up coverage in addition to my regular sunscreen
i love that it contains vitamin c
is also very moisturizing
i used this moisturizer at night
like most sunscreens do
i can tell it will be moisturizing enough for winter time too
this is my every day moisturizer.
this is the best non-greasy sunscreen moisturizer i have found so far
it doesn't smell like sunscreen at all
shiny the way that regular sunscreen does
this moisturizer really penetrates the skin
i really like this sunscreen that it has vit c in it
moisturizing on my dry skin
since it contains vitamin c
a sunscreen is needed after use.
there are no sulfates or phthalates
like more concentrated vitamin c
i am still trying to find my favorite sunscreen
my skin looks much "dewier" from the moisturizer
i love this sunscreen/ moisturizer.
has a lingering sunscreen scent
improvement on my post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation
not super heavy sunscreen
even with built in sunblock
i loved this daytime moisturizer
it is moisturizing all day long
this does not look too white on my face like a lot of other sunscreen moisturizers
this moisturizer provides spf without feeling chalky
i noticed am putting less on than when i first used it b/c this moisturizer really balances skin hydration
the essential c moisturizer is wonderful even though the sunscreen occassionally burns my eyes if the products gets to close
this moisturizer/sunscreen combo smells
it's the only moisturizer with sunscreen that i will use
i received a sample of this sunscreen
great light moisturizer for everyday use.
i love murads line of acne moisturizers
by no means is it an acne treatment
i've tried tons of spf moisturizers as acne is a big problem for me
this does the trick without any interference with my acne lotions
since my dermatologist started me on retin a micro
i highly recommend it as a daily sunscreen
that usually happens with spf infused moisturizer
this is a great everyday moisturizer with spf!
this moisturizer is light-weight & smells great.
combined with the repair creams
it still smells like sunscreen
i love this product for when i need a heavier moisturizer
a nice change from sunscreen smell
this product provided great sunscreen
it doesn't smell like typical sunscreen
my skin has loved murad's essential-c day moisturizer
i won't wear a day moisturizer without spf
because i wear powder foundation
this moisturizer is light
fragrance free every day moisturizer
i also love that it has sunscreen.
wear every-day face lotion -- with spf
the giant mix bag of sunscreen seohora comes out with in the spring
doesn't smell like the usual sunscreen
does double duty as moisturizer
this could be a good daily sunscreen for their face
if you need a sunscreen
need an intense moisturizer
i prefer murad for its antioxidant benefits most of the time
i love that it is a moisturizer
sunscreen in one product
in the winter it is my go-to moisturizer
this is a lightweight moisturizer with the added bonus of spf 30 protection
other than zinc oxide or titanium dioxide
i'll pay the price for a sunscreen that allows my face to remain matte yet moisturized
i love this moisturizer!
because now i have found the ultimate moisturizer/sunscreen that has solved my problems within the last week
bought the kit with the cleanser
vitamin c is the key ingredient here
along with the antioxidants
pigment lightening gel at night the results are good
the vitamin c is definitely brightening
the other products in this vitamin c line are awesome
i also use the step 2 vitamin c
i love this cleanser.
i do use korres day/night creams with this cleanser as i find that murad moisturizers are not hydrating enough for me
when paired with the essential c moisturizer
the vitamin-c in this product helped my skin greatly
this cleanser along with it' matching serum
their topical acne spot treatment works wonders as well
i can wash my face with this cleanser
not have to immediately put on a serum or moisturizer because it does not dry
i found this cleanser to speed up the healing process
i love this cleanser.
we use a silicone face scrubbie from sephora
i love the murad essential-c cleanser.
i do use the vitamin c serum by murad at night as well
very gentle and exfoliating cleanser.
love this cleanser with vitamin c.
use the cleanser all over
i like using one cleanser for both.
i love this product as a full body cleanser in the shower
my number one cleanser.
citrus-scented cleanser with tiny exfoliating beads
essential-c cleanser is a great
i would reccomend this cleanser for any type of skin
vitamin c is such a wonderful thing for your skin
murad seential-c cleanser is an excellent cleanser
only facial cleanser i use
this is a great facial cleanser.
i love this cleanser
the active radiance serum
will continue my *perfect* regimen :
use the cleanser alone
i love this cleanser
i love this cleanser!
i started using this product to help hydrate my combination
i love this cleanser!!
i follow up with it's toner
i really love this facial cleanser.
vitamin c is great for brightening your skin as i have been told
if you're really serious about ridding acne scars it's worth investing in products containing vitamin c
i am enjoying this cleanser
my dermotologist told me that i needed to use products containing vitamin c antioxidants
the essential-c cleanser in the mornings
light weight, rinses well.
lots of great vitamin contents for skin.
i would rate it as high as the arbonne vitamin c cleanser
this product is a great daily cleanser.
only advice would be to use some kind of exfoliant once a week in addition
i first tried this cleanser in their vitamin c starter kit
i now use the murad vitamin c line cleanser
love the little exfoliating beads.
if you like this cleaner it's a great alternate with murad aha/bha exfoliating cleanser for a total skin cleansing package
i wouldn't say it's a moisturizing type cleanser
i love this cleanser.
i look forward to getting the toner and lotions.
this is an amazing day moisturizer
before this moisturizer he was using basic skin cream
he's been on a search for a lightweight moisturizer
in the summer i switch this out with the antony moisturizer with spf
bought the facial cleanser
a moisturizer is still recommended
there is retinol in it
i hate greasy lotion.
this facial cream is light yet effective
part of the proceeds of my purchase went to prostate cancer research
clinique m-gel lotion before
i got this for my boyfriend who is a facial moisturizer newbie
how moisturizing it is
i used it more like a serum than a cream
the next day after using their exfoliator
chemical exfoliator i began using ptr retinol nightly
i am now trying other moisturizers.
this is so moisturizing
love the wrinkle revenge facial cleanser
this cream is a problem
i needed a moisturizer for everyday use
i can now wear a lighter concealer if any at all!
yet it is very moisturizing.
the philosophy purity face wash are my two staple skin care products
within a week of using the dermadoctor revenge facial cream
this moisturizer is a bit thicker than what i am used to
philosophy's moisturizer is more of a serumy type moisturizer than a lotion
other moisturizers make my sensitive skin break-out
before using this moisturizer
this is the best facial cream i've tried.
don't use this for wrinkles
although i have acne
it also goes well with acne products containing salicylic acid
i've tried tons of different moisturizers
i needed a moisturizer to combine with the glow system from dr
i love the texture and hydration of this product.
i did use the serum
this has a very strong moisturizing effect.
i love this moisturizer!
it is very moisturizing, but not oily.
one thing to note is that i use it with a serum as well
however it is not very moisturizing
treats fine lines/wrinkles
i also recommend the eye cream.
wrinkle revenge facial cream is a soothing
...as some of the $120 creams in the store.
this moisturizer is mild
more preventive than curative, i guess.
it's deeply hydrating and moisturizing.
i love eye creams
this is lighter, but still moisturizing.
i put this on before work with the photodynamic eye lotion
i've tried a lot of eye creams over the years
i wanted to start using an eye cream for preventative measures
i tried sheseido's eye cream
i got this to add to my aging skin care regimen
heavy like a lot of under eye moisturizers i have tried
i am merely looking to hydrate my undereye
this eye cream has more of a balm consistency
it does help the puffiness.
have tried a lot of eye creams to reduce the bags
non- greasy so your eyeshadow
it's moisturizing and goes great under make up.
now looking back i think it was so moisturizing that my eyeliner
this product not only moisturizes
so right now i'm using this during the day following perricone's acyl glutathione eye
the unwrinkle at night with a dior sorbet eye moisturizer that i love
especially now during allergy season
am always on the lookout for a "holy grail" eye wrinkle treatment
great moisturizer for combination/oily skin
clarins eye contour balm which al
this cream at night
it is a really moisturizing treatment
i like that it's very moisturizing but not slimy.
it's a greatlight moisturizer for the eye area
she has aging skin
on the quest for the holy grail of eye creams
when i use this cream
this cream is very moisturizing.
as eye creams go though
your concealer will go on smooth
except for products containing retinoids
i put on concealer on top
a treat for the skin
hydrate the eye area-- algenist
this eye cream is the bomb
this eye cream is my holy grail
absorbs quickly into the eye area while moisturizing at the same time
it is a good moisturizer
i normally use eye creams just for some hydration
i alternate with shiseido benefiance wrinkleresist24 which is fabulous for moisturizing with no aggravation of sensitive eyes
hydrating on the skin
i tried several expensive creams-
it has helped with firmness and hydration.
as an allergy sufferer
prone to the dark allergy under eye circles
i've tried many eye creams
my concealer and mascara stay on fine.
this is not a moisturizer however.
has an herbal smell that goes away quickly.
i’ve been using murad’s “essential-c eye cream spf 15” for some time
as many creams do
i usually do botox.
i dont think of getting botox again this cream really works
i am using the eye cream daily
one of the best creams i've tried for reducing puffiness
gels are too drying
this cream does a good job moisturizing
it is moisturizing as well
the description for this oil free facial lotion states that it has spf in it
i like the moisturizer for my man
light-weight lotion that is hydrating
read that it contains parabens
the glycolic cleaners advertises very clearly the lack of additives so assumed this would be the same
before bed after using the algae facial cleanser
now the unscented version smells like wood ash :s
uses this oil free facial lotion by anthony logistics
it is the best facial lotion i have tried
this is a great moisturizer that has a very light natural fragrance you only notice when applying
i bougt this lotion for my husb
plus it has spf
seriously dehydrated skin due to my medications
tried using the body shop's tea tree mattifying moisturizer to control it
after a week of using moisturizers
glamglow's hydrating mask with no progress
helps reduce my acnes redness
have only tried farmacy honey potion
helped with what i assumed was "hormonal" acne
i followed with an intense moisturizer for even more hydration
cliniques facial soap bar is gentle
exfoliate at the same time- this is it
apply it after bath
the essential oil smell makes you feel having a spa
manual exfoliation just wasn't doing it for me
sometimes after a detox/deep-cleansing mask
this is the only hydrating mask i have tried
the enzymes in this mask definitely do the trick.
moisturize all at the same time
never makes my skin sting from the live enzymes
on the go cleanser which i sponge on with a konjac sponge
protect the truth sunscreen
i've tried everything from fresh soy exfoliator to dior
after i take it off i put on claudalie radiance serum at night
this mask provides just the right amount of exfoliation for my sensitive skin
moisturizers is a win on combination skin
it has enzymes to exfoliate
it's more moisturizing than a lot of face masks at higher price point
but it's very good for moisturizing.
i do not need to moisturize after using this product
i feel like i've had an amazing enzyme mask treatment when i use it
i'd say it's similar to pomegranate exfoliating mask by murad
this is hydrating and soothing.
creamy gel that skin just drinks it up
moisturizers it well without making it greasy
i love this mask for hydrating.
it goes on like an aloe gel
i am an eczema sufferer
tried out this mask after a sephora salesperson recommended it for exfoliation
after using an alpha beta face peel
when the go to sleep i slather this one
dennis gross colloidal sulfur mask on all night
then i apply the truth serum collagen booster.
it is natural without synthetic ingredients.
this is very moisturizing
i do like a masque when i take my weekly decadent tub soak
i also found a reduction in blackheads
it feels like pure aloe vera gel
hydrating mask is not a one time use.
very nice product for exfoliating and hydrating.
the real benefit is the aromatherapy
this moisturizer is amazing!!!
just clean moisturizer that masks the symptoms of rossaca
bought this product after searching for a moisturizer that will not only moisturize
all my facial products are made by ptr
night moisturizer all winter
this moisturizer is indeed *mega-rich*
i've tried many moisturizers more
i try so many different moisturizers
i live for this moisturizer!
this truly is an ultra-moisturizing creme that makes my dry
i like to really use something moisturizing
i've tried using all the "over the counter" moisturizers
i've also tried many of the moisturizers at sephora
they weren't moisturizing enough
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer fixed the problem!
this moisturizer fixed the problem
this moisturizer is so effective
this cream is fabulous after the clinical peel
hydrating cream with no scent
i don't appreciate strong scent on moisturizing cream
it is the thickest most moisturizing creme i have ever used
it is very moisturizing
as a moisturizer for dry skin
this is my first day of using this moisturizer
the best moisturizing creme i've ever used
this creme is very moisturizing and absorbs well.
here in nv we need moisturizing has much as we can get in the winter
i am an anti-aging cream junkie
combined with the serum
plus don't cause acne.
try the ptr 10% glycolic moisturizer
for that reason i always used ultra light facial moisturizers so as not to clog pores
bc most moisturizers dry into my skin
after three years of searching for that perfect moisturizer
the anti aging cellular creme has brought my winter blah complexion back to life
under ptr 24hr moisturizer
the oxygenating mask for valentine's day
it is highly moisturizing
i love this moisturizer!
this is the only moisturizer that i have found that really hydrates my face
i find it "plumping
am using this with the glycolic acid
this is a luxurious and effective moisturizer.
doesn't disrupt my concealer application
anti-aging cleansing gel
drank in this creme
wrinkle reducing creme for all skin types
eye creams naturally travel
night time moisturizers i'm going to make the change
needed something that moisturizes all day
i've tried a good share of eye serums
comparing a ton of eye creams ingredients
daily moisturizing/wrinkle reduction-- on my upper lip
is like the consistency of a balm
all the other creams just burn my skin
i've used two pots of the ptr mega rich anti-aging cellular eye creme now
the bad: my undereye area requires use of concealer
i still prefer the perricone hypoallergenic firming eye cream for lightening the dark circles
neither the ptr nor the perricone hypoallergenic are as good at wrinkle reduction as the shiseido benefiance wrinkle resist 24
the benefiance is too moisturizing for use under my concealers
it is super hydrating
this product lives up to its name- very moisturizing
i wanted something extra moisturizing for nighttime during winter
previously tried murad antiaging products
mixes with concealer to provide a smooth finish.
i want to rave about this healing cream.
this is a very thick cream and very moisturizing.
this is the most moisturizing eye cream
this eye cream is very moisturizing.
this eye cream is consistently reliable in moisturizing my dry skin around the eyelids
love it with am retinol
this cream diminishes my light wrinkles
feel i have tried a multitude of creams
makes it pill a bit
compared to other eye creams
low for an eye cream that is really moisturizing
it's moisturizing but still soothing.
my dermatologist said to drink more water because by adding hydration to your body + using a moisturizing/anti aging cream that should take care of it
i can wear concealer again!
i've tried many different eye creams
have tried a ton of eye creams from drug store br
i've tried a variety of eye creams for my fine lines
t / cosmedicine / fresh / ptr k-vitamins eye cream
i've tried many eye cremes
the hydration lasts throughout the day
it is super-hydrating.
extra moisturizing without being greasy.
then the 3-in-1 toner
i normally use the korres pomegranate moisturizer
the formula is more like a lotion than a cream
i love this moisturizer!
moisturizing without being greasy or tough to rub in
less irritation from the harsh derm-prescribed products
i love it after i have exfoliated my skin because it replenishes my skin
it also works great under spf creams.
this korres greek yogurt moisturizing face cream is the best
the moisturizer absorbs well into my skin.
combination skin that is acne prone
it not only does a great job moisturizing
isn't drying like a gel
korres greek yoghurt moisturizing cream makes my skin soft
i've found that this moisturizer is truly perfect for moisturizing the skin as well as avoiding build up in pores
this product is a miracle cream.
during the day under my foundation or bronzing powder
i asked her to pick me up the clinique moisture surge gel créme
this is a great moisturizer cream
other than it is a miracle lotion for dry skin
an amazing moisturizer for combination to oily skin
it's hydrating and great for day and bedtime.
the natural fats in the yogurt
baking soda to wash my face
a mixture of half apple cider vinegar
half water as a toner
i love this moisturizer for night wear
when it comes to a moisturizer
i started using the korres nighttime moisturizer
it's a gel based one
i love this moisturizer.
it is very light but also very moisturizing.
it's hard to find a moisturizer that can hydrate my skin without over-hydrating my skin
other moisturizers can hydrate my skin for a few hours then wear off
the consistency of the moisturizer is literally like yogurt
it's how the moisturizer can be so hydrating
it doesn't smell like yogurt at all either.
i can wear this moisturizer morning
love the yogurt line of korres.
it moisturizes your entire face.
others were not moisturizing enough
the product smells like sunscreen
this is the only moisturizer that i believe in
i really like the yogurt-like smell
recommend to anyone in search of a hydrating
when i apply this moisturizer over the acne lotion
the greek moisturizer pills up
however when i use the greek yogurt by itself
no breakouts, very moisturizing.
i will probably go back to the korres quercetin antiaging
antiwrinkle mattifying lotion which i have been very happy with for the past several years
the quercetin does not pill when applied over acne lotion
i am in love with this moisturizer
a lovely preservative free nourishing moisturizer
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
this had been the only lotion/moisturizer that i have used that removes fine lines
i've spent 160 a jar on creams
it's too moisturizing for summer
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer is so soothing
for years i've dealt with hormonal acne that i had to use birth control pills on
i found korres greek yoghurt moisturizing face cream in one of my searches
apply my argan oil
i would recommend this product as a nightly moisturizer
now that skin is used to it as a daily moisturizer
switch to pomegranate cream in the summer
i also use it with the cleansing gel.
used in conjunction with korres milk proteins foaming cleanser makes my skin super soft
this cream packs a punch
this moisturizer is perfect!
usually have to switch creams
usually put sunscreen over it
the only downside is that it doesn't have any anti-aging or antioxidants to help fight free radicals
it's not as luxurious as some other moisturizers i've used
use it for moisturizing throughout the day
purchase this tube of magic
feeling that some eye creams can.
eye creams on the market
i am also using this a preventative treatment
i've found it very moisturizing without making my eyelids oily
using this is more of a preventive treatment
i've tried other eye creams over the years
before my night moisturizer to let it soak in
have never had any plastic surgery or botox or anything
i love that it has vitamins
it goes on smooth and blends well with concealer.
you need an anti-aging cream" game
tried multiple eye creams
this creamy eye treat is just what i need for allergy season
works well with eye creme
my acne medication makes my skin tempermental
have had allergic reactions to other eye products
even ones supposedly hypoallergenic
i've tried all kinds of eye creams over the years
when i use this product followed by undereye concealer
this is a great moisturizing cream to use both day
this is ultra-hydrating
a salicylic acid face wash
i tried the retinol eye cream that philosophy has
recommended this eye cream to me to apply before applying concealer
i apply before putting on concealer under my eye
the concealer goes on smooth
i love that it has vitamins
massage it with your pointer
excellent moisturizer for anti aging.
it not only hydrates my skin
i follow up with a toner
it reacts to any fragrances
some skin care additives
facial soap that i have ever used on my face.
this is my go to everyday soap
gel moisturizer for about 4 years now
i take a facial cleansing oil
my clinique moisturizing gel for type 3 skin
i tried cleansing waters for a while
don't need to use makeup remover beforeh
i keep switching to other cleansers
i like clinique bar soaps because they remove every trace of makeup
wore makeup with sunscreen
the soap doesn't tighten my skin after- so the use for lotion is optional
the organic/natural cleaners just do not match up to this soap
nothing like clinique soap .
having tried practically all liquid facial soaps on the market
the moisturizer takes care of that problem
the acne solutions soap
clinique's facial soap is still a winner after all these years
nothing beats clinique's facial soaps
i used the super mild facial soap every day
boscia's glycolic face cleanser 3-4 times a week
make sure to purchase clarifying lotion with it
i love clinque mild face soap.
i decided to switch to this from the redness solutions cream cleanser
i recommend this to everyone as their basic facial cleanser
don't look for your facial cleanser to do that
sodium laureth sulfate from my everyday routine so that's why i switched from the mild liqiud soap to the mild bar soup
as recommended by my derm
i owe it to this cleanser
it foams much better than the liquid soap
follow by a toner and the facial lotions.
this simple bar of clinique soap is the best makeup dissolver
facial cleanser i've ever used
clinique makes a 3 soap travel set
blemishes at bay has convinced me to replace my purity made simple cleanser for this soap
you take a cotton pad of toner to your face after cleaning it
about 2 years ago i tried clinique's mild facial cleanser in the bottle format
now i am on tretinoin med for acne i can't use anything benzoyl peroxide
nothing is better to my skin than clinique facial soap
this is my daily facial cleanser.
it is the first time i use this facial soap
when paired with the moisturizing gel
the clarifying lotion my skin is less oily
this soap provides good sudsing
after using makeup remover
reminds me of clinique's women's clarifying lotion
this soap is cheap
every girl should be using this soap to cleanse their face
it is not a makeup remover.
i follow up with the moisturizing gel
i credit this soap
in combination with the clarifying lotion
the dramatically different moisturizing gel
is dermatologist tested for sensitivity
i heard bar soaps are better to use on skin than liquid soap because the frothiness from liquid soaps is drying to skin or something like that which is why i only use bar soap to wash my face :
i've tried other facial soaps
love all products gentle cleanser facial soap is great
i really love the product in conjunction with the clarifying lotion
clinique does a great job with no fragrances that irritate my skin
this soap is mild
i will apply the clinique gel moisturizer or moisture surge
preferred daily lotion after cleansing face in the morning
also unscented which is great.
this is the only moisturizer that works for oily skin
i kept the lotion
i would definitely recommend this moisturizer.
he loves that it is moisturizing without being greasy
flaky due to acne medication
bought this with the clinique extra mild facial cleanser for my boyfriend
he loves that it is moisturizing without being greasy
this is really the same product as the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
he loves this lotion.
doesn’t want to make the change to this lotion
- soothes skin after shaving
got him to try this moisturizer
great light weight moisturizer.
clinique is great because its moistures are fragrance free
from lipstick to skin care
along with my clinique night time moisturizer
i like that it's unscented
other moisturizers on top
the moisturizing aspect was so great that i still had to give it five stars
it's a very moisturizing eye cream.
i've tried a few eye creams
i've tried a lot of different eye creams
they are both very moisturizing.
i really like the moisturizing aspect of this cream
this creme does help.
redness from some products
it's one of the most effective eye moisturizers i've found
ecay eyeshadow primer potion or similar
allows easy application of a concealer
i find this antigravity firming eye lift cream exactly that
i would definitely recommend this product for sensitive skin ladies who want an eye cream to deliver extra moisturizing
this stuff is very moisturizing.
love it moisturizing and lifting effects
this undereye cream works well for moisturizing
so far this is moisturizing my eyes.
this toner is taking it all out
right after that i used the clinique toner
i tried a lot of toner
perfect because of this scruffing lotion
s out among the bewildering array of scrubbers/acne meds/rinses
lotion after washing his face
they call it scruffing lotion
it is a perfect deep cleaning face lotion.
this is a rinse off cleansing mousse that is to be followed by their three-step skin products
the clinique cleanser in the morning
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
it is an excellent makeup brush cleanser
i follow up with the clinique moisture surge moisturizer
follow with a more hydrating cleanser
i love this foaming cleanser.
clinique used to sell this in a foaming pump bottle that married the best cleanser ever® with ultimate convenience
i follow-up using it with clinique moisturizer
this is my hg facial cleanser.
i only use sunblock with physical minerals
this face cleanser has gotten rid of my acne
i tried the liquid facial soap clinique pushes so much
i love this foaming cleanser.
i also tried the extra gentle cleansing foam
i've have never used a cleanser that can reduce the blackheads on my face
i love this cleanser.
i follow up with sephora brand moisturizer.
if i apply moisturizer after using this
i prefer this to the take off the day cleansing balm
i think this foaming cleanser works better to remove make-up
if i use a toner or clarifying lotion afterwards
i may switch to the cleansing balm
i ran out of beauty blender cleanser one day
this is so moisturizing it never leaves my face dry
i've tried switching makeup removers
i've used rinse off foaming cleanser for the past 10 years--it's so good
i like the texture of this foaming cleanser
this cleanser is great for skin that is sensitive to alcohols
nothing a deeply hydrating moisturizer can't h
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser for my skin
i like to pair it with clinique's clarifying lotion 2
i love this cleanser.
i've used a lot of makeup removers
nothing compares to the foamy cleanser by clinique
i adore the rinse-off foaming cleanser.
i've tried several makeup cleansers
then this as a cleanser
it powers through my mascara
clean after using this foaming cleanser from clinique
this cleanser washes most of all the makeup off
so apply a moisturizer asap
definitely need a moisturizer after using this.
this washes off all my non-waterproof makeup.
no problem if i use a moisturizer after
sunscreen is hard to get off your face
i don't use it as a cleanser
the formula is "gel like"
the sales lady recommended this first then use the facial liquid soap afterwards to cleanse skin
this product really takes off your sunscreen
use a regular cleanser after using this cleanser.
including all of my mascara
it helps me get rid of all the makeup before cleansing my skin with the clinique soap
clinique cleanser does everything i want a cleanser to do
this is a great cleanser for normal to oily skin types
since i wear a lot of waterproof eyeliner
when i used my toner i would see foundation residue
my skin is combination
make sure to use a lotion toner or softener after using this product because it can cause some drying of the skin
it is an excellent value purchase as a moisturizing eye cream
have actually found that when applying concealer over it
i think concealer or foundation would blend well on top of it
i usually layer concealer on top
or creases my concealer
i like it for its moisturizing
i've tried other eye creams/balms/gels
certain products cause redness
of all the clinique products
this cream is lightweight
i love how moisturizing this cream is
constantly have to use concealer to hide it
makes a smooth canvas for concealer
during eczema break outs i have to apply a hydrocortisone which in combination with my usual topical acne medication i have to be extremely careful with the products i use especially around my eyes
it is creamy, light-weight and very moisturizing.
the formula is easily spreadable and lightweight.
this eye cream is light while hydrating
nothing has moisturized it all day + not caused any allergy problems excepts this
this is a great basic eye cream that's very moisturizing
very moisturizing, and really does depuff.
truly moisturizing gel that is absorbed quickly
it truly is lightweight but very moisturizing.
i like gels more than creams for my eyes.
this is a gel-like cream.
this is what i wear everyday before my concealer
still very moisturizing for the eye area
i've tried other eye creams/gels
great anti-aging eye cream
i previously used the fresh rose hydrating eye gel
it didn't hydrate or moisturize nearly enough
perfect texture to apply under eye concealer.
this is one of the better creams
this cream is light
smoothing- which is perfect to put concealer over
it helps with the puffiness
this cream moisturizes deeply
it provides a good base for my concealer.
no anti-aging benefits but it is very hydrating.
i love clinique moisturizers to begin with.
i've used a lot of eye creams
most are just moisturizers.
doesn't crease under concealer
make a good base for under eye concealer
it offers light moisturization
my boyfriend uses this lotion
very moisturizing, yet also lightweight.
it does work a bit like a primer for my undereye concealer
could massage this cream around my eyes
helps your concealer stay on longer
it helped keep my concealer in place
typically use it after i moisturize
it seems to help puffiness
it does a great job of moisturizing
it is the silkiest most moisturizing formula i've tried
i look for a hydrating cream
the texture is like a gel-cream.
very nice moisturizing eye gel.
seems to need exfoliating now
i've tried eye creams from drugstores
unscented to use daily to protect his skin
has been wanting a moisturizing sunscreen for months now
my husband loves this lotion.
used my dram diff moisturizing lotion
it dothat have the spf lotion smell
never used to take time to moisturize
it's moisturizing without being greasy feeling/looking
so he needed a moisturizer
it definitely works better as a pre-shave / shaving lotion than an aftershave
this product is super moisturizing.
gives him sunblock protection as well
love this moisturizer/spfno smellblends easilyperfect for the athlete
good moisturizer has enough spf.
he wasn't using a daily sunscreen
he liked the moisturizer
he uses after shaving for a little hydration.
my husband loves this oil-free gel moisturizer.
this is the only moisturizer i can get my husb
sometimes you don't want a sunscreen in your moisturizer
with the clinique m gel-lotion
unscented, it is not too greasy .
works with my skin type; good value; unscented
has been using clinique moisturizers for years
he especially likes the gel-lotion.
the best thing is clinique products are unscented-no guy wants to smell like lotion all day
more of a white lotion color
he uses it in conjunction with the facial scrub
clinique max hydrator is amazing
this is the only facial hydrator/moisturizer my boyfriend uses
i love the moisturizer
it was moisturizing enough for the whole day
this moisturizer is amazing
to my surprise it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer works like a dream
all purpose face moisturizer
i love this moisturizer to use before makeup application
i love the gel version instead of the lotion
best moisturizer for oily skin!
im not one for moisturizers because im a mix of oily
love this as my everyday go to moisturizer!
most moisturizers make my breakouts outs worse.
i love this moisturizer!
this is the best moisturizer for oily skin
i wasn't a fan of the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
i googled "best moisturizer for oily skin"
it's unscented which is great because for some reason
i now have allergic reactions to a lot of lotions/ creams/ serums that smell strongly
i didn't need moisturizer
it feels moisturizing yet light
i switched to this as my spring/summer moisturizer
this is the only moisturizer i've tried that works for my skin
this lotion takes care of both areas
have to buy facial sunscreen separately
i came from drugstore moisturizer to high end
this moisturizer does the job for it!!
its such an amazing moisturizer under your makeup
this gel moisturizer is great
however the clinique moisturizing gel has met my needs
so light that i can layer it on top of the pixie serum
just enough moisturizing for my type of skin
because there aren't a lot of high antioxidants in the product
i've solved this by using a lightweight serum before i apply the moisturizer
great at moisturizing away even the roughest of dry patches
it has no harsh fragrances which is good for my sensitive skin lol recommend this for a day moisturizer
i began to try other moisturizers
this moisturizer is perfect
i recently switch from the first aid beauty ultra hydration moisturizer to this one
clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel will be a favorite of mine for life
this moisturizing my skin without leaving it greasy or coated
take care to get the moisturizing gel
not the moisturizing lotion
i tried organic moizturizers to vitamin e cream
t is a dream to finally use a moisturizer that hydrates my skin without excess oiliness
i prefer the gel moisturizers
as an actual moisturizer
my skin is acne prone to oily lotions
this is the best daytime moisturizer i've used for my oily skin
i first received a sample of the moisturizing gel
this gel surprised me by moisturizing much more effectively than my other moisturizers
layer it with other products in my regimen
in addition to my night cream
best moisturizer for oily skin.
this moisturizer has changed my face.
matte as i wanted
i've recently been diving into serums as a way to add hydration to my skin
s up to my harsh acne treatments
this serum really works!
i prefer the gel form instead of the lotion
i started using it as my morning moisturizer
although i like this moisturizer a lot
i want to try a moisturizer for dry skin
this moisturizer doesn't cause breakouts
clear moisturizing gel to this moisturizer
like most products you need to let your creams/gels etc soak in
this moisturizer has become my holy grail
this is the first moisturizer i ever tried because i never knew that moisturizing
it's the first moisturizer that gives my combo/oily skin the hydration it needs without leaving a residue
this is moisturizing without making the face too oily throughout the day
how hydrating it is
i do like this moisturizer.
you gott use a bit more to moisturize it
this gel moisturizer is perfect
deal with some acne
i also love the pump/tube packaging--too many moisturizers come in jars
it's a perfect gel moisturizer for combination
there's mineral oil in this product
the gel formula is light weight
i love the toner 3 and face wash too!
this moisturizer is light enough to moisturize without clogging my pores
moisturizing it is without being greasy
i love this moisturizer!
the only complaint i have is that i wish it was a tad more moisturizing
this is already not moisturizing enough
get a cream moisturizer for the winter
i really like this moisturizing
it is a moisturizing gel formula
it is lotion formula
worked well with my acne medication
i didn't give 5 stars only because its not as moisturizing as i would have hoped
then i put this moisturizing gel on
the gel is light
if i don't use the right cleanser/moisturizer it will flake
hydrating gel mask that i got in sephora play box
smooth any inflammation that i get from makeup or acne
i apply my daily moisturizer at day
i've tried just about every hydrating mask sephora has to offer for my dry skin caused by tanning
rose water spritz when i wake up.
i even put rosehip oil in my hair in the bath!
i treated my husband to fresh* products facial.
while it is hydrating
this is a gentle moisturizing face mask that smells amazing
it makes me want to buy the toner from their br
after i use the fresh rose cleanser
i cannot exfoliate as frequently as i would like
i love how my skin feels from the moisturizing scrub
it is my new holy grail moisturizing treatment mask
for a while i was using benzoyl peroxide
this mask is soothing and hydrating.
generally use mud or detoxifying type face masks most of the time
of course you still have to use a moisturizer
i got the 15ml size of this as my beauty insider reward
i love the way it feels after i've done a light exfoliant
use a charcoal mask for detoxifying
no more heavy lotions
it's also very moisturizing!
after cleansing my face
the main ingredient that hydrates is glycerin
i know it's because of my daily regimen wearing this sunscreen
i like how there isn't a string crazy sunscreen scent to this product
it's a light weight lotion
love this sunscreen lotion!
it is a perfect combination of sunscreen
i love this lotion.
it also has a good amount of antioxidants
i don't love putting fragranced products on there
exactly like a normal moisturizer
it is very moisturizing and with spf30!
and yet it is very moisturizing.
i love this product except that moisturizing lotions from lancôme usually works well with my combination/oily skin except this one goes on a bit heavy
i just started using a daily sunscreen besides makeup- better late than never
i wanted a thick moisturizer with spf in a pump bottle
also moisturizes your skin
does not give a white residue like some sunscreen lotions do
its been over one year that i have been searching for a light weight moisturizer with spf for my sensitive combination skin
the only thing that would make this product better is if it was unscented
i love this sunscreen moisturizer.
ts been hard 4 me to find a good sunscreen/lotion
the best higher spf moisturizer i've found
it is moisturizing without being overwhelming on my oily-combination skin
this is an excellent fall/winter/spring sunscreen
does not smell like sunscreen
i wear it as a daily/makeup free treatment
i love this moisturizer
spf 30 prevents any hyper pigmentation from uv/a
add a serum under in winter
doesn't want a product that is primarily a sunscreen product
lancome's bienfait multi-vital spf 30 lotion
high potency daily moisturizing lotion is a moisturizing lotion with an spf of 30
lancome's bienfait multi-vital spf 30 lotion
high potency daily moisturizing lotion appears to be excellent
s down the best facial product that i have used that contains sunscreen
i will never use any other sunscreen on my face than this lancome product
this moisturizer also acts as a really nice primer for mineral foundations
a little more hydration with no funny sunscreen smell
this product does not have that funny sunscreen scent
it is seriously a magic serum
this stuff is like a magic elixir of makeup
needed a daily moisturizer with a high-spf sunscreen
daily sunscreen/moisturizer for several weeks now
this sunscren/moisturizer will now be a daily staple for me
while this product does smell like sunscreen immediately after it is applied
i think the benefits of the product far outweigh the temporary sunscreen fragrance
i love this lotion.
s of face moisturizers over the years
of all the lotions with spf in them this one seems to be the lightest
then i found this moisturizer
it doesn't feel like greasy sunscreen
this is the only makeup remover that removes all of my mascara
without any allergic reaction
i love this lotion
great lotion, smooth, dries quick, non-scented.
i love this lotion!
i love this moisturizer.
have tried a million different moisturizers
it is very moisturizing
it does not smell like a sunscreen
i love this sunscreen.
i love this lotion.
this is the first lotion i've found that moisturizes my skin
in combination with the cleanser
this product is great for a daily lotion.
unless sunscreen when he golfs
used it for the glycolic acid
the sting from the glycolic acid took him a second to get over
i ordered this lotion because it has all the ingredients that my derm told me to use
the glycolic treatment at night totally smoothed the surface of my skin
it is a really light moisturizer
i got this moisturizer for my boyfriend
this lotion has reduced the wrinkles on my bf's face
because of its exfoliating properties
my husband loves using this moisturizer.
this lotion has fruit acids in it
i aked him to try this moisturizer
this is an excellent facial moisturizer.
he loves high-end moisturizers
after using this i use my clinique mild facial soap
i've never tried a cleansing balm like this
i love this makeup remover.
it melts all my makeup even my waterproof mascara
taken my toner on a cotton pad
this cleansing balm is perfect.
have tried several cleansing oils
it's also great at removing waterproof mascara
i've tried lots of different makeup removal balms
the balm formula is the bomb
it even works well on most of my mascaras.
even before i wash with cleanser
it melts everything including water proof mascara
i follow it with my philosophy cleanser
for the waterproof mascara
these balm removes all my makeup
this is my new holy grail makeup remover.
when i rub the waterproof eyeliner
4 stars because i wish this was just a tad bit more moisturizing
this makeup remover is gentle
until i found this balm
i wear waterproof liquid eyeliner
when it comes to removing mascara
love this cleansing balm!
makeup remover i have ever used
including waterproof eye makeup
follow it with another cleanser after showering
i am loving these balm to remove my makeup.
i recommend washing your h
this balm is the bomb!
my kat von d liquid lipsticks
gently massage over mascara
turns from balm to oil to milk
this is my go to makeup remover!
i've found my hg skin cleanser.
anything from waterproof mascara
my favourite oil cleanser <3 removes all makeup
the cleansing balm for the face
i've always used a makeup remover prior to washing my face
it also moisturizes your skin at the same time
i've tried so many eye creams
i don't even need concealer when i use this product
i love this product because i can use it with my concealer without any pilling or smudging
i really like this eye cream- it has vitamin c
vitamin c is sooooo good for your skin
for every pump of the cream
does it work because of the caffeine?
i credit that to the caffeine
i love this daytime eye cream.
or caffeine can help it
kate somerville nourish works best for my sensitive skin
defiantly my go to daily moisturizer.
the vitamin c i guess
this eye cream is a miracle.
i think the benefits of rich moisturizing cream that noticeably reduces morning puffiness is enough for me to have a tear or two for 30 seconds some days
the product moisturizes all day
mascara does not melt into it like some other eye creams
i love how hydrating this eye cream is
i no longer need to wear concealer after i start using essential-c eye cream
non-irritating eye cream for daytime
this is probably my 6th "refill" of this eye cream
vitamin c is widely recognized as an ingredient that really can improve your skin
had a deluxe sample of murad essential-c eye cream spf 15
i touch up throughout the day with a mineral sunscreen powder
the vitamin c brightens my eye area
murad's essential-c eye cream has some great ingredients for day wear
i like using vitamin c products during the day to fight free radicals
all the spf lotions say avoid eye area
the consistency of the lotion is perfect: moisturizing
this eye cream has turned out to be a great daytime sun protection moisturizer that i wear under my makeup
went back to them trying to find a vitamin c face lotion
i love this cream -- i use it as my day eye cream
plus is has sunscreen to help prevent further damage
the vitamin c really does brighten my skin nicely
emollient without being greasy under makeup
i love that it contains sunscreen
i've tried a ton of different eye creams
it is very moisturizing
this is a miracle creme for me.
it's the perfect amount of moisturization
some eye creams sting when i apply them
many different eye creams
even with 3-4 washings a day in the winter
caudalie instant foaming cleanser is outst
use cleansing oils before this
i've used caudalie's beauty elixir for a long time
this foaming cleanser did not disappoint.
this foaming cleanser has worked well
loving the vinoperfect radiance serum
it foams into a gentle cleanser
i love this as my morning cleanser.
i always follow up with a toner or water cleansing product to get off more residue
i also use this cleanser to clean my makeup brushes
this foaming cleanser is gentle, but effective.
i might switch to something a bit more moisturizing
i tried their moisturizing sorbet cream
just like the foaming cleanser
this foaming cleanser is amazing!
not expecting to like a foaming cleanser
therapeutic after-feel make me a repeated buyer
i would recommend this cleanser to all skin types
i've tried many cleansers for it
then use this foam cleanser
the cleanser seems to soak in to your skin
it's a challenge to find a foaming cleanser that is non-drying
i love foamy cleansers
i love caudalie instant foaming cleanser!!
only need one pump of cleanser
this cleanser is so light
my new favorite facial cleanser.
this is my second bottle of the instant foaming cleanser
my moisturizer goes on smooth
i usually go with cheap drug store cleansers for my face
it has really good foaming for a soap free cleanser
i follow it with caudalie's radiance serum
i usually dislike foaming cleansers as they are drying
i love this cleanser.
this is my summer cleanser
best to use a mascara remover for the eye area
then the caudalie cleanser just for gentle cleansing
non-drying foaming facial cleanser that does what it's supposed to
the grape seed does wonders for your skin
this caudalie foaming cleanser is the most balance for my issue
this is a wonderful foaming cleanser for my sensitive skin
i love this cleanser.
i also use this as a makeup remover
this foaming cleanser is my favorite!
would prefer it in a gel
for reference: i usually use the boscia cleanser
this liquid facial soap
the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
that's the main reason i love this facial soap.
my every day facial cleanser.
first tried this cleanser in a kit
then lastly a moisturizing lotion which is in a yellow tube
this soap has changed my entire view of using a facial soap verses just regular soap
bronners baby soap as cleanser
ps: this is a no soap cleaner!!
it is like a lotion cleaner.
clinique liquid facial soap was my first high-end cleanser that i have ever used
this looks like lotion and feels like lotion.
would prefer exfoliating face washes
have paired it with the clarifying lotion
the moisture surge moisturizer
this cleanser is really mild
this cleanser is perfection
this is my go-to facial cleanser.
extra mild formulas during the rouge sale
moisturizes your skin after you rinse it off
along with clarifying lotion #2
you still need to use a face exfoliator
preps the skin for toner
i followed it with the toner in the kit.
liquid facial soap mild is fine for me
i try other facial cleansers from time to time
always to back to my true love--clinique facial soap
i exfoliate twice a week
i like this cleanser.
i don't know about the other formulations
it works amazing as a makeup remover
if there was inexpensive skin care product she recommends its clinique's liquid facial soap
i also use after washing my face the clinique clarifying lotion
i call it a toner.
the cleanser does have a scent.
i remove the cleanser with water
this facial soap is gentle
i've tried switching to other facial cleansers
this is my hg cleanser.
i lather in my h
i normally need to retouch every hour
i tried oil controlling moisturizers
hyaluronic acid creams/serums
under algenist's tinted anti-aging moisturizer with spf 30
t pore minimizer with sunscreen
i also like the medicated smell
concealer all in one
almost liquid to powder consistency
5oz bottles than the one 1oz bottle
almost mousse-like formula
use this in conjunction with a mattyfying spray
make sure you moisturize before applying any primer
mattifying primer i have ever used
oil-free moisturizer that works for my combo
plumping with hydration after applying
no like literally the fasting absorbing moisturizer ever
while it continues to moisturize your skin from within
if all other moisturizers break your skin out or clog your pores
started dealing with some hormonal breakouts
this is a no-thrills oil-free moisturizer.
my dermatologist suggested replacing my heavy moisturizer with an oil free one
if i need moisturizer
if i don't need moisturizer
i love this moisturizer
my skin is combination
this is a great daytime moisturizer to use under makeup or for the day
the product is thin and unscented.
love the texture of this moisturizer
this moisturizer helps them from happening
this a great moisturizer for oily/combo skin.
how many oil-free lotions have i tried?!
i've tried every moisturizer out there!
i've used it with over the counter acne medications to prescription
i love that this moisturizer is lightweight
i love this moisturizer.
applying this moisturizer my face looks amazing
as my skin over-produces sebum
it is not super emollient
lately my oral antibiotics just haven't been cutting it
out of all the moisturizers i've used
this moisturizers helps my acne
i really like this oil-free moisturizer.
it doesn't have parabens
this is an amazing moisturizer for those with oily or combo skins
i put on my physical sunblock afterwards
this lotion saved my skin
gentle moisturizer to go in conjunction with the alphe beta facial peel pads
feels almost like a moisturizing gel to me
this moisturizer really helps relieve
this is moisturizing enough for my skin
i like this moisturizer
purchasing a number of moisturizers last spring i l
md skincare's oil-free moisturizer is great for me because i have super oily skin
this moisturizer is lightweight
using this moisturizer with the all over cleanser with toner
the alpha beta daily face peel
this is not an oily moisturizer at all.
this lightweight lotion does the trick
it's moisturizing enough to use in your night routine also
the moisturizer is really light
the pump seems to squirt out the lotion
i really like the md hydra-pure oil-free moisturizer
this was my first time trying hydra-pure oil-free moisturizer
especially if you are used to a foaming cleanser
i've tried oil based cleansers
strip my natural oils
two pumps and i massage it into my skin.
i now use this cleanser to gently massage
massage it in to melt makeup down
i've used a lot of cleansers like boscia
like washing your face with lotion
if you're a retinol user
do rinse my off like i would any other cleanser
it's leaves behind a moisturizing finish.
now i only get breakouts when i'm hormonal
after years of using clinique bar soap
i cleanse with a gel cleanser
not so emollient it breaks me out
moisturize you skin after uses
i even tried the lancome comfort mousse
paired with the toner
after using this cleanser
i love this cleanser
i love this cleansing milk.
no detergent face washes for me
this cleanser works wonders to moisturize
mild cleanser to counteract my skin's dryness
i love this cleanser.
the texture of this cleanser
i wash my face after with a face cleanser
ready to be applied with toner
this is my go to cleanser.
also great with lancome tonique comfort toner
unscented drugstore cleanser to make cleansing my face more of a treat yet not too expensive
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
comforting milky creame cleanser is the only cleanser that i use on my face to remove all make up
i love how this cleanser feels on my skin when i'm washing my face
it does take off most regular mascaras
usually i have to spend over $100 on a serum of this quality
after i exfoliate or do any damage to my skin
i apply this serum overnight
love the smell of this serum
this serum doesn't keep my face oily at all
rose oil it's like my skin is soaking it in like taking a health supplement
very light smooth serum.
the day cream of this line
i apply a moisturizer or night cream
i hav to say that it is very moisturizing
love this serum it is so hydrating
night- i use it under moisturizer at night
it's hard to find a hydrating serum that works.
this serum i use at night all over my eyes
i follow with a moisturizer and then a face oil.
i am using the serum in combination with the night cream from the same line
i love this serum.
tho i solved acne mostly through diet change
this serum is light
bottle of ole henriksen serum off my vanity
i like the texture of this serum
then i remembered this serum
if this is what happens just using this serum one night
the serum helps to open up my pores so the moisturizer can absorb more cleanlyl into my skin
my skin feels more moisturized longer when i use the serum underneath the cream
even though the serum is a bit pricey
helps to extend the efficacy of my moisturizer as well
allows me to put on my eye concealer without any dryness
i really like this serum.
eye serum in one to brighten
the oak serum at night
this serum is fast absorbing
in fact i have replaced my daily moisterizer with this serum
i exfoliate 1-2x a week
use almond oil to cleanse once a day
i've used more expensive serums
this serum is just as good
this serum is an all-around great serum to use every morning
moisturizes more than i expected
i don't regret buying this serum
i don't think any topical product will help with this genetic problem
my skin has needs extra moisturizing
this is the first serum i have tried
this is my 6th day using this serum followed by the 24hour wild rose moisturizer
compare to the fresh soy serum
use the brightening moisturizer for my face at night
i love this serum!
i even wear it under sunscreen before i head out to the pool
i love this gel base serum
since i do love serum in gel base
love the wild rose serum.
gives that base suppleness before putting on the moisturizer
i love this serum.
this serum lightens them after just one application
before my moisturizer in winter
i love this eye serum it leaves my skin looking smooth
a lighter moisturizer with sunscreen in warmer months
i decided to try the serum to go with it
this serum i can use without my skin objecting or breaking out
the serum locks moisture into your skin
started with this serum
after applying the lightweight serum i swear my whole face looked brighter
when i put this under the moisturizer, wow!
i love the wild rose serum!
add this serum to your routine.
the wild rose line is great for us girls who need a shot of vitamin c
i decided to try it as a daycream to wear under my sunblock
eye serum on right after
i can feel it moisturizing my skin immediately
i used this with my thyme
honey cream at night
this serum is great for combo skin.
mostly i wear it under my daily moisturizer
my skin needed more pampering
i am using this for a moisturizer
around your eyes, as a moisturizer, and a serum.
in the morning i use this w/ a sunscreen
the serum is light
i put a cream after the serum
i simply put on the serum every night
my boyfriend also likes it as a moisturizer
have only used this serum
then i use a moisturizer
forth between salicylic acid/ benzoyl peroxide
my skin in noticeably brighter thanks to the vitamin c
this serum is great!
i alternate this serum nightly under my usual moisturizer
with the rose moisturizer every other night
since i started using the moisturizer
this one is a serum for eyes
i always use the rose moisturizer
a little bottle for serum
i often have to add a mattifying lotion
i can tell that this has vitamin c in it as i've been using it for about 3 weeks or so
i gave the serum a try --
took a chance with korres' wild rose brightening serum
the serum is perfect
i love how lightweight yet moisturizing this product is
this serum calms my skin
i opted for a serum
can't be without this daily moisturizer
this serum definitely brightens my skin
i've tried other serums two
aging skin this product is a miracle worker
nourishing for my skin
it doesn't contain sunscreen
i love that this has sunscreen
this isn't quite as moisturizing as some of the other products i've used
seems like the spf coverage is a trade off for the intense moisture of a product without sunscreen
i love this moisturizer
so daytime moisturizer with spf is nonnegotiable
not the kind that's targeted for a specific facial/dermatology issue
i love this moisturizer
there is no heavy "sunscreen" feel
would like to have a moisturizer that prevents wrinkles
it was either this moisturizer or the origins with the spf
vitamin c in it
not very sunscreen-ish
antioxidants to fight any sun damage.
i like that it is spf for days when i don't want to wear extra sunscreen or makeup
this my favorite moisturizing cream with spf
it is not oily like most sunscreens
i tried almost all spf lotions at sephora
still protects my fair skin from the sun while moisturizing
the antioxidants make it look healthy
this is my go to moisturizer!!
an added benefit is the vitamins it
it doesn't have that white-ish pigment that other sunscreens have
has great sunscreen protection
also provides sunscreen protection
i need to wear sunscreen every day
i am on my second bottle of this moisturizer
at night i apply it over philosophy "help" skin serum
may be because i apply prescription skin creams
dark spot correction treatments
have little need for ultra moisturizing cremes
when i need spf
i am so in love with this moisturizer.
s of moisturizer over the years
i love that it hydrates the skin
of course i appreciate that it includes spf 30 sunscreen
i only gave this 4 stars because it's not very moisturizing
this one seems to moisturize me
my favorite lancome moisturizing face cream!
this cream actualy performs to maintain the hydration
i am in love with this moisturizer.
i'd been searching for a moisturizer that actually moisturized
i tend not to like any fragranced products
this cream will soften your skin without giving you those unwanted pimples that so many moisturizing creams can
i love this moisturizer.
like others w/ a sunscreen
not sure if it does anything for my skin other than moisturizing
not greasy yet very moisturizing
that it has spf
it's very very light and moisturizing.
it's all i need from a daily moisturizer
wanted to find a moisturizer that would protect it from the sun
this is an excelllent product for hydrating
spf and moisturizers are essential in so cal.
this is a good moisturizer
when i need more moisture than clinique gel
it give you just the perfect balance between a moisturizing
keeps my skin full of vitamins during day
most moisturizers don't offer as much sun protection
i like this for a night moisturizer.
vitamin e is an extra benefit.
light moisturizing day cream with sunscreen that i use for several years already
this is now my regular go to everyday facial cream
this was the only facial spf i used
other acne products make blackheads easier to extract
in fact it seems moisturizing in a way
it's more like an exfoliator.
with acne treatment in it
the 2 step alpha beta peel
salycilic acid is found in so many acne products
i apply under lotion.
adult acne, no more!
even though the active ingredient salicylic acid is in a lot of other acne products
i do apply lotion over
i tried a couple acne medications before
while i don't have acne
other acne products tend to overdry my skin
lancome has plenty of day creams
oily skin that requires constant exfoliation.
almost an herbal scent.
aging skin like me
while i also use a brightening serum
i would like the sunscreen to be higher though.
moisturizing without being greasy
this is an intensive anti-aging moisturizer for woman who are in the menopausal stage of life
i love this moisturizer.
figured it was just a sunscreen
i absolutely love this moisturizer -- it is hydrating
i am on minimal hormone therapy
i also love the serum
usually creams with sunscreen have a scent or odor to them
it has helped a lot to moisturize
fall i use the absolue lotion
having sunscreen in the cream is a great bonus
i've had both botox and juvederm injections.
it is super moisturizing
day cream as a gift
at least the face creams
i love this moisturizer !!!!!!
when i desire my spf already inside my moisturizer
doesn't feel like a sunscreen!
this is the moisturizer for you
as a cosmetologist told me it would work better with a serum beneath this
i really hate the smell of sunscreen
i've tried lots of different eye creams
very gentle, moisturizing and protective.
it is very moisturizing, but not greasy.
i really like this serum.
i would absolutely recommended this elixir serum.
combined with the ancienne cream
it took me a while to spend this kind of money on a serum
is by far the most moisturizing serum i have tried
enjoy the benefits of argan oil
because it's so moisturizing
press a tiny bit of this on to your face at night after cleansing/toning/serum
i love this cleansing milk
i do follow with a cleanser after.
takes off all my makeup and hydrates my skin.
massage all over face
this milk cleanser does its job without drying out my skin
now that i'm using it in conjunction with the cleansing balm
this is not to remove mascara people
this is a cleansing product for face makeup only.
after you may use your perfered facial soap
clinique redness solutions cleanser
i think the price of a makeup remover should be less than a cleanser
i follow up with my favorite clinque toner
takes off all the mascara
rinse off or i use it dry with q-tips to take off eye makeup
when i use my toner
this is a great simple moisturizing facial cleanser that removes makeup well
i always use a toner
no post-cleanse dryness from this product
i don't expect it to exfoliate
i would definitely repurchase this product it is moisturizing
i also love the eye makeup remover.
wanted appropriate cleanser to wash my face
i may throw in a facial exfoliator scrub instead
i wear sunscreen under my makeup.
light, smells good, moisturizing.
it is a good makeup remover
non-foaming or sudsing.
i love that it is unscented.
this products works wonderfully for removing face makeup such as bronzer
its a face makeup remover
i follow it up with clinique's rinse off foaming cleanser
i substitute this for the liquid facial soap when i wash my face at night
this makeup remover is gentle
the derm said that the milk would take away the redness
this is similiar to the dior makeup milk cleanser
better since there are no parabens
purchased this cleansing milk
i only wear like sunscreen
like cleansing oil or balm
as this cleansing milk does take time to dissolve all makeup
my daily cleanser is a great cleanser
i love this moisturizer
i wait a couple of minutes before applying bb cream over this moisturizer
this is my everyday daytime moisturizer.
i really like this lotion for winter spf .
it's light nut moisturizing enough for me.
i hate the feeling of sunscreen
it doesn't smell like sunscreen
my face was in serious need of rehydrating
my skin looks great with my daily shiseido regimen
i needed a basic moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
fab has a great 5 in 1 moisturizer with spf that is heavier
i love this lotion!
love that this has sunscreen
i love this lightweight spf 18 moisturizer
it's very light, but moisturizing.
this lotion is lightweight
also have the night moisturizer as well
especially with the use of moisturizer
this moisturizer does the trick
this is a luxurious moisturizer that feels hydrating
i love how light this moisturizer was.
came across this wonderful moisturizer/sunscreen while browsing sephora for a new daytime facial cream
as any sunscreen would
for the spf protection
purchased the beneficial wrinkleresist24 day emulsion spf 15 pa++ two weeks ago
this lotion is no exception
the only thing that would make it better is to offer an unscented version
love this daytime moisturizer!
i love this lotion
the moisturizing that it brings is great
usually moisturizers that contain spf are really thick
is $56 usually all my moisturizers are either 1 oz or 1
white like most daytime moisturizers
luxurious without over hydrating
put on the moisturizer
lighter than the "jar" benefiance moisturizer.
moisturizing products they absorb into your skin yet leave it feeling great all day
shiseido benefiance daytime protective emulsion is the best moisturizer i have found for mature skin
i love this lotion
hydration of my skin after its use
this is a "thin" lotion
is light not a heavy cream moisturizer
as it has hyaluronic acid
it's got a noticeable moisturizing effect
i tried the matching day lotion
feels lighter than the shiseido bioperformance moisturizer
i switched over to shiseido face creams after using the eye cream
it does a really good job of moisturizing my dry skin
lightweight for a night cream.
am constantly trying new night creams to protect my skin from aging
leaves my skin moisturizer for hours
the cream is super moisturizing
so this is more of a wrinkle preventative
i usually do botox every four months or so.
the moisturizer is not heavily fragranced like some
with facial creams unless you're purchasing makeup
if you don't like scented facial products at all
it is a good moisturizer
being more diligent with exfoliating twice a week
using fab's facial radiance pads at night
this cream is very moisturizing without being oily
i don't have wrinkles
its great for moisturizing
it's not moisturizing enough by itself for winter for my dry ish skin
i mix in some facial oil and that helps.
is what this cream is.
the hyaluronic acid in this product does its job
it's very moisturizing so i don't need a lot.
glowy skin using this night cream
completely hydrates my skin
truly hydrates my skin
howerver my skin is combination
when i used up my moisturizer
it is now my holy grail moisturizer.
this cream is hydrating.
i add on the bio-performance line for extra moisturizing
it was very moisturizing
it does a good job of moisturizing throughout the night
so constant moisturizing since i was 16 has made me a pro at aging
it is super hydrating
i tried the cleanser
softner followed by this hydrator
this is probably the richest moisturizing cream i've ever found
i wanted a rich moisturizer
eczema triggered by allergies
you can layer it over a serum
this is a great nighttime emulsion.
i usually switch to more hydrating products during winter
the one with sunscreen
even though this is an emulsion
i find this to be extremely moisturizing
all i need is toner
i realized its hydration also helps with oil-secretion control
use it as my daytime moisturizer
followed by nights that i just apply a serum
i read it was supposed to be applied *after* moisturizer
recommendation: definitely apply moisturizer before this
the mineral oil will act as a layer to protect that moisturizer
the day moisturizer for anti-wrinkle/preventative purposes
i'll squirt some moisturizer on my h
if i only use the toner
it's moisturizing yet dry enough to apply my primer
with the addition of night cream
i just pap on toner
end with this lotion
creams only help with wrinkles to a certain extent
i seem to be allergic to the 24 day cream
this lotion works well for me
texture of this moisturizer deter you
as a drop of this elixir is rich
i first bought the spf daily moisturizer which i love
then i add some of this moisturizer to my foundation
i add some spf to it for sun protection
for dry skin it is so moisturizing
use a tinted moisturizing lotion over it with spf
this is a great daytime moisturizer
use an astringent with 2% salicylic acid before the softener
any tonic lotion that i can get just about anywhere
i can't do without the benefiance revitalizing emulsion
it is a good night moisturizer.
the emulsion is a good moisturizer
i love this lotion!
i just bought the day lotion.
makes my concealer glide on
the area is moisturized that concealer doesn't crease
i've tried many other eye creams for my fine lines/wrinkles
it hydrates my skin
this is a very moisturizing eye cream.
it is so moisturizing as to leave a shiny finish
also my concealer works better now
this is my holy grail of eye creams
s down the most moisturizing eye cream on the market
this is super hydrating
feels very soothing and moisturizing.
i tried everything, even prep h ointment.
feel i need both serum
this eye cream works, period.
def need to give it about 10 to 15 min before applying makeup/concealer
concealer under my eyes
it is instantly hydrating
i do prefer something that is creamier as it is usually more moisturizing
it was super moisturizing
as for my wrinkles
needed a lot less concealer
the days i don't use this cream i use the ren gel cream
5-wrinkle resist eye cream
very creamy, moisturizing eye cream!
this is the most hydrating eye cream i've used.
i used bobbi brown's hydrating eye cream
this shiseido cream has both the benefits of hydrating
i love they hydration
i tried it first on the moisturizer sephora kit.
t's impossible to wear concealer without an eye cream
moisturizing enough to fill in my fine lines
prolong the wear time of my concealer
fyi i highly recommend it as an upper lip moisturizer
i've always treated that area with eye serums
this seems like a highly moisturizing thick cream
i tried other eye creams
after sampling many different products i have finally found a hydrating eye cream
this cream offers the benefits of preventing wrinkles while hydrating
it works really well with an eye serum underneath
this eye cream is extremely moisturizing.
in addition to the eye cream
its great at moisturizing
this is my holy grail undereye cream
it is so moisturizing
if i ever wear concealer without this eye cream under
i tried my usual eye creams, and no relief.
love these cleansing sheets.
i love these cleansing sheets.
i don't have acne-prone skin
their moisturizer is also good after cleansing.
creams you undoubtedly have in your pm regimen
love these cleansing sheets!
it even removes the mascara.
including waterproof eye makeup
these facial towelettes are so gentle on my sensitive skin
to remove tanning oil or sun block
won't react to any of your makeup or other fase washing products
they don't remove waterproof mascara-my only complaint
i love these cleansing sheets.
le too many washings in one day
mascara with one cleanser
skin with another cleanser
probably not as effective as soap or cleanser
i've tried many other facial cleansing wipes from different br
i swear by these makeup remover wipes
my holy grail makeup removers.
this moisturizer goes on light
this moisturizer was meant for me.
this isn't the most moisturizing product i have ever used
this does the job of both a moisturizer
this moisturizer is great under makeup
have to moisturize in the morning
this moisturizer does help moisturize my dry spots enough for under makeup
it's not moisturizing enough for the nighttime.
i love this moisturizer.
it's just moisturizing enough to keep my skin from over-producing oil
i love using it after i use white lucent total brightening serum
once your skin absorbs the moisturizer
pricier than other moisturizers
other than being not moisturizing enough for my winter skin
non-greasy while truly moisturizing my skin
best non-spf moisturizer.
i love how this moisturizer is lightweight.
this moisturizer is nothing short of miraculous in how it both moisturizes
the moisturizer in the kit is only 0
even bb creams would work
after using the shiseido pureness matifying moisturizer for only a week now
strongly recommend this moisturizer for anyone with oily skin
this moisturizer is suitable for combination type skin
i also use it with the shiseido's face cleanser.
this face lotion is a winner for a matifying lotion
use it in the morning apply after the toner
ready for sunscreen : i recommend ole henricksen for oily-combination skin its pure magic all together
this moisturizer is a must have for oily skin!
the lotion goes on light
this is a great test moisturizer for someone who hasn't worn moisturizer in the past
s of dollars on numerous moisturizers
this moisturizer is the holy grail for me.
my routine is to use this moisturizer first
moisturized without any lilly feeling
the moisturize lasts all day long
i even switched from liquid foundation to powdered
it provides hydration with no waxy
moisturizing and great to use under makeup.
this lotion is very light-weighted
this moisturizer is by no means matifying.
i think what they meant is that this lotion dries matte
this moisturizer is light-weight
i love this moisturizer.
oily skin 101: don't use overly-drying cleansers or alcohol-based toners
most acne/oily skin cleansers have harsh emollients that strip your skin
then follow with this mattifying moisturizer
toners for "oily" skin
i hve used other moisturizers
have gone back to this because other ones just don't do the job of moisturizing my skin
i love this moisturizer.
it's very lightweight yet moisturizing
with the use of the cleanser
it is a lightweight moisturizer
finish for this moisturizer
it is not very moisturizing, however.
i love this lotion!
i love this moisturizer.
i've tried many primers with other moisturizers
it's matifying but moisturizing at the same time.
i highly recommend the brush to use with the cleanser
i am obsessed with this moisturizer.
it is an amazing mattifying moisturizer.
i mix it with tinted moisturizer
i don't like any creamy moisturizer or face cream
i think this moisturizer combined with the powder is a winning combo
all of my face powders/foundations/products are mattifying
a lot of moisturizers make my face break out.
it might not be moisturizing enough for dry skin during other time of the year
other moisturizers might break me out
got the pureness mattifying moisturizer oil-free since i prefer a matte finish
is one of the top irritating ingredients in skin care
i really like this gel moisturizer.
it only provide moisturizer
i like to wear a light weight gel moisturizer because i don't like the feeling of having to blot before 12pm
i needed a moisturizer that wouldn't produce excess oil while at the same time hydrating my cheeks
was about to purchase clinique's gel moisturizer when i saw this
this gel cream combines the lightweight
drinkable moisture of a gel with the silkiness of a cream
now i am using this gel-cream after applying vichy
i tried to change moisturizers several times
its definitely more gel than lotion
i wouldn't say its moisturizing
it is a cream, but in gel form.
which means it's got moisturizing ingredients
you gals should also try the balancing toner with this
it is officially my holy grail moisturizer.
this gel comes in a glass bottle
i've tried other moisturizers before
perfect for am before applying sunscreen.
gel-cream is better for winter
i like both moisturizers in the pureness line
i opted for the gel-cream version of the moisturizer because of winter
i love this moisturizer!
the gel-cream goes on smooth
so this moisturizer is lightweight
wish it was a little more moisturizing
this gel-cream is the best moisturizing cream i have ever used
since i like to go on the lighter side of moisturizers for the daytime
i've never had a moisturizing cream that smelled this nice before
if only shiseido would add even spf 15 to this lotion
i decided to give the pureness gel-creme a try
to even korres' wild rose 24-hr moisturizer
with combination skin that's prone to break outs this moisturizer is amazing
i especially like that this product is a gel cream
this is my favorite moisturizing cream.
light but a good moisturizer.
la mer's moisturizing gel cream was awesome
've been using a retinol nightly
this moisturizer is thin
i love how this moisturizer goes on
the pureness gel-cream is the lightest moisturizer i've ever used
i'd definitely recommend it for skin that breaks out to most moisturizers
it would have been even better with sunscreen.
great product for acne prone skin!
then put some toner
softener in the pureness line
it does a good job moisturizing my face
i changed to shiseido bio-performance advanced super revitalizer cream whitening only because i noticed a little wrinkle on my eye
this moisturizer is light-weight
i prefer the pump style of pureness matifying oil-free lotion
no 'after sun' product works as well in soothing sunburn
i always use in conjunction with a shiseido softening lotion
clinique turnaround serum or shiseido serums all worked great underneath of this nice luxurious cream
i struggle with finding night creams that are moisturizing enough for my very dry skin
with some face creams
this the magic cream that eliminated the dryness
it is so moisturizing
is really moisturizing without a sticky or greasy feeling
it's a moisturizer i know
works well with acne prone skin
it's moisturizing, yet not heavy.
while i wouldn't call this a light moisturizing
this is very moisturizing
while it does moisturize
this heals all the acne product that i used to combat blemish
even less for daytime under sunscreen
then hourglass 28 serum primer followed by dior air serum foundation
this cream is so over the top moisturizing i can only use it once or twice a week tops
it's super moisturizing without the greasy feeling
have acne prone combination skin
7oz jar for the winter
it was an amazing moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer from shiseido.
this moisturizer is amazing for hydration!
allergic reaction to benzoyl peroxide
they do not compare to the long term moisturizing results that this cream offers
i also use shiseido eye cream and serum.
especially compared to other moisturizers
find this product to be very moisturizing
which other moisturizers have done in the past
this is one of the most hydrating creams i've ever used
the cream is light and hydrates my skin well.
forgot my face lotions
allergic to the emulsifiers that bind spf to moisturizers
anything with alpha or beta hydroxy acids
very good for moisturizing
this with my lancome 5x colleser eye serum
it has a light herbal scent
combined with philosophy microderm exfoliating wash in the morning
i don't wear foundation or powder
i like to have dewy skin that looks like i drink several bottles of water a day
i also use their toner, eye product, etc.
i switched to this moisturizer after using benefiance day emulsion for the last 6 years
love this face lotion
i love to dab it around my eyes as it is very moisturizing
your mascara will come off
with my regular moisturizers
i actually use this as a night cream because its really moisturizing
like some creams can
most lotions for me either don't work
s from forgetting to sunscreen them for a 15 minute bike ride
the shiseido bio-performance whitening cream is everything to me
i deff recommend this moisturizer to anyone with problem prone skin
truthfully i have not seen any whitening from any product that claims to whiten
except for the simple whitening of crest whitestrips
is super moisturizing without causing any breakouts
it moisturizes my face
however was afraid to try something for deep moisturizing b/c i am prone to breakouts
then moving on to regular antiaging moist
switched over from the regular bio-performance advance super revitalizer to the whitening
it feels a bit too heavy if i use sunscreen
just apply under-eye concealer
that's why i love the sheseido line especially the sunscreen products
after washing my face with this cleanser
use heavy duty moisturizers i haven't had that problem
i love this cleanser.
find that after use it moisturizes
moisturizers i apply after cleansing
my skin is combination
i love fresh soy face cleanser
with the exception of waterproof liquid eyeliner
ready for my daily moisturizing regimen
the cleanser has an astringent effect that i often confuse for my skin being dry from the product
and it is only a cleanser!
you need to use toner after using this foam
i am using this cleanser with my boscia konjac sponge
this cleansing foam is great for my skin.
this is my favorite cleansing foam for nighttime use
after applying my moisturizer my skin was fine
after your put toner
this is my favourite cleanser
the cleanser is foaming
i switched to just using it at night with my heavier night moisturizing cream
use a more hydrating cleanser in the morning
i wish they had the body wash version of this cleanser
younger or acne prone skin may need a toner
dryer or older skin may need extra moisturizing
this cleanser is part of a skin care regimen if you choose to use all or parts of it
i love this cleanser.
use it with the toner and sunscreen.
this isnt even an anti acne cleanser
am positive the pimples are not because of the cleanser
it says foaming cleanser
i love this cleanser
use toner or moisturizer.
i want to get the moisturizing lotion now
i love this cleanser.
use it with moisturizer
would recomend using a serum or cream after your wash
i love this cleanser!
acne on my face
fresh after washing with this foaming cleanser
my skin has been having a natural glow since i started using this cleanser plus the moisturizers from this line
great non-drying cleanser
this is my #1 cleansing foam
consider this as well: i use heavy mascara
if you're looking to this as a solution for hyperpigmentation
or even home remedies like lemon juice
while i used a lot of sunscreen
f your skin requires gentle cleansers
this cleansing foam is absolute!
it is supreme to any other cleansers.
i love this cleansing foam.
this is the perfect cleansing foam
i love this cleanser
2ox tube lasted longer than my 5 oz or is it 6oz tube of murad cleanser
i love this cleanser!
didn't notice an exfoliating effect
just the right amount of moisturizing properties as well
this is a lightweight emulsion
greasy in my skin like most moisturizers with spf
it moisturizes without making my skin breakout like most products with spf in them
the white powder thats included in the formulation
i apply in the morning after an exfoliating cleanser
it is a thinner moisturizer
it is basically a day moisturizer
this emulsion provides just the right amount of hydration for my combination skin
i love this lotion!
this moisturizer goes on light and smooth.
this moisturizer is perfect for combination skin type people
it is a great lightweight moisturizer with an spf included
unlike every other everyday moisturizer i've tried
after trying a million different moisturizers
this is my moisturizer for spring and summer.
wanted a light moisturizer with sunscreen
this emulsion is amazing in the morning
adequately moisturizing my face through the day
this emulsion is perfect in the morning with some spf protection
its moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
i like how light the lotion is considering it has spf
i think its the emulsion
i got combination skin
it feels like sunblock lotion that you apply on top of your moisturizer
i love the feel of this lotion
i always use a serum before the moisturizer
the day moisturizer is ok.
a good product with a spf as a daily moisturizer though
it's moisturizing yet ideal for combination/oily skin
this is my absoulte fave moisturizer to use after washing my face
some moisturizers tend to be cakey under makeup
there are very few facial creams that i buy twice
protects my skin while moisturizing at the same time
now i am getting the toner!
i love this moisturizer (including the scent).
benefiance concentrated anti-wrinkle eye cream
a moisturiser/on the warm days i use an emulsion with spf 15
she use only cleanser
like a moisturizer with spf that i can use every morning
i will say that while this is not the most moisturizing cream
provides a good base for a tinted moisturizer
not if you need an intensive moisturizer
not cream blush but eyeliner & mascara.
it's only a skin "brightener"
this cream is light
the moisturizing cream is just right not too watery
shiseido products take care of your skin
i love this moisturizer.
of course, i put sunscreen over it.
this cream is very moisturizing
maybe a bit too moisturizing for my skin type
i also use the brightening cleanser
except the spf 16 lotion
the texture of this moisturizer is light
the only complaint i have is it's not very moisturizing
this facial wash does not create foam like those with sulfates
i just use my clarins whitening
i didn't put on my sunscreen for a month during the summer
this never caused any troubleit's hard to find moisturizing cream that doesn't cause breakouts
i like shiseido skin products.
no need for concealer
it does it's job of moisturizing
not some drugstore eye cream
i prefer clinique creams
i've tried many eye creams
like i said, its miracle cream.
i often get dermatitis on the under eye area during allergy season
texture in an eye cream to help prevent wrinkles
i could still wear under concealer
this cream is super moisturizing which is great for my dry skin
definitely moisturizing without looking or feeling greasy
this is the cream for you
this stuff is really moisturizing and drys fast.
i've tried a few different moisturizers
have had to use multiple concealers to cover them
my underage concealer goes on smooth with no creases like with some other eye creams/gels i have tried
definitely on the moisturizing side
i've used lots of other types of eye creams
i def recommend the rich eye cream.
go out it hydrates the skin all day
this does help my concealer blend in better
still i would purchase again because of how moisturizing the cream is
this is an excellent emollient moisturizer for people with very dry skin
i do find it is just a really good moisturizing eye cream
makes a great base for concealer or eye makeup
this is my eye cream.
it's super moisturizing too.
what a creamy, moisturizing eye cream!
countless eye creams have i tried
rich and moisturizing without being greasy.
also, apply your face cream before eye cream!
i can confirm it does help with moisturizing
i wanted to start using eye cream as a preventative treatment
verso super eye serum
i get crappie looking concealer
want a nice rich moisturizing eye cream
i know that this cream is moisturizing
my skin can take potent acids
most gentle cleansers are aimed at dry skin
try the farmacy cleansing balm
this product is made with extracts
enzymes which is all so so great for the skin
i didn't find it to be exfoliating
the skin care consultant at sephora explained to me that this is because the product does not contain sulfate
was probably due to the sulfate
this cleansing gel is great!
it is like a serum.
it feels like the cleanser that my esthetician uses during facial- watery gel serum
excess sebum over other gel cleansers
this cleanser is free of harsh irritants.
i still use a toner after because its a must!!!!
basic cleanser for combination skin
works with natural surfactants
took a while to get used to this cleanser not foaming
using it as my morning cleanser
it is the cleanser i use for a reason
a saleslady suggested this cleanser when i asked for a cleanser good for oily skin
i switched to this after using fresh soy face cleanser for a while
must be the bioactives
as compared to my old cleanser that had more synthetics in it
i love this cleanser.
i found this gel removes makeup better than the cream cleanser they carry
this cleanser is comparable to fresh's soy facial cleanser
needed a cleanser to help with smoothing my skin appearance
this cleanser does a great job of cleaning my skin without drying it
i love this cleanser.
clear-calm acne night serum in the evening
this cleanser is the perfect cleanser for me!
i would recommend ren cleansers
then applied my moisturizer
i normally don't like gel cleansers
this gel actually removes all makeup except waterproof mascara--it does fine with waterproof liner
i like this cleanser.
this was recommended by an in-store associate when i asked for a natural cleanser/toner
this facial cleanser is very light
blue cypress facial wash as a a therapeutic cleansing finale
moisturizing product mildly lathers into what feels more like a treatment than a face wash
this facial wash is amazing
it's a treat to wash my face with this ren's cleanser
this gel-based gentle cleanser is cooling to my face
the gel doesn't foam
for a cleanser to work for me
i've tried a ton of products for combo skin
my skin is combination
that using this face soap with korres yogurt cream had helped her alot
in the morning i use witchhazel as toner before the face cream
before this i used cellex-c which was anti-bacterial except it had a lot of chemicals
this cleanser shouldn't foam or lather
i felt that ren's calendula
arctic blackcurrant seed cleansing milk wash for sensitive skin was much better for me
ren completely calms my skin even during the worst hormonal breakouts
i can even skip toner
this cleanser works wonders.
ed to the salicylic acid spot treatment i've added on
great product that works together with the ren facial scrub
there are so many chemicals in cosmetics
this is currently my favorite facial cleanser!
since this is a gel
this cleanser does wonders for combo skin
i've tried so many cleansers
i love this cleanser!
my skin is combination
this moisturizer was recommended to me by a sephora employee
when paired with caudalie's beauty elixir as a toner
a salesperson at the store explained that this cleanser uses essential oils to clean the skin
gentle daily facial wash
but not with this cleansing milk.
it is a very mild cleanser -- i don't wear makeup
testing tons of creamy/milky/gentle cleansers because i have very reactive
rosacea with break outs
do a good job of moisturizing
this cleanser is so hydrating
always used a foam cleanser
moisturizing while it removes all of my makeup
i even have a cleansing balm that won't remove my waterproof mascara
this cleanser is super light
this cleansing milk is part of my daily routine
this cleanser is a winner
this was my first cleansing milk product to use
i like using creamy cleansers on my dry
had to try this cleansing milk
this is not a cleanser that will remove makeup.
most facial cleansers leave my face feeling dry
slap moisturizer on my face
i love this cleanser.
following up with vichy moisturizer
i tried cheap drug store cleansers claiming to be natural
so you will want to use the cleansing water/toner product from ren first
this product is very moisturizing.
the ren clarifying clay cleanser
note that it is a cream
gross like most cleansers i have tried
this is the only cleansing product that didn't invoke my rosacea
the salesperson suggested i try the ren gentle cleansing milk instead
moisturizing and great for sensitive skin.
i keep the evercalm gentle cleansing milk in my shower
typically i just use a tinted moisturizer or cc cream
using the clinique cleansing balm followed by this ren cleanser
i love that it is made without parabens
while it's marketed as a cleanser
i like it for it's moisturizing qualities
have tried many different lotions
i didn't use my normal skin cleanser
love using this cleanser as my second cleanse in the evening
oil with my cleansing balm
either rens purifying balm or clinique take the day off
i used this cleanser
the ren jojoba microbead cleanser
serums it is craving 'milk' based cleansers
i love this cleanser.
rosacea-prone skin that is also dehydrated
i am on a mission for sulfate-free cleansers for face
therefore it doesn't lather like sulfate filled soap
upset after chemical exfoliation
smells herbal, milky formula.
this cleanser is not foamy
also love that its free of parabens
this milk cleanser definitely does that.
hydrating cleanser for dry sensitive skin
i would cleanse first with a makeup remover
my dermatologist recommended this for me to try
i love this cleansing milk.
am using rx acne medication
really need a non-drying cleanser
i need to use a foaming cleanser
this has coconut oil-women
i am also using the clearcalm night acne cream which reduces redness in my acne by morning by at least 30%
synthetic dyes or fragrances are important to me
on top of my acne medication!
i am so surprised this cleanser isn't the #1 cleanser at sephora
i've tried the sensitive skin cleansers from kate sommerville
the cleansing milk is hard to find
i like to use this as a makeup remover before using my regular cleanser
while also moisturizing my skin without oiliness
i needed something more moisturizing for winter
i normally use ren's gel wash for combination skin
normally i massage it into my skin
i like the korres milk protein cleanser i got at the same time better
soothing, moisturizing, and non-irritating.
soothing, moisturizing, calming and rinses clean.
because i'm not used to milky cleanser.
a lot of cleansers irritate my skin
i love that it is probiotic and plant based!
this is sunscreen and she is in heaven.
the ren sensisitve cleansing milk wash has been a lifesaver
in the pm i am using the hydracalm milky cleanser
itchy rash i had due to using sulfate cleansers
just massage it in
arctic blackcurrant seed cleansing milk wash is also a fabulous eye makeup remover
colors or any chemicals
first time i use an eye cream/gel.
this eye gel is light and cooling.
the best eye gel for puffiness
since using this eye gel
the ren eye gel is moisturizing
i love this gel.
this gel is for you
it was hard to pay $45 for a 15 ml bottle
the gel formula is cooling
use with a concealer to mask all dark circles.
this gel is full of great ingredients that nourish the area around the eye
this gel is moisturizing and very light.
i am allergic to most eye creams
is not very moisturizing so she still wears a moisturizer over it
it's not super moisturizing or anything
undereye puffiness for years
has all natural ingredients
creams usually don't work
've been doubling up with the ren lipovector peptide anti-wrinkle eye cream
given that it has all natural ingredients without parabens
some night moisturizers are really heavy
the active botanical in the v-cense
this night cream works.
great if you aren't a fan of synthetic fragrances
night creams to be soothing
this is my hg night lotion.
it's the right balance of intensive moisturizing without ever being heavy or greasy
my skin is combination
it's very lightweight and moisturizing.
i used this every night for the past 4 weeks along with omega 3 serum
please see my ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask review
it has a light herbal smell
although the smell is quite medicinal
alternate it with a retinol or lactic acid product
i also love that it doesn't have parabens or mineral oils
one of the first ingredient is chamomile
it seems very herbal
for being such a moisturizing
it's very moisturizing without feeling greasy or heavy
i really like the strong herbal scent
while products like this can be compared to drugstore creams
i found a lotion by a br
moisturizes for around $5 at the natural section in my grocery store
use it along side of the omega 3 serum
especially when used with the omega 3 serum
many other natural moisturizers don't last through the night
with this night cream
when used on top of the omega 3 serum
they have a great detoxifying mask that i love.
i usually like frankincense
i especially like the ren line for its clay cleanser
i like the natural ingredients
've replaced this with my $230 clinique cx de-aging cream
beyond any moisturizer i've ever used…
dash of sunscreen to face the world?
it works really well with serums
i love this night moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer
ole's red tea foaming cleanser
it helps my skin heal from dry skin caused by acne medicine
who says night creams have to be rich
this is packed with good vitamins for the skin
it's definitely very moisturizing.
i recommend this cream.
the ingredients are all natural.
i ordered this mask to help combat acne
it's detoxifying without striping my skin.
i think it's the spirulina in the formula
so remember to have your toner
i take it off with clinique clarifying lotion
helps with calming acne breakouts
this detox mask felt great on
9 out of 10 products that are hypoallergenic i have a reaction too-
my skin in normal with out acne
the rubbing seems to help with exfoliation as well
excess sebum from the face
i love the natural ingredients
f you have rosacea or sensitive skin
we bought the serum
my go to acne cleanser for over 3 years.
this cleanser is the only one that's ever helped with my hormonal acne
i sometimes do need to use stronger topical creams for the stubborn stress related acne
minus the waterproof mascara
i would get a few hormonal breakouts
e that to the high percent of glycolic acid
tretinoin cream which i've been prescribed by my derm
i also used a witch hazel toner after each cleansing
using this a exfoliator or brush really does help
i exfoliate when rinsing the product off
uses a nice way of chemically exfoliating the buildup of dead skin
due to diet choices-i know
it is 2% salicylic acid
i think that might be the glycolic acid.
hormonal/cystic acne that just won't budge
the ain't misbehavin serum
this makes hormonal acne disappear in a few days
the cleanser is great for my acne prone skin.
wish it was free of parabens.
benzol peroxide bar soap
i started getting awful hormonal acne
i've tried a lot of different acne cleansers
clinique anti blemish solutions kit
if the active ingredients in this cleanser don't irritate your skin
omly i started getting hormonal acne almost a year ago
i like the cleanser.
my hormonal acne started getting worse
i recommend this product to anyone who is suffering with acne- especially hormonal acne
hormonal acne for 2 years
did a great job clearing up my occasional hormonal acne
perfect for hormonal acne and light acne.
milky when most acne cleansers are gel/foam
pair it with ain't mis behaving serum.
because the cleanser contains glycolic acid
mattifying sunscreen because its oil-free
this cleanser is exactly what i needed for my acne prone skin
i actually stumbled upon it by searching for glycolic acid
salicylic acid in the ingredients filter
the absolute best to clean up hormonal acne.
i began having hormonal
my hormonal cystic acne returned
i think this is a life changer for those with hormonal acne
products that hydrate don't do anything for the oil/acne
follow it with eucerin redness corrector lotion
a light fragrance free moisturizer
corrected lotion for the extra moisture
when i weaned myself off of hormonal birth control
it is not overly moisturizing
this cleanser is milky
antibiotic pills that have barely shown a difference
find that using no other acne treatments or medicated cleansers will prevent any irritation
especially hormonal should try this
cheaper than the dermadoctor ain't misbehavin serum
the serum did work to keep acne at bay
this totally works against hormonal/stress acne.
for some reason this cleanser loves my skin
i've tried everything from drugstore treatments to prescription
other than that i love this cleanser!
i even went to a dermatologist who prescribed me antibiotics
i also recommend the serum
the acne serum however did get returned because it piled when i put moisturizer over it
corrected moisturizer for about a month
maybe half the credit should go to that serum for my acne-control
normally i use the purity cleanser for a day to day
the consistency is like a lotion
i did add the acne control serum to my regimen
i am in my late 20's and have hormonal acne.
this doesn't foam up like normal cleansers however for having acne medication in it
my hormonal acne did look better
4 years ago was put on prescription topical acne meds
now in my mid 20s i'm facing hormonal acne
creams did nothing for this type of hormonal acne
the serum that goes with it
this product works but it goes on like a lotion.
struggles during hormonal breakouts
one of the lovely sephora ladies made me a sample of ain't misbehavin acne serum
along with the acne control serum
she was telling me that one of the best ingredients in these products is the tea tree oil which is amazing for the inflammation associated with cystic acne
she said that these products were formulated specifically with hormonal women in mind
that all the ingredients fight the hormonal imbalances that we tend to have
this plus the serum
follow it with ain't misbehavin' intensive skin clarifying sulfur acne mask
then use the acne serum as well 2x with sunblock during the day so this is just awesome get it
after i wash my face at night i use the medicated acne control serum
especially with exfoliation products
it has acne fighting ingredients
makes product for homonal acne
i find it best to pat the serumrather than rub the serum
within 2 weeks of using this serum my acne cleared right up
then apply face moisturizer over it
i applied this serum twice a day
i will be purchasing the full serum
the serum is helpful but it is pricey
battle hormonal breakouts at areas around my mouth
then my regular moisturizer
i am prone to acne
this one seems to be the answer for my oily skin with hormonal acne
no more hormonal pimples!
i struggle with horrible hormonal acne
this serum is amazing!
i get hormonal acne on my chin
like a lot of acne products do
one of the sales associates with beautiful skin told me she uses this for her hormonal acne
my skin type: acne prone
really helps me with my hormonal acne
i don't find it hydrating or drying which works for me
anyone with hormonal acne should give this a try.
i've never had a better serum.
i also use the acne cleanser which is also amazing
i absolutely love this gel although it pills when i apply moisturizer over it
high end acne products to treat hormonal acne along the jawline
they recommend this serum
the pimple was an "active breakout" i applied the serum
they r hormonal acne
this has made a difference on my hormonal breakouts
this serum keeps the breakouts around my mouth at bay
i love this serum a little goes a long way
i've tried scores of products and treatments.
i've completely changed my diet
even when i fall off the diet wagon
i will never go another day without this serum.
i love this serum
my hormonal breakouts at bay
be sure and use a moisturizer after it!
this does have salicylic acid
the serum cleared my adult acne
until my hormones kick in
i love that i can use this with my other serums
this serum takes away the redness
this acne control serum minimizes any breakouts
this serum is formulated really well
i feel that this was a superior acne serum in comparison to many that i have tried
after reading some positive reviews about ain't misbehavin' medicated acne control serum
i am on antibiotics
which now i know is cystic acne which i'm going to assume is hormonal
i cannot say enough about this serum.
bought this serum as well as the cleanser
buy this magic potion!
now i struggle with severe hormonal acne.
or slow acting like low dose oral antibiotics such as minocycline
i apply a dot of this serum directly
good for an overall topical medication
when i start layering my other serum
of course i used it in synergistic with the ain't misbehavin' cleanser though
on my stubborn acne when used in conjunction with the cleanser
i highly recommend this product to anyone with cystic/hormonal acne
use this product along with dermadoctor ain't misbehavin' medicated aha/bha acne cleanser
this serum is amazing
was recommended this serum
i used the face cleanser then this serum on top before i went to bed
this has worked better than any other acne serum that i've used
i will continue to use this when i enter my premenstrual
most often when i am pre-menstrual
put on an spf 15 moisturizer
i would honestly recommend this serum to anyone!
great treatment for pimples.
this and the cleanser is all i need!!
both from my derm
apparently it's formulated esp to treat hormonal-related acne
the moisturizer pulls at the serum
same happened with my clinique serums
this serum is sooo light on my skin!!
dosen't intrfer with my daily moisturizer
perfect texture for an exfoliating product.
i recently purchased the facial cleanser
this product as a line to help clear up my facial acne
or as universally as aint misbehavin medicated serum
the best over the counter topical treatment i've found for severe acne
i do think that something stronger is needed for hormonal acne
on combo with purity
is okay to finding on purity the perfect everyday face cleanser
is an extra help on conjunction with purity cleanser
on my opinion cleanser
i tried switching it our for a conditioner pump
like exfoliating beads that is gentle enough to use everyday
they added vitamin c
in the morning i use the murad acne clarifying cleanser
give this gentle exfoliator a try
a few years ago i discovered this exfoliating wash
i pair it with the purity cleanser
exfoliate my clean skin in the morning with philosophy's microdelivery exfoliating wash
also that exfoliating needed to be done on clean skin so that the scrubbers didn't scrub in makeup from the day
i find that if i follow this with a toner
i received this exfoliating face wash as a deluxe sample
after using this exfoliating i noticed that my skin regenerates faster than before
i've never used an exfoliant on a daily basis that didn't irritate my skin
i notice that if i exfoliate before
i love this exfoliant.
it's more or less odorless
this provides great exfoliation for the face!
i quickly found that moisturizing daily is a must when using this
use a serum or a moisturizer immediately after
this is my go-to facial wash!
holy mother of skin-care products!
one recommended this face wash
i love this microdelivery exfoliating wash.
though i pair it with the philosophy facial cleanser
was needing some major exfoliation
i follow up after shower with a serum
i love that this cleanser can exfoliate at the same time
exfoliator for everyday use
this is the best exfoliator and mini peel!
i love this exfoliating face wash.
before philosophy microdelivery wash i used cliniques exfoliator
microdelivery exfoliator is perfect for night time routine or to prep the skin before applying makeup
none of the exfoliating stuff
this exfoliator has done nothing to them at all
-i don't use this product as a makeup remover
this cleanser is not only gentle
through the purity cleanser
i love the exfoliating quality
this is a great gentle exfoliating scrub
it also provides gret exfoliation without irritating my face
ok so even though i've been moisturizing heavily
it is not over exfoliating at all
soothing with tiny exfoliating scrubs that helps
not moisturize your skin
the exfoliating beads are minuscule
i've tried a lot of various exfoliating products
this exfoliating face wash is fantastic.
this is a foaming wash
love this face cleanser.
the enzymes didn't seem to do anything
i always cleanse with a gentle cleanser both morning
use this exfoliator after
this is a gentle exfoliating cleanser to use every day
the first time i used this exfoliating wash
still a great exfoliator/cleanser
i got this product as in came with the purity cleanser
i love this cleanser for daily use
each wash is followed by hope in a jar moisturizer
i decided i needed a better exfoliating wash
i can't get enough of this exfoliating wash.
i like to cleanse with purity
i also use the purity cleanser at night.
this wash is exfoliating without completely drying my skin out
i love this cleanser.
this exfoliator is perfect for my sensitive skin.
i am an exfoliating junkie
every other exfoliating product pales in comparison
i've tried a lot of different exfoliants
it is effective as an exfoliating scrub
have to watch out with exfoliation products
if you're in the market for an anti-aging vitamin c serum
this serum has the highest level of stabilized vitamin c sephora carries
this serum is amazing
under la mer moisturizer
after reading reviews about this serum
i just splash a little bit of my toner into my palm along with the serum then apply to my face
use this product twice a day with sunscreen
major exfoliation as that process really dries my skin
this serum really smoothes in well afterwards
feels so good with this serum
after a recent consultation with my dermatologist i became aware of the importance of putting vitamin c back into my skin
i realize this serum is uber-pricey
i decided to give this a shot after trying 2 other vitamin c serums from philosophy
gross' vitamin c wouldn't hurt either
this is one of the best vitamin c products on the market because of the delivery into the skin
it is definitely thick as a serum
this serum is truly a miracle worker.
i wash my face, use toner, and then this.
no moisturizer or other serums.
the alpha beta peel
i think that's because of the vitamin c in this serum
decided to brave the day without any foundation or concealer
md skincare's vitamin c serum has really improved the look of my skin
then apply moisturizer as well
s of vitamin c serums
this serum has few forms of vitamin c in high enough concentration to ensure its efficiency for the synthesis of collagen
helps make your moisturizers work better.
this is one of the best vitamin c products out there
facial product of all time
this was recommended by paula begoun as a great nighttime moisturizer that benefits skin
works better as far as moisturizing since my skin can get flaky from bp
i love it also has a lottttt of good antioxidant ingredients so you get what you pay for
r in-between my chemical exfoliant
light primer during the day with cerave hydrating face wash
*i use as a day and night moisturizer
i've gone through a lot of night moisturizers
no perfume to irritate the skin.
having tried fresh seaberry oil before my serum
the chanel hydrating serum
nothing compares to this moisturizer
this nighttime moisturizer softens the skin
no fragrance, and antioxidants is a plus.
the sales rep recommended this night moisturizer to help prevent skin again irritants
the formula is packed with antioxidants
i like this night moisturizer during the summer
bought this product to use in conjunction with the redness solutions daily creme
has beneficial antioxidant ingredients
definitely like that it has antioxidant effects.
it moisturises my skin
i like the extra moisturizing power of the night one
it is really a lotion
uber emollient under eye moisturizers that really didn't provide the long term benefits that this product does
i dont like that chemical, lotion-y smell.
it's lightweight yet moisturizing.
my skin is combination
this moisturizer has kept that tendency at bay
it's packed full of antioxidants
is unscented making it superior to almost all moisturizers available on the market
just during my menstrual cyle
i consider this moisturizer my life saver!
tried this product with clinique superdefense spf 25 age defense moisturizer dry combination
night after applying toner
i like that it has the added benefit of antioxidants
i also use the superdefense day cream spf 25
it will prevent oxidative damage from occurring
you'll need a retinoid like retin-a or skinmedica retinol
soothes the irritation from my pharmaceutical-grade retinol product
antioxidant boost at night just in case any sun damage gets through my sunscreen
so look to this as a great moisturizer with no irritants
works great on eczema patches
i loved my first bottle of this night moisturizer
if this one becomes too moisturizing
i also like the moisture surge night moisturizer.
this moisturizer helps control it
paula begoun includes these clinique formulations on her "best" list for moisturizers with impressive amounts of antioxidants
since i am now of an age where i actually need the moisturizing step --in addition to sunscreen--this is a no brainer
very moisturizing for night time and not greasy.
finally found this moisturizer
moisturizes with a lighter h
iim def a set fan of this moisturizer for life...
while this is an amazing product with all its antioxidants
the antioxidant benefits are excellent
clinique super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer helps keep my skin soft
a lot of antioxidants lose thier ability to enrich your skin with nutrients onced exposed to oxegen
with the help of skin ceuticals
switched to super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer
ing the change to the lotion
this product is unscented
this moisturizer is full of antioxidants
i alternate this moisturizer with a retinol product every other night
i am combination skin
be sure to apply sunscreen over the top of it
i love that it has antioxidants
i would get a allergic reaction to it
this is a nice antioxidant moisturizer.
i love cliniques moisture online creme
it even works well with my retinol from the derm.
this is an intensive moisturizer
the combination skin / oily version of this is my nightly equivalent to my am superdefense spf 25 age defense moisturizer
after washing my face in the pm with a 2 % salicylic acid cleanser for exfoliation
has all the things you need for a nighttime moisturizer
it has tones of antioxidants in it
this is an ideal moisturizer for combination skin
use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
i need a thicker moisturizer
only moisturizer i can use.
this night cream is chockful of antioxidants
love this face lotion
le very many lotions
this moisturizer is no different
whatever anti-oxidants are in this
i find this moisturizer heals my skin restoring its vibrancy
i like this moisturizer.
i normally use heavy face cream at night to moisturize
my mom both recommended clinique skin care products
i love this moisturizer
during the day be sure to wear sunscreen over it because it has no sun protection
i put continuous rescue moisturizer first because i want the antioxidants directly on my skin
my dermatologist told me it has lots of great antioxidants
this is my second tube of this moisturizer.
still want the benefits of the unwrinkle line because i love the peptides cocktail
it is like a light lotion
it is easily spreadable
i actually put some unwrinkle serum into that jar
i has tons of antioxidants
is moisturizing without being greasy
lips as antioxidant treatment
under hiat for the potent antioxidants
it was sold to me as a "serum" to use before my daily moisturizer
is this product meant to be used as a serum as well
bye bye undereye bags
the fact that i could use a serum
works excellent with a cream concealer
i've tried a bunch of expensive eye creams
for the undereye area as this product alone was not hydrating enough under my concealer
i've tried numberous eye creams
this eye cream is moisturizing without being greasy so concealer doesn't crease
the only other serum that competes with this one in the market is kate sumerville eye cream
it seems that some of the peptides in the ingredients actually work like botox
i love this lightweight moisturizer
extreme sensitivity to every moisturizer i tried out
from day one of using the umbrian clay lotion i noticed a difference
then wash my face with their soy cleanser
finish my routine with this lotion
often moisturizers i use will give me an allergic reaction even after using for months
thankfully this cream moisturizer my skin
since it's one of the better moisturizers i've tried
followed by ptr aha/acne clearing gel then this before makeup forever matte foundation
it's not extremely moisturizing
it isn't highly moisturizing
i pair it with the caudal beauty elixir for extra hydration
i love this moisturizer
i think that using it with the fresh serum under the oil free lotion will help even more
i love this lotion!
i've tried drugstore moisturisers that are "oil-free" only to have greasy residue left on my face
use it in combination with the mattifying serum
i am always searching for a oil-free moisturizers
as well as the soy face cleanser
this is a great product to use with the serum
however it is not the most moisturizing
this is my staple go-to lotion which i apply after my kiehl's calendula toner
this moisturizer in combination with the fresh soy cleanser has made my skin balanced
i highly recommend this moisturizer for people oily skin in need of moisture
this daily moisturizer is absolute perfection.
it smells very much like the soy face cleanser
i love the smell of this lotion
once i realized that not moisturizing might be making the oil worse
i love this moisturizer!!!
have been using various mattifying moisturizers for years
with the umbrian clay moisturizer my skin is still shine free after twelve hours
this moisturizer is amazing
this lotion is light
this product hydrates my skin
i will be sticking with this moisturizer
works with my liquid or powder foundations
i love this moisturizer!
i stopped using this for a while to try a much more expensive hydrating serum that my aesthetician recommended
apply the serum over any extra dry areas
i started using the soy face wash
decided to try the umbrian clay face lotion
it helps moisturize under tazorac
with other moisturizers i would wake up with a mask of oil
this lotion is lightweight
layer sunscreen over it
to moisturize skin that has lost moisture
i like this product when i use it with the umbrian mattifying serum
it is very moisturizing
i love this face lotion as a follow up with the facial cleanser
this oil-free lotion is the first i've ever used that is moisturizing enough for my cheeks
the lotion is great for combination skin.
even the moisturizers that are made for oily skin
this umbria clay lotion has been a godsend.
this lotion is perfect!
natural than applying a drug or taking antibiotics
i also use the soy face cleanser daily
just use this moisturizer
this lotion is great for my skin
so that i do not have to put a sunscreen on top
natural-no parabens or petroleum based chemicals in their formulas
i love this moisturizer!!
i love trying any new moisturizers that are geared for oily skin
i started with the fresh soy cleanser about 6mons ago
this moisturizer has done wonders for my skin.
this face lotion provides the right amount of moisture
if i used moisturizer
when i started to use this moisturizer
after looking around for a moisturizer that was lightweight
the ultra moisturizing first aid beauty ultra repair cream for my oily/ combo skin
the saleseperson highly recommended this product when i asked about oil-free moisturizer for my oily/combo skin
this has the right amount of moisture i was using the clinique gel lotion beforre this
i like this moisturizer
this face lotion actually helps absorb the oil on my face after applying tinted moisturizer
especially the soy collection
not super moisturizing or heavy
also contains some form of vitamin c
this is a good moisturizer
the daytime bienfait multi-vital is this one lacks sunscreen
i find the multi-vital with sunscreen leaves my skin greasier
you have the option of using the night formula for daytime use in lieu of the formula with sunscreen
some people complain about the smell of the sunscreen
this night cream is very moisturizing
i pair this with the lancome genefique serum.
or because of this cream
plus it has vitamins
the alcohol-free freshener every night
it helps to not only moisturize
the bienfait multi-vital spf 30 lotion
high potency daily moisturizing lotion
serum under it at night.
i love all of lancome's moisturizers.
it is very moisturizing.
it is so moisturizing
moisturizer once per day
i love the clinique dramatically different gel moisturizer
for anyone use a moisturizer with this product
the acne solution cream makes my skin peeling
as well as serums
anti aging creams to prevent premature aging
i wanted to try a moisturizer to help with dryness
this combined with a good exfoliant
frequency of acne on my skin
i still used my routine lotion after application
i definitely recommend buying the clinique acne solutions toner
the spot gel with it
i paired this with the acne clearing gel
almost all cleansers break my skin out
now after using this alot with the lotion
is essential during my hormonal breakouts
this in combination with the toner
i've used the clinique anti-bacterial soap for years
acne all over treatment
so using an exfoliating brush or tool when using this product is recommended
recommend this cleanser a lot
paired with the clinique moisture surge moisturizer
it has a medicine type smell
the clarifying lotion at night only
this cleanser does wonders
tried some cheaper acne cleansers
i love this cleanser
the acne treatment lotion
paired with acne solutions clinical clearing gel
i used it with the clinque acne solutions clearing gel
was using the murad acne kit
i read that foaming cleanser is good for hormonal acne
i started with the clinique acne tester kit
as well as the other clinique acne face lotions/solution
along with the lotion
moisturizer from the same line
as well as dermatologist prescribed pills
along with the toner
moisturizer in this line
in combination with the toner
i tried the murad cleanser
of course the drugstore cleansers
i no longer wear foundation or concealer
however i combat it with moisturizer
this lotion is good for acne prone skin because it won't clog your pores
i've tried all acne products
this contains salicylic acid which is good for acne skin
use good hydrating moisturizer after this.
if your skin gets dry, moisturise it.
i've used the liquid face soap for combo oily skin by clinique for years
i love this cleanser.
try their lotion as well
which is the foaming cleanser
it helped to cleanse my skin
facials to get rid of my acne
with any acne product
still haven't found the perfect toner
face feels cleaner than when i use other cleansers
try it with the cleaning lotion afterwards.
wash my face using this cleanser on my clarisonic
this is a facial cleanser that is exactly what it is described as: a mild
medicated cleanser that fights acne
so when i found out they had a cleanser for acne prone skin
this is really the only acne facial cleanser that keeps my skin under control
i like that it foams
i am not used to foaming cleansers
i find when i use the clarifying lotion
it took a while to find a great acne cleanser
i love clinique's acne solutions cleansing foam.
this medicated cleanser is so mild but effective.
moisturizer for about 4 yrs now
works over all my skin care products
goes on just like a lotion.
like gel based products
acne solutions clarifying lotion
this lotion is 5% bp
it will bleach colored clothing
use a 5% benzoyl peroxide cream from the drugstore to fight serious blemishes
i struggle with acne rosacea
perfect for hormonal acne if you have specific areas to target
i saw that it was a lotion as opposed to a gel
it has the right ingredients to fight acne
this is my magic potion
appearance of all my acne
be sure to moisturizer before spot treating.
use this product before moisturizer
before moisturizer 2xs a day
this lotion dries my acne up so quickly.
i like this acne treatment a lot.
the only thing to be cautious of is that the benzoyl peroxide in the product seemed to bleach my pillow case
add your facial moisturizer
i combine some of this with hope in a tube moisturizer
i apply after using the acne clearing moisturizer
this having benzoyl peroxide works great
i tried using the acne solutions spot healing gel at first
this gel-lotion contains benzoyl peroxide
my regimen at night is: i wash my face with the murad time release acne cleanser
then moisturize with the clinique even better skin tone correcting moisturizer
then i apply this gel-lotion on my pimples
i am prone to adult hormonal breakouts
i don't do well with products containing salicylic acid
i tried clinique's emergency gel-lotion years ago as an alternative to clearasil
this is my go-to product for spot treating acne
the gel-lotion takes care of it right away
since it's a lower benzoyl peroxide percentage than drugstore products
i am no stranger to topical cne products
while i do not like clinique's acne regimen i do like this spot treatment
unlike other benzoyl peroxide acne treatments
daily after using the clinique cleanser
i apply the clinique moisturizer after to prevent from drying my skin
before giving this a try i had tried kate summerville sulfur acne treatment a try
its really just the benzoyl peroxide.
although it is a high concentration of benzoyl peroxide
i loved the results compared to clinique spot healing gel
which is for milder acne
a little moisturizer fixes that
i dab this on the problem spot before bedtime after cleansing
apply my moisturizer as usual
i've paired this lotion with the murad exfoliating gel
i love that its 5% benzoyl peroxide
the moisturizer on any pimples i have
i always want to try different cleanser for my acne/blemishes
my acne is gone
use different active ingredients-salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide
feel of the acne gel-lotion
you just have to choose whether you want benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid
i like this acne solutions emergency gel-lotion
i put it on right after applying my toner.
my derm put me on retin-a
i never was into cleansers or facial products prior to trying this combination of products
this is a holy grail acne remover.
blemishes from acne breakouts
this product will make you burn in the sun if not worn with sunscreen
if you struggle from scars you should wear sunscreen because the sun will increase the darkness of the scaring
other than the sun sensitivity i swear by this product it works miracles
always moisturizer and wear sun screen
flawless skinfor marks use serum
after one weeks of serum
works great for my redness after acne.
it treats existing zits
i exfoliate with a boscia sponge because it's not as intense
around my chin as i was struggling with hormonal acne
my moisturizer has spf 47
then i used ptr 10 percent glycolic toner wait ten minutes then spray my face with clinique moisture spray
i would recommended to anyone with acne scars
mostly hormonal at that time of the month
this serum has changed my life
then use this serum
i am a huge fan of glycolic acid.
sunspots or as a spot treatment
i must warn everyone: hydroquinone is a very potent chemical
the lady that does my facials actually suggested that i use this product because i have a lot of post acne spots on my chin from hormonal breakouts
application: i wash my face in the morning with an exfoliating scrub
while i was taking an oral contraceptive
i even tried laser procedures with a dermatologist
you should use makeup or face cream with spf
off since i am also using a retinol from my derm
the lightening ingredients in this gel work
tea tree extracts will help treat acne with anti-inflammatory
hydroquinone works on the dark spots
it's usually recommended to avoiding tanning
or to at least apply sunscreen while using such products
this lightener is everything.
btw i really recommend shisedo sunscreen
i loved the results i got from this serum.
here are the cons: it uses hydroquinone
hydroquinone also makes your skin extra sensitive to everything that could irritate
then take 3 months off due to the hydroquinone
i still continued to use the spf 30 moisturizer every morning
stop using my prescription acne medication
when i used it with benzoyl peroxide
make sure you keep up your sunscreen during the day- this will make you more photosensitive
substituting this for the exfoliation gel at night
he needs to use a toner
only he doesn't like the liquid toners
i love these toner pads so much!
i just use a pad to "cleanse"
never tried toner pads after cleansing
i still shameless buy this toner
before i moisturize after shaving
my boyfriend loves the anthony astringent toner pads
a toner is a toner is a toner!
anthony logistics astringent toner pads are my favorite pads because of their convenience
i started using anthonys astringent toner pads 6 months ago
blackheads that i have
one of our teens was introduced to these anthony logistics for men astringent toner pads by a friend
best product for a quick facial wash.
less oli and the pores titer!
i like this toner a lot
he started using my murad toner
i apply the acne treatment afterwards
neck before or after i use my regular facial cleanser
i appreciate that these are formulated with natural ingredients
the pads are gently exfoliating
these toner pads are really great
i usually dont use astringent pads
i started with the small bottle of toner only which came with the travel kit
makeup remover provided in-store
saw a free sample of the anthony astringent toner pads
the cream is light
it is not moisturizing
i first tried the thirst serum
moisturizing sorbet after getting the free sample from my sephora points
i love this as a night time moisturizer
in conjunction with the vinoperfect radiance serum
cell renewal night cream is one such product.
my skin literally drinks this cream
it is so moisturizing
i just got this night cream along with the vinoperfect serum
tinted moisturizer as a deluxe sample
i love their tinted moisturizers
it goes sooo perfect with serum
i've tried to many different moisturizers.
specifically the serum followed by the night cream
i love this moisturizer!
i've tried a number of spot serums
in combination with the serum
after i use my vinoperfect serum
i highly recommend purchasing this + the radiance serum
i finally took the plunge with the vinoperfect cell renewal night cream + vinoperfect radiance serum
gave my skin some moisturizing that it needed.
i started getting addicted first to the moisturizing sorbet
decided to try a night moisturizer
got samples of their top night creams
om with the vinoperfect serum
it has also helped brighten my post-acne hyperpigmentation
this moisturizer is perfect for people with acne prone skin
this is coming from someone who has used la prairie platinum moisturizer
so even though i had hyperpigmentation problems i really didn't want to buy the vinoperfect serum
especially along with the serum.
this in combination with the the vinoperfect serum makes my skin looks so amazing
natural scented essential oils for some reason
neck after you apply serum
possibly the day moisturizer
this is a great lightweight moisturizer
i probably should have used the vinoperfect serum
even though the shiseido give better whitening results it irritated my skin
it was not moisturizing enough
i like this cream
i used this in conjunction with the serum.
a half my past of sun tanning
i love this product because it's non-greasy yet still very moisturizing
certain products can overstimulate or over moisturize
i used the serum before
i really like this lotion i have a sunspot on my face
i also purchased caudalie buffing cream
i like this cream.
excellent when used with vinoperfect serum
this is very moisturizing.
night versions of this cream with vinoperfect serum
i added the ptr retinol fusion pm serum under it
a night creme that does both?!?
tried so many creams
serums that helped "a little"
always with other ptr products like unwrinkle serum
the medications make my skin dry
smile lines it was preventative treatment lol
i think i like the lotion.
i am very picky about my facial moisturizers
the treatments are amazing
was recommended this product for preventative aging
wonderful wrinkle cream- very moisturizing
i noticed a difference almost immediately when used with the anti wrinkle serum which i also recommend
s that my dermatologist recommended to the $400 a jar stuff
i love this moisturizer for night use.
it is moisturizing, lifting and firming.
i started to use the un-wrinkle night moisturizer
its perfect at night moisturizing
i recommend rotating this product with the mega rich moisturizer as the unwrinkle night has retinol
also various drugstore cleansers
when i travel i use the clinique acne solutions cleansing foam instead
this soap is the exception.
i still get the occasional bit of hormonal acne
combined with a great moisturizing
remember to use a good moisturizer most acne products dry out your skin
i am 60 and i have mild rosacea.
i would recommend using a exfoliator before washing with the soap
you do need a exfoliating product
a spot medication for the still existing pimples after
this soap has been keeping my acne under control
a family member recommended clinique acne solutions cleansing bar
i suggest using a good moisturizer
except eyeshadow and eyeliner lol!
i used the foam clinique acne soap
because i follow it with the acne toner
no other serums made it feel like normal skin
use it with the toner
i tried different acne soaps
scent agents in soaps causes acne
i've recently gotten sick of liquid facial cleansers that i'd buy from drug stores
i started off using the foam cleanser
i started using this with the clarifying lotion
the matching clarifying lotion
as the other clinique soaps do
then use my toner right afterwards
i usually use the soap bar for combination skin
all-over acne clearing gel by clinique
then moisturize with the moisture surge gel moisturizer
including waterproof eye makeup
used the oily skin formula liquid soap
not only does the acne solutions line help with acne
got the acne solutions bar
the acne solutions clarifying lotion
to avoid stress breakouts i now use the acne solutions face soap
which is good for a daily cleanser
if you're wearing a bit of concealer
this soap was part of the 3 step acne solutions set
it is unscented and i like this.
my teenage son likes the clinique acne solutions cleansing face
clinique face soap has been a st
now the acne solutions formulation meets my daughters needs
i tried the murad clarifying body spray
i still recommend using lotion though
i've tried about every drugstore product for acne
the acne solutions moisturizer during the day
i find that moisturizing right out of the shower does the trick
the acne moisturizer at night
purchased this when i ran out of the foaming cleanser
i recently tried the clinique foaming cleanser which is okay
s massage into skin
it includes the foam cleanser
more effective than the murad acne body wash i was using for my back acne
i can see how unscented is better to please the masses
ready for facial and body lotion.
i happened to come across the clinique acne solutions cleansing face
tried so many cleansers and treatments.
plus it helps my acne
it is also very exfoliating.
i started using the foaming acne cleanser that came with the trial size kit at first
or at least a moisturizer
my acne is hormone/bacteria based: i get acne on my cheeks
i recommend this if you have body acne.
a light lotion is definitely needed for the after care
this soap doesn't do much for moisturizing
comparing the bar to the foaming cleanser
i love this as a body soap.
is way more affordable than the bottled cleansers
10 times better than the foam cleanser.
whereas the foaming cleanser
seriously, no need to buy the foaming cleanser.
gentil enough to use with perscription night acne lotion
my dermatologist prescribed me an acne ointment that provided little effect
this is my holy grail cleanser
i cannot use glycolic cleansers since they are too harsh
after makeup remover wipes
this cleanser will save your skin
when used with the boscia oil free moisturizer
i love this cleanser.
is good for a daily cleanser
i wear makeup everyday
i've recently been living this cleanser with boscis's acne sponge
i of course follow up with a moisturizer
this cleanser gets a great lather
this is my go-to cleanser!
i like to use the lotion as well 1x a day.
very many years ago my dermatologist recommended this cleanser to me
i love the smell of this cleanser.
i tried everything natural from calamine lotion to witch hazel to calm my skin down
i've tried so many cleansers
the gel peel is amazing
this cleanser is not only gentle
i've tried numerous acne cleaners to try
this wash is life
cannot use anything with salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide or it gets really dry
foaming effect of this formula
i tried baking soda solution as a cleanser
as well as apple cider vinegar
it helped with the dryness by letting me exfoliate without all the harshness of other exfoliators
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser removes all traces of makeup
it breaks down makeup and mascara.
this could be hormonal
this cleanser with the skin lotion is why my skin looks great without makeup
it does help with acne
it is a gel-to-foam cleanser, really lightweight.
the toner spray made my pores appear smaller
i do the same with this moisturizer.
boscia keeps making great product without parabens
have tried many cleansers
this cleanser, i use in the mornings.
though i still need an acne treatment
i love this cleanser!
le ingredients like glycolic acid
what i like:very mild fragrance
i appreciate that boscia is free of parabens
the complexion cleanser soothes my skin
started off with the purifying gel cleanser since you can't use salicylic acid while pregnant
once i use the hydrating toner it doesnt feel dry at all
prep my skin/pores for serums
is perfect for acne prone skin
along with the acne treatment
the balancing facial tonic
you must purchase this with the special cleansing sponge
i love this cleanser!!
because of this cleanser my skin is now
a lot of cleansers i would use
whether they be exfoliating or for breakout prone skin like mine
this cleanser has been my skin salvation
i follow this cleanser with a toner
which helps with exfoliation
i still get the monthly hormone pimples
i pair this with my eco tools charcoal cleansing sponge
it cleanses my face
great facial cleanser, doesn't dry out your skin!
even oily skin needs a moisturizer
follow with korres pomegranate moisturizer which is a freaking miracle for oily skin
def helped my acne
this serum is amazing!
tonic for the full benefits of the willow bark ingredient
tougher hormonal acne around my chin
usually just hormonal breakouts
which i have seems dermatologist to treat
i am also allergic to perfume/scents.
this might be a holy grail acne treatment for me.
as long i use it before i put on lotion/makeup
i get a lot of hyperpigmentation
including the hormonal acne i usually get associated with my period
it should be called miracle gel.
i just use a little vitamin e oil to take care of that
help with my acne
saw a few reviews using this as a light-weight moisturizer
its not hydrating or moisturizing enough for the dry winter months though
however i use a super moisturizing cream for my eyes
or simply an acne treatment serum that is not too harsh
hormone related acne along my jawline
night under my moisturizer
moisturizer in addition to this
i can tell you that i appreciate this treatment because it is gluten
i always use the clear complexion treatment as a spot treatment on acne
do still need to use a moisturizer with this product
this is my daily preventative measure against acne
this serum is lightweight.
it's kind of a gel, kind of a serum.
this gel really moisturizes my skin
i don't have acne
i love that the line is unscented
it helps with acne/baby acne
i call my acne baby acne
the normal tonic by boscia
out of all the acne treatments i've used
because it layers well under 6 tons of sunscreen.
traditional acne treatments aren't really effective against my acne
a common ingredient in anti-acne products
my other serum had run out
i think this helps skin retain moisture after cleansing or using ptrs sulfur mask
the perfect gel for treating fickle skin.
bare escentuals rare minerals acne treatment
preservative free aspects make it worth it i guess
this acne treatment is amazing.
works great with the oil-free spf 15 moisturizer during the day
revitalzing hyrda lift for a moisturizer at night
this cleanser really does soothe the redness.
i love this cleanser!
it's great to use as a daily cleanser
now i just use the foaming at night to remove the sunscreen
i just put on some of the redness solutions cream
i like the cleanser
don’t like to use harsh cleansers
the consistency of this is like a lotion.
f you like cleansers that foam up
it doesn’t aggravate my skin or cause increased redness like other cleansers
i love it as a cleanser
i love this cleanser.
calms red skin from lupus overlap or rosacea or flushing
eczema or rosacea prone skin
clinique needs to keep this cleanser around!
i deal with oil, acne and eczema.
this is the best cleanser i've found to help reduce the redness i struggle with
i follow this with the redness solutions face lotion
i love this cleanser
which is why i use the cleanser
no unnecessary perfumes and colors.
the moisturizer in the same line
it does not lather like most cleansers i've used
i recommend using makeup remover
the kit contained the cleanser
great cleanser for people with rosacea.
it is moisturizing and soothing.
using the cleanser at night
the calming lotion after using the base
which is perfection since i have rosacea
i am purchasing the moisturizer today.
this cleanser keeps the redness down.
i followed up with the redness moisturizer as well
the moisturizer have helped my redness majorly
using these products actually adds exfoliation
i love this cleanser.
i wear light mineral make-up
after decades of acne, i then developed rosacea.
i love all the clinique products for redness
i started using this product because of my rosacea
the redness solution foundation
i do use a makeup remover first
this cleanser does the trick
i love this cleanser.
combined with the clinique redness solutions daily relief cream
which i went to the dermatologist to treat
she prescribed a "gentle" retinoid that turned my face bright red
she advised that i stop the retinoid
use it in the shower as a cleanser.
i am used to products irritating my skin
a touch of squalene is left behind
it's a not a foaming type cleanser
along with the moisturizer
this cleanser soothes my skin
the consistency is more like a lotion than a cleanser
feels less irritated than when i was using the fab cream cleanser
after using clinique redness cleanser
this cleanser combined with the moisturizer
gentle cleanser that doesn't strip your skin of its' natural oils
it helps with redness
the daily relief cream
even what the dermatologist recommended
the daily relief cream
this cleanser has the perfect amount of moisture
this cleanser soothes my skin
just underneath my nostrils] i was introduced to the redness solutions regimen
none of these other "mild" cleansers has calmed my skin like redness solutions
even origins and other soy formulas.
even the cleansing oils are burning at this point
i love the cooling sensation of the gel like creme
gentle cleanser for my sensutive skin
clinique redness solution cleanser is the most gentle cleanser i have used
most cleansers cause my rosacea to flair up
i highly recommend using a toner after this
the daily moisturizing cream is my favorite step.
the cleanser is mild
i do use eye makup remover
mild cleanser in the morning with my clarisonic
i follow it with clinique cc cream.
use it after the redness solution face cleanser
full of antioxidants so great for anti-aging.
after being prescribed hydrocortisone cream
not irritating to rosacea at all.
i also use it with the redness solutions cleanser
moisturizing enough to keep me from flaking
although i love this product as a moisturizing cream
my rosacea is mild
i love this moisturizer
it seems everything i try for moisturizing causes flare ups
it doesn't over moisturize
it doesn't under moisturize
i love this moisturizer.
then follow with a moisturizer
great combination when used with moisture surge gel cream
this moisturizer soothes my skin
my dermatologist recommended this daily cream as part of my overall treatment
acne prone skin w/ chronic breakouts
i suggested it was rosacea
i now just use it as my day cream under my sunscreen
i do not have rosacea
this product helps with my redness
this moisturizer helps out a lot with my redness
i tryed the moisture surge tinted moisturizer
i need to switch from a lighter moisturizer to something that can prevent my skin from chapping
so this cream is the only moisturizer i can apply to calm my face oil-free
this is the only oil free facial lotion that i have ever used that actually feels like it moisturizes
i don't have rosacea
you feel the protection and moisturizing action.
oil free and fragrance free.
this cream does help reduce redness it calms the skin
could be a bit more moisturizing though
use this in addition to my normal moisturizer
found this to be a miracle cream in controlling my redness on a day-to-day basis
it's light weight, non-oily and fragrance free.
the lotion itself is light
i am in love with this moisturizer.
i don't suffer from rosacea
this is one of the only moisturizers that works to soothe
it's not a redness corrector
prevents irritation that other moisturizers can cause
i prefer a different cleanser
this cream helps to take care of that
i also just love how moisturizing it is.
started using a different moisturizer
until i switched moisturizers
i decided to try the redness solutions cleanser
while i don't have rosacea
for those suffering from rosacea
keeps your skin soft if you are taking several medications/topicals that dry your skin out
i also recommend the redness solutions face wash
the moisturizer have helped my redness majorly
using these products actually adds exfoliation
it works better than other creams marketed to rosacea sufferers
used with the companion cleanser
until someone invents a miracle cure for this blasted rosacea
although i usually layer it over my daily cerave lotion
this serum works wonders!
use it as a daily moisturizer
like any moisturizer would
then this in addition to clinique's redness facial cleanser
i also use clinique's redness makeup line.
redness from laser treatments at times
my skin is acne prone
i love this moisturizer.
i really like the clinique redness solutions line
i do not have rosacea
it is the only moisturizer i use in the winter time
i've tried a lot of redness reducing moisturizers
i don't think that any cream can cure redness
i love this moisturizer.
i've only been using it in the morning because it's not moisturizing enough for a night cream for my skin
paired with the redness solutions cleanser
this is the second day i've used the redness solutions cleanser
i like this cream but i still have redness.
i wish it was more moisturizing
i decided to try redness solutions.
it nourishes my skin better than any other moisturizer i've used
regular non-oily moisturizers
the fact that it's super-moisturizing al
this was a good serum.
this serum makes my skin beautiful day and night.
bobbi brown hydrating intense night cream
i still need moisturizer after using the serum
this serum smells light
this serum seems to be helping to firm the little lines around my lips
i could feel the burn when i first applied this restoring serum
the serum does not leave any greasy film
at first when i tried it was a dry serum
this serum does everything it says it does
exfoliation is the key to any sort of serum or moisturizer
although this serum is costly
this my second bottle of ultimate wrinkle restoring serum
this serum is perfect for my sensitive
this serum is great .
also used this serum interchangeably with the r60/80 night creme
i believe that it's preventative!
i love it and itmakes my skin wrinkle friee.
have been using the serum in conjunction with the cream for a year now
looks amazing under mineral makeup
using shiseido skin balancing lotion
i originally purchased the nutriperfect day cream with sunscreen
i started using shiseido moisturizers
softening toner in my 30's
have " raised them on sunscreen"
toners from shiseido now for about 5 years
it does a great job moisturizing
i also use shiseido's benefience eye cream
this night cream is very moisturizing
great product for radiance and pore purification.
i found this to be a good exfoliator
it's the first exfoliating mask that had an instant impact
this chemical exfoliator has brightened by skin
i already use drunk elephant glycolic night serum nightly
de vitamin c serum daily
since reading about the ant-aging benefits of a daily lactic glycolic regimen i use one of these powerhouses daily
maybe because i am not a newbie to a strong lactic or glycolic product i didn't get the results from ren radiance renewal mask as i hoped for
s down one of my favorite glycol lactic masks
my skin is almost acne free
in need of a good exfoliation
after my regular serum
i do moisturize after i wash it off.
i don't use exfoliants frequently
try to use it weekly to gently exfoliate
renew my facial skin
using a vitamin c morning moisturizer
a retinol product at night
or use spf everyday
it did wonders for my hyperpigmentation
when i took it off i rubbed it into my face rinsed off with a clean wash cloth after that i put on glytone antioxidant anti-aging night cream
this combo of lactic and glycolic is like magic.
put some nude repair oil and a moisturizer.
this is a good mask to use weekly or bi-weekly to exfoliate your skin
the girl at sephora asked me what i was using as an exfoliant
i received the ren glycolic mask as a sample
hyper-pigmentation from acne
this is my favorite exfoliating mask hands down.
this will exfoliate without spreading bacteria unlike the bead-based exfoliators
it's actually a light glycolic peel
works wonders for my melasma
lotions/creams/scrubs/peels nothing has really ever removed the skin
then realized there was a ren package which included the same size of the glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
i feel like this mask really exfoliates with the glycol/latic acid
i calm it down with some chilled aloe moisturizer
the rinse my skin like it says
this is the most stable form of vitamin c
i like mixing it with my moisturizers
i finally have that glow pregnant women are supposed to have because i am using ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask 2-3x a week
considering the amount of $$$ i used to spend on facials
cleaning with my eminance cleanser
potent vitamin c powder that can be added to your own favorite moisturizer
other mineral ingredients help clear minor acne
it will not "cure" cystic/hormonal acne though
the vitamin c concentration may be a bit much for more sensitive or dry skin types
i mix this with my moisturizer during the winter.
i mix it in with my moisturizer in the morning
as i've been dealing with some hormonal acne the past couple months
there are instant brightening (not whitening!)
i also use exfoliating gloves in the shower daily
this powder does the trick.
the only downfall: i mix this with my moisturizer
s after applying my moisturizer
the powder does leave a kind of mineral-medicinal smell on the h
i personally prefer the smell of the c powder to any perfumes that companies use to cover it in other formulations
i also add it to a vitamin c serum.
i mixed it in with my lotion
i mix it in every morning with my regular moisturizer
mix it with a few drops of my serum
it is not hydrating
because i use it with a hyaluronic acid moisturizer it actually intensifies the benefit
it is nothing more than ascorbic acid
25 oz of product for the price
either mixing in my serum or moisturizer
i can use the booster powder/moisturizer then top off with laura mercier primer
tried ole henriksen vitamin c liquid
i i know you can buy vitamin c from like natural stores
my acne is fading.
in the day i mix with spf moisturizer.
be careful with what you mix it with though: i tried mixing it with the clinique moisturizing gel
it turned the moisturizer into a water consistency
i mix it with my serum in the am
it only works best if you add to a liquid moisturizer
you can use with a cream moisturizer
i mix a scoop with my ren moisturizer to use every morning
i add a scoop to my serum every morning.
then i apply moisturizer and sun block.
i like that this is a fresh dose every time i make it
not oxidizing like the premixed products out there
it has reduced my melasma
vitamin c can be irritating so start with half a scoop
mix it in with my serum
i am a huge fan of vitamin c
i used a vitamin c serum from my facial- micro spa
then decided to try this vitamin c powder
i did some research on topical vit c powders
i add some to my sunscreen
vitamin c powder will be included in my skin care routine forever
it definitely works better than an oil-based version of topical vitamin c i used in the past
some serums don't work well
a lotion-type of moisturizer works best
with the antioxidant property
i mix it with my loreal face lotion
here you have vitamin c at its purest.
i mix it with my acne moisturizer day & night.
vitamin c promotes collagen production.
the problem is that vitamin c is not stable in solution
i think it can't hurt to have the extra vitamin c
i mix this with moisturizer in the morning
use one of the philosophy retinol product at night
in place of newhite guinot brightening serum
this is a powerful source of vitamin c application to my face
great booster with high quality of vitamin c
i mix with my anti-aging serum
clarins double serum works best
i mix it with my clinique moisturizer
i mix this with my daily moisturizer which is neutrogena combo skin day/night
trick is to use the right consistency of moisturizer
powder vitamin c as liquid vitamin c i've heard breaks down or isn't as effective or something?
i mix the booster powder into my serum
in combination with my murad post-acne lightening gel that i use at night
this product works great as a pre serum
then adding my moisturizer
add the powder to it
i noticed that if i don't add enough serum
i mix this in with my sunscreen
very easy to use just mix a scoop with your favorite serum or moisturizer
i would recommend this to anyone with hyperpigmentation
it's a great addition to any serum or moisturizer
half at night in my moisturizer or my serum depending on the moisture my skin needs
this stuff works wonders in combination with exfoliating morning
i see my skin brightened obviously after i applied the powder to serum
this vitamin c powder does just that.
i mix it with my daytime moisturizer
vitamin c is good for skin
i add it every morning to my josie maran moisturizer
i mix this stuff into my face oil or sunscreen or even primer
i don't find that it smells at all like some other vitamin c products
it blends well with moisturizer or a serum
mixed into a facial oil which i then put under my moisturizer w/ sunscreen
one of the best things you can do for your skin: dermatologists state that using vitamins c
by the way: vitamin c is best used on the skin during the day to help actively protect it from the sun
this is the best vitamin c topical product i have ever used
i stopped using the various serums containing vitamin c because they smelled horrible
the mychelle c serum was the most effective
the first time i used a whole spoon mixed with my miracle worker moisturizer
i always apply a sunscreen after that
since since vitamin c usually makes skin more prone to sunlight
was looking at products that contained vitamin c
would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to increase vitamin c in their daily beauty routine
which seemed like a very concentrated form of vitamin c in proper dark glass packaging
with my either my ren moisturizer or josie maran argan oil
the vitamin c blends into the oil or lotion instantly
then top it off with sunscreen
a little spoonful in my moisturizer daily
overall, the best vitamin c product i have used.
the quality of the vitamin c in this little bottle is better than any other serum or creme you can purchase
i typically use this with my morning moisturizer.
the only downside is that sometime i find it will make my glycolic serum peel to much
i do not suggest using glycol
adds a little kick in the pants to your daily moisturizer
simply mix it in with your daily moisturizer.
i love the benefits of vitamin c for your skin in an easy to apply formula
have tried prescription products
i love the fact that you can use this vitamin c powder with any of my serums or moisturizers
don't want to bring my really expensive vitamin c serums with me
i've always covered them with concealer
i like mixing with when hope is not enough serum
any serum or moisturizer works just fine
i do see better results with the serum though.
you only need a smidgen to add to your serum/ moisturizer
mixes very well with oil based serums
after using the powder with my regular moisturizer
probably through 2-3 jars of moisturizer
still get the vitamin c benefits
b/c vitamin c does not mix well with some other antiaging products like retinol
my moisturizer is more effective with this product
once i started adding turbo booster c powder to my morning moisturizer
moisturizers with vitamin c
they are not as effective as the philosophy turbo boost vitamin c
i love that is very moisturizing
works well under concealer
this eye cream moisturizes
as if the cream was leaving a kind of shear concealer
i've tried many eye creams
it is a good moisturizer for eye
had no real idea about the "whitening" claim
if it had an antiaging/wrinkle reducing property to it
this is the only moisturizer i know use.
it is super hydrating
can't speak for its moisturizing properties
i did like the moisturizing effect though.
t's not as moisturizing or firming as other products
with a serum on the off days
this cream is also very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
every serum to reduce the darkness under my eyes
most under eye creams reduce puffiness
it is very moisturizing
that is the limit to creams
the creams/lotions are not open to the air
i never have to use concealer under my eyes
no need for highlighter or concealer
sometimes forget to use concealer!
four stars because i cannot tell if its actually "whitening" or just an eye cream
like a rich, luxurious serum.
i hate heavy moisturizer in the heat
this serum is wonderful.
followed by my moisturizer
used the promo code thirst to get 7 free samples of this moisturizer
acne all over my face
i finally splurged on la mer gel cream moisturizer
this moisturizer is amazing.
mportant to moisturize with any skin type
have tried many different moisturizers
i love gel moisturizers
this lotion is a game changer!
does hydrate the skin
this is a great, lightweight moisturizer.
for this moisturizer i had to
this is my all time favourite moisturizer
first i washed my face with the purity cleanser from philosophy
my skin is also acne prone.
this moisturizer is a lifesaver.
it's a great complement to skin-drying acne products that i also use
this is a holy grail item in my skin care regime!
this is a great pre-makeup moisturizer.
i got recommended this product by a dermatologist
this is my favourite moisturizer
almost has a silicone texture
this gel moisturizer is exactly what my skin needs
if your an oily/combo person you will love this moisturizer
i applied this product after an intense exfoliation session
this gel like formula dries down while simultaneously hydrating
this does such a great job moisturizing my skin!
when i touched the gel
because i applied the lotion liberally
every lotion i try only helps with one problem
i love gel like moisturizers
my favorite drug store one is cerave facial moisturizing lotion pm
most moisturizers break me out and clog my pores.
super moisturizing yet so light that you cant even tell you have a moisturizer on
this is my favourite moisturizer to use
it hydrates like nobody's business
this is now my holy grail moisturizer!
since my acne treatment dries out my face i apply this
it is a gel formula
it was kind of a gel
i love gel moisturizers
my go to face lotion.
purchasing for my everyday moisturizer!
in the summer, this is my holy grail moisturizer.
this moisturizer is lightweight
i love this as a day moisturizer
because this is a gel formula
not a creamy texture i feel like it can be not as moisturizing for people who have dry skin
moisturizing this is for my dry skin
atory for my skin type
before using this moisturizer
i've tried so many different moisturizers for my combination skin
i love this moisturizer
super moisturizer all day long
i love this moisturizer for daily wear.
this is super moisturizing + works great under makeup
this moisturizer is more like a gel
this moisturizer seems to balance my skin!
i love this moisturizer!
i hate the feeling of heavy moisturizers
this moisturizer is super weightless
i really like this face lotion
this moisturizer is light and not greasy.
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer is perfect!
is lightweight yet quite moisturizing
i also layer this underneath a heavier moisturizer with sunscreen in it
i've finally found a moisturizer that actually hydrates my skin
this is a must have moisturizer for me.
lightweight moisturizer is just what my skin needed
i love this moisturizer.
this product works well hydrating my skin without any irritation or breakouts
i used clinique clarifying lotion
hydrating at the same time
when i combine this with the clinique acne medicated treatment it works wonders
like, 1980's bath salt rose.
lotion is light and not greasy.
(i have acne-prone combination skin).
i love this moisturizer
i've only been using this facial moisturizer for a short time
this is the only moisturizer i wear.
i love this moisturizer
i previously used bobbi browns face moisturizer
i think it's moisturizing
i splurged on this moisturizer
when i use a exfoliate
many moisturizers claim to hydrate as well as prime
the tillbury magic cream for a more hydrating formula
i love this moisturizer!
works well over ole henriksen's truth serum collagen booster
the one moisturizer that doesn't contri
it has a gel-like texture.
that is more than my retinol cream was doing.
the vitamin c in it really gives your skin a glow afterwards
this is light weight yet very moisturizing.
it's moisturizing but dang that price tag tho.
this moisturizer is amazing.
this moisturizer works well alone or over photo plasma
if you like clinique face moisturizer
it became my absolute go-to nighttime moisturizer
get a lighter day moisturizer
i started using this moisturizer
so now i needed a moisturizer that moisturizes instead of a mattifying one
this moisturizer tingles every time i use it
like all the other face creams do
like an expensive apothecary product
when i wear my normal moisturizers
even recommended by my dermatologist
i do not find it moisturizing enough for my skin
there are other moisturizers that i prefer
at first i just used it as part of my moisturizing arsenal
i love this moisturizer.
it keeps my skin moisturize
perricone's face finishing moisturizer for 10 years now
when you get results as i have with this moisturizer
this is the core product of my regimen
i find this to be great daytime moisturizer
the stinging feel is likely the alpha lip acid which is a super powered antioxidant
as a moisturizer i give this 4 stars as i dont feel it adds any more to the cold plasma/ blue plasma/ hyalo plasma etcetera in terms of moisture- maybe minimally
even with oil free moisturizers
with this moisturizer i have none of that
it may have some moisturizing properties
this moisturizer on top of blue plasma or cold plasma masks the fish smell
however i do like this facial cream.
i absolutely love this facial moisturizer
it makes applying moisturizer feel luxurious
find it difficult to use high concentrations of vitamin c without my skin feeling weighted
i used it every night on top of perricone's vitamin c ester 15 tube
very moisturizing and smells great!
a tub lasts a long time
concentrated restorative treatment is truly the fountain of youth
perricone md concentrated restorative treatment
this treatment with vitamin c ester makes your skin brighter
concentrated restorative treatment is an excellent product
i wanted to try the concentrated restorative treatment to prevent wrinkles
this has the most vitamin c ester in the entire perricone md collection
it is a treatment not a moisturizer.
it is packed with vitamin c ester which is a fat soluble vitamin c
the salesperson recommended this cream
i also asked for a serum
she recommended using korres rose brightening serum
i just use a basic non soap nutribiotic cleanser
i got this treatment as part of perricone’s “the wrinkle cure” kit
i now only wear a tinted moisturizer
tired the restorative treatment
the concentrated restorative treatment is a wonderful product
the night cream has vit.
restorative night treatment by perricone md is fantastic
the vitamin c ester brightens
it breaks down diet
after years of trying cleansers that are marketed towards oily/acne prone people like me
for my foundation wearers
hands down the best facial cleanser.
this in conjunction with the citrus facial cleanser
i try other cleansers
this cleanser was recommended to me
this cleanser does the job
prior to using the nutritive cleanser i suffered from bad acne
didn't keep my acne at bay like the nutritive
i love this cleanser!
i keep the nutrive cleanser in my shower
i find this to be my "liquid gold" of skin care!
in combination with the toner have my blemishes cleared up
the gentle cleanser removes makeup
daily grime without stripping skin of its natural oils
the paraben free cleanser doesn’t offer much foam
clean thanks to a healthy dose of antioxidants
i love this cleanser!
i just finished my first bottle of the nutritive cleanser
i like this cleanser
i prefer to use gel based cleansers in the summer
cream cleansers during the winter months
it is super moisturizing
nutritional as i lather up my face
i love this cleanser.
other cleansers can strip your skin of natural oils that it needs
nutritive cleanser is very gentle while removing all makeup
cleansing the skin too
after washing my face with this cleanser
it works well with my other serum
this is an excellent facial cleanser.
i just love this cleanser.
this cleanser is gentle and effective.
the nutritive cleanser is a very good cleanser
just wish it had more moisturizing or hydrating benefits
i like this cleanser
it felt more moisturizing than this one
thought i was better off saving my money for serums/treatments
i started using another cleanser
starting using this cleanser
he had been using drugstore acne wash
i love this cleanser.
it is a gently exfoliating, non drying, cleanser.
does a great job cleaning makeup, even mascara.
most gentle face cleansers leave a film on my skin
this is a super cleanser that without stripping the skin
i will go back to an unscented skinceuticals facewash after this is used up
i also like that this cleanser does not destroy the acid mantle of the skin with harsh chemicals or foaming sulfates
my skin is acne prone
i do feel that using this cleanser has diminished sebum production in my cheeks
cheap plastic of most cleanser containers
i like a soapy "feel" to my daily cleanser
or exfoliating in texture
nutrive cleanser has the texture i love
adult acne all of my life
have to use a good moisturizer afterwards
moisturizer combo works without being oily
this is a super cleanser.
many anti aging cleansers burn my skin
the line that i use is the most moisturizing of the perricone lines
after a lifetime of acne i know skin is a gift
i love this cleanser.
when followed by day or night serum
the all day moisturizer
this is a non-sudsing cleanser.
a lot of vitamins and doesn't dry your skin.
highly recommend the nutritive cleanser
i must be getting rosacea
it is a gel-like consistency that foams up
i love the pump applicator
from the shampoo i used to my laundry detergent.
after reading the perricone promise i learned about the anti inflammatory lifestyle
the nutritive cleanser is just what my skin needed
the nutritive cleanser is exceptional because it's also a treatment
it 's anti aging as well as full of antioxidants!
this product is a powerhouse of treatments.
not only did the cold plasma rid my skin of it’s redness
this is the only serum i've ever used
the second i put this eye serum on
once you apply the concealer
yet it's quite moisturizing
i used perricones' original eye therapy
more moisturizing for the night
i like to use it with elizabeth arden ceramide plump perfect eye moisture cream spf 15
it moisturizes the eye area
love the hygienic bottle.
this is the best treatment that i have found for undereye puffiness
ihave tried zillions of eye creams
adv eye therapy helps me look refreshed
have facials about every 8 weeks with eye cream recommendation galore
one being the perricone adv eye area therapy
'm glad to add the adv eye area therapy to my skin care regime
then use a moisturizing cream on top of that
make sure to use sunblock
i thick this makes me brighter than the nutritive cleanser
the nutritive before bed
interested in trying the antioxidant ingredients
i ran out of my citrus cleanser
this is my favorite facial cleanser.
s of cleansers from sephora like fresh
it cleans without stripping the skin or hair of hydration
great for acne and redness!
i love this cleanser.
removes all makeup and waterproof eye makeup.
use this cleanser with my clarisonic
tones and firms leaving my skin ready for serum.
i don't think it was my aria because i was already using it everyday with a fresh soy cleanser
i don't buy face cleansers for the scent
love this facial wash.
this is the best facial wash for you
i like this facial wash.
i am not exfoliating every other day anymore which has helped reduce the redness in my skin
i like all the benefits it offers w vitamins
i love the facial wash
i love this facial wash!
the vitamin c reduces any redness or scarring if i do get the occasional zit
i the citrus facial wash very much
i would love for sephora to carry the neuropeptide cleanser
dry skin with the nutritive
the citrus facial wash is the perfect balance.
she recommended this product along with a toner
in addition to the cleanser
i also use perricone's face finishing moisturizer
in conjunction with the cleanser
the moisturizer adds just the right amount of moisturizer without looking greasy
this is an "adult" cleanser
you have to treat adult acne
in the past have used cleansers with salicylic acid
from philosophy purity to prescribed facial cleansers
i previously used the nutritive cleanser in this line
i love this cleanser!
i appreciate it that perricone does not use harsh/synthetic fragrance that will irritate my skin
everything you could possibly want in a facial cleanser/toner is here
i also use the firming facial toner with it.
this facial cleanser is a must have for the busy woman
i follow up with a good moisturizer and bb cream.
i don't need to use makeup remover prior to washing
i started to use the citrus facial wash
i always use this cleanser
i am using the firming toner along with this
decided to go with the citrus cleanser
also an avid sunscreen user
prepares it for the super/ perricone night serums i use
alongside the facial toner
since the firs time i used perricone citrus facial wash
i got this cleanser as a part of perricone’s “prescription for youthful skin” kit
i usually exfoliate my face everyday or use salicylic acid wash instead
i chose this cleanser over the clear skin one because i like the foamy cleansers
i've also been using the clear skin moisturizer
i really love this facial wash.
the face finishing moisturizer
i tried the acne cleanser first
great, non-irritating cleanser.
i recommend getting the facial toner to go with it
i love this cleanser.
although i have acne i have combination skin.
it does not have parabens
it is a mild facial wash
this poduct is the perfect facial cleanser.
crepiness are your bane too i'd say heeeere's neuropeptide eye contour
i keep coming back to this eye serum
that's what this serum does
i could skip concealer
the only thing representatives told me to add is the vitamin c serum to increase brightness
the packaging is hygenic
this neuropeptide eye contour eye cream delivers
always come back to my neuropeptide
this is the best moisturizer i've used post-menopause
used with the cleanser
the 'skin specialist' recommend that i start using this moisturizer
i tried a dab of this moisturizer
if i want to fight aging i need to use a good moisturizer with antioxidants to battle the aging process
this moisturizer fits the bill
i don’t use this cream around my eyes—i have other treatments for eyes—
pair with the eye syrum and wrinkle cream.
ovm serum on the other days
can afford to pamper yourself
started using this product plus vitamin c drops
a few other creams with dmae
also check out his other diet advice for an amazing complexion
if you were to go to a dermatologist
i love this toner!
i pump product into an atomizer
i just started my second bottle of serum prep
began using the serum prep again
will definitely continue using serum prep
i love this serum prep.
makeup than my cleanser does
really seems to help the serum so more
another reviewer suggested putting it in a little atomizer you get at the drug store
moisturize w other perricone products
i think this serum cleans deep
moisturizers work when using this first
i love firming facial toner
your skin drinks up the other perricone lotions
em with the facial toner
toner, moisturizer, and treatment all in one!
i got this serum as part of perricone’s “the camera ready kit”
the prep serum is a bit pricey
this toner does just that
it is a great toner
i've tried multiple foaming cleansers
for a basic normal skin cleanser
still need to use makeup remover for my water proof mascara
i wanted to try this cleanser
as i love the truth serum
i am usually skeptical about foaming cleansers
i love this facial cleanser.
that is fixed when paired with applying a moisturizer after
i really love this facial cleanser.
i like to use it on a konjac sponge
my typical cleanser is burt's bees deep cleansing cream
i've tried oil cleansers in the past
i love this cleanser.
using just the moisturizer
serums was giving me results
i love this cleanser!
i love the antioxidant ingredients.
if this product had vitamin c or another ingredient to brighten skin
this is an amazing cleanser for oily skin!
i've tried a lot of cleansers over the years
the foaming cleanser feels light on your skin
i love this as a morning cleanser for my acne prone skin
plus has vitamin c
i love that it is sulfate free
derma doctor wrinkle revenge
as long as i apply moisturizer its perfect
didn't break out from the sunscreens.
i still have concealer on my trouble spots
this might be a great cleanser for surface cleaning
doesn't contain laureate sulphate.
i like to switch cleansers up
while i originally purchased the travel set for the vitamin c serum
this cleanser is bomb!
until an employee recommended this cleanser for me instead of my usual cleanser with salicylic acid
turns out the moisturizing effect of this product was all my skin needed
i've tried several cleansers from sephora
i keep trying other cleansers
i love this cleanser.
before using this cleanser
followed by truth serum
this cleanser is ultra moisturizing
the foaming cleanser lasts me several months
i tried this cleanser
it is a foam cleanser that is creamy
it's moisturize my skin
this helped my acne
this is one of the best hydrating serum i've tried
this is the holy grail of cleansers
have found this foaming cleanser to be gentle
i love this cleanser.
i recommend this cleanser to anyone.
this foaming cleanser is very gentle
afterwards i moisturize with ultra repair cream
this serum is an opaque
i don't know why they call this a serum
because it's a lotion moisturizer texture
it is deliciously moisturizing
it hydrates my skin
this product saved my skin when i started using retin a for acne/ fine line reduction
this serum made those effects minimal for me
this serum is so wonderfully hydrating
in only a matter of days using both this serum
this serum is truly the best serum on the market
this serum is amazing.
very moisturizing yet light in feel
i wear sunscreen on my face daily over this
after learning more about silicones in moisturizers
this lotion is amazing!!!
with other lotions i would have to reapply throughout the day to get rid of the flakiness
it was difficult finding a nice moisturizer that is unscented
this is my new holy grail moisturizer.
i love how this is so moisturizing
this moisturizer is all i use
i love the natural ingredients
it is moisturizing without being too heavy
this is that moisturizer.
this used to be called osmotic infusion day cream
i always combine it with a serum though
without the serum i don't think the would have been adequate
i suspect the glycerin.
this moisture day cream delivers what it claim to do
this product is emollient
facial care regimine until i found ren
i love this moisturizer!
even i normally use a lighter moisturizer from ren range
for the winter i needed some lasting hydrating treatment
ren's osmotic infusion ultra-moisture day cream was the miracle solution that calmed my dry
it has hyaluronic acids-which can be essential for younger looking skin
i used an anti-aging cream
i am using it with the ren milk cleanser.
ren osmotic infusion cream
i tried this moisturizer from ren
highly moisturizing without being heavy/greasy.
the cleanser that matches
a lot of strange ingredients like parabens for preservatives
very moisturizing without feeling heavy.
the ren moisturizer has been a great way to ensure that my skin remains moist after a course of accutane treatment for acne
i love this moisturizer it light weight
i've used ren's bio-retinoid oil serum before
i only wash it with a gentle cleanser at night
it's a bit thicker than other moisturizers
amazing at hydrating my skin.
it helps with my acne
this moisturizer is amazing.
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
this moisturizer is super hydrating yet light
i mix it with a water based moisturizer
it will be great for winter as is it very moisturizing
i only have to use the smallest amount because its so moisturizing
this is also a great combo with the vita-mineral serum
i love how simple this moisturizer is.
just straight up moisturizing goodness
so far my fav moisturizing cream ever!
i found that this goes really well over the ren radiance serum
i love this moisturizer.
this is the only moisturizer that feels natural to me
i love this moisturizer.
oil-free moisturizer under my primer
i went to sephora to get a juice beauty moisturizer
not as heavy as fresh soy face cream
no synthetic ingredients which is great.
have used hundreds of moisturizers
the vita-mineral day cream is my favorite
if i need it to be a little more emollient
i mix it with a drop of the omega 3 overnight lipid renewal serum
i love the way this moisturizer feels
i like this day cream
this moisturizer goes on smooth
usually need to get facials
it has all natural ingredients
ingredients that this cream has
i usually use boscia's spf 15 daily moisturizer
this moisturizer is good for spring and summer.
creams that are lighter tend to not moisturize enough for me
or after a peel i use the sirtuin phytohormone cream
i asked her about a brightening moisturizer that won't irritate my rosacea
this moisturizer is the only thing that works
this product is a great lightweight moisturizer
my skin dried out from using one of the juice beauty cleansers
an associate from sephora suggested i use this moisturizer along with cosmedicine face foam wash
very nice, lightweight and moisturizing.
this day cream is moisturizing
since i use a retin-a treatment
my skin becomes sensitive sometimes so when combined with a gentle soap-free facial cleanser
this moisturizer makes my skin smooth
for you skin care junkies this is a light moisturizing day cream which feels comfortable
doesn't pill even after layers of my active skin care products
it's almost like a moisturizing mask
accutane or roaccutane is a form of acne treatment for severe nodular acne that can only be prescribed by a dermatologist
i explained the free facial
who is an allergy doctor
this moisturizer is the only one i've used that moisturizes enough
i know it's a moisturizer
i love this cream especially paired with the anti redness serum ❤
i mix it with my a drop or two of argan oil
this moisturizer does not irritate my skin
with the anti redness serum
i also love that it has antioxidants.
i absolutely love this moisturizing
i wear it as my moisturizer before putting on my makeup
this moisturizer is giving me life
helped hydrate my skin
this doesn't cure my eczema
with pairing this with the tachta rice enzyme powder exfoliator
the fresh soy face cleaner
when you don't need a moisturizer with sunscreen
on the back of the bottle it says it contains no parabens
synthetic fragrances or colors
it really does take away my redness from exfoliating
my skin was going through hormonal breakouts
moisturized after i apply it
doesnt not burn skin like some moisturizer
even the clinique redness solution moisturizer breaks me out easily
it is not quite moisturizing for my dry winter skin
i found it- my perfect daily moisturizer.
moisturizing though it absorbs quickly
i love this moisturizer.
i am so happy with this moisturizer along with the companion serum
this moisturizer is perfect for everyday use
i am in love with this moisturizer!
it has a matte effect
this moisturizer is wonderful as a daily moisturizer
i wish it was a tad more moisturizing for my dryer days
i put this under my sunscreen
this moisturizer is a must have.
this cream is cooling
i love this moisturizer
going without any moisturizer for months
i even wear it under my perricone no foundation foundation serum
this moisturizer feels lightweight
been dealing w/ an allergic reaction due to a medication
extra nourishment due to some hormonal changes
sensitive skin hg moisturizer
this facial lotion helps soothe any r
by this face cream
it hydrates my skin
it is the perfect day time moisturizer.
i never paid that much for an hydrating gel or cream product before
considering that it's made of natural ingredients
this cream/gel is my absolute holy grail product.
i love this product as a daytime moisturizer.
love that the gel has antibacterial.
holy grail skin product!!
i've tried countless moisturizers to help keep my skin matte
i do still wear moisturizer
a lady at sephora recommended this moisturizer for my combination skin
it feels like a gel and it has no silicone!
and moisturizes the skin at the same time.
no more mixing moisturizers to get what i want!
i love this moisturizer.
i found this moisturizer after doing a quiz on the skintypesolution website
however it wasn't as moisturizing as i hoped.
this product spreads easily and is moisturizing.
this lotion is hydrating
it is formulated with lavender water
then at night i use the frankincense night cream over the lipid serum
medicinal at the same time
during the day ontop of my serum under make-up
i still have to use an oil mattifying primer for that
i like this moisturizer!
lightweight but moisturizing, very soothing.
the ingredients are all natural
this moisturizer is the only one i've used that moisturizes where you need moisture
my skin type is combination skin
have to change to a different moisturizer
the dryer the skin
this creamy moisturizer is heavy duty for dry canadian weather
it's made with kombucha which is fermented tea
if you don't like the smell of fermented food
i typically use night creams like la mer
this quenches the dryness
i wouldn't use this as a day moisturizer
a little too moisturizing for me to use under makeup
i knew i needed something more moisturizing
i tried three samples of anti aging cream
i just kept using my lighter moisturizer
more absorbent during the day
i also use the rose hydrating face serum now
it's that extra moisturizing boost to give me happy skin
i am in love with this moisturizer
i own all of their face creams.
this cream is the bomb!
moisturizing cream i have been using at night
my face is recovering from hormonal breakouts
this cleanser was the magic bullet for my acne prone skin
this moisturizer got me.
'm using the serum underneath
none of my moisturizers are overly moisturizing because i don't need it with how oily my skin usually is
very moisturizing but also absorbs quickly.
very few lotions work for me
this cream is just moisturizing enough
this stuff is moisturizing without making my skin break out
throughout the week i use fresh's soy face cream
at first its like a normal cream/lotion
sometimes i do use argan/coconut oil
even with a mattifying primer
seems very moisturizing and normalizing.
would definitely recommend this moisturizer
also a moisturizing serum that really has a supurb effect
acne treatments had left my skin dry
then use my ptr moisturizing sunscreen in the a
so-so facial products
this cream works best with the black tea age delay serum
my skin was having some allergic reaction
helped speed up the healing of some hormonal acne i had
it does a good job of moisturizing
it has the consistency of a moisturizer
i've paid this for serums
appears to do a decent job at moisturizing
still my favourite daily makeup remover.
i need to put on toner/serum immediately after risen-off as my skin started to feel dry
the self-foaming bottle
since i am a double cleanser
it is super cleansing
i love using this cleanser
i still use an eye makeup removing serum since i wear waterproof mascara
i love the texture of this cleanser.
night as her cleanser
moisturizer or make-up
it doesn't moisturize your skin
i would suggest using a moisturizer after
this cleanser removes everything!!!
i only have to use makeup remover when i'm wearing waterproof products
it works so well that it almost drys out my face which brings me to put on toner an lotion
they discontinued the gel
does not irritate the rosacea
it's not as moisturizing
glycolic acid to help my redness
the week i tried this cleanser
i also use lancome eye creams
finally a foaming cleanser that really foams.
the mousse is the perfect solution for my combination skin
love this foamy cleanser!
when i chose this mousse cleanser
even though it is not even formulated for acne
i love this cleanser!!!!
i love the foam this cleanser offers!
this cleanser is foamy
lots of sunscreen for years
i like foaming cleansers
this cleanser is for you
it is a great cleanser for removing makeup every night
i love this cleanser.
best facial product i have used.
although i use the toner from lancome also
the mousse radiance is by far my favorite facial cleanser
this cleanser is light
she introduced me to her mousse radiance clarifying self-foaming cleanser which i had never used before
so anyone using it would need to have two cleansers/makeup removers
i cannot use any other makeup remover
i love this cleanser!
this product is the only facial cleanser that i will buy
mousse radiance is a great cleanser for oily skin types
i don't have to use as much toner as the cleanser gets into my pores
suggest using the oily makeup remover before using this cleanser
tried all their cleanser
i would reccomend this cleanser for anyone with normal/combo skin
i love this cleanser.
i gave the new foam cleanser a try and i love it.
works well for redness
i love to exfoliate more frequently when i combine it with their alcohol-included toner
this cleanser is the bomb
i also purchased the toner
then they changed their formulations for skin cleansers
have difficulty finding hydrating cleansers that do not cause break outs
additional moisturizer for dry skin
very good facial cleanser for me.
it cleanses like no other cleanser i've tried
leaving it prepped for moisturizer
this cleanser states it for use on normal/combination skin
consistency of the product while i am cleansing my face
i love this cleanser!
i love this foaming cleanser.
josie maran exfoliating wash powder wash
this cleanser provides clarity
also kind on psoriasis prone skin.
i just make sure to lather moisturizer
i love this cleanser!
i combine it with the little sephora scrubber tool when i want to exfoliate
i like my cleansers to foam
a different oil cleanser at night
it is very hydrating as well as exfoliating.
it controls my acne
right after i apply the lancôme toner my skin feels amazing
everything you need for a cleanser
i love this cleanser!
i recently began using a prescription retinoid
it balances the oils in my skin
i love this cleanser
i tend to have acne prone skin
i will reccommend this cleanser to everyone
produce breakouts or redness.
many cleansers made specifically for oily skin
after a thorough scrub with this cleanser
i love this cleanser.
i started using crème radiance after the bienfait cleanser
use this cleanser prior to using the clinique acne solutions 3-step system
i love this cleanser!
i recently purchased this cleanser to use along with the lancome toner
they discontinued my toner
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser takes my waterproof makeup off without any effort
i do recommend you to use the toner too
this cleanser works wonders for my skin
once i use this cleanser it mattifies my face
i love this water cleanse.
this removes all your makeup and mascara.
i love micellar water.
it says there is no rinsing needed
i always wash my face with a foam cleanser after
although i don't use waterproof mascara
i like that it is free of dyes and parabens.
foundation/ bb cream/ sunscreen
works very well to cleanse your face with out using harsh makeup removers or soaps
really good at removing highly pigmented cosmetics
i went in to pick up a toner
it's better than a toner.
greasy as i have when i use biphasic removers
reduced my rosacea redness
follow it with a light lotion
i love this micellar cleansing water.
this is great after the cleansing oil or your regular cleanser
need to exfoliate with every single wash
i recommend you rinse
exfoliate after removing your makeup
this cleanser requires no rinsing after wiping.
i leave the cleansing face tissues at home
wash it with a soap in the morning
i love this cleansing rose water.
when i don't feel like using a face wash + toner combination
lancome eau douceur micellar cleansing water for face
this cleansing water is outst
then apply argan oil milk followed by this argon oil
apply the argan oil face
i only have this golden serum to thank
i apply the belif moisturizing creme for the ultimate moisture
this oil is so moisturizing
mixed with foundation or concealer
i tried about 5 different moisturizers before getting the whipped facial
i initially started using it as a cuticle oil when doing manicures
my favourite way to use it is to put a few drops into my favourite exfoliant
because there's no water to dilute the exfoliant
5oz argan oil bottle
it was also very moisturizing for my dry skin as well
i also mix a few drops with first aid beauty's hydrating cream
use it as a moisturizer
i also mix moisturizer with a few drops of this oil
what doesn't for example i can't use anything with the vitamin c or citric acid
this oil is just pure argan oil no other ingredients
am always searching for a light weight product to moisturize
moisturized cuticles make all the difference with manicures
it's moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
i am acne prone
i tried switching to more expensive gel or cream moisturizers because they were touted as being "magical"
the pure argan oil light in the morning under my bb cream
do have to use acne pads or spot treatment
the sephora staff recommended me to blend it with the color corrector
i slathered my face in antibiotics.
mix a drop of the oil into your daily moisturizer
i recommend adding powdered foundation on top
night after my moisturizers
i wouldn't use this as a moisturizer in the morning
the first aid beauty repair cream is a miracle
i put a couple drops in my shampoos
i used so many moisturizers
his usual cortisone cream
as a moisturizer around my eyes
i tried to use this as an all over moisturizer
it also works wonders as a lash conditioner.
organic argan oil for a fraction of the price
kept with the argan oil routine
with myself having combo skin i found this product hydrates
all i've ever read is that argan oil should not be deodorized
but argan oil as skin care, great!
so moisturizing and perfect for my skin
has helped my hormonal acne
i've tried both the 100% pure argan oil
including a topical steroid cream from my dermatologist
until i tried the josie maran 100% pure argan oil
my legs are eczema free thanks to this argan oil
i add about 2-3 drops to my moisturizer before bed
this product is super hydrating!
tldr it:i'm a serum junkie with extremely dry
no amount of exfoliation of moisturizing was helping
i hate it when serums or oils are thin
of this oil because i've found you can buy organic argan oil for way cheaper
this one feels so moisturizing
i mix this with the josie maran daily spf 47 mosturizer
everyday as an eye cream
makes concealer sit like a dream
i applied this to my skin before my makeup
it is super hydrating
the argan oil levels out my skin
gives it the ideal amount of moisturizing it needs
i mix this with my moisturizer
my skin care is now josie m aragn oil + my moisturizer
seems to work with any moisturizer.
the water drench hylauronic cloud serum
i usually use the moisturizer as part of my night routine
i put the serum on before my primer/makeup
hyaluronic plumps the skin like a raisin becoming a grape
this serum is literally like putting water on your face
it seems to lock in this serum like a charm.
no need for lotions.
it truly moisturizers it all days
leaves my skin feeling fresh and moisturizers.
this serum is amazing!!!
it's so moisturizing, but doesn't look greasy.
i am a hydrating serum junkie.
hydrating serums are part of my morning skin care routine
i love how its so light but moisturizing.
i wasn't used to a serum
as i've always used a cream moisturizer
i like to apply belief moisturizing bomb on top of it at night
i used this with my moisturizer
i tried other hyaluronic acid serums
the ptr serum doesn't cause my skin to break out
i layer kate somerville oil free moisturizer over this when my skin needs some extra hydration
it is very hydrating- no more clogged pores from lotions
this serum has solved both these problems
love ptr and love this serum.
fresh this serum contain acid hialuric which unlike collagen
benefit the skin when applied topically
when applied in an ha cream or serum
this product is great at hydrating target areas!
i switched from dermalogic hydrating booster to this one about 4 months ago as it locks in the moisture after washing my face am
bought this as a pure hyaluronic acid product.
i love how lightweight this serum is.
use this serum right after before applying my face cream
better absorption of my normal moisturizer
t's not added weight in addition to your serum
have been using the serum since june 27
if i apply this serum in the morning
this serum is amazing!
she recommended i lightly exfoliate it
with hydration serums people expect to see a difference within days
you have to apply a moisturizer on top
after the viz dries i apply my moisturizer
i can use less moisturizer than without it
hyaluronic acid formulations out there actually can't be absorbed by your skin
has to do with the molecular weight of the hyaluronic acid
hyaluronic acid is very popular in fillers
this for goes on under my moisturizer
now my skin now no longer stings after moisturizing now that i use this serum
i immediately put this serum on
then an intense lotion
now that i started using this serum
with no need for fillers or injectables
i apply this serum right after i wash my face without towel drying
i also apply vitamin c
e serum with/before using the hyaluronic acid serum
this serum got rid of the dry
after healing my skin
overdo the drying blemish treatments
this serum really is a life saver
just one pump of the bottle is all i use in the am before i slather on my thomas roth moisturizer
i added this to my moisturizer at night
i am hooked on this serum.
adding hyaluronic acid serum to my nightly routine has done great things for my skin
i also use the ultra light moisturizer with this gel
i needed added hydration.
i needed added hydration
this serum provides instant relief to dryness.
i love this serum
not only did this serum improve my overall dryness
most moisturizers leave a greasy residue
this serum will be part of my beauty routine for a long
it gives me amazing hydration n i look for other skin care products with hyaluronic acid in it
to help the other products to hydrate
i wear this serum as my base layer
i always come back to this serum
my skin started flaking due to my acne medication tazorac
i tried this serum
after my active toner
under an oil free moisturizer
this serum goes on easily
have taken really good care of my skin with moisturizing
my moisturizer absorbs better
for the past month i have been using this twice daily with the ptr un-wrinkle serum
it is proven that hyaluronic acid is moisturizing to your skin
you need to apply a moisturizer after applying this product
this is a serum, not a moisturizer.
have tried every moisturizer
immediately agreed when he saw the ptr hyaluronic acid product in my basket
after applying i used the josie marn sun protection argan oil with a dab of dior nude concealer
i've tried everything to moisturize it with no success
i like to mix it with serums
one application of this serum did wonders
this hydrates with no greasiness or breakouts
followed with regular moisturizers
this serum is the best!
is a perfect addition before your moisturizer
this serum is a steal
it is not a moisturizer
i've tried nearly every sunscreen on the market.
this is such an amazing moisturizer
moisturizes my combination skin.
i really love the slightly exfoliating effect of this cream
i wanted a lightweight day cream with the protection of spf
as clinique is good for acne prone skin
it's an age defense moisturizer.
after a month of using this moisturizer my skin looked healthier
there's sunscreen in it
it's a shame because this was great under my foundation as an extra sunblock/antioxidant moisturizer
there is a slight sunscreen scent to it
had trouble finding an everyday moisturizer with spf
this is the perfect moisturizer
don't have the extra step of sunscreen
this moisturizer provides the perfect amount of moisture to my skin
with the bonus of spf 25
i am super crazy about anti-wrinkle/sun protection/anti-radical creams
have always put sunscreen on my face
by using the drug store product my skin
in comparison to most moisturizers that are oil-fee which only have spf 15
this is a thicker moisturizer
liquid facial soap oily formula
at night to take away my makeup i use the rinse-off foaming cleanser instead of the liquid facial soap
a clilnique salesperson told me to use this after the dramatically different moisturizing lotion/gel
she also told me i should use liquid facial soap after the rinse-off foaming cleanser
i really like this moisturizer losts of spf
no allergic reactions and no new sunburns.
great moisturizer with spf
spf coverage works like magic
or caused an allergic reaction
allergic to just about every artificial color
i needed a heavier moisturizer due to the drying effects of the glycolic facial wash i've been using
this is the best moisturizer for oily/combo skin.
i am always a fan of moisturizer with spf
i needed a moisturizer for oily skin
this clinique moisturizer is a miracle in a jar!
only complaint, it smells like sunscreen.
the consistency is creamy somewhat like a sunscreen
this is my first spf daily moisturizer.
-in for my regular sunscreen/moisturizer from murad
i fell in love with clinique's antioxidant night cream
tried other moisturizers at sephora
i love this moisturizer.
anti wrinkle all that i need in my moisturizer
this has been the only facial sunscreen i have used that is actually lightweight
my only complaint is that my dermatologist stresses that my facial moisturizer/sunscreen should be at least spf 30
this moisturizer changed that.
i wash my face in the am with a 2% salicylic acid cleanser for exfoliation
followed by an application of this perfect moisturizer on my face
the mega-dose antioxidants will keep it that way
i love this moisturizer!
it's got tones of antioxidants to "defense" against aging
overall i am in love with this moisturizer
i've tried other moisturizers with spf's
this is also the most spf i've found in a facial moisturizer
for summer i would use ddf ultra-lite spf30 moisturizing dew
i used this moisturizer before
oddly moisturizing at the same time
acne prone fair skin
will continue to invest in this lotion
wanted less of the whiteness that its titaniun dioxide brought with it
this moisturizer is great for people with oily skin
otherwise it was light and moisturizing.
before using this moisturizer
i even tried the new clinique youth surge moisturizer
i've tried high-end moisturizers
thanks clinique for making a facial sunscreen for oily skin
have tried so many moisturizers
sometimes i find that the lotion moisturizer
i switched over to the gel moisturizer which is practically the same as the lotion
hate to change my moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!!!
this provides good sunscreen.
this is one of the only moisturizers that offers a uva protection
like so many other moisturizers with sunscreen do
in the warmer months i use sunscreen with at least spf 45 instead
this is the best sunscreen i've used to date.
have yet to find a better oily skin sunscreen.
i love this moisturizer because it helps to improve the look of your skin by reducing puffiness
my makeup has spf
it's not greasy at all like most sunscreen
was on the hunt for a moisturizer with spf when i discovered this
best sunscreen for my face
- gives spf without any of that weird texture or lack of absorbing that other sunscreen-enhanced products sufer from-packs an antioxidant punch
switched over to this moisturizer
i pair it with the mild clarifying lotion
that its very moisturizing
although i usually also wear a high-end facial sunblock underneath this moisturizer because of the super hot
it has sunscreen spf20 which is an added bonus
the spf for summer
a little concealer under the eyes
i love this moisturizer for my dry acne prone combination skin
the reason i gave 4/5 stars is because i wish it was a tad more moisturizing
i love this moisturizer!
i keep trying other moisturizers
provides that added sunblock
will try something a little more moisturizing next time
i wanted an unsecent moisturizer that was light
when paired withclinique super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer
it smells like most sunblocks do
i think i found my new spf day cream.
finally a moisturizer with spf that does not block the pores
i love this moisturizer.
hydrating as well as has spf
the fragrance of the lotion is awful
becuase its not a mineral sunscreen
this is theonly moisturizer i will use.
finding a moisturizer with spf was a must
i tried buying more expensive moisturizers
smells like sunscreen but its not greasy feeling.
it is my everyday moisturizer
i love the fact that it has an spf 25 as opposed to an spf 15 which most moisturizers have
unlike a lot of other moisturizers with sun protection
doesn't smell like sunscreen
i will put on an extra layer of regular sunscreen
needed a good moisturizer with spf
using any of the antioxidant
acne treatments in the market makes your skin more sensitive to sun damage
if you are using a toner
or any other exfoliator before applying this moisturizer
it has a higher spf than most other moisturizers
has sunscreen so better in that regard
my dermatologist recommended this since it's spf 25
i love the superdefense spf 25 moisturizer.
most moisturizers with spf can leave my skin looking
it's moisturizing but not greasy.
i've tried other age defense moisturizers
usually don't like feel of spf in moisturizers
the feeling of moisturizer on my face
as sunblock/moisturizer usually does
this moisturizer has literally abolished the flaking i used to have
it you scent or skin sensitive this product will meat your daily moisture need
usually sunscreen products break my skin out the day after use
i am willing to dab on some powder for the great sunscreen effects
this moisturizer holds up when i need it to
i love this moisturizer for the spf
that it is really moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being greasy
it is unscented as well.
the super rescue antioxidant cream at night
this works great as a daily moisturizer
after 4 days of using this moisturizer
i've found that most lotions with higher than 15 spf are chalky
it does feel a bit like sunscreen when applying
unlike the other moisturizers i have tried
perfect moisturizer for the summer months.
sunscreen products never do well with the eye area
no grease afterfeel that some moisturizers can have
this product is the lightest weight moisturizer ive ever used that has sunscreen in it
it also doesn't smell of sunscreen at all
which happens alot with moisturizers
i've tried many moisturizers over the years
i do wish it was higher than 25 because my cleanser contains glycolic acid
where i had some redness on my face after using another moisturizer
this moisturizer is a godsend.
this is a good moisturizer
moisturizes where i need it
i love that it moisturizes
helps nourish the skin
i also like the texture of the moisturizer
it smells a bit of sunscreen at first
i swear by this moisturizer.
my tanning days are so over
this all in one moisturizer takes the guess work out of wondering how to add sunscreen to your daily ritual
i've recently been having some hormonal acne after going off the pill
i like to mix up my cleansers
i decided to try the glamglow mud cleanser
although foaming cleansers typically dry out my skin
i decided to find a new cleanser as my drugstore br
i love this cleanser
having used the jurlique balancing rosewater mist for years
i usually use cream cleanser that's non-foaming
i love this cleanser!
this along with the whitening gel mist has done so much for my skin its a great feeling
i tried to use the herbal recovery gel
i follow it with the balancing toner.
i tried other cleansers
the balancing foaming cleanser is a mainstay in my routine
i enjoyed a jurlique's balancing foaming cleanser mini
i love the herbal sent of these products
use a heavier moisturizer for nighttime
only cleanser that is right for my skin
this cleanser deep cleanses
it's a little pricey for just a facial cleanser
of cleansers over the years
including my cream eyeliner from mac.
this gel cleanser foams into a nice lather
i would start with this cleanser
then follow with harsh benzole peroxide washes
i also love the rose hydrating spray.
use it as a night cream
or after a cleansing/ detoxifying mask
gave me a few trial packets of this moisturizer
i tried it as a facial moisturizer
i wish it had some mineral sunscreen in it
different from light, day creams.
moisturizing not to forget about the amazing smell
its the only moisturizer that soothes
replenishing foaming face wash
night over my new decleor serum
if they ever discontinue this moisturizer
it's an amazing moisturizer
i discovered this cream after receiving a facial at great jones spa
once you add all that other stuff the greasiness is diminished to a moisturizing glow
found this hard to use as a daily moisturizer
i love using it as a night moisturizer
it does have retinyl palmitate
those oils are all-natural
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is extremely moisturizing
i layer the calendula cream on top of this
the only other product i have found that is actually more moisturizing
after i exfoliate my skin needs moisture
this moisturizer fulfill my needs
i also use their exfoliant product.
moisturizes my skin all day long
i love this moisturizer.
this cream is so hydrating!
i can't emphasize enough how moisturizing
would smell great as a body lotion
wants a basic under eye moisturizer
it is perfect for prepping the skin prior to mineral powder
i think this cream definitely helps with that because of its good moisturizing element
i think this might be the restorative drink my eyes need before bed :
this is super hydrating
but its gentle and moisturizing.
the cream is light
i noticed that i am using less concealer now
even so-called "hypo-allergenic" ones
this product has caffiene
arnica in it two ingredients that help with puffy eyes
i love that is made of all natural ingredients
it is perfect under concealer
this product came with murad's 30 day acne kit
currently my routine consists of this product for a moisturizer
also love the cooling feeling of this moisturizer
it's mattifying and lightweight on the skin.
then i apply with a beauty blender the bare minerals tinted moisturizer
also performs well as a sunscreen
it moisturizes my skin
this moisturizer works amazing
the search for non-goopy non-greasing sunscreen has been frustrating
matte at least for 7 h
this moisturizer helps fight oils all day
while still being moisturizing
this is not only moisturizing
it doesn't smell chemically or like sunscreen.
acne-prone skin that is often surface dry from acne medications
only moisturizer i have used that moisturizes my skin yet keeps it matte all day
i moisturize first then use the oil control.
i combine this with lancôme bienfait teinte beauty balm
i tried everything under the sun including $300 facials
started using the skin perfecting lotion
i wouldn't have bought this for an everyday moisturizer
i love this moisturizer
i received this product in the murad 60 day acne treatment kit
the key is to apply serum
then moisturizer if you use it
after using murad skin products
this is a great moisturizer for oily skin.
it helps with acne
i still use a mattifying primer before applying my makeup
plus it has sunscreen - high quality - in it!
with all of the mattifying
this moisturizer stays lighter during the day
any skin moisturizer that i've tried with a decent amount of spf is oily
i switch to a more hydrating moisturizer in the winter
the lotions i had been trying would add to my oiliness even in the winter
the fact thats its a moisturizer
i tried the clear start oil clearing mattifying moisturizer
the spf is a plus.
it definitely improved the look of powders
moisturizers to control my oily skins
all sunscreens break me out except this one!
i love this sunscreen.
i've used this cleanser off
highly foaming cleanser that helps remove makeup
definitely a skin regimen staple.
now in my 30s i have hormonal cysts
be sure to use a good toner after this wash
follow up with a light weight moisturizer
after using this cleanser
also allergic to basically every face wash thanks to benzyl alcohol
i love this cleanser!!
this facial cleanser is mild
well this foaming cleanser checks off every item on my list
i may return it for the cleansing milk
i love this cleanse
super foamy cleanser that brightens the skin without dryness
i love this cleanser.
ive used this facial cleanser for a long time
foamy nature of this cleanser
i am a lucky girl that does not require to wash my face on a daily basis with facial cleansers to remain acne free
needing to wear a daily sunscreen
i decided to buy a cleanser to wash the lotion off daily
i highly recommend this facial cleanser
the facial sunscreen to anyone
the cleanser itself is a really good soft foaming cleanser
i even use an oil moisturizer
your skin ltierally calls for a serum/re balancing oil
gentle foaming cleanser #sephora this is the one i will definitely use everyday
i needed a new cleanser
but it smells like men's shaving creme!
last week i asked for a sample of their gentle exfoliating wash
last week i asked for a sample of their gentle exfoliating wash
last week i asked for a sample of their gentle exfoliating wash
last week i asked for a sample of their gentle exfoliating wash
i love this cleanser
i think if i didn't use the moisturizing toner
low for a cleanser that's for combination skin
i needed a new cleanser to replace my first aid beauty cleanser
i now want to try their exfoliator.
- miracle worker for keratitis pilaris
like men's shaving gel
also uses this cleanser
i also got the sunscreen
i love this cleanser
this cleanser is a miracle!
love this light foaming cleanser.
the cleanser pictured to the left is one of 3 foaming cleansers that clarins makes
the cottonseed one is my favourite
i still use an exfoliator 2-3 times per week
it lathers/foams well
i love this moisturizer.
i also had used clinique moisturizing gel
that wasn't moisturizing enough for my skin during the winter
i love this moisturizer for the winter months.
use this as a moisturizer after washing my face clean of makeup at night
it's definitely very moisturizing.
this does the work of both a moisturizer
as far as a moisturizer
i do, and love this moisturizer.
moisturizing anti- wrinkle cream that has a 15 spf
i love having the spf 15 protection in a light weight moisturizer
rich moisturizer which does make your wrinkles less prominent
i used other moisturizers
f i put it on for the day i have to put on sunscreen that is spf 50 or higher
i tried this moisturizer
i am allergic to high resolution night refill 3x
eye creams for more than 10 years
i love how hydrating it is after i wash off my makeup
goes great under my concealer.
the scent of this product is also a lot lighter scented in comparison to the lancôme high résolution refill-3x with spf 15 for the face
i still however would recommend this cream for starter wrinkles bc it is a great hydrating cream
i've tried many different eye creams
i am not sure about refilling wrinkles
i've tried more inexpensive creams
all eye creams should be applied in the orbital bone
i moisturize my face everyday
have tried lots of eye creams
love the texture cause it's really moisturizing.
this eye cream is very moisturizing
is moisturizing enough to last all day
if i apply a concealer over it
i find it to be hydrating
concealer goes on better over the cream
this new eye cream has everything-hydrating
the high resolution 5x eye serum under my eyes day
the use algenist eye cream
eat a raw food diet
i've also never done botox.
especially during allergy seasons
it just isn't as good as the neuropeptide perricone eye cream
wasting money on grocery store products to beauty counter ones to find the *perfect* eye cream or gel
which was very important to me since i use skin lightening face products w/ hydroquinone
the only problem is it is not moisturizing.
bought it in the kit with the vit c eye serum too because it was the same price as the eye lift alone
also switched from laroche posay cleanser to his nutrive cleanser
i did buy this in the vitamin c set
the vitamin c serum lasts
if you use it after eye moisturizer
it is not hydration cream.
murad spf 15 eye cream during the day over this
this is part of my daily regimen
you may need an extra moisturizer with this product
i've tried many eye creams
no allergic reaction and it works!
this replaces my pre-concealer primer.
i am in love with this eye serum.
i've tried switching to less expensive eye creams
this eye serum feels really rich
because i use an eye cream with spf during the day
the serum really stays in the area where you apply it
i still had residue from the serum
of all of treatments i've tried for my skin
so this lotion is a great substitute
apply the lotion to face & neck3.
in the am apply a lighter moisturizer then apply sunscreen spf 30
now with new formulations
i've tried retinol creams of other br
in my daily moisturizer for luminosity
i got a sample of 'poetry' when i asked for a retinol containing moisturizer to replace mine
i've never used a retinol before.
annoying dermatologist appointments can be avoided with poetry
i usually do botox and it was due.
the only downfall is having to get your skin used to retinol
i love this retinol lotion.
i do recommend using moisturizer in the am after using this
then use the sephora anti-aging moisturizing cream over it
combining it with a moisturizer
i used lots of benzoyl peroxide
00 for the laser treatment
i just use a exfoliating bath mitt
dermadoctor's poetry in lotion is my holy grail of products
this is the go to ingredient dermatologists use
i would recommend this to anyone who wants a good retinol lotion
i like to use it over a wrinkle serum.
fastforward 2 months after using poetry in lotion
this moisturizer is amazing
it has helped a great deal with my adult hormonal acne
also a moisturizer with sunscreen during the day
it helps with acne
like dermabrasion in a lotion.
moisturizers during the day
i don't use a moisturizer following this
photodynamic therapy lotion in the am
this is a full-strength retinoid that works!
retinol has so many uses
from treating acne to reducing wrinkles
since this retinol is blended with calming ingredients
this is a great introduction to retinol products
i believe it's the best retinol product out there
it works better than prescription retinoids.
moisturizing cream as well
if your skin can tolerate the retinol
i recommend using this cream with the philosophy retinol pads
made my skin softer than perscription retinol!
saw a dermatologist about getting laser treatments
i applied the poetry in lotion
one essential addition to this stuff--sunscreen!
i recommend mixing a bit of this with your regular moisturizer
also be sure to wear sunscreen during the day- always
this lotion is bringing them all to the surface
it is clearing any hormonal acne i do get
it's the first time i can use a tinted moisturizer
retinols are the exfoliant of choice by dermatologists for those w/ rosacea
always use with sunblock during the day after nighttime use
always use under a moisturizer.
this is the best antiaging treatment i have used.
i just love this lotion as a night time treatment
other retinol products can be really harsh
philosophy miracle worker moisturizer
my blemishes are healing
moisturizer would burn when applied on my off nights
s of over-the-counter retinol treatments
brightening effects of other retinol serums
poetry in lotion softens them
retinol creams in tubes can leak
as for the serum
if your skin tolerates retinol
this is my first retinol cream.
each time i applied moisturizer
i know it's a retinol product
this lotion is so amazing
this has had all the other side effects of retinol with my skin
because retinol thickens one part of the epidermis while thinning another
cannot use a lot of the retinol products out there
i love this retinol product.
sunscreen is a must with this product
immediately apply the ren omega 3 overnight lipid oil on top as a moisturizer
to be expected with a retinol product
other retinol creams for years
my skin is "used to" retinol
i know that retinol takes months to show full effects
started using poetry in lotion
i controlled the flakiness with moisturizers
this is my first retinol product
this is my first retinol product
finally a retinol cream without parabens
i love this moisturizer
i'll be switching with moisturizers.
i love moisturizers that don't leave residues on the face
moisturizing at the same time
i think this moisturizer is helping me
this moisturizer is so lightweight
sometimes use this at night over a serum
the use of this lotion
lightweight this cream was
non-perfume kind of way
i highly recommend this kate somerville moisturizer
i switched to a cheaper moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
after cleansing my face i applied this
this moisturizer has become my favourite part of my cleansing routine
it is important to moisturize
i love this moisturizer.
i fell in love with this moisturizer
it smells so good -kind of herbal
it's super light but super moisturizing.
this is a super lightweight moisturizer that packs a punch of hydration
i find that this is one of my moisturizers that i use the most
i'd probably recommend a serum underneath for dry skin
i started using the moisturizer
was in the market for a new moisturizer
goes well with the daily moisturizer for sensitive skin
i've tried a number of different moisturizers for my combination/sensitive to vitamin e skin
vitamin e-free moisturizers
found good reviews for this moisturizer
i love the scent and the applicator.
my skin broke out from layering on sunblock every day
bought a balm cleanser instead of a stripping foamy one
the oils in the products will nourish your skin so that your skin does not have to overcompensate by producing more oil when you use a stripping cleanser
this moisturizer is light
keep the antioxidants stable
moisturizing properties then add 2 drops of your favorite oil to it
kate somerville nourish -- 7 days later
i really like the nourish daily moisturizer in the kate somerville line of products
this is a wonderful hydrating moisturizer.
nourish is my moisturizer of choice in the spring
i’ve tried layering a hydrating serum under the moisturizer during the winter months
nourish does not contain spf which i like as i use this moisturizer day
$90 is steep for a 2x a day moisturizer
i will continue to use nourish as my summer moisturizer
with any other moisturizer i have used i couldn't moisturize am
i love this moisturizer.
ks moisturizer is helping my skin feel
this moisturizer is perfect for sensitive skin.
i just keep purchasing this moisturizer for my "normal" skin
cytocell along with her quench serum as nothing seems to work as well for my skin
i love this moisturizer
am stick with kate's moisturizers after trying many of the dr's
the most perfect facial light weight moisturizer.
after i use my nourish in the evening i put on my bare minerals night minerals treatment
i love this moisturizer.
a lot of daily moisturizers just haven't cut it
when her oil-free moisturizer was perfect with her detox cleanser
anti-bac clearing lotion
i tried the goat milk moisturizer first
even under the goat's milk moisturizer
i decided to try nourish
many moisturizers with anti-aging benefits are too oily for the day
i tried all the kate moisturizers
while moisturizing while at the same time feeling light
other moisturizers feel heavy.
decided to try the nourish daily moisturizer
her oil free moisturizer during the day
is light yet very moisturizing
i received a sample of kate somerville's nourish daily moisturizer
being on several topical acne mediations
i recommend korress yogurt moisturizer
cannot live without nourish daily moisturizer!!
i also use her cleanser.
not like a cream or a gel
kate somerville's oil free moisturizer during the day
decided to give this moisturizer another try
this moisturizer is truly the best moisturizer i've tried
i do use micellar wipes beforeh
gentle cleanser without the acne medication in it
it does remove makeup with the exception of mascara
i now only use concealer under my eyes
acne prone skin is amazing
i follow with my toner from ks
in the pm i use the exfolikate cleanser
this is excellent if you want to stay away from sal acid or benzyl peroxide to treat your mild breakouts
the eradikate spot treatment from ks is amazing at vanishing acne if your skin type reacts well to sulfur
helped even out my skin with the help of the exfoliator
i follow with clatins moisturizer
will not switch to another moisturizer
eczema acne prone skin
that's expected with benzoyl peroxide
i love this cleanser.
love this gel facial cleanser
just bought the nourish moisturizer!
it feels smooth and moisturizing going on.
i love this cleanser.
i've tried cleansers in the $90 range
i also love her oil free moisturizer .
my teenage daughter love the detox cleanser.
exfolikate acne clearing exfoliating treatment
the absence of sodium laureth sulfate makes it not foamy
natural, botanical oils cleanse while hydrating.
the gentle daily wash is a very mild cleanser.
hormonal breakouts coupled with dry spots
she was having hormonal breakouts
decided to try gentle cleansers
lotions instead of burning my skin with harsh acne products
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser
i love this face cleanser
i don't require a gallon of greasy moisturizer
have been using different cleansers with salicylic acid in them
great start for any regimen to exfoliate
i got this cleanser packaged with my clarisonic
almost like aromatherapy as i cleanse my face
i can honestly say that the only other facial cleanser that i have used that came close to the kate somerville cleanser for gentle skin was the cetaphil cleanser
any skin type would love this cleanser.
it is sulfate free
the detox at night
please super size this cleanser!
ks gel cleanser makes my skin smooth
i either put on kate's vatamin serum in the morning
i love this cleanser.
the reason for 4 stars is because i prefer her detox cleanser
use detox at night to take off my makeup
use this gentle cleanser in the morning
i will be returning to this cleanser.
since the max-strength creams
i started cleansing my skin 2-3x a day with this cleanser
the cleanser is mild
get hormonal break outs once a month
this cleanser cleared my skin
great cleanser for combination skin.
then use her goats milk cleanser in the evening which is super hydrating
this product is one of the better cleansers i've used
i tried using multiple drugstore face washes with salycilic acid
then use this acne cleanser after
the first pillow with oil-free sensitive skin lotion
get hormonal acne on my chin
the hormonal acne on my chin got better
swear i have found the face wash my adult acne
i needed a good detox cleanser for my drier combo skin with mild rosacea
was recommended this cleanser
this cleanser is great for controlling my acne without over-drying my skin
decided to try this cleanser
i also follow up this cleanser with kate somerville nourish moisturizer
they had recommended this cleanser to me for my youthful
boscia's konjac cleansing sponge with bamboo charcoal
i also suffer from adult hormonal acne around my chin
after reading tons of reviews online i decided to purchase this detox daily cleanser
this cleanser calms my skin
i love this cleanser!
with this cleanser i am having the best skin since before puberty
i've used a lot of acne cleansers
once the hormones of pregnancy subsided
i really like the cleanser because it's formulated with aging skin in mind
best cleanser for oily skin
products designed for acne-/combination skin tend to be over drying
as recommended by my dermatologist
great simple gel cleanser that foams
wash my face with fresh's soy cleanser
this cleanser i love
occasionally i'll get a hormonal breakout
prior to this cleanser i used boscia detoxifying black cleanser-- left me dry
this cleanser left my face acne free.
i still moisturize after using it
no moisturizing in any way do you definitely need an oil free moisturizer as well
i've read that foaming products can be drying
s that treat acne prone skin
this has replaced my clarifying cleanser by murad because of its hydrating properties
moisturize after using it
this is a great gel cleanser for my sensitive skin
i ran into issues with acne-treating facial cleanser being too tough for my skin
it keeps my acne check
oils off your face
i don't have acne prone skin
along with her oil free moisturizer my skin is looking glowy
i went from prescription topicals to now only using kate acne line products
i've tried tons of facial cleansers for my combination skin that tends to break out
this cleanser is mild
it is a great daily cleanser
i also love the spf lotion.
i love this cleanser.
i switched to this cleanser
ordered the acne kit which included this cleanser
then the goat milk moisturizer
in the morning i use this in conjunction with the acne toner
the water light spf 50 sunscreen
i been use kate somerville detox daily cleanser about 4
effective cleanser for acne prone skin
perfect for my acne prone combination skin.
so i got this cleanser along with kate's toner.
i love this cleanser
exfoliating twice a week with exfolikate
especially this daily detox cleanser
i love this cleanser
and the detox in p.m.
kate's face soap is one of them
this is my favorite moisturizer because i break out very easily with certain moisturizers
it's a great daily face moisturizer
i got a sample of this moisturizer from a sephora employee that tested how moisturized my skin is
this moisturizer keeps my oil at bay
i love this moisturizer because it is oil free
even other kate somerville moisturizers
this moisturizer is light weight
this moisturizer is amazing under makeup
i know this moisturizer is on the pricey side
for me its not really a healing lotion for dry skin
just a light everyday moisturizer
i also got the cleanser and toner.
very good moisturizer for acne prone skin.
i currently have been battling pregnancy/hormonal related acne after the birth of my child
glycolic acid for about a month now
lost a star for not having any sunscreen.
this light weight moisturizer is amazing as a base under your makeup
oil-free moisturizer that helps to keep my acne-prone skin in check
this is something my combination skin is not used to in an acne moisturizer
i feel like i need additional moisturizer for my cheeks
have combination skin that is acne prone
i love this lotion.
perfect moisturizer for oily skin.
goes great to layer over top her serums.
i love this moisturizer
i tried to find a similar moisturizer
it dispenses the moisturizer
its a light weight moisturizer
this moisturizer is great for girls with oily
it also feels like it does a great job moisturizing for an oil free moisturizer
if not then i recommend ca botana sea enzyme moisturizer
i now have a new appreciation for cream moisturizers
this moisturizer is fragrance free
spf because both my primer
i am in love with this moisturizer!
not only does it moisturizer my skin
night after i use my acne meds
plenty hydrating on my combo skin
it is moisturizing enough that my skin isn't dry anymore
i really prefer an oil-free moisturizer for my combinational skin
this isn't a mattifying product
wash my face really well with clinique facial soap then use this moisturizer
this moisturizer is strictly for combination to oily skin types
it will not be moisturizing enough for normal to dry skin
moisturizing then nourish is a great choice
other than that this moisturizer is my go to!
i don't like heavily scented moisturizers
i've tried several acne products
drugstore moisturizers out there
i only use this moisturizer in the winter
i reaaalllyyyyy love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is amazing for oily skin!
before applying my smashbox photo finish hydrating primer
i did not realize how much i needed to change my moisturizer until i forced to when korres discontinued their pomegranate gel moisturizer
i still need to use moisturizer
my rosacea seems less prominent having used this moisturizer
i also use their exfoliant.
this moisturizer should immediately migrate to you bathroom shelf
i also use eradikate and the daily cleanser.
i mix the gel cleanser with a creamy one from another line
the cleanser is the packaging--it really invites bacteria
i love this moisturizer.
started using korres night facial with this moisturizer
it's one of the best moisturizers for oily/acne prone skin plus is anti-aging
i need more hydration at my age
low-end moisturizers for combination
shiseido wrinkle resist night creme
i massage it in my skin thoroughly
this is my holy grail moisturizer.
including the goats milk moisturizer
i am thinking of trying the oil-free serum as well
this oil free moisturizer is perfect
along with the kate somerville acne cleanser
this lotion has saved my skin.
with patches of eczema so finding a moisturizer that hydrates my skin after washing
the only thing that has cleared up my hormonal acne
this anti bac clearing lotion does work
followed by a gel moisturizer
then this before my moisturizer
then mixing some in with my moisturizer
decided to add a benzoyl peroxide or a sulfur product to my regimen since this has cleared me up in the past
i wear makeup daily
my hormonal acne on my chin area
only use at night under a serum or moisturizer
my skin responds well to benzoyl peroxide
10% benzoyl peroxide = more dry skin than acne fighting power
after using it for a few days i do think it helped with my hormonal acne
make sure you put some kind of moisturizer or serum on top
my hormonal acne is controlled
some that are better with benzoyl peroxide
is perfect for people with acne prone skin
i've boughten so many bottles of this lotion
night after my toner
before my actually moisturizer
i changed my diet
this has 5% benzoyl peroxide just like the rodan fields unblemish acne treatment at a fraction of the price
night cream after applying the lotion
as can any acne treatment
will keep in my regimen
another product with retinol in it
definitely recommend for people who struggle with bacterial acne
moisturizing after has kept my face under control
i plan to give the toner a try next!
i developed hormonal acne along my chin
so def apply a moisturizer
it works like a 10% gel
that's what some 10% bp gels have done
5% lotion for daytime prevention
this 5% lotion does the trick
i really tried everything for my hormonal
this lotion is not hydrating
this is the only thing that has worked for my hormonal mild to moderate acne
have to apply a heavy moisturizer over it
i highly recommend this if you have hormonal acne
i constantly had acne
i found this clearing lotion
i do recommend using a lightweight lotion after applying though
i tried everything, even antibiotics.
it will bleach clothes or fabric with benzoyl peroxide
it's also the perfect moisturizer for my oily/combo skin
does not pill when layering
hormonal breakouts along the jaw line?
acne bacteria which is what you want
this lotion helped clear up my acne
i pair it with kate somerville daily detox cleanser
first aid beauty ultra repair cream
really helps with the hormonal acne
i've had acne all my life
only caveat: it can bleach towels
pillow covers dye to the active ingredient
nothing works like this lotion
you always need a layer of benzoyl peroxide on your face in order to keep acne at bay :
this lotion is amazing
i've tried a lot acne lotion
it works for my acne spot.
this is the only acne cream that i use.
a lady at sephora recommended this product for my acne
it has benzoyl peroxide which gets rid of current acne
some people have no reaction to benzoyl peroxide
others have no reaction to salicylic acid
don't forget to use a moisturizer after this product
this is really one of—if not the—best benzoyl peroxide treatments i’ve used in my life
org’s bp lotion for a long time
i always follow it with a moisturizer
this product is a treatment
if you want an all-over benzoyl peroxide treatment
doc told me it was likely hormonal
i now use purity face wash
recently i've been battling some hormonal adult cystic acne
benzoyl peroxide is a wonderful acne-fighting ingredient that is recommended for women of color due to the scar pigmentation issues surrounding the use of salicyclic acid
le all types of peels/exfoliators etc
this lotion is verrrry light
t could be even used in place of a serum
using a drying lotion like eradikate
it also helps with my hormonal acne
all of my acne is gone
i layer the guerlain superaqua serum
apply more heavy-duty moisturizers with it
but this lotion is amazing.
benzoyl peroxide is the solution for me as opposed to the common salicylic acid
i made the mistake of using this product without moisturizer
with the application of moisturizer afterwards
i apply the lotion every night after my retinol treatment
i used the anti-bac after cleansing paired with the eradikate spot treatment
before moisturizing in the mornings
for years i have been using products with salicylic acid to take care of my acne problems
including sulfur-based treatments
which are supposed to be more effective for adult/hormonal acne
does not dry out my skin like other moisturizers with benzoyl peroxide
moisturizer did with benzoyl peroxide
this lotion is a miracle!!!
oil-free moisturizer as well
this lotion is preventative
love the idea of goat milk in a moisturizer.
benzyl peroxide has always worked well for me
benzoyl peroxide is all i can use to control my acne
you need to use with a moisturizer
it's clearing/healing my existing acne
5% or 10% bp acne creams
i would put two pumps of the lotion
at that time my dermatologist put me on a 5% benzoyl peroxide cream
also be aware that benzoyl peroxide will bleach your clothing/pillow case
this cream is more like a lotion.
used it in conjunction with the goat milk moisturizer
sting with even the most sensitive moisturizing products
i tried this lotion
i love this face lotion
is the only benzoyl peroxide product i've found that doesn't bleach every fabric it comes in contact with
coupled with the oil-free moisturizer
the exfoliating properties of the entire detox line help to reduce dark spots
recommend a light moisturizer with it
i wash my face with boscia cleanser following with the toner
i apply my eye cream
don't forget to wear sunscreen the next day
at 27 i'm still struggling with hormonal acne after two bouts of accutane
i also mix it with juice beauty treatment
my current go-to moisturizer
i love using this moisturizer when my skin is irritated
it absorbs quickly like a gel-cream moisturizer
love this as a daytime moisturizer.
this is the only moisturizer that works with my skin
it also helps with the redness in my skin
i tried a couple other moisturizers that ruined my skin
i need a mositurizer that is hydrating
use this mostly at nighttime after a serum
i find this on its own is not as moisturizing as the "nourish" by kate somerville
this moisturizer is the perfect addition
it is so moisturizing you barely need any to cover the face
the only moisturizer i will use, my holy grail.
lightweight, yet amazingly moisturizing.
i like tinted moisturizer in summer
this moisturizer is a dream!
i love using kate somerville's goat milk moisturizing cream during the winter months
putting this moisturizer on everyday
this moisturizing cream worked wonders for me.
which i use it on before applying eye gel or cream
this moisturizer works wonders!
i continued using this long after because i find it extremely moisturizing
this moisturizer definitely help moisturize my skin
the hydration lasts all day.
it doesn't feel moisturizing on my skin
non-greasy moisturizer for day/nighttime
after an exfoliation treatment
purchased the korees greek yoghurt cream cleanser
would consider this to be a morning moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
i've tried a lot of high end moisturizers
has broken out from heavier moisturizing creams in the past
acne prone skin with hyper-pigmentation
hydrates like a thicker cream to me
my skin was less greasy by the end of the day than it is with other moisturizers
my usual moisturizer is kate somerville's "oil-free" moisturizer
it moisturizers the skin well.
this moisturizer is so light
instantly hydrates the skin
has an "unscented" scent
i am fond of lotions that have lactose or milk protein in their ingredients
i began using this moisturizer
i hope that i have found my daytime regimen.
this moisturizer works wonders for my skin in the morning
it's a light lotion consistency not a heavy cream moisturizer
wear well under sunscreen
this moisturizer is amazing.
deliciously moisturizing cream that absorbs easily
had dry skin patches due to exfoliating
for me the holy grail of moisturizers.
it's perfection for after my prescription retinal
lactic acid provides exfoliation without irritation
avocado oils are so moisturizing
actually calms the skin with aloe
provides antioxidants like vitamin e
this goes beyond a basic moisturizer
it exfoliates while deeply moisturizing
i usually have to put moisturizers on by the pound
such a super clean moisturizer!
i needed something more moisturizing in the winter months
the best facial moisturizer if you have dehydrated or dry skin
she explained that the clinique moisture surge is more of a drink of water for my skin rather than actual moisturizing properties
goat milk cream is h
i switch between this and ks detox cleanser.
the toner that is in the same line
my redness has reduced because of this amazing cleanser
it is a nice cleanser i use to help with my adult acne
i used this cleanser after i remove my make-up with philosophy purity cleanser
i've tried other salicylic cleansers
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser is currently working miracles on my problem skin in combination with kate somerville's anti bac clearing lotion
this purifying exfoliating cleanser is amazing
well because it compliments the anti bac clearing lotion that i had been using already with the detox cleanser
i switched to this cleanser from kate somervilles daily detox cleanser
i will continue to use this cleanser!
i started with this cleanser
nvested in the acne regimen as well
i love this cleanser.
a natural detoxing essential oil for oily skin
the lactic acid brightens
this cleanser is for combination oily
use the lactic polisher or exfolikate once/twice a week to exfoliate instead
responds incredibly to the retinoid i use
it works although i wanted to get the exfoliant mask
the cleanser is a bit drying.
i love the peppermint in it.
it is an exfoliating cleanser
exfoliating because it has ingredients that slough off dead skin
i love this cleanser
a fabulous liquid cleaner with ingredients that exfoliate
i need less frequent facials after using this cleanser
kate somerville's exfoliating cleanser is fantastic
i love this exfoliator
acne prone with pigmentation
serums take more technology
i frequently skip my moisturizer when i use this multitasking product
have experienced no allergic reactions
women want to know if i had a peel or had a professional exfoliation
i also use ks nourish moisturizer as my night treatment
as i use another peptide serum in the mornings along with my kate somerville daily discoloration perfector
great preventative cream for wrinkles
don't need a special daytime moisturizer
no longer feel the urge for botox
extremely moisturizing without being heavy or greasy at all
to me, 150 is a crazy price for a facial cream.
i don't have wrinkles
this is a wonderful moisturizer which helped sooth my aging
while the collagen in my neck
this night cream is ultra-moisturizing
this is a healing cream.
the regular moisturizer during the day
this is the most hydrating eye cream that i have used
kate somerville's repair cream with peptide k8 is a good deep moisturizer
one of the best creams that exist for under-eye wrinkle repair
creams can only moisturize and maintain.
i've tried a lot of eye creams
the last product i tried was perricone md eyelid serum without any success
is great under concealer
this is fast becoming my hg of eye creams!!
i've tried many eye creams
keeps concealer products from looking dry or crepey
it is flawless under concealer
i also use an exfoliator
was recommended the quench face serum
i think the retinol is al
and then i tried this serum.
under laura mercier tinted moisturizer
it contains retinol and hyaluronic acid.
i first used this after using the exfoliate facial scrub with my clairsonic
use the serum twice a day after washing
i found this on a list of "10 best moisturizers for acne prone skin
i've tried layer upon layer of face creams
wait 5 minutes then apply lotion & makeup.
my skin is temperamental…it's combination
it contains many antioxidants
retinol which i've never tried before
maybe because of the retinol.
makes my skin look better than this serum
this serum is super hydrating
this serum under cream leaves my skin feeling nourished
i apply this nightly underneath my kate somerville nourish daily moisturizer
this serum sinks into the skin fast
this serum keeps my face smooth
moisturizer without any irritation
i applied it every morning after my moisturizer
it seems to be very moisturizing
can go directly to sunscreen or foundation primer
this is the best one so far in terms of moisturizing
i don't even need the extra moisturizer i usually apply before sunscreen
i forget to put moisturizing at night
this is a lovely serum for smoothing
i would put this on under my moisturizer
this one does hydrate
then you follow with the kate somerville nourish daily moisturizer
her quench serum is amazing
i forgo using moisturizer
also suffer from dryness from acne meds
i am enjoying this serum.
is the best thing about this serum
this serum feels so good
this serum is great for winter for me
it does provide a mositurizing base for moisturizer
this was just what i needed because moisturizers are too emollient
use the whole product line or use another moisturizer
you cannot replace this serum
it is very moisturizing
just use the oil-free moisturizer
it is light moisturizing and not sticky.
i highly recommend this serum.
absolutely worth splurging on this hydrating serum
when i first tried this serum
i love this hydrating face serum.
this serum saved the day.
smooth serum that really hydrates your skin
i put a little bit of this serum on my face
love this product because it prepares my skin for any moisturizer
this serum is a must have.
i saw a video about kate somerville's quench hydrating face serum
i am picky with facial products .
usually a heavy duty moisturizer will cause breakouts
the serum sinks right in
a half pump mixed with my kate oil free moisturizer
i love this serum!
i love this face serum.
this is the bentley of serums
in my skin-care regimen
hydrates for hours under a moisturizer
i like the moisturizing result
the skin plumping effect
having ttried many expensive moisturizers
this is truly the best facial moisturizer for dry skin
no irritation even though it contains retinol
this serum perfectly protects my sensitive skin
i can't afford to pay $65 for an ounce of serum each time i run out
as a special occasion serum or primer
very hydrating serum that can be used alone or underneath a drugstore moisturizer
you need to massage it in
i cannot believe how wonderful this serum is.
this is the best facial moisturizer.
this serum leaves no greasy residue
you can use your own moisturizing product over it
sometimes i mix it in with my nourish moisturizer
have not found a perfect serum for my skin
my problem is i have hormonal break out
this serum makes my face look so smooth
i really love her total vitamin serum which i use in the daytime
it has small exfoliating-like beads
omly developed painful hormonal acne for the past year
follow up with the treatment toner
a gentle cleanser that is thorough
this cleanser--which is free of parabens
combo skin + using topical acne products that i think make my face sensitive
perfect for hormonal acne.
this stuff paired with the enzyme peel works wonders
it also doubles as a makeup remover cleanser which i love
eye makeup remover before using this
this cleanser is a great alternative for facials!
i love the way this cleanser leaves my skin after using it
i love this cleanser.
i follow up with a toner
acne spot treatment if needed
i do use acne medication every now
just by switching to this cleanser
perfectn i use this with my amorepacific enzyme peel
medicine, topical rx creams, proactiv twice.
the vitamin e seems to help prevent the stripping
this + a vitamin c serum + spf is all you need for daytime
i would almost buy for perfume/body wash/soap everything
you will need to moisturize after
this cleanser balances my skin
this face wash eliminated the need for any acne medications i was using
in fact its actually a bit moisturizing
i pair the cleanser with the enzyme peel a few times a week
the hyaluronic acid beads make me so happy
it really helped with my acne especially hormonal acne
i think its better than fresh soy cleanser
i just slap on my avene hydrating mask
enzyme powder are all good too
this cleanser is not drying
the enzyme peel is also amazing.
the beads helps are anti bacterial!
ing cleansers in its category/price range
i tried many cleansers like boscia
tend to layer my serums
fresh soy face cleanser
i've always used their cleansing foams
in the morning i find my skin is still soft just as if i used my cleaning balm to cleanse my skin
like i've found with other cleansers
definitely pricey for a cleanser
it is not an extremely hydrating product that's why you use a toner
i did notice by using this cleanser
i also really like that this product is sulfate free since my skin can get really dry
my everyday cleanser for now on.
i wear light foundation, eye makeup, lipstick.
foaming cleanser that washes clean
this foaming cleanser is just as amazing.
this foaming cleanser in the morning/day
i love this cleanser
it's help calm it down with it's antibacterial properties
i know this cleanser is pricey
i never was a believer in paying a lot for facial cleanser
i need a more moisturizing cleanser
i love this cleanser!
if i used water proof eyeliner
at times the amore pacific hydrating cream
i love this cleansing oil.
i prefer fragrance-free
i love amore pacific facial cleanser.
it has light and gentle exfoliation beads also.
this cleanser is expensive
i love this cleanser.
i've used all kinds of cleansers
i love this cleanser!
the first i tried was the enzyme peel.
it helps with my adult acne
it's moisturizing, healing , and luxurious.
i also purchased the amorepacific oil cleanser for face
i recommend to use the gel moisturizer as well.
i follow it an alcohol-free calendula/acai toner
doesn't emulsify like some oil cleansers
i follow up with a gentle foam cleanser just because i like double cleansing
it truly is a treatment cleansing oil.
i tried other cleansing oils
an oil cleanser at night to remove makeup
extra impurities on the skin
the fresh seaberry moisturizing oil
i am loving this cleanser as part of my skin care routine
it dissolves waterproof mascara
use it with the enzyme peel powder
sunscreen at the end of the day
the feel of the oil when massaging it into your skin is almost therapeutic
as a fan of their rice enzyme powder
i do recommend going over it with a toner
love this product for daily washing.
idk why for my acne prone skin oil based cleanser
run over eyes to remove my gel mascara
that is allergic to sunscreen
i like the smell of the cleanser
since this cleanser does not foam
i would recommend using the amorepacific treatment cleansing foam
it removes my mascara and eyeliner easily.
i tried the milk foam cleanser first
it hydrates my skin
use the cleanser daily
i'll see if i need to go back to a less moisturizing wash at that time
this is the only cleanser i can use
i've tried other oil-based cleansers
i've used many cleansing oils
always use another cleanser after using this remover
very effective at removing makeup including waterproof mascara
acne friendly cleanser i've used
i especially like the fact that the oils used are botanically derived rather than coming from a petrochemical
massage the oil into my face
this cleanser removes all makeup
which most cleansers do to my skin
this oil cleanser tends to irritate them
then use the cleanser
mportant in a skin care routine
i only wear waterproof mascara
i used the josie maran argan cleansing oil for many years
another cleanser is needed after this treatment oil
including my waterproof mascara
it also moisturizes my skin at the same time
i feel like i'm getting a daily facial massage.
the massaging action will emulsify the oil
masks or acne treatments
i got the toner
the gel moisture bond
clean skin- very preventive
i love cleansing oils
massage it around for a while
this is my first oil cleanser
using my acne face wash in the mornings
even the water proof mascara
im comparing this oil to boscia's cooling makeup breakup cleansing oil
ordered this cleansing oil
rinse with more water
unlike josie's argon oil cleanser
i wanted to find another cleanser
its super moisturizing and removes all makeup
with my other "soapy" cleansers
amorepacific cleansing oil is my new "holy grail" facial cleanser
i love that this cleanser is also an eye make-up remover
your skin needs vitamins like you're body need exercise
as well as the rest of the skin pampering line.
i love the scent for this cleansing oil
i can go without moisturizer
i love this cleansing oil
light and non-greasy cleanser.
this cleansing oil even removed waterproof mascara with no trouble
my hg light cleansing for day
the moisturizers too oily
instead of drying my skin out like all of the other cleansers i had used prior it moisturized my skin
i tried about 10 different oil cleanser
i've never experienced a moisturizer like this.
this moisturizer helped me a lot after using retin-a
i love this moisturizer.
i alternate this with my tatcha water cream for my daytime moisturizer
i've tried countless numbers of moisturizers from many br
this is the perfect morning moisturizer.
the gel is lightweight but hydrates well.
to make a tinted moisturizer- other creams/gels i've tried make it break up
this cream is so moisturizing
gel texture products contains lots of alcohol
this gel is so light
both are blue gel moisturizers
the one problem i had was that my sunscreen would pill
i love this amorepacific gel.
though this moisturizer is on the pricer side
i also use their enzyme peel
i really like this moisturizer because i have oily skin
the tinted treatment moisturizer
i am in love with this moisturizer.
in combination with the treatment cleansing oil
i am beyond obsessed with this moisturizer.
i also use their tinted moisturizer.
e it to my ritual of using this moisturizer
this is a great moisturizer for oily/combo skin!
the creme one in the winter
i love this moisturizer.
i believe it has to do with the hyaluronic acid in the product
this moisturizer is perfect
my skin is acne prone
this moisturizer is great for oily skin
excellent moisturizer for oily skin.
moisturizing this product is
now i'm addicted to the rejuvenating serum
moisture bound vitalizing masque as well
this is the first moisturizer i've found that hydrates
serum mixed with this gel
i love this lotion!!
at the same time is hydrating
which had this crème inside
so good as daytime moisturizer.
particularly in this gel moisturizer
my favorite moisturizer for my dry, aging skin.
it doesnt create acne in my skin
this is my first time using a gel moisturizer.
it is extremely moisturizing and absorbant.
it's like a mini-facial when i put this on after the serum
it might be my summer moisturizer
even the ones that claim to be hypoallergenic or organic
this hydra-gel is a fabulous daytime moisturizer for my skin
i find that using the hydra-gel for daytime
the rejuvenating cream at night offers me the best dryness coverage without greasiness
just purchased the moisture bound refreshing gel
it's a hormonal imbalance as well
i love this oil free moisturizer!
this moisturizer definitely delivers
moisturizing without the sticky, shiny feeling.
was always fighting against acne inducing or weak moisturizers
this product is very moisturizing
like putting chilled aloe vera on a suburn
it's super lightweight even though it's so moisturizing
this gel calmed the redness
i don't want perfume in my face creams/gels.
but this serum is perfect for me.
i love this moisturizer
i don't think this moisturizer is enough unless you are using a cleansing oil instead of a foaming cleanser
so my conclusion is that the hydra-gel is a good gel moisturizer
watery gel moisturizer to replace the one i had been using
this moisturizer is the only product i have found that minimizes the wrinkles by really hydrating the skin
this serum has drastically helped my hormonal break outs lighten
i do however use glycolic on my face before applying this
i prefer this serum over their hydroquinone one
not exposed to like it is a more potent vitamin c than others in the store
this gel-moisturizer is amazing.
i absolutely love gel moisturizers
i've found it also seems to do double-duty moisturizing during these colder months too
using this as my regular nightly moisturizer because i tend to use a lot of moisturizer at night
probably the most effective brightening/radiance serum i've ever used
it's my favorite vitamin c moisturizer i have found
when i went in to buy at the amazing sales associate let me know that the vitamin c in this product was 50 times more potent than any other vitamin c
then use this serum
this product is not a moisturizer in my opinion
murad's advanced active radiance® serum is life changing
follow by my moisturizer
also going tanning on
the murad advanced active radiance serum provides fantastic
i am only able to use a few moisturizers as a result of skin sensitivities
i started using murad's advanced active radiance serum with lukewarm expectations as to its efficacy
this serum does not hydrate
so do make sure to apply moisturizer after giving a few minutes for the serum to absorb
then apply murad vitamin c step 3 moisturizer on top of it
i think i've found my go-to serum.
this serum works great.
the serum clears my skin texture
my skin was doing well since using the acne gel
tried to switch to this serum
i sometimes use baking soda as an exfoliator
i noticed that whenever i used the baking soda
followed with this serum
follow with the serum
last month i was on the hunt for a hydrating face serum hoping to find one before the winter season
this is serum is definitely hydrating
top it with powerful moisturizer with sunscreen
i've stopped getting professional facials since i started using active radiance
this product is more of gel type serum
after two bottles of the serum
for those not seeing any results a sunscreen is a must
everyone has heard of the wonders of vitamin c so this is a staple in my routine
i also buy the latest anti-aging serums for nighttime use along with a vitamin a/retinol moisturizer
can say as far as vitamin c serums go
i like this serum so far.
my skin in combination.
you don't need much of this serum
the active radiance serum
essential-c moisturizer are a great duo
murad for introducing sucha miracle serum
i can't recommend this serum enough!
i realise that for a serum some people may think this product is a little pricey
this is an excellent serum.
the active radiance serum makes your skin glow.
i might try using another vitamin c product that is gel base after i'm done
the serum goes right in
this is my second bottle of this serum
when i read the bio of this serum
put in some bronzer
the texture does not dry out my skin like some other serum
other vitamin c containing serums
i just tried this serum, and love it!
this is one of the best vitamin c products on the market today
the air-tight packaging means the vitamin c won't degrade
using murad's active radiance serum before moisturizing seems to allow the moisturizer to really soak in
i love this serum!
we all know how important vitamin c
anti oxidants are to our aging skin
i love this serum.
want to try the other murad moisturizers
this is the best serum for to tighten the first wrinkles you see
before i put on moisturizer
this radiance serum seems to keep my skin "balanced
this serum is another hit
as directed put my moisturizer over it
i start with the essential c toner then apply the serum followed by a moisturizer
i don't have the essential c moisturizer
this serum is wonderful.
let your skin absorb the serum for the suggested minute
this serum really brightens your skin.
if i use this serum more than two days continuously
now i go every other night with a retinol.
even tho it's a serum i didn't even need a moisturizer
c creams), but did the job.
aging skin will love this product.
he started using a glycolic face wash from anthony
moisturizes with the jack black double duty moisturizer
i exfoliate with all kinds of scrubs
the masque is a clear gel out of the tube
prescription acne cream that my insurance covers
my new routine is after washing my face with benzoyl peroxide
while it is pricey for a facial mask
i do facial style extractions on my face.
i tried alpha hydroxy acids
after a couple treatments i noticed my hormonal acne healing
i like to apply this product after i extract my blackheads with my extractor tool
i cleanse my face
exfoliate several times a week
great adjunct to my skincare to help clean clogged pores worsened by tropical heat
t pore refiner as the moisturizer as part of my bedtime regimen
like most face cleansers
i always have to use a moisturizer
lotion from a previous purchase
then use the clinique exfoliating scrub
really liked this product as a blackhead remover.
the serum sinks in within a minute
if you don't like the idea of committing to a $60 serum
i keep up with my beauty regimens
used it along with the matte lotion from this line
again a lot of serums at sephora don't have these powerful ingredients
however i like the texture of this serum
this serum doesn't do that
i wanted a serum that had vitamin c in it.
this is a great serum for firming
moisturizing especially good if you have sensitive skin or rosacea
this serum works great.
i've tried a bunch of different serums
this serum has many skin nourishing elements
it's a great peptide serum
it's a light and fast-absorbing serum.
the spf moisturizer during the day
aftershave as his skin routine
jb protein booster eye rescue
jb protein booster skin serum
jb double duty face moisturizer
this serum his face fabulous
i accidentally used this serum
i can tell you that this serum works
i dont care if its men's serum
this is a light serum.
i likte the fact that it has niacinamide
i've tried so many serums
this serum is an all-star
i wanted him to get the antioxidant benefits to keep his skin healthy even if he is not concerned about wrinkles
he's tried other men's serums before
this serum is absorbed quickly.
this serum is still the most amazing product for my under eye
i apply this serum a.m.
instead of the spf concealer i use a rich eye moisturizer
this eye serum melts into the skin.
this eye serum had mixed reviews.
i noticed people that said it wasn't moisturizing--
the ester c eye serum goes on "dry" if that makes sense
pair it with the perricone md deep wrinkle serum
although the serum is very light
the moisturizing gives a good hydrating balance
after i cleanse my skin
i swear it's because of the vitamin c ester serum
vitamin c ester eye serum is touted as a therapeutic treatment for the eye area
vitamin c stimulates collagen growth
am obsessed with this eye serum
it hydrates your under eye skin
miss a day of using this eye serum
i love this eye serum.
wrinkles as my concealer goes on better
neuropeptide eye three times a week
i love this serum.
i know this is supposed to be used as an eye serum
since its vitamin c
i love the ester c
i love the fact that this serum is so light-weight
i credit this serum with keeping the wrinkles at bay
c ester eye serum for 3 weeks now.
but the ester c is fantastic!
this one helps to make the other serums
my dermatologist told me to use products with vitamin c
this eye serum is great.
works well with my other facial creams
the vitamin c ester eye serum has immediate
nice serum under your eyes.
this eye serum is great!
became dry so had to use a retinal moisturizer
it is a great base for my eye serum.
it's cheaper than buying an exfoliant wash constantly
i already have the perricone c ester serum for my eyes
although i can tolerate vitamin c in eye serums
if you've had issues with vitamin c in the past
this amine in the daytime
skin issues: i'm 34 with combination skin
it has every ingredient i was using separately packed into one serum
i apply the face finishing moisturizer afterwards
followed by my chanel moisturizer
my facial toner are the two i cannot do without
not as heavy duty as the acyl-glutathione
i started using this product along with theacyl glutathione cream
cold plasma sub d
i still cleanse my skin with philosophy products
i also use citrus wash
face finishing moisturizer from perricone
this is the greatest antiaging serum ever
the amine complex is great for daytime use.
botox is not needed.
that any of my fine lines that haven't been treated by my retinol the night before are almost gone with my morning treatment of high potency amine complex face lift
using a toner on my skin
the pore minimizer toner
dhc vitamin c essence
awake vitamin c essence
derma e's ester-c serum with e
this vitamin c product is a keeper!
use this product every evening as a moisturizer
in combination to my moisturizer
so you need retinol
you must use a sun screen the day after as the retinol increases photosensitivity
treatments i put it through
my skin just drinks in the product.
i do use bosia nighttime moisturizer on top of it
this product really is a skin-perfector.
creams over the years
after trying the perricone regimen
with all the ingredients you want in a skin cream
i won't be without this evening hydrating lotion.
exfoliate every few days
the face finishing moisturizer
it is very moisturizing.
i just tried the high potency amine complex for the day
after applying cold plasma for about a year
this serum makes my face glowy without being greasy
it's my new night serum
after two days of using this product with the amine face lift
it doesn't make my skin itchy like the concentrated restorative treatment
have been using 10% glycolic acid treatments for years
its not a moisturizer people
its a serum for under your moisturizer
complements the amine face lift used during the day
keeps my acne and oil in check.
get hormonal breakouts every now
i always use a moisturizer or moisturizing mask after
is the addition of salicylic acid
***i just combat mild hormonal breakouts
as this is not a benzoyl peroxide product
its active ingredient is salicylic acid which is a derivative of aspirin
has no bleaching effects
i apply on any pimples at bedtime
it works on acne!
they wouldn't go away after exfoliating
this is the perfect way to combat stress/hormonal acne
wash with neostrata skin active exfoliating wash
rinse apply clinique dramatically different moisturizing lotion+ mixed with effaclar duo by la roche posay or my 4%bha when needed
then exfoliating with the product on a scrublet
this product does help acne
what is amazing about this product is that it peels your skin chemically
i usually wash my face using clinique acne solutions cleansing foam
it is a clay mask that also contains anti acne ingredients
my face is matte
i've had some recently painful breakouts from doing facials
the acne soultions spot healing gel
i've found that in conjunction with my normal facial cleanser
also good for acne spot treatments.
immediately follow it with the moisturizing gel
a must have for acne-prone skin!
seemed to work better with the clinique acne cleanser
exfoliants every couple days
right before my toner
its not a cure-all for acne
the ph of the mask makes the salicylic acid ineffective as an exfoliant
i combine this with a bha exfoliant moisturizer
a 10% benzoyl peroxide spot treatment
i am so allergic to sulfer
this luxurious day cream moisturizes
it moisturizers without any oiliness throughout the day
this is one of my top moisturizers
she also loves this moisturizer
also use the reservatrol serum along with it
my face creams that i use
it's an amazing moisturizer
some people may have an allergy to this
t's glow revitalizing retinol eye cream
this will be a great cream following facial peels
use the nighttime moisturizer
short of injections or surgery
my #1 fave moisturizer from neal's yard remedies costs $44
just using this cream without any essence or serum or lotion for a week made my face skin so bright
i wear a foundation primer
the cell night renewal cream
i usually just use coconut oil as a moisturizer.
this technically is a serum
i wear this cream both under my liquid foundation
over as hormonal issues begin
i generally use either the balancing serum
or the radiance serum before the creme
i've tried using it in combination with the firming serum
the moisturizing effect lasts all day.
i find the vinexpert serum
i find the cru eye cream works wonders for puffiness
effective cream that hydrates
i used a glycolic exfoliating mask that was too strong for my skin
does this cream have sunscreen?
i put a serum on first
creamy lotion that eliminates any bit of dryness
night moisturizer because the hydration is intense
allergy to skin care products easily
after using the 1st wrinkle cream for 5 years
improved version of the 1st wrinkle cream
it is thick and very moisturizing.
i love that this doesn’t feel chemically
has sunscreen in it
my skin got hyper-sensitive after using benzonyl hydroxide
retin-a for acne treatment
foundation spray some grape water
it also is a serum and moisturizer in one.
s' night cream/creme before
very moisturizing for my dry skin
doing whatever else i choose to get my skin prepped at night for moisturizing
meaning i do not need an extra serum or target treatment because this product delivers all the moisturizing
it seems to continuously moisturize
almost no facial wrinkles
i decided to try cold plasma.
i started using this with korres saffron serum
for me it smells like an unscented moisturizer.
when i place my moisturizer over cold plasma
this is a treatment that you use on a cleansed face before your serums
cold plasma is truly the holy grail of skin care products
this lightweight serum absorbs so fast
then add my moisturizer
from this line of skin care
try the perricone md face firming moisturizer
some reviewers described it as a yeast smell
after either a vitamin c serum or sk-ii essence
cold plasma has made for a great daily serum that keeps my skin clear
i definitely recommend it for a night time serum
i started using this in addition to an otc topical
if you couple it with his moisturizer
immediately spray strong perfume on your face.
i love cold plasma.
moisturizers from snail secretion stuff to lamer
use either the advanced face firming activator or the high potency amine face lift in the mornings
it is now my daily regimen.
stop you from buying cold plasma
i've tried all kinds of creams
cold plasma sub-d
i love cold plasma.
i may add other serums to my routine
after about 3 weeks of using the serum
the perricone eye serum in the am
this serum is amazing.
especially the finishing moisturizer
my skin needs the hydration.
it's moisturizing yet not oily
i can grab my cold plasma
use retin-a at night
that's with out the supplements
this product has cleared my skin of acne
i will always use this serum.....
i researched cold plasma
money on my regimen
night under my moisturizer
it helps alot with redness
i never used to use sunscreen
you must now know a lot about natural products without synthetic dyes or fragrances
i like this moisturizer
is removing hyperpigmentation as well
i used the olay dark spot correcting serum
i recommend using this as a daily moisturizer
this moisturizer is perfect.
i drink liquid chlorophly 2x a day to clean my blood
def not a lightweight moisturizer
concealer under my eyes
my mother's skin was discolored from years of gardening without sunscreen
normally i would break out from an spf in my moisturizer
this moisturizer is different
i usually add a little bit of squalene to every jar
i love this moisturizer.
when used with the dark spot lightening serum
i pair this with my clinique moisturizer
it smells like sunblock
i did enjoy this moisturizer
it is a sunscreen as well
spf in case of exposure to the sun
i am going to purchase the dark spot corrector serum
this moisturizer has done wonders for my skin!
i love this moisturizer!!!
i love this face lotion.
7oz jar of this lotion usually lasts me about 2 months anyways
it could be my diet
goes great with the skin tone corrector serum.
usually i have to change moisturizers in the winter to avoid "chicago winter skin
i love this moisturizer
it's a light moisturizer- i still need an extra moisturizer for my dry/combo skin
this moisturizer is perfect
i love this moisturizer!
i suggest to use with extra virgin coconut oil.
this cream is very moisturizing
plus it has spf
i believe that this product is a great daily moisturizer for women who have dry to normal skin
for now i will stick to dramatically different moisturizing gel
this moisturizer has done wonders for my skin!
this moisturizer is very light
chemical peels did not give me the lasting results that clinique's even better system have on my facial hyperpigmentation
i starting using this about 2 months into using the serum morning
this moisturizer does the trick.
contains sunscreen which i love
this spf moisturizer works great for my skin :)!
clinique's even better moisturizer hydrates my face
lotions that are not tried
this is my moisturizer of choice for the fall
i just ordered the serum
exfoliating my face well
i love this skin cream!!
i love this lotion!
most spf products irritate my skin
this moisturizer uses chemical blockers so does not have those problems
my dermatologist stressed to me the importance of wearing a daily moisturizer with spf
it's part of my daily regimen.
it is a good moisturizer
it has spf which most moisturizers don't.
i don't mind the sunscreen
it does have a mild sunscreen scent which disappears rather quickly
i will say this product is an exfoliant
i love this cream because it is a moisturizer as well as a sunscreen
the sphora tech suggested i try cliniques gentle cleanser
acne treatment toner with the even better skin tone correcting moisturizer spf 20
this does not make my skin shine while moisturizing
i like that it has sunscreen in it.
it's also very moisturizing
it's so moisturizing that it works great over a period of time
along with the serum
i love the gel-cream texture.
it is very moisturizing.
i don't have wrinkles just puffiness
also hydrating the skin around my eys
i like the serum
night cream along with some toner
plus, it helps my concealer last longer.
i wear contact lenses
1 year of using no moisturizer
i also use the genifique serum too.
it sort of has a serum feel to it
works great with the genifique face serum
i think it's a great eye cream for preventative measures
i've had no allergic reaction
also works really well with concealer
it's more like a serum
drug store products i decided to just focus on concealer to cover them up
- may not be moisturizing enough in the winter time
eye creams as well as a few other drugstore br
looking to purchase eye gel/cream that reduced dark circles
it is meant to go under your moisturizer or eye cream
i apply a small amount of whatever moisturizing eye cream i'm usuing
it's not advertised as a moisturizer
it is a gel-like creme, and applies well.
this is my go-to eye creme!
this eye creme has sort of a creme-gel consistency
it is my holy grail cleanser now.
the natural smell is a bit medicinal
try to use a cleanser that is gentle
been using this facial cleanser
even some hypoallergenic products causes me to have some reaction
this cleanser saved my skin!
i love this cleanser!!
this is my day time face cleanser
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser was it!
i've tried multiple drug store cleansers that promise that they're gentle
the kit included a face cleanser
ultra repair hydrating serum
with the face cleanser
i couldn't wear my pressed mineral foundation
this cleanser is a miracle.
one day i was recommended to try this cleanser
i love this cleanser
this cleanser in combination with my moisturizer is perfect
this is such a great basic, facial cleanser.
it is a cleanser that can set the tone for a quality regimen
this cleanser is the holy grail for my face
i even get eczema
this is the only cleanser that removes all of my makeup
it smells like a bar of generic soap
nor does it leave a residue or film behind like some other "moisturizing" cleansers can do
moisturizing cleansers too oily
i absolutely love this facial cleanser!
gentle cleanser that doesn't irritate my skin
s out to me is the smell of glycerin
the trick is to lather it in your h
this is great for a daily cleanser.
bought the kit that is this cleanser with the bar soap
where my acne is
drying i wanted a cleanser that would cleanse
refresh my skin for my morning care
before i would use my ptr acne wash both day
night as my cleanser
keep my ptr only for the night after my makeup remover
i love this face cleanser!
it cleanses my skin
so it's great for a cleanser,and makeup remover!
i recommend using it with the face moisturizer as well
great makeup remover cleanser
follow with the moisturizer
this product reminds me of a prescription face cleanser i used as a teenager
without the harsh chemical dryness the prescription gave me
if you use remover prior to washing
i switched from my usual cleanser for acne prone skin to this
the cleanser is my favourite product
love that it is essentially unscented
i experience less acne now
i've used it paired with the fab moisturizer
i love this moisturizer along with the vitamin c booster
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser in combination with the moisturizer is a life saver
great, mild, & gentle everyday facial cleanser!
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser.
do recommend using a moisturizer after using this
the caffeine takes out puffiness in the morning or after a long day
i usually put this on after moisturizing
i allow it to dry for about 10-15 minutes before applying concealer
i keep the detox eye roller in the fridge because i have chronic eye allergies
before i moisturize it
i put it on before lotion or primer
it helps with puffiness
the first aid beauty detox eye roller has a desensitizing effect so applying eyeliner is so much easier
hydrates in time to moisturize
definitely wouldn't consider this product a serum
most eye creams cause even my waterproof mascara
then i received the fab detox eye roller in a set of fab products
it is very moisturizing
i love the detox eye roller i use it every morning
my rosacea is totally under control now i use it with the anti redness serum
this is my go to moisturizer
i am obsessed with this moisturizer.
when i use a different moisturizer
i ran out of my moisturizer
this cream has done miracles for my skin.
which was making my concealer/foundation grab
this moisturizer is perfect if you're on a budget
this is now my holy grail moisturizer!
i don't use it as a moisturizer on my face
i think that the colloidal oatmeal is an important ingredient
i still layer my serums morning
when all of your other moisturizers aren't helping
medications from my dermatologist did nothing
it is so moisturizing
even just for a nighttime moisturizer
i now use this with fab face cleanser.
this moisturizer is a game changer
not because of it's moisturizing capability on my face
a lighter weight moisturizer in the morning
my holy grail moisturizer.
compared other moisturizers i used before
heals better than any lotions
or salicylic acid creams i've ever tried
eczema my entire life
it smells a little bit herbal-medicinal
that lotion did not heal my skin
have always used cerave as a moisturizer
a lady at sephora recommended the ultra repair cream to me
this moisturizer is perfect for it
this is the cream for you
my only complaint is i don't normally like cream moisturizers
using a sugar scrub everyday helped some
i tend to use this more as a night cream over my retinoid treatment or just by itself
this is the only moisturizer that keeps my skin moisturizer while not breaking me out
i tried different creams
"ginger skin" is what my mom calls it
i break out from all kinds of lotion
s in bleach a lot at work
if you like cream moisturizers or need something that packs a punch
can't wear perfumes or scented lotion
this moisturizer is a skin-saver
i needed a moisturizer that could help balance my skin needs
moisturizing for my sensitive skin
has to be one of the most hydrating moisturizers i've ever used
i've tried almost every moisturizer
i got the 2 oz bottle
i love this lotion.
i struggled to find a lotion that would help with the eczema on my legs
it takes care of my eczema completely!
moisturizing product that hydrates deep down with exceptional penetration
cream after i wash my h
soothing for my rosacea type skin
the moisturizers my dermatologist recommended weren't really working for me
would try to cover up with concealer
no more expensive dermatologist appointments!
eczema sufferers must try this!
i don't like the 6oz tub
this helps soothe my skin much faster than calamine lotions
the only thing that would heal it is prescription ointment
i've kissed my prescription creams good bye--
this moisturizer is really good at sealing in the face's natural oils
if you don't use a hydrating serum or an emollient before
when patches of eczema needs more moisture
i used it everyday as a facial moisturizer
i moisturized used masks rose water
then i got a sample of the fab ultra hydrating serum
i love this moisturizer!
i cannot use any products with fragrance
i usually react to most moisturizers or lotions
most eczema lotions have a smell
finding a moisturizer that actually hydrates my skin
this is my go-to moisturizer
benefit cosmetics total moisture facial cream
ultra repair cream intense hydration
the foaming cleanser was okay at first
i love the serum from this line
it's amazing as a normal everyday moisturizer.
i needed some good hydrating repair cream after my laser skin treatment
while most lotions made for eczema make me feel sticky
i will be using this moisturizer for life!
sometimes i will mix this moisturizer with benefit's "total moisture" facial cream if i want intense hydration
applied the moisturizer right after
this is the only moisturizer my sensitive skin can h
who is going through chemo
fields most intense hydrating moisturizer
this cream works it wonders
buy this cream helps everything!
this thick cream is definitely moisturizing
the 6oz tub will last me a long time if i use it more for spot treatment than an all-over moisturizer
this is the only lotion which has ever cleared up my eczema
until i found this anti-redness serum
use the first aid beauty serum at night
for people with oily skin i believe it would really too moisturizing for them
this is a miracle cream
this cream is truly healing
i think this does a job of a moisturizer
water based moisturizer for sure
agree with those that question this being called a serum though
when i came across this serum
i really like this serum.
this anti-redness serum has something in it that totally works
help with my rosacea
nothing has helped other than prescription steroid creams which i didn't want to use
this serum i'm defiantly seeing results
i take them together with prescription creams for rosacea
this is a bit moisturizing
can skip moisturizer when wearing foundation with it
this product isn't vey moisturizing
while this serum does not eliminate all redness
yes, it's more like a lotion than a serum.
my only complaint is that it feels moisturizing for about a minute
makes my skin supersoft
this serum along with the cleanser
this serum calms the redness in my face
use before moisturizer to lock in moisture all day
i found fab's anit-redness serum
is in its hydration
i find this product especially useful the day after having microdermabrasion or a skin peel
ever since i started using this serum my rosacea has gotten a bit better
i started using first-aid anit-redness serum about six months ago
so far i have tried the moisturizing cream
anti-redness serum managed to heal my level of sensitivity
this serum does well for my skin
the lady at sephora told me to use this in conjunction with the fab facial moisturizer
this serum is a savior!
leaves my skin feeling super soft when using this serum
i got a sample of the redness serum
so the pros at sephora reccommended i try this for the redness/rosacea
i've also now added ptr camu camu serum
this serum was amazing
is moisturizing even on my oily skin
applied this serum before trying on various foundations
the lotion is way thicker than i was expecting
i would call it more of a lotion
i don't feel greasy when using lotion or a facial oil over top
i tried facial cleansers that say 'reduce redness'
it is a moisturizer as well
i would layer it with another moisturizer for extra moisture
i find that this serum drastically calms the redness in my skin
this serum is the best way to prep the skin for a full face of makeup
i couldn't believe this serum actually worked.
then immediately patting on this serum
was advised to get in the retinol game
i follow that with my serum and then moisturizer.
then i use the ptr retinol eye cream.
i kept slathering on different moisturizers
serums to combat the dryness
this serum has 1 or 1
the consistency of the serum is that of water
plus it has reduced hyper-pigmentation leftover from my hormonal breakouts
some weeks i use only a moisturizer
tried out a few serums
love this retinol as it is gentle
been scared to use retinol
are just plumping my skin
lather my skin in soothing face oils
exfoliator compliments this product
you need to be careful with any retinol product
i like this serum.
the consistency of this serum is very easy on skin
i do use origins nightamins after i apply the serum for moisture
this is my first go with retinol i think this is a good starter retinol
bye bye undereye bags
after considering other serums
did not irritate my skin like some retinol products do
i've used many retinol products that have made my skin a dry
then i found this amazing serum!
it is a serum so you don't need much
i love this retinol because it is
during the day i only wear sunscreen lotion
this was my first retinol treatment
will continue to purchase until i find a retinol serum like this from a non-cruelty br
very lightweight, i apply a moisturizer after.
this is my first product that contains retinol
bumps under the skin as well as hormonal breakouts
it helps with hyperpigmentation
just remember to use sunscreen during the day!
this serum is changing my life as i know it.
a sephora employee suggested me to try this serum or peter thomas roth professional 3% retinoid plus
beyond can benefit from a good retinol product
this serum worked wonders for me
really wanted to get a retinol serum
this serum has improved my skin
do remember though that retinoids take time!!!
just mix with a little moisturizer.
i've tried prescription retinol before
it's hydrating and non irritating.
i follow with moisturizer
this is a miracle serum.
gross medi-spa peel once a week which is a must if you're dry
look less pronounced with this serum
in the summer i can actually use just the retinol fusion in lieu of moisturizer
found out about this retinol serum
i would recommend anyone who has been struggling with hormonal acne like mines to try it
this serum is amazing!
if your skin is too sensitive for prescription retinol
my hormonal acne has been out of control.
this and the acne sulfur mask are saving my skin.
starting an anti-aging regimen
i combine a drop of this serum with my nightly moisturizer all over my face
!the serum feels light on the skin.
i read retinol helps for both issues
irritating as other exfoliating products
i really like this serum as it is not greasy
this is an oil retinol
i think the retinol is helping my skin exfoliate
this serum is like a dream come true
i try to use a retinol based serum every night
i put the retinol on with my right h
at times i need a moisturizer with it.
from scrubs to overnight acne spot treatments
decided to use a retinol product
sunscreen during the day are a must
it is not a moisturizing as you would think on its own
after doing a lot of research on retinol
i wanted to get some strong retinol
this serum is runny.
t is vitamin c
you don't really know how much retinol or vitamin c you are actually getting
wear sunscreen every day
the retinol in this product will make your skin look flawless without makeup
if you plan on having microdermabrasion or a chemical peel
from the vitamin c
reducing acne that many of my acne treatments
like clinque spot healing gel
anti wrinkle creams with some success
i even resorted to botox for awhile.
great at rehydrating skin.
since i wear an spf 55+ sunscreen 365 days a year
with retinol it is a marathon
this retinol fusion pm has done more for my skin than any of those
i find that i can now simplify my routine -- use this serum at night
moisturizer in the morning
i also love it as i cant tolerate retinol due to rosacea
other supposed skin wonder creams
i added the sephora liquid moisturizing skin concentrate
sephora intensive instant moisturizer to combat the dryness
josie maran argan oil is a winning combination
only retinol product because it is so effective
every other night to get my skin used to the retinol
put on my shiseido ibuki refining moisturizer
in the am i use time in a bottle since it has vitamin c which is recommended when using retinol
has dried out a lot of the hormonal acne that i had
i get exfoliating around my mouth
most retinol products burn some
wanted to start on a retinoid
found that this retinol pm by ptr is one of the highest doses you can get without a rx
i follow with the moisturizer
alternating with another serum after i cleanse my face utilizing the clarisonic mia 2
i don't have wrinkles
i love this serum
most retinol formulations have a
i started to up the dosage
retinoids were initially developed to treat acne
it stopped my teen/hormonal acne in its tracks
if you are using retinoids
then follow by moisturizer
i tried the ptr retinol pm because i heard that retinol is supposed to be good for that
the retinol hasn't dried me out
i prefer the drying effect of the retinol because my skin is very oily
it's nondrying enough that i can use it as a hydrating lotion during the summer
and my visit to facial extractions has decreased.
my acne marks are lighter
make me peel like the other retinol products
i've used other retinal creams
it's very moisturizing as well.
i will stick with this retinal product.
i love this retinol serum because it is great for layering other products
i wear an spf 55 sunscreen during the day
i did not have any redness/irritation that most retinol products cause
i tried a couple cleansing oils
this is one of 2 oil-based cleansers i use
the oil easily removes waterproof mascara
i only wear waterproof eyeliner
not all makeup removers remove sunscreen
an eye makeup remover
try different cleansing oils
this removes everything from waterproof mascara to full coverage foundation
sunscreen after swimming or outside activity
this cleanser is light
i wear about 3 or 4 layers of water proof mascara
since using the double cleansing method: oil cleanser
i love this cleansing oil
this is an essential part of my makeup/sunscreen removal especially in the evening
i like the shiseido one as a cleanser only
it removes my shiseido ultimate sunscreen
i always follow the oil cleanse with my regular facial wash
shiseido ultimate sun protection cream spf 50
i mainly use this to remove the shiseido sunscreen i use on my face
i don't use a lot of makeup -- just the sunscreen
i wear sunscreen on a daily basis
it really does remove the sunscreen where any other non oil cleanser can't
i love this cleansing oil!
the philosophy cleansing oils
this does the trick of gently removing water-resistant sunscreens
there are cheaper shiseido cleansing oils
with the cleansing oil
this cleanser feels unabrasive to my skin
washed my face with this oil cleanser before my regular cleanser
i love this cleanser!!!
i will definitely be using cleansing oils as long as i wear makeup
sunscreen like nothing else i've used
it removes foundation and sunscreen very easily.
the ultimate cleansing oil was specially formulated to remove strong sunscreens having staying power
it definitely removes heavy sunscreen products.
it leaves my skin silky soft after removal of sunscreen / sunblocks
still smelled like sunscreen?
it will remove waterproof make-up and sunscreen.
i massage into my face, using massage strokes.
to give yourself a facial massage during your cleansing routine
whom also practice do-it-yourself facials
find out recently that regular face wash or cleansing oils do not remove the sunscreen
the sephora staff told me that this cleansing oil was the only one proven to remove even water-resistant/sweatproof sunscreen
you use it just like other cleansing oils
the sunscreen is completely off my face clean
a different moisturizer at night
at night i cleanse
i like to use this together with the collagen booster
t's pores no more anti-aging mattifying lotion goes on beautifully
this is my every day morning lotion for my face.
it exfoliates as well as moisturizes
i keep used tubs
have combination skin with mild rosacea
i supplement with a sunscreen
have found it to be lightweight enough to be used under sunscreen
slightly less effective if i layer sunscreen over it
a different sunscreen might affect this
i wear it under a cc cream
i've tried several mattifying lotions
most mattifying lotions i've tried use a silicone-like substance to reduce shine which left my face feeling greasier than it already is
good post acne line products.
eg differin gel at night
shine at bay by using this product on top of my clarins brightening spf lotion
i've tried murad's mattifier for acne-prone skin
i get more of a matte finish with cosmedicine medimatte lotion
shower gel is a wonderful bath gel
mattifying quality of this item
it's like a primer/moisturizer.
i've tried tons of different moisturizers
so all i can say is that the pores no more anti-aging mattifying lotion is fabulous
i love this moisturizer!
after 2 days of using this amazing product my redness
i prefer mattifying moisturizer
i noticed that when i used a mattifying moisturizer
decided to return this moisturizer
if you use other mattifying products
add a mineral powder--clinique- works for me
i usually don't like matte lotions because they don't hydrate the skin
i follow up with a spf moisturizer
i follow up with another moisturizer
is the bare minimum of hydration
i think it is mattifying
i will say that it is not moisturizing enough for me in the winter
mattifying at the same time
i would recommend to anyone who needs antiaging
plus the lavender in this product is so cooling
plus i love that it has just a trace of retinol.
i don't have to constantly blot my oily face or worry about an allergic reaction to paraben preservatives
i definitely noticed that mattifying effects of this lotion
this lotion is a perfect mix of hydration
this lotion is not drying
i also use repair wear laser focus by clinique on top of the serum
too early to tell about the antiaging effects
oil-free moisturizers that did nothing for my fine lines
to anti-aging moisturizers that left me with an oil slick at the end of the day
mainly retinol because it's clinically proven
t's pores no more anti-aging nattifying lotion for several weeks
this lotion has a mattifying effect when i first apply
it is a great serum for puffy eyes
this is a great facial lotion.
anti-aging mattifying lotion
i still use a primer after applying this moisturizer
better then even mattifying gels!
love the mattifying properties
i love that it has retinol in it
my skin is combination
leaves my face feeling like i've just applied silicone based primer
i love this moisturizer.
i love how it hydrates
it seems like a combo moisturizer
the consistency is like a serum
the moisturizer is light
this is my go-to moisturizer in the fall
will be experimenting with other moisturizers
super hydrating, non greasy.
my reg moisturizers just were not cutting it
i put it on top of my olehenriksen vit c serum
as i'm aging, i'm trying out new moisturizers
i wanted a moisturizing cream as i live in a dry climate
i think its because it's really moisturizing
i like this moisturizer.
i also use it under my eyes for smoother concealer application
i mix this with the turbo booster c powder
moisturizing without being greasy
even the other philosophy moisturizers
i'd much rather have a mild medicinal scent
this moisturizer rocks-- it's expensive
the only moisturizer i put on my face.
i try various moisturizer samples
very moisturizing and soothing on my skin.
i need more from my moisturizer
i only use this moisturizer at night.
when hope is not enough forming serum which i mix with vitamin c booster powder
miracle worker anti-aging concentrate are my everyday regimen
just the right amount of moisturizing
it is light but moisturizes.
botox or anything else
i typically use this moisturizer at night
it's my favorite anti-aging cream because it really moisturizes
this goes on kinda weird but way moisturizing,
i add the vitamin c booster
i love this cleanser for removing full face makeup including mascara
during the day i wear it under my spf tinted moisturizer
love the feel and benefits from this moisturizer.
in the mornings i put in a bit of the philosophy vitamin c booster
anti-aging moisturizer i've ever used
it is a hard working moisturizer
i love the texture of this moisturizer
someone asked me if i get botox injections yesterday
this is a great nighttime moisturizer!!
eye moisturizer in this br
my skin is combo towards dryness and acne prone.
effective makeup removal oil and cleanser.
my face started to clear up besides my hormonal acne
this cleanser is great for removing makeup.
use this cleanser instead
including waterproof eye makeup
this is my go-to makeup remover
even that stubborn waterproof mascara
can also work as a gentle cleanser
it is a good makeup remover.
lots of other cleanser require me to use the makeup remover
i just wear eyeshadow
including the most resistant liquid lipsticks
the purifying cleansing gel when i ran out of my fancl products
i follow with a foam cleanser
def a product to add to your skin care routine.
previously i always used liquid cleansers
some stubborn waterproof mascara
it removes all of my makeup- every trace of mascara even- when followed by the cleanser
eyeshadow that had primer
i like this makeup remover
because its marketed as a makeup remover
i prefer "natural" cleansers
waterproof mascara that this removes with just one pump
i finish with a mild toner
this is my holy grail product for makeup remover
i also use this to remove liquid lipsticks
this cleansing oil removes all traces of makeup on my face including my stubborn eyeliner plus my waterproof mascara
i follow with a gel cleanser!
the oil cleanser removes every bit of makeup
treat myself to a little face massage before rinsing it off
following this cleanser with a clay cleanser has proven to be the perfect combo
i do use a cleanser most nights after removing makeup
it has become my go-to makeup remover cleanser
i love this cleansing oil
it turns into a cleanser
ready for a cream cleanser
this cleanser improved my skin.
i would massage the cleanser onto my face without water
because i always use a separate "waterproof eye makeup remover" whenever i have a waterproof makeup on
i love this cleanser.
i prefer fresh soy cleanse or sum37 miracle rose cleansing stick
i got a trial size of this cleansing oil
for those days i didnt want to wash face especially for my beeswax ingredient mascara
the esthetician i go to recommended it to me as a facial cleanser that gets down into the pores to remove makeup
you still need a foam or gel cleanser to fully remove it
i love this cleansing oil.
then i wash my face with a foaming cleanser
definite holy grail makeup remover/cleanser for me
now my eyeshadow lasts all day.
i used makeup wipes
great for a little facial massage/lymph drainage
i wouldn't recommend using this as your only facial cleanser
then i use the fresh soy cleanser.
i love this makeup remover.
it gets off my mascara
i love this makeup remover.
- with the detoxifying black cleanser i wash my face with a konjac sponge4
this makeup remover is pure magic in a bottle.
removes everything including waterproof mascara.
i tried cleansing oil from other br
i do use another cleanser after
use boscia's cool oil as my moisturizer
then do an exfoliating the next morning
this was part of a skin care kit
i also use it to cleanse my foundation applicator brush
remove with a towelette then wash my face with my chosen cleanser
mix in some farmacy new day exfoliating grains gently cleanse with my h
even the most hardy waterproof mascaras
removes all of the mascara
purifying face wash in the morning
i started using this product almost a year ago to tame my hormonal acne due to pregnancy
the acne is gone
was recommended this cleanser
my new hg cleanser.
i hesitated spending the money on this when the cheaper exfoliating cleansers i was using from nuetrogena worked fine
use a cleanser that foams nicely after my oil cleanser
when i first started getting acne i used the regular murad acne cleanser
acne prone you need this baby
this is the only cleanser that actually helps with my acne
i feel like it is preventative
this cleanser was a game changer for my skin.
the cleanser is specifically with adults who struggle with hormonal acne
i don't know about the time-released salicylic acid
i follow this up with an adapalene gel acne treatment
additional moisturizers would make my skin feel gross or add to the acne
cleansers with out acne meds seemed to make no difference at all
especially pairing it with the boscia facial sponge
i am acne prone.
fighting teenage hormonal breakouts is no easy task
i wanted a cleanser that would help with breakouts
even went to a dermatologist for prescription topical creams
i discovered this cleanser in sephora when i was trying to find a new cleanser for anti-aging
acne after another br
i will always use this cleanser!
i only use the cleaner with a different moisturizer
i also recently added clinique acne solutions clearing gel every night after washing
i've tried all sorts of drugstore cleansers
this is the first acne cleanser that i can use on a daily basis that is non drying
it's doing wonders for my adult/hormonal acne
i love the consistency of the cleanser
i do get hormonal acne
also helped a ton with redness and hydration.
this face wash cleared my hormonal acne in a week
so many reviews mentioned it helping hormonal acne
especially when paired with a treatment or serum
i frequently get facials
the only thing that helps with my hormonal acne!!
the only downside with this cleanser imo is the retinol in it
since it is a cleanser
you rinse your face after using it then what is the use of retinol?
i've tried so many acne treatments
have been going thru the whole hormonal acne stage
along with their acne cream
pimples i get now in comparison to when i've used other acne cleansers
even helped control hormonal outbreaks
i love that it treats my acne without the harsh effects of other cleansers
helps my acne prone and combination skin
with it comes wonderful hormonal acne
from coconut oil cleansing to proactiv to chanel.
this cleanser is perfect for my dry skin hormonal chin breakouts
i started using this after starting to get hormonal breakouts
i follow up with murad's skin perfecting lotion.
most acne cleansers are too drying.
this cleanser helps keep my acne
i also love that it is a time release acne wash
i feel like the combination of the exfoliation from the pad
hormonal acne on my chin
i gave this cleanser a try
after using various skin care regimens i decided to use murads clarifying cleanser
i'd still use the cleanser every day
has a sort of gel-cream like consistency
i've tried a bunch of different cleansers
i started using this cleanser
i tried the clarrifying cleanser
acne serum cleared my skin completely in a matter of days
started using this murad cleanser morning
an oral pill called solodyne
i am in the adult-acne-also-suffering-from-wrinkles club
disclaimer: i also use the murad anti-aging acne moisturizer
i am having hormonal acne again
i tried using the other murad acne cleanser
also contained acne medicine
only cleanser that has
i don't know how much this helping my acne i think the anti aging acne serum is doing most of the work
same with clarifying cleanser
the clarifying cleanser for when i want a foamy cleanser to change it up once in a while
followed by an algenist moisturizer
i started using the growth factor serum 6 weeks ago
after i wash the serum off in the morning
wanted a solution before i start to consider botox/dysport etc
i do like firmx growth factor extreme neuropeptide serum
i added neuropeptide products
this serum has noticibly improved the texture of my skin
perhaps a stronger spf lotion is called for with this product
i only use the serum at night as i have found it best to leave the firmx creme on
after using ptr retinol fusion
effective serum do its stuff
after trying this serum all over my face
after my experiments i'm sticking with ptr firmx serum
this alone makes this serum a "miracle" in a bottle in my eyes
after using the serum for over 2 months my skin is very clear
this serum definitely does something
decided to try samples of this serum to see if it could help firm
i get regular botox injextions around my eyes
it is a serum/moisturizer
this serum has made a big difference
this serum is light and non offensivie smelling.
not everyone can afford a serum this expensive
this product along with unwrinkle serum
a good spf moisturizer has almost made my wrinkles disappear
i am acne prone
such a soothing light moisturizer with just the perfect amount of hydration for the combo
to use a moisturizer on his face
he liked the ultra repair moisturizer
this moisturizer is lightweight
this is a great basic light weight daily moisturizer
facial radiance pads daily
it needs to be moisturizer after washing
5 times expensive than this fab moisturizer
i love this simple moisturizer.
my dermatologist recommended i stick with fab during my treatments for it
i tried this moisturizer after seeing it mentioned in a makeup tutorial by a celebrity makeup artist
this is very moisturizing
this is my favourite daily moisturizer.
i do switch briefly to the ultra repair moisturizer for more hydration
this is my everyday moisturizer.
this moisturizer hasn't failed me
it is a great daily moisturizer.
this wasn't super moisturizing for me
just love "skin recuse daily face cream"
it also helps to lighten hyperpigmentation
this moisturizer is perfect
i've incorporated the fab moisturizer product into my routine
not too heavy, but still moisturizing and gentle.
this moisturizer is good for sensetive skin
vitamins from my skin
since using a topical retinoid i can get dry
this lotion minimizes the look of my pores
this is the perfect every day face cream/ lotion
perfect day time moisturizer
a lot of moisturizers break me out
have acne prone skin
stick to a spritz of spring water followed by this skin rescue daily face cream everyday
i like how it is moisturizing
i love this moisturizer and will swear by it.
i love this moisturizer
i expected it to be much more moisturizing
it's a very light weight moisturizer
he prefers first aid beauty daily face cream over art of shaving products
i love love this face moisturizer.
this lotion is amazing!
it's incredibly moisturizing too
this is the perfect moisturizer!
this product is great as a daily moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer balances out her skin without irritating it
this is a good basic moisturizer
goes well under my sunscreen.
the down side is that it does not contain sunscreen
every moisturizer seems to break me out.
this is the ultimate daily facial moisturizer that does not break me out
i need a good moisturizer that will hydrate my skin
this daily cream keeps my skin matte
it's the perfect daily moisturizer.
great for moisturizing my sensitive skin.
this is the only moisturizer that i've found that hydrates without breaking me out
this is an amazing daily facial cream that is great for all skin types
better than any clinique facial creams i've used.
if you're familiar with other lotions that has ceramides
i definitely recommend this product as a lotion for day
probably not my holy grail moisturizer
i used kate somerville moisturizer prior
it is a basic moisturizer.
the ingredients like ceramide
squalane really help to moisturize my skin
basic moisturizer which i like
it's been very moisturizing
the purpose of this eye serum is to not only deliver brightened eyes
while massaging the serum over the orbital bone
i seriously cannot recommend the aae serum enough
the caffeine in the serum perks up my eyes
it's like a cool gel serum that tightens
the rollerball helps massage away my puffiness.
the serum keeps my skin smooth.
however, not the most moisturizing.
sephora has others that are more natural/moisturizing if that is what you are into
i've tried everything from serums to concealers!
this clinique all about eyes serum de-puffing massage works like a charm
when i want to look refreshed for a special occasion this serum does the trick
i get no reaction from this very light weight serum
temple when i have migraine
i love their no fragrance formula
wash your face with purity
use the eyes serum massage around your eyes
i apply at bedtime
s of de-puffing gels i've tried
i am so happy with this eye serum from clinique!
i've tried several eye creams
the gel cream is lightweight and non-greasy.
not expensive for a cooling massager + anti-aging placebo eh?
this is a great serum for keeping your eye area protected
night creams should be helping to "de-puff"
day serums should moisturize
not affect eyeshadow application
it is a clear serum.
i'd suggest using a cream or gel on top of this serum because it isn't really for that purpose
love this new eye serum with the rolling ball!
so, i use this serum a lot.
then i apply this serum, and the lines are gone.
the clinique all about eyes de-puffer massage serum is the best product i've ever used for this problem
i like this serum alot because it is easy to apply
thanks to the caffeine it contains
i instantly see results after i apply this serum to under my eyes
this serum really works
the serum definitely helped to improve undereye puffiness
i would prefer something more moisturizing such as elysee youthspan micro-firm eye creme
the active ingredient is caffeine which de-puffs the eye area
it should dry before applying moisturizer/makeup
rollerball makes it easy to apply this serum around eye area
i am now on my second serum
this serum works really well to reduce the puffiness
always had to use makeup concealer to try to hide my bags
don't waste your money on any other serum
hydrating effects of all serums
i follow it with a hyaluronic acid moisturizer
more like a light cream than the usual serum.
it is very moisturizing to the point i don't put on my nose since i have combo skin
will use it sparely or alone under sunscreen
i've tried a half-dozen serums
i started using shiseido sunscreen (blue).'
roc retinol correxion deep wrinkle
have always returned to shiseido's bio-performance serum
this serum works miracles on my combination skin.
it's not a "liquid" type of serum
this is more than a moisturizer.
it is now part of my "holy grail" regimen great for dryness irritation
i am new to serums
it's not a typical "serum"
the serum is very lightweight
its best to use after a toner so skin can absorb the serum
night after i cleanse
i love this moisturizer.
this serum is creamy
bio-performance super corrective serum
faster than any serum or cream i have ever tried
this serum isn't really a serum
it is more like a moisturizer
in the morning i follow up with shiseido spf 42 sunscreen
when i use it at night i put a light serum underneath it
a heavy moisturizer on top
my new go to serum
this serum has flat out done work on my skin.
it also helps heal redness to the skin
thought this serum may be more in line with my age bracket
bio perf super serum seems to balance the harshest extremes of my skin
shiseido claims that results are visible "in just one day" with their bio-performance super corrective serum
my sample of shiseido's bio-performance super corrective serum left my skin look fresh
this serum absorbs quickly
right before my moisturizer
i much prefer moisturizers that come in a jar.
most lotions/sunscreens/serums/makeup make my face itch
this is the most luxurious serum that i've ever tried
this serum has really perked up my skin
i just purchased my second bottle of this serum
i usually use caudalie vinoperfect serum
i am in love with this serum.
super light but very moisturizing.
my skin is combination
this moisturizer is amazing
perfect moisturizer for the winter time!
this cream moisturizes well
moisturizer without being heavy
it is highly moisturizing
most moisturizers will make my skin flare up
this actually calms my skin while moisturizing
on the nights i alternate with my acne cream
in the am over cleansed face followed by sunscreen
i love the smell of this moisturizer, as well.
moist as this dior moisturizer
hydrate in the morning
i can't wait to get the serum next!
use it as my day cream
i love this moisturizer!
i even tried other dior moisturizers
i love this moisturizer!
i just started using this creme mainly for hydration
i like the way it hydrates my skin
hydrate skin = less oil.
the comfort creme formula is thicker
moisturizes throughout the day
the smell of this lotion kind borthers me.
so my skin reacts to most creams
i've tried this product when it was the hydra action moisturizing creme
i've also tried the murad's essential c day moisturizer spf 30
it's great that there is vitamin c in it
the thickness of the moisturizer made my face break out
finally a moisturizer that lasts all day.
now after couple of weeks of using it with the serum skin smooth even toned
this is my 2nd tub of moisturizer from dior.
i love the way they reformulated this cream
this eye cream is very moisturizing
hydrating eye cream for oily skin
clinique night creams that are anti aging
this is a nice moisturizing eye cream.
i tried several eye creams
light weight and hydrating cream.
light non greasy texture and very moisturizing!
you get the wonderful moisturizing properties of a cream yet the cooling
that are hydration issues
moisturizing or light for reducing puffiness
this cream is light
moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy.
this creme got rid of the calcium build up
it is very moisturizing
i searched for years for a good eye treatment to use in the mornings before applying my concealer
it does not ever pill up when i apply my concealer
i've tried many different eye creams
moisturizing formulas that don't have offensive odors
my go to eye creme.
this is the only eye creme i found to help
the creme is lightweight
it is very moisturizing without being heavy or gooey
it moisturizes under the eye
undereye puffiness caused by eye creams
this cream was only moderately moisturizing
i've tried the dior hydralife eye cream when it was offered with the spf 15
the new version of the cream is sans sunscreen
because it contained sunscreen
this one is almost a creme/gel.
does wonders for wrinkles
doesnt "pill" up when i apply my concealer
as do his other moisturizers
m so tired of this search for an eye cream that works w my concealer
the consistency is like a gel
moisturizing and a little goes a long way.
it moisturizes like nobody's business
super fresh, lightweight and moisturizing.
deeply hydrating and skin softening cream.
i've tried several eye creams/gels: boscia
this is the cream for you
it hydrates for 24 hours
this was the only product that really helped moisturise
i started using a pea-sized amount every night before moisturizing
i never buy expensive serums
this serum has really made a difference
i actually stopped wearing foundation or tinted moisturizer because my skin looks better on its own with just a little bronzer
once daily after cleansing with dior product
before the dior hydra life serum
it's not moisturizing or anything extra
s down the best serum out there
however i haven't been using serum for so long because everytime i use a serum
before my korres wild rose serum
i find that i exfoliate less when using this
i will pay the price for this serum any day!!
i don't like to use products with acne medication in it bc they irritate
this serum has help rid my skin of breakouts
this serum has really transformed my skin.
this serum is amazing.
this serum is very lightweight
so you still need to use your regular serum with this
this serum is worth it
it does have alcohol so you have to use a moisturizer
the detox mask helps, as well.
i apply after my toner and before my moisturizer.
this serum works so well at detoxing my skin
to me it still isn't as good as este lauder night repair serum
i just started using this serum wtih the dior night cream a couple of weeks ago
this serum makes my skin glow!
i've tried a whole array of serums
moisturizing without drying out
i also put my serum on top then my moisturizer
over the years i have finished two bottles of this serum
occasionally i have used this serum sometimes without a moisturizer afterwards
sometimes i use my dior multi-perfection serum after
within 2 months of using the serum
i do use a spf moisturizer on top of this
it's very expensive serum
(i put it on after my toner and before my serum.)
i started using it everyday before applying my moisturizer
i used this product with murad's skin perfecting lotion
skin feels hudrated like i could skip my moisturizer
do thk very good serum
this serum is amazing!
i love this serum.
this is oxygen for your skin.
this is the best moisturizing/perfecting/nourishing skin treatment i have yet used
trying serums that would brighten my face
non worked till i used this serum
this is the serum to get
this serum is unlike any other i have ever used.
this serum does not irritate my skin at all.
this serum does a good job
it not only helps to hydrates my skin
have the dreaded hormonal acne
still a good serum and i will continue to use it.
(i use clinique cleanser and toner)
most serums i buy end up making my face itch
as well as my morning moisturizer
effective under my other creams
it also says to apply at bedtime
then use algenist firming creme
i usually have combination skin acne prone skin.
i wanted a good serum to go under my moisturizer to help with the dryness
i just recently started using bare minerals moisturizer
but this serum i have re-purchased for 3 years.
i love what this serum is doing for me
along w/the acyl glutathione eye
no need for concealer nor botox!!
concealer under my eyes
i know this is pricy as a cleanser
my skin got drier i desperately needed a more moisturizing face wash
tight feeling of most foaming cleansers i've tried
i prefer the smooth texture of this to the benefiance cleanser
supposedly moisturizing product i have tried
this eye treatment is the only product of the "cold plasma" line i like
the consistency of the moisturizer is light to the touch
i love the perricone hypoallergenic moisturizer
decided to pick up the plasma essentials kit
partnered this with the amazing cold plasma face treatment serum
i am 46 with combination skin
my sample is pretty much unscented
helps eyeshadow to last longer
this product is hydrating
i just tried a cold plasma face
like my cold plasma for the face
i paired it with my eye lift gel
night along with an eye lift serum
combine with the acyl glutathione for the eyes
there are about a dozen excellent eye creams/gels out there
i've tried many eye creams
with cold plasma eye!
s super hydrating which is my other concern
of all the perricone md eye creams i have tried
i am loyal to cold plasma eye.
to other expensive eye creams
i've tried countless eye creams.
i must be getting rosacea
this eyecream-serum has worked wonders on my dark circles
i simply use in conjunction with josie maran argan oil for moisturization
this serum is a wonderful treatment to use under the perricone neuropeptide eye cream
the cold plasma eye’s ingredients boost the effectiveness of the ptr eye cream or any other eye cream used
powders all together because of perricone's products
i only use the cream for my face at bedtime
cold plasma eye is amazing!
i love the feel of cold plasma on my eye
the face finishing moisturizer
this is not a moisturizer
this is my daily go to daytime moisturizer.
it is a chemical sunscreen so of you're sensitive this product is not for you
i love this moisturizer!
this is the only moisturizer that saved my skin!
it is the only multi-purpose product containing sunscreen that i've found to be genuinely moisturizing
the fab 5-in-1 is so moisturizing that one can use a foundation product utterly lacking in moisturizer
i like this moisturizer
i tried different moisturizers
and it is super moisturizing.
this is a good moisturizer that provides sun protection without the white film on my face that some moisturizers with spf have previously left
this one works well as a day moisturizer
product is ultra moisturizing
i mainly purchased this for the spf because i'm really bad at applying sunscreen otherwise
light this lotion feels when you apply it
brighter since i started combining use of this lotion with my nightly regimen
i like this moisturizer a lot.
this one is my new go-to facial moisturizer
moisturizer for the first time
it works great as a sunblock
this is now my "go to" daily moisturizer.
like most moisturizers with spf
so there is no second step to apply sunscreen
i started using this creme
she asked about my face moisturizer
i've use this moisturizer for years now.
if i wear just the lotion i receive multiple compliments on my complexion
i tried the first aid beauty ultra repair cream
i love that it is unscented as well!
this is a good moisturizer/spf for women with dark skin
"multi-purpose moisturizer with spf30".
this does a good job moisturizing
protecting the skin from sunburn
i also really like the broad spectrum sunscreen.
i love this moisturizer!
have searched for the perfect daily moisturizer with spf
this is a great product to use when you need a lightweight daily moisturizer
i feel better that it has sunscreen
it moisturizes my skin
i hate matte or oil free moisturizers
i apply it every morning after cleanser
i love that it has spf 30 and a few antioxidants.
i found this product to be really moisturizing
i can't speak to the antiaging properties of this moisturizer
i always wear a moisturizer with a high spf
ps: my skin is acne prone
i love this moisturizer.
best part is that is has high spf without the sunscreen smell or feel
most sunscreens irritate my face
works well as a sunscreen also!
but this is my ultimate daily moisturizer.
probably because i use the fab power serum under it
i love this moisturizer.
most moisturizers with sunscreen make me break out
for day-to-day exposure the sunscreen in this has been enough
i love this moisturizer for the 30 spf.
i normally use ole henriksen herbal day cream with spf
this moisturizer works better than any drugstore or high-end cream or lotion
it has the perfect spf with no avobenzone which always makes me break out
if you breakout from a lot of lotions w/spf
the 5 in 1 face cream comes with an spf of 30
since i can skip the step of applying a seperate sunscreen
it is very moisturizing, light and absorbs fast.
a lot of spf products irritate my skin
then layered with an oil at night for an extra dose of hydration
put moisturizer on top.
this is one of the only moisturizers i can use
light weight moisturizer for my oily skin
i really like this moisturizer after i wash my face in the mornings
night with mattifying moisturizer on top
wanted something that hydrates my skin
i've tried several different moisturizers
love this moisturizer as much as the oil-free daily hydration
in the past i used murad oil control mattifier lotion
this moisturizer is perfect.
this moisturizer is very light.
lotions with same results
this lotion much more lightweight
liked the murad acne product line
i like this moisturizer i have combination skin
still moisturizing lotion for the day time
where some girls are coming from when they say it isn't moisturizing enough
i went to my sephora store looking to replenish my clinique acne solutions moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
this is my go-to moisturizer
this moisturizer is no exception
when i asked for a oil-free moisturizer
i would use a drug store face wash
then a moisturizer every morning
she suggested ren for acne prone
the sales rep recommended murad to me for my acne prone skin
this cleanser is a really good morning cleanser.
i add some teatree oil into it to make it extra antibacterial
it's a treatment cleanser so
use a makeup remover first
i've tried other clay cleansers
bottom line: remove your makeup before using this cleanser
my go-to cleanser every time.
gentle cleanser for when i have no makeup on
this is the cleanser for you
second only to tata harper's regenerating cleanser
cystic acne from hormonal changes due to my new birth control pills
i am on day 4 of this clay cleanser
more natural ingredient based cleanser
found that this cleanser works wonders for excess oil
although this cleanser is marketed for acne prevention
that has really cured my acne
i've tried so many cleansers
i love this cleanser.
this is a great cleanser for skin that is acne prone
this cleanser isn't stripping or drying.
might repurchase the ren cleanser
yet get a lot of hormonal acne
this cleanser has cleared
gentle cleanser that helps to combat any blemishes you have
i love this cleanser
amount of breakouts on my face since using this cleanser
it is actually also moisturizing
md forte glycolic wash
this is the best cleanser for acne prone skin
doesn't dry it out like other acne cleansers
if herbal isn't for you
it helps with the redness associated with the acne
i like ren's bio-retinoid anti-aging concentrate
alpha-h liquid gold
this cleanser completely transformed my acne prone skin
not fully cleansing my pores gently enough to where i break out monthly with hormonal cystic acne
i follow it immediately with a soothing toner
this cleanser has it all
in the morning with the ren milk cleanser
out amongst other medicated cleansers i've tried
the first one i've tried that doesn't dry out my skin whilst treating my acne like most cleansers
reduced the redness of acne
i tried a lot of moisturizers before this one
this one is moisturizing
the purpose of this cleanser is not to take makeup off- i use clinique ttdo cleansing balm first to take makeup off
then use the ren clay cleanser
or use this ren clay cleanser in the morning
unlike the ren cleansing balm
i love that it is antibacterial
i will definitely get the clearcalm replenishing gel cream
the clinique acne soultions clinical clearing gel
the acne solutions foundation
i've recently decided to make the switch to non-foaming cleansers on my combination/oily skin
clay is known to be antibacterial
after reading about how foaming cleansers make acne worse
i began to look for a non foaming cleanser
i used this cleanser when i had a lot of blackheads
doesn't contain rough exfoliating beads
this is a perfect cleanser for my acne-prone skin during the winter months
i tend to use it as my second cleanser
i went to a sephora store to buy a concealer that would cover my breakouts on my cheeks
after findind the perfect concealer
it is a cleanser... to cleanse your skin.
this is my favorite night-time cleanser for my acne prone/hormonal acne skin
a good, non-sulfate cleanser.
though it can struggle with my hormonal acne breakouts
with the antibacterial ingredient triclosan
creams which made my skin worse
this cleanser is formulated to reduce oiliness
i've never used a clay cleanser
i tried three different cleansers
pregnancy hormones have caused a ton of cystic acne
supreme cleansing oil as a makeup remover
ren is an amazing clean bioactive br
this is the perfect mild cleanser that also helps combat acne while never stripping the skin of its moisture
this cleanser has also helped clear up my blackheads
ren's clearcalm 3 clarifying clay cleanser has been my saving grace
anyone suffering from acne should try this cleanser
after trying dozens of cleansers to combat my acne
it's the only cleanser that has cleared my acne
i am planning on trying out the overnight serum with it
ren is such a calming cleanser to use.
my skin instantly felt purified
night serum in to my regimen which have improved my results
i wanted a similar cream moisturizer with acne treatment that wouldn't make my skin feel heavy
this cleanser does not strip your skin of moisture
i do like to wear this under my daily moisturizer that contains salicylic acid
i prefer this as a daytime moisturizer
i typically use the kiehl's moisturizer along with the clinique spot treatment
great day time moisturizer for my oily skin
i decided to purchase the cleanser
the gel day cream
the cast member suggested i use it with beauty shot to balance the hydration in my skin
bought the clay cleanser
i get why it's in the moisturizer as a sebum control agent
i find moisturizers really affect my skin
my long search for the perfect facial moisturizer is over
you can tell it's moisturizing your skin as soon as you apply it
i also just purchased the vitamins c brightening serum from this same br
this gel cream is great for my oily skin
i think i will stick to this gel cream.
works well under a tinted moisturizer as well which is a bonus
this has also helped reduce hormonal redness around my nose
warranted 5 stars is my pimple inflammation
highly recommended for ladies with dry skin or who are on an acne regimen
the ingredients really do reduce the redness of my skin
i didn't get this to cure my acne just to moisturize
this moisturizer would be more suitable for those with oily skin if paired with a toner
my dermatologist prescribed me a topical acne treatment that really dries my skin out
the powerful moisturizing properties i just mentioned 2
richer night crm for wrinkles/wrinkle prevention
after trying 4 other creams
then a thermal water toner then this
the lotion itself feels light
this is perfect over whatever acne creams you use
redness reduction to this moisturizer
this product calms my acne-prone skin
this is my go-to daily moisturizer
then comes this ren moisturizer!
the least oily of the moisturizers i tried from ren
in the morning with the ren milk cleanser
my clarisonic moisturizing wash/with my clarisonic
i researched a few other acne skin care lines
decided on ren because of the natural ingredients
please note: this product used to be called replenishing night serum
it is not a moisturizer, it is a treatment serum.
i pair it with clinique's 'take the day off' cleansing oil
very irritated by benzoyl peroxide
this serum almost immediately reduced the number of blemishes
i chose this serum
this serum was moisturizing to h
i started using it as my daytime moisturizer under my foundation since it's lightweight
repackaged as the replenishing gel-cream
in conjunction with the ren clearcalm3 clay cleanser
the clay cleanser is so rich
the serum really replenishes the skin
hydroxy/lactic acid masks/scrubs/wipes
this serum made my skin softer
am prone to mild acne
put this on as a moisturizer
had planned to add another ren moisturizer to my routine
this product in combination with the cleanser has done wonders for my skin
mild rosacea/acne on the rest of my face for years
i love this serum!
use several prescription acne creams which tend to dry my face out
i'd look to a serum for that
kate somerville benzoyl peroxide lotion
i always break out every time my menstrual cycle comes into town
which is something most acne-targeted medications do
i also use the purity cleansing balm
i recommend applying toner right after
i would recommend for some facial refining.
i don't think this is a blackhead remover
superfoods set was quite small
this mask came in the skin superfood set
i go to put moisturizer
this is a detoxifying peel off mask.
the mask uses vitamin c to brighten the skin.
oils from your face
this mask is cleansing
i make a slurry of baking soda
it exfoliates and cleanses pores, loved it!
i don't use soaps/cleansers on my face
i highly advise all to wash skin with a baking soda water paste prior to using this mask
except for the occasional hormonal breakout
he wears this over the truth serum
it wasn't nearly moisturizing enough
i'll never use another moisturizer.
first time i try this moisturizer
along with the ole henriksen vitamin c serum
i only use it as a day creme
sometimes moisturizers containing sunscreen are hard to spread
sometimes i mix this with a serum for extra hydration
i love that it has vitamin c
one part of the sheer transformation over the vitamin c serum in the mornings
use with the truth serum, a .
i really like this product as a daily moisturizer
it's not overly moisturizing
with the vitamin c my skin seems to be glowing
the reason it is thick is because it contains the serum within it- which is dewy
after a frustrating search for the right daytime moisturizer with spf
yet some moisturizers with spf simply cause breakouts
moisturizing but not greasy.
it smells amazing--sort of like vitamin c chews--
the vitamin c helps to even skin tone
i faithfully apply this every morning after ole's vitamin c serum
it's moisturizing absorbs fast
this spf cream is light weight
this is my daytime cream
my face craves this moisturizer.
this moisturizer goes on light
i've tried many different moisturizers
i decided to try the truth reveled cream this time since sephora has stopped carrying herbal day cream
the sunscreen also works well
this is a light weight yet moisturizing face cream that absorbs quickly into the skin
sunscreen is nice touch
great scent, effective moisturizing.
smells great...not like sunscreen.
it's moisturizing enough for toronto weather too
this product is a staple in my beauty bag.
i used up this creamsicle super creme moisturizer first
i also really love the foaming cleanser
i would definitely recommend truth revealed vitamin c super creme spf 15
truth serum collagen booster
i recommend a makeup primer
after using truth revealed vitamin c super creme my skin's appearance drastically improved
this creme is light and hydrates the skin.
this creme works well
doesn't smell like sunscreen
as a lot of spf-containing moisturizers do
got an example of this ole henrisen moisturizing creme
i also purchased the serum
great anti aging cream.
it has spf in it
this is my second vial of this moisturizer.
while i use this moisturizer in the winter with a variation of other products
plus it has spf!
i love this as my everyday moisturizer.
this time is my third time ordering this moisturizer because it is very moisturizing
this is the best sunscreen
i will use a more specific sunscreen if i am on vacation
i love this moisturizer.
the truth serum keep me hydrated all day long
this moisturizer does just that
this moisturizer does not break out my acne prone skin
works best with the ole henriksen serum.
it is very moisturizing and smoothing.
very moisturizing and great sun block.
couple this with acne
this moisturizer works like a dream.
this works way better for me than the advanced hydration moisturizer
i am using it with the truth serum
that is the only downfall to this moisturizer
this serum really works -
a good moisturizer every morning
i happen to need a new serum so i got this one.
with the new acne
this serum kind works on all those.
serums aren't normally part of my routine
the serum has a milky texture
this serum is amazing.
by the 3rd day it felt very moisturizing
i still use a clinique moisturizer +spf in the morning
i loved how moisturizing
it makes my face feel moisturizing
this serum is amazing!
even when wearing foundation over the serum
i always use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel over this serum
this cream is one of my staples
not greasy like some other serums i've tried.
it has a mattifying effect on my skin
this serum is amazing!
the turnaround serum used them for a week
hydrates my skin after i wash it.
use under regular moisturizer.
a must for your skin care regimen!
the discoloration serum is even better clinical dark spot corrector
this serum is excellent instead of a moisturizer under primer followed my foundation
i can spend $50 on a bronzer
tarte maracuja c brightening eye cream
i've only been using this serum for a few weeke
after trying out clinique's serum
only in the morning after my moisturizer
i've tried several serums in all price ranges
this serum definitely makes my skin look more even
you'll need an additional moisturizer
this was the first serum i've ever tried
the best serum i've tried
i just bought that serum
finally i have found my favorite serum
i love this serum.
a good exfoliating scrub three times a week
there is another serum i prefer for my oily skin
i used the skinmedica sns serum to the tune of $250/ounce at the recommendation of my dermatologist
i am not using this as an anti-aging serum
the acne started to heal
this serum is great.
the serum has a smooth feeling
i've tried several pricey serums (sera?)
followed by a clinique moisturizer
new 'brightness' in my aging facial skin
i would say 'try it' before a more pricey serum
that it has spf
i wear it during the day under my murad cream bc the murad cream has spf
the laser focus eye cream
potions in the refrigerator
the dior eye creme
i used the repairwear laser focuse wrinkle corrector
i wear contact lenses
+ the intense moisturizer
wear complete 100+ sunscreen daytime
this cream is so hydrating
it's nourishing for aging skin
along with the elixir
i've tried a million eye creams from drug store junk to lamer
return to the creme ancienne
this isn't a miracle cream
bobbi brown for moisturizing eye creams
this is the perfect moisturizer for me-- i need extra moisture for the winter
other eye creams did not give my eyes the hydration
i've used a variety of "moisturizing" lotions
it is very moisturizing to my ultra dry lids
i am sure the retinol based eye creams will decrease fine lines
love the cream ancienne moisturizer as well.
i've tried many eye creams
while i like to use anti-aging creams
is so moisturizing that make up looks great over it
my fave cleanser is drying
yet moisturizers my skin
sat well under my sunscreen
it's honestly the best moisturizing cream i've ever tried
so normally i don't need something this moisturizing
after i've used an acne treatment or a peel
this moisturizer provides good protection
texture issues due to eczema
i would search for thick creams thinking the thicker the cream the more moisturizing
yet it does it's job by moisturizing
this moisturizer hydrates my skin without causing any sensitivities
this moisturizer is amazing !
has actually helped with my monthly hormonal breakouts together with the glam glow daily cleanser
i also use korres moisturizing sorbet
this does a great job moisturizing my entire face
this is the only moisturizer i use to counter act the dryness
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is amazing!
this is super moisturizing
i started using this in conjunction with the bare minerals serum
will be using my other creams on my h
it hydrates all day
i love this moisturizer.
clinique's dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this was a miracle worker it was so hydrating
it's my holy grail moisturizer
does wonders for hydrating
this moisturizer is everything in life and more!
i am in love with this moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
this lotions does wonders for me
many products would hydrate my skin
i do like the thicker moisturizer for overnight care
they suggested this moisturizer
it moisturizers my skin
it is really moisturizing
tried a sample of the spf daily moisturizer
this product is definitely moisturizing
this moisturizer is great for daily night use
this moisturizer is a little thicker
like some moisturizers do
i've searched for a long time for a moisturizer that sufficiently hydrates my skin
did the job of moisturizing my skin properly in the super dry colorado climate
solution now found with this murad moisturizer.
then i apply the murad moisturizer
this is the only moisturizer i have felt
a new must for my moisturizing routine.
i love this moisturizer
this moisturizer is perfect for my dry combination skin
i love the texture of this moisturizer
i needed a more heavy duty moisturizer to offset the drying effects of my acne exfoliating gel
i used with a retinol for trouble acne spots
especially like the fact that it is unscented.
i love this moisturizer
are constantly searching for the ideal moisturizer
i've only had to moisturize once in the morning
lighter moisturizer for the summer
this moisturizer is a miracle worker.
it hydrates your skin
hands down my favorite facial moisturizer.
have an extra tub h
this moisturizing cream is incredible.
the associate at sephora recommended this moisturizer
i like to use it before bedtime
it truly provides great moisturizing without being greasy
wouldn't recommend for an allover face lotion
i am a moisturizer addict
calming cleanser that removes all of my makeup without drying my skin
this cleanser is a must have for those who have redness
super gentle and moisturizing during winter time.
this cleanser is the only one i've found that doesnt irritate my skin
i will say it isnt the best at removing waterproof mascaras
rinsing i use a toner
i love this cleansing milk.
i love this cleansing milk.
i personally use this after i use my toner.
this cleansing milk doesn't require rinsing.
i do 2-step cleansing
followed by the dior cleansing milk
using a gentle cleanser like this one
then the second to moisturize
a lot of cleansers irritate my skin
i decided to try a milk cleanser after researching what could help my skin
the consistency is that of a lotion
wanted to try this for removing waterproof mascara
i wish they made a toner or lotion like this!!!!
i love this cleanser.
finish with the peony toning lotion
this does remover my regular makeup
i guess it's will be ok for people who use only powder or bronzer
love this makeup remover
the enriched mineral water blend has many benefits to the skin
this moisturizer works so well for my skin
this moisturizer balances everything out
this moisturizer goes on like silk.
this cream is medium weight
at night i use wrinkle fighting retinal product first
as it's a moisturizing combined with a primer
especially with my hormonal acne
i love that it has retinyl palmitate in it
which i think i'll check out a serum to layer underneath
i got this moisturizer for winter use
at least with this moisturizer
thickest moisturizer i've ever used
moisturizing without the oily feeling!
this moisturizer is amazing!!!!!!!
i love this moisturizer!
so glad i finally found this moisturizing cream love it
i've never been one for moisturizing
i find that this moisturizer gets rid of the patches
this bobbi brown cream is close in hydration.
moisturizing on my skin
it is very moisturizing
have tried all different moisturizers from all natural products to expensive department store br
bobbi brown hydrating cream the best
i've experimented with a lot of different moisturizers
its an expensive moisturizer
this cream is moisturizing without being heavy.
bb hydrating eye cream for day
it is a lightweight moisturizer that does the trick
i love this hydrating cream.
it took me quite a while to get over the herb fragrance
none of their moisturizers kept my skin moisturized for longer than a couple hours
this moisturizer was recommended by a bobbi brown sales person at another store
it is an intense moisturizer
this light weight moisturizer is the best i have experienced
i am giving this cream a four star rating because i think it is a very good cream with moisturizing ingredients which i would recommend to someone with drier skin than mine
then follow with sunscreen
basic eye cream that hydrated
that's when this product was suggested to me as a base for the concealer
blends into face moisturizers
l it is a great base for concealer
hydrates the eye area
many moisturizing eye creams contain other anti-aging or brightening ingredients that can irritate a very dry eye lid
creams that should have helped
it is a hydrating cream as other people have said
typically i don't use eye creams
lovely moisturizing products for very dry skin!
only sunscreen moisturizer for the past five years
i wanted a good moisturizing base for make up
help ease the application of concealers
so whatever concealer i used
after i moisturize my face
now whether i apply concealer with my beauty blender
i've used countless eye creams
heavy duty moisturizing while under makeup
i apply it before i use corrector/concealer under the eyes
is the best primer i've found for concealer
this is one of the very few eye creams that hydrates my under eyes
the aloe in this product is so soothing with no irritation whatsoever
also prevents creasing after applying your concealer
this is probably my favorite product it is so moisturizing
hydrating/anti-aging/deep cleaning
it has improved my concealer application
very hydrating but doesn't crease concealer.
smooth base for concealer
i prefer it to applying concealer directly
this eye crème is light
doesn't pill or flake when concealer is applied
exactly what i needed a hydrating eye cream.
it holds concealer in place all day
i will be buying the extra hydrating one for winter
moisturizing even hours after you've first put it on
this eye cream allows for easy application of my concealer
it doesn't target puffiness/wrinkles
this is extremely moisturizing.
my concealer looks seamless
my concealer started looking cakey on my skin
i wish it had some sunscreen or some anti aging components in it
this is my holy grail eye cream.
this is a lotion and primer in one!
smooth for hours when i'm wearing this moisturizer
this eye cream is very moisturizing
i find it helps my concealer glide on in the morning
pampering in the evening before bed
this product does what it said: hydrating
require little to no concealer
it works perfect under concealer since it is very hydrating
hydrating is the only thing this eye cream does
it doesn't feel greasy or plastic-y like some facial lotions with spf
i'd been using kiehl's moisturizer day
hydrates the under eye
i find those more hydrating
i can wear concealer again
my concealer goes on flawless
this eye cream soothes
i need only a little bit a product to feel the moisturizing effects
just started using eye creams
i feel like moisturizing is what i want at this point since i have no wrinkles
moisturizing as the name says
this facial cleanser is amazing!
best lathering face soap out there
removes make up and facial oils.
the bb lathering tube is an all in one cleanser that removes all my make up
now it is sealed with the use of the lathering tube soap
i've always loved foaming cleansers
just use a cleansing water
i love this cleanser
doesn't irritate my sensitive allergy eyes
i love the way this cleanser lathers up
however the way this cleanser lathers
this is my new staple and holy grail serum!
this serum is amazing
the moisturizers i received were okay
this serum did it in for me
since i've been using this serum
since using this serum i have been breaking out less
this serum has changed my skin for the better.
it is brightening, clarifying, and hydrating.
this serum has actually helped clear up my acne
i love how it's moisturizing and tightening.
even under both a moisturizer
most facial products don't work well with my skin
weil's brightening serum from origins
this is my favorite serum.
this serum is one of them
firmness in my skin
i highly recommend this serum
mix philosophy's turbo boost c to up the vitamin c content
the serum is a good texture
mixed with the vitamin c
i think i am going to need to use a more moisturizing sunscreen
i do notice my skin tone is more even a there seems to be a lightening agent in the serum
i would diffidently recommend moisturizing afterward
i happened to be in-store buying some gel eyeliner from bb
she also recommended a light bb moisturizer.
decided to try this serum
i do not need a primer when i use this bobbi brown protective face lotion
it is loaded with vitamins
when el stopped making a hypoallergenic lotion
anytime you see titanium dioxide or zinc in your ingredient list
i've yet to find a lotion to st
this is my hg face lotion!
this lotion does not contain sp
s down the first moisturizer with spf i've found that isn't insanely greasy or sunscreen-smelling
the beauty consultant there applied this lotion before applying the bb cream
she showed me this lotion
my skin drinks this in
then apply this lotion
this is an excellent sunscreen that works great on my oily skin
my dermatologist told me that the most important thing a woman can do to fight the signs of aging is to wear a sunscreen
i apply this lotion
this moisturizer is the first thing i reach for
its worked as a primer and moisturizer for me.
this is both a moisturizer
then applying my regular concealer
this primer makes my powder
its enriched with vitamins for my skin
it is the perfect moisturizer.
kept my makeup from oxidizing
it hydrates the skin
it is a fabulous base for powder/mineral/liquid/gel foundations
holy smokes, i love this moisturizer.
love this face base both as a vitamin enriched face cream
this is non-irritating to my rosacea
i've used it underneath powders
wow my go-to hydrating
super hydrating and scent is a bonus!
it is super moisturizing
moisturizing with having that heavy oily feel
am allergic to a lot of "drug store" br
love this moisturizer/primer.
or you can use it as a hydrating
it has to be with a mattifying primer after
the perfect moisturizer to use under makeup
moisturize my skin for all day comfort
i put it on after moisturizing.
this is a perfect moisturizer for my oily to combination skin
probably because of the vitamin a in the ingredients
unlike other retinol/vitamin a products i didn't peel or redden
i don't moisturise my face at night
and unlike silicone primers, no breakouts either.
this is moisturizing while also helps with foundation
use this as my daytime moisturizer
after i put on toner
i love how moisturizing it is
moisturizing enough to not have dry patches
a moisturizer and primer all in one!
pre-menopause doesn't help.
this is also great for dry skin as it is very moisturizing
i find it moisturizing but not at all greasy.
thought a moisturizing product before my makeup would be a disaster however i was wrong
this is the prefect pre-primer moisturizer for any skin type
she's tried other moisturizers
since i have used this as moisturizer/primer
i just use a setting spray
how can you beat a moisturizer
the moisturizer is very light
i don't really use foundation most days -- concealer
found my new moisturizing primer
it's more like a moisturizer in texture
the vitamin enriched face base is the most amazing thing i've ever put on my face
it is super moisturizing
i don't use it as a moisturizer
moisturizers are more for dry skin
would most likely benefit from a skin oil or serum
as my moisturizing oil can separate my makeup.
was dealing with the hormonal aftermath of javing a baby
has all the right properties for a skin moisturizer
i think it is more eucalyptus
em with the extra repair moisturizing balm
this is very hydrating, thick, moisturizing oil.
it is like "the body butter" of oils.
i could smell the oils for hours
a light moisturizer under my normal makeup
this oil is very moisturizing
in the morning i just clean my face with toner
i dont need moisture or facial cream for restore moisture on my face
only made worse by the fact that i use benzoyl peroxide to manage hormonal breakouts
have stopped using moisturizers
i get really dry flakey skin because of tretinoin acne medication
normal moisturizers do nothing
i get hormonal acne so bad
i recently started experimenting with using oils as moisturizers
i started applying this over my regular moisturizer to my cheeks
then use my moisturizer
sits well under concealer
it isn't very moisturizing
tried a few different eye creams for moisture
it not nearly as moisturizing
the thickness helps moisturize your sensitive under eyes
i love how incredibly moisturizing this is.
this eye cream has completely changed the way my concealer looks
the makeup artist first used the regular hydrating eye cream
applying the cream over makeup
without the same results as the hydrating one
it goes great under bobbi's concealer
i've tried a million eye creams
it is the perfect base for application of under eye concealer too
not to mention its hydrating
it is too moisturizing for day with my eye make-up
use the eye cream as nighttime moisturizer.
face cream in winter as moisturizer.
makes concealer application so easy
this cream is much more hydrating
it is extremely moisturizing for those dry winter nights
my main concern when searching for an eye cream is for it to be super moisturizing
moisturizing enough to hold your concealer without looking cakey
i dont feel anything else other than moisturizing
this is my favorite eye cream because it's moisturizing
works well under eye concealer
really moisturizing, a little goes a long way.
peptides to repair my fine lines
using my hairdryer for drying
including laser acne treatments
i used it for undereye bags.
the drying acne medications left my skin looking terrible
as a bonus has a mattifying
just dabs of concealer here
it mixes well with cream makeup or a moisturizer mixed about 50-50
them go over with face moisturizer
eye moisturizer i use benefits face moisturizer
i think they thought i had gotten botox
this serum is thick
i felt the serum tightening on my face
menopausal acne (is that really a thing?).
no need for powder.
this product can be used as a mask pack or worn with moisturizer
i got this with the radiance serum for my birthday gift from sephora
i also got a sample of the bareminerals undereye concealer recently
i don't rub the concealer in
i mix a pea-sized amount into my moisturizer + argan oil
forth whether or not to get botox
with this in my regimen
it contains retinyl palmitate which is vit a
this converts to retinol in the skin.
retinol is drying & can cause acne.
retinol is an antiaging miracle just in case anyone hasn't heard
much better than paying $480 a syringe for a cosmetic filler
i skip the rinsing step
i take care of my skin
i cleansed my face with josie maran argan oil cleanser
you can then apply moisturizer
i don't follow with moisturizer or any type of liquid foundation
i mix it with my moisturizer
my skin in natural
follow that with my tinted moisturizer or make-up
after i put my eye moisturizer on i use kirkl
maybe mix with your moisturizer
i mix it with an argan oil to distri
of "face firm" cream/serum
raw from to many glycolic products
i didn't want a serum that i'd need to mortgage my house for
oily like some serums
it says to follow with a moisturizer
this serum totally repaired my skin.
i hope this serum continues to work its magic.
feels more like i just used a toner
zero grease like other hyaluronic/vit c combos i've used before are
i definitely need to use moisturizer after this serum otherwise my face feels dry
so for my aging skin i coul ddo nothing except moisturize
this serum absorbs quickly
this is an amazing serum
this serum goes into your skin
i'd been using this serum for about 6 months
a day serum as well as an undereye serum
if fragrance irritates your skin
i just wear concealer
going from a cream to gel
along with the vinoperfect radiance serum
or paired over the serum during the day
the scent is not as nice as the serum
this product works miracles on my skin.
refrigerate it for the best texture of the cream
gave a chance to some other moisturizer
then i decided to give this amazing moisturizer sorbet a try
i love this moisturizer.
probably not moisturizing enough for winter though
doesn't weight down the skin like some moisturizers do
this product gives me a great amount of moisture to combat my dry skin from my acne creams
the serum combined really helped to clear my pms acne
used in conjunction with the serum
it does contain fragrance
it is either very lightly scented or unscented
i love this moisturizer!
need an extra serum or a humidifier to help throughout the night
moisturizing without being oily
i love this moisturizer.
evening skin care regimen
the product uses natural ingredients
love this, so light but highly moisturizing!
lightweight moisturizers that can be applied in layers as my skin needs
along with the serum
the serum is a little pricey
this is one of my top 3 go-to moisturizers.
this does an amazing job at moisturizing
normally stick to a light bronzer
now i can just use this one moisturizer
this moisturizer i recommend to everyone.
i love this moisturizer!!
i find myself constantly switching my moisturizers based on the day
i read that it was a facial cream
i layer this on top of the caudalie sos thirst-quenching serum
i always go for multiple layers of moisturizers to keep my skin from drying out
it's light but yet really moisturizing.
goes on extremely light while still moisturizing
moisturizer when i run out
the serum is kinda sticky once you apply it
moisturizing at the same lime
after receiving more samples of many more moisturizers
because of trying multiple moisturizers
s on other sensitive skin moisturizers
great moisturizer to apply before your primer for a quick everyday makeup routine
i think the results are better when combined with the vinoperfect radiance serum
and combined with the serum it was even better!
caudalie vinosource moisturizing sorbet is one of the only products i've found that actually moisturizes without irritating my sensitive skin
it does not have synthetic added fragrance
it came with the vinoperfect radiance serum
the radiance serum morning
used this with the radiance serum
especially combined with the radiance serum
i decided to try a different moisturizer
i tried two other different moisturizers
my skin is combination
look for really light moisturizers for use in the day
does a great job moisturizing my skin
this, however, is my holy grail moisturizer.
loved this lightweight moisturizer.
could massage my face
initially bought this when i was taking isotretinoin for my acne
together with the caudalie moisturizing serum this saved my skin
photodynamic therapy helped my skin feel
sunscreen blended together in one
with this moisturizer my skin comes back to life
i only use this in the day as there is significant sunscreen in the product
despite the moisturizing components in both products i don't feel greasy
i liked the retinol
bright as it did with the photodynamic therapy
it's supposed to act as a substitute for "light therapy" treatments
not only does this moisturize
i don't have to put extra sunblock
i wear spf 30 every day
i usually layer it over prevage serum.
it's an expensive sunscreen
i love this everyday under tinted moisturizer.
with the poetry in lotion
perfect lotion for 40 something with prior combination skin
i wear sunscreen every day
don't layer on sunscreen afterwards or it will minimize the effects
sunlight activated antiaging properties
the first time i tried photodynamic therapy my skin felt so much smoother
photodynamic therapy has worked wonders for me skin
just a dab of concealer here
i am now on my second bottle of photodynamic.
the retinol-based "poetry in lotion"
i received a sample of photodynamic therapy in a retail location
it is a day lotion and sunblock at the same time.
it is a wonderfully protective all day sunscreen!
will use this as my primary face sunscreen.
i'd given up on facial moisturizers entirely
except for pure grapeseed oil
i don't use it as a sunscreen
under my regular sunblock
i think it's because of the sunscreen in it.
i exchanged this for ddf ultra-lite oil free moisturizing dew
even after just 5 days of photodynamic therapy use
this comes out of the bottle feeling like sunscreen
photodynamic therapy is so effective on its own it is all you need for night time with a serum underneath
in the daytime you should use your favorite serum of choice with this
natural beauty where are the wrinkles
i really think this is the answer to our daily moisturizer plus sunscreen plus extra light therapy in a bottle
the antiaging claims on this one sold me
feels much better than a traditional sporty sunscreen
especially with chemical sunscreens
i tried my other sunscreen
until now only laser treatments
spent the day in the sun without putting on additional sunscreen
always use additional sunscreen
reapply sunscreen if you are hanging out in the sun
i still have hyperpigmentation
i am using this in conjunction with poetry in lotion as well
vitamin d which is one of the catalysts to using light to build collagen
it is an excellent sunscreen
all sunscreens will do this
the spf30 sun protection
i roll on this gel
i don't use any of those eye creams/treatments at all
it did reduce undereye puffiness
it's only $16 compared to those other pricy undereye creams/treatments
i ordered a new facial oil with this roll-on gel
the gel formula even fills lines so when you apply concealer
paired with the instant moisturizer
i am allergic to coffee
this is a must have for allergy season.
helps to relieve the look of "allergy eyes".
moisturizes like it claims to.
i apply this gel after cleansing in the morning.
a great eye contour moisturizer!
this under eye moisturizer is affordable
this gel is supposed to reduce puffiness
now my concealer can cover the dark
it does hydrate my undereye area
it works like it says and it has no parabens.
love the massage balls to relax the skin.
i like the metal massagers.
decided to try the sephora gel
a cooling gel in a roller ball applicator that's great as a travel size
i keep repurchasing this gel
this is my daily moisturizer and i love it.
t moisturizes the top layer of skin
i wanted to get a good moisturizer to help repair the damage to my skin
used this as my moisturizer
this moisturizer has definitely helped my skin care regimen
it was so lightweight but moisturizing.
i think i've found my new fave moisturizer!
its a good moisturizer for the price
i love this moisturizer for the morning.
this moisturizer is great for people with oily/combination skin
i love this moisturizer.
not only it moisturizes your face
safe to say my new holy grail moisturizer.
this is my holy grail for moisturizer now.
we still need a big boost of moisturizing in the fall
i would like to add that he has eczema
it is now my go to moisturizer
i would much rather have an unscented version.
this was amazing to mix with a treatment gel every night to avoid dryness
i truly recommend this moisturizer!
i changed to this moisturizer
this moisturizer is amazing its light not oily
i've tried many kinds of moisturizers.
i love the hyaluronic acid it locks in moisture
she recommended this moisturizer in a travel size
perfect medium weight moisturizer
this is a good light weight moisturizer for the morning before i apply my makeup
i will never go back to my clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel
it's light weight, yet super moisturizing.
i like how it moisturizes my skin
mixed this with the clinique moisturizer
ran out of my lush cosmetics moisturizer i usually use
i do like this moisturizer.
i came across this moisturizer
it's a perfect moisturizer for the day.
this is my go-to moisturizer for day and night.
my new face moisturizer
make my concealer perfect!
i love this moisturizer!
it does it what it promises, moisturize.
this is a great lightweight moisturizer for any skin type
this moisturizer is perfect for layering over my oil
you figured something out for me to not have dry flakey facial areas or breakouts from moisturizing
i applied it after an exfoliant today to get rid of my dry skin
i usually use a light moisturizer for combo to oily skin
lotion because of the scent
when i looked it up i realized it was indeed a facial moisturizer
the first 2 products i was allergic to
i eat less sodium now.
so a combination of both the diet and this cream.
it is the only eye cream that combats the dryness
allows me to wear during the day with concealer
great anti wrinkle, rich cream.
i am allergic to lots of skin care products
my facialist asked if i had any procedure done to remove lines around my eyes
face creams as am obsessed
i got the gift package with the elixir
this is my holy grail eye cream.
this is perfect for moisturizing
i don't need to wear under eye concealer
i've tried so many eyes creams
if you ever tried caudalie's vinosource sorbet moisturizer
it feels very moisturizing.
i like to massage my creams into my face
it works beautifullywith the shiseido eye sunblock
then i apply my concealer
i applied it at bedtime
i've tried so many creams for my under eye bags
have been really using eye creams as a preventative measure
20 years of buying eye creams of all varieties
i usually use 2 eye creams
heavy moisturizer from my favourite skin care br
it is so moisturizing
it's very moisturizing but not heavy.
before buying this i tried all kinds of anti-wrinkle eye cream
as is also one of the serums i'm using
it is super hydrating
you do not need a dermatologist if you maintain a caudelie regimen
performs well above-average for moisturizing
this moisturizer is a treat.
i am sure it would be a simple addition of an emollient ingredient
though i also use vinexpert serum
one more rant: all cosmetic manufacturers -- please don't use opaque bottles
using this eye cream
i can get by with only ysl's touche éclat as my undereye concealer
i've tried many different eye creams
not only is it moisturizing
caudalie's eye cream was my a miracle cure
i returned that and tried other eye creams.
other moisturizers don't last throughout the day
eye treatments for endless hours
i've tried many other eye creams
the premier cru face moisturizer is amazjng
i've tried many eye creams
yet effective without the extra "fluff" ingredients that are in some of the cosmeceutical products
i initially bought this cream as a preventive measure against wrinkles
i like this cream.
recently i paired it with the vin expert eye serum just for more anti aging because i treat my eyes like i would treat my face
purchased caudalie premier cru the cream for my daily face lotion as well
love this cleansing oil!
a few drops of josie maran argan oil
its my first time using the laura mercier cleanser
the cleansing products are good for my skin
including heavy duty mascara
love clinique acne astringent in particular
this cleansing oil removes all even my waterproof mascara
over-exfoliating is a big mistake!
have just discovered the beauty of cleansing oil
looks like my chin needed just a bit more moisturizing
it's moisturizing and light weight.
i love how moisturizing and hydrating it is.
this creme does the job at night
this repair serum is amazing
i love this serum.
after i ran out i proceeded to use the other cleansing/moisturizing products without it
clean complexion i was noticing when i was using the serum
the serum was in it
i did try a sample of the vitamin c collogen booster serum
very moisturizing yet it's not greasy.
i think it began while i was searching for finding moisturizers that have spf
plus, it has spf.
this moisturizer is really helping
i've tried so many oil free moisture cream or lotions
this was my first time useing this lotion
i tried the flawless moisturizer and loved it!
this lotion is moisturizing without being heavy
i've gone through two tubs of this moisturizer
using this moisturizer with laura mercier perfecting water creates a flawless
every other "moisturizer" i've tried
i don't believe in having to buy a serum
very moisturizing cream that truly helps fine lines specially in the forehead
it is very moisturizing
heal my under eye after an allergic reaction
which makes my skin dryer
it feels very moisturizing.
my skin is combination
which i like because i need extra moisturizing products
only had the emulsion version
although this is the cream
moisturizing, creamy, delishous on your skin!
s of facial moisturizers i have totally fallen in love with the benefiance line
this moisturizer is perfect for summer
most moisturizers make me break it
most moisturizers make my eyes water with their spf
this moisturizer is on the heavy side
this makes my skin glow and moisturizers well.
moisturizes throughout the day
this moisturizer really hydrates the skin well.
great for anyone who wants an antiaging moisturizer with some spf
not greasy but very moisturizing
i've tried lots of other creams
i love this moisturizer.
if the wrinkleresist24 day cream is too heavy or emollient
step down to the wrinkleresist day emulsion
i used many eye creams before
i've tried other eye gels
this gel is so moisturizing
so does the cleanser
i've tried other eye creams
so moisturizing and it sinks in right away.
my friends are convinced i've had botox to smooth out the wrinkles around my eyes
so lightweight and sooo rich and moisturizing!
one of my prior favorite eye creams made my mascara run
non irritating eye gel
or too oily without moisturizing effect
i love the gel texture of it
i've tried several eye creams.
i needed a new moisturizer to replace my current moisturizer
i need more than a gel for any moisturizing
very moisturizing & absorbs fast.
works well with my under eye concealer
i appreciate that it doesn't have parabens
as i will not put parabens on my skin
rationalizing that it's less expensive than plastic surgery or botox :
i no longer have to use under eye concealer
i love the hydration
texture of this eye gel
plus is super hydrating
i need concealer to hide it
i've tried other eye gels
very moisturizing but not heavy or greasy at all.
hydrates likes no other eye cream.
it's hydrating for an oil-free product.
my concealer does not look cakey
it's so moisturizing and really outstanding.
which is more expensive than rejuvenating eye treatment gel
this one is more moisturizing for sure
it works well under makeup and concealers too!
it is pure hydration
moisturizer for whole eye area
with other moisturizers by the end of the day
love this eye gel.
this is such a moisturizing gel that has improved the texture of the skin around my eyes
the serum, face gel, toner and wrinkle cream.
gels for my bags
it's very moisturizing, but not greasy or shiny.
how hydrating it is
most eye gels use water
the bamboo makes it extra moisturizing
the moisterizer works for my skin
i recently discovered that i am allergic to bismuth oxychloride which is used in many cosmetic products
i did not like the face serum or cream
i do like this eye gel
one of my faves for reducing puffiness
because it is a gel
i've used clinique extra firming cream
night after i apply my moisturizer
i've tried using other under eye creams
she also loves the eye serum
with acne medications my face can get artificially dry
i rarely apply moisturizers to my face at all.
find i use the rejuvenating cream
eye serum the most
it is the only moisturizer (and i have plenty!)
works well under sunscreen and/or makeup.
it did moisturize my face
matte during the day
it works great as a nighttime moisturizer too.
wanted a light weight cream
i tried this rejuvenating creme sample
i've never had botox because i don't need it!!
rejuvenating normal skin type
i loved this moisturizer
using this along with their nightly facial moisturizer my skin has never been softer
wow, i love the hydration of this cream!
it is super hydrating
i love this moisturizer.
and i do switch my moisturizers once in a while.
this moisturizer has a light texture
used this at night in conjunction with the amore toner
this cream is pricy
still didn't provide the right amount of moisturizing
just as much as most jars of moisturizer.
i ran out of moisturizer
lightweight cream with near gel-like consistency.
my skin tends to get irritated with other moisturizers
this creme works well for hydrating.
even though intensively moisturizing
i i use it mainly at night over my ptr pm serum
this moisturizer is fantistic for day or night
short of ap's $500 time response cream i've yet to find a superior moisturizing product that my skin just drinks in so easily
this creme is rich and hydrating.
i take thyroid meds that make my skin dry especially on my forehead
i read that cold plasma should be used in conjunction with their finishing conditioner
i love that it has nano-technology delivery system because the molecule is small enough to get to the epidermis
the creme is time-release
if you are oily or sensitive you should try the serum
the moisture gel rather then the creme as the creme is more for dryer sking
this serum works really well!
this serum was definitely a splurge
this serum has made my skin smooth
this is the only serum product i've used.
best serum i have used to date.
i recently bought the amore pacific moisture bound rejuvenation serum
this one is more of a silky gel-like serum.
this serum is verylight, yet hydrating.
this serum goes beautifully under makeup
i originally purchased the kate somerville total vitamin antioxidant serum
primarily due to the vitamin c
after using this serum for about a week
this serum leaves your skin super hydrated
7 oz as opposed to 1 oz like many other crazy expensive serums
moisturizing but sinks in really well.
this serum is lovely
it is also very moisturizing.
after this i use the daily moisturizer.
this serum is a great matte base layer to protect your skin everyday
you can layer your moisturizer
spf products over this serum
knowing that the layer closest to your skin with the rejunenvating serum
the best serum i've tried!
night treatment serum for girls
i like this serum.
i first use my own moisturizer which is water followed by hyaluronic acid
this hyaluronic acid holds 1000x the moisture to your skin
probably is highly exfoliating.
redness with concealer or heavier foundation or thicker tm
this has quit the moisturizing power.
w=in 10-20 years when i need that extra moisturizer
i can see the difference in a high end serum!
this serum is an excellent source of hydration for your skin without making it greasy
they directed me to this serum
one of the sales reps convinced me to try this serum
if you can afford spending $75+ on a serum
this serum is so nourishing.
it will save you if you were to ever consider injectable fillers
the serum worked nicely and refreshes my skin.
it's also very moisturizing
luxurious pre-moisturiser serum-texture: fluid-like
luxurious pre-moisturiser serum that gets absorbed quickly into the skin
have found myself a new serum
my sample of amorepacific's rejuvenating serum was excellent
it works to intensify the moisturizing effects of amore pacific moisturizing products
also works with other moisturizers
it's a light serum that you can wear under moisturizer or alone
i'd run out of their miracle worker serum
you should use it in combination with a good moisturizer
it feels like a silicone primer on the skin
he uses this with the clinique for men oil mattifying moisturizer
then moisturizer with sunscreen
my skin was very hyper-pigmented i tried the youth code serum for loreal
i put it on after my moisturizer
this serum works wonder my face was super smooth
forehead since my base was moisturizing
i did start using this serum after getting a european facial to first remove all of my blackheads
there's still some serum left
i would like to bathe in it
this lotion seems to minimize that
i love this serum
along with the serum
the serum seems to be "roto-routering" my pores
after applying my moisturizer
during the day time i use tart's smooth operator™ micronized clay finishing powder with pm20™
where i apply this serum
i love this pore refining solution correcting serum
one application of this correcting serum shrinks the pores
for every day use under moisturizer
so u definitely need to buy/use other products for moisturizing
i also use the laser focus serum
the clinique pore refining serum actually works!
i don't use it as a full face serum
was introduced to the pore refining correcting serum
before i apply moisturizer in the morning
this serum is a miracle product for me.
i believed them until i tried this serum
please try this serum before you throw in the towel
a decent product for individuals not allergic to some of the ingredients
the serum is light and goes well under makeup!
it was not moisturizing enough
the scent reminds me of one of the creams they often use during a facial
it is drying so using a moisturizer after is necessary
i replace the pore thing with the 15 serum
i also use the vitamin c liquid one during the day i don't know if i'm doing too much
5 day ugh i got a simple of this acyy glutathione
having had dermal fillers
after applying face finishing moisturizer
i knew that glutathione was terrific orally
perricone managed to develop a topical cream with glutathione
i also use the pmd facial moisturizer which i can't do without
i also use perricone's night moisturizer
i've just bought my second jar of acyl-glutathione
of dollars over the years on various moisturizers
perricone's acyl-glutathione is the best product i have ever used
like all aging women
after faithful use of a few perricone products including the acyl-glutathione cream
i also love perricone's finishing moisturizer
which i use along with the acyl-glutathione
the vitamin c ester eye serum
i also tried vaxin serum
the cold plasma sytem including finishing moisturizer last 4 months
2 months ago i also bought acyl-glutathione
this is a great anti-aging serum.
i must be getting rosacea
like vitamins for your face.
sometimes i add moisturizer on top
laser treatments or botox so although expensive
most of all dissolved cellulite
acyl-glutathione has improved the elasticity
i love acyl-glutathione!
i am pairing the acyl with cold plasma face
i find i get more effective results with serums or retinol if i do not add moisturizer on top of them
intensely hydrate with a hyaluronic acid product to replenish moisture
i found this serum to be really hydrating especially around my crows feet
this serum is way more hydrating than any of the other br
i don't know how this isn't the #1 serum.
what can't this serum do?!
after photos i see online from providers of botox injections
i swear by this serum
i truly love this serum
yes, the price tag on this serum is steep.
so after i cleanse
this serum provides the foundation
i just needed a good serum
next i want to try there facial cleanser!
i will never be without this serum
this serum was rec'd on youtube as a way to tighten
exfoliate skin before you moisturizer
have been using this serum for 1 month now
anti aging product is my acne miracle
i love how this serum made my skin smoother
moisturizing that i missed it when it ran out
however, my mom loves this serum.
she is on her second bottle of this serum
ii have the exfoliate from algenist
along with the toner
murad time release retinol for a long time
while i am sold on the serum- my complexion is calm
i guess nothing works like botox.
i will definitely purchase this serum again
this serum helped in minimizing wrinkles on the forehead
using the serum along with algenist targeted deep wrinkle minimizer cream really helped
this product is hydrating
might just edge out truth serum as my favorite serum
i love this serum--have tried many
i got the serum as a beauty insider bonus.
i tried the "truth serum" before this one
noticed that the vitamin c was just too much for my face
one of the best antiaging serums around
this serum is great for your face
use the serum on my neck which is a big help
will try their eye serum next.
lots of skin damage from tanning
most serums are over $100.
after just one day i got samples of the pore reducing moisturizer as serum was a little drying on my face
have used a variety of serums
will use no other serum
firming cream so figured i'd get the companion serum
this serum is jut one of many i've tried
dying to try the cleanser
my face definitely looks younger since i started using this serum
i tried this serum on a recommendation by a sephora employee
cannot use any products with retinol
originally tried serum in a trial size trio of algenist skin products
cleanser for about a month
the serum has calmed my skin
that's the furthest from the truth with the serum or the moisturizer
i applied the algenist serum liberally to my face
then applied amore pacific rejuvenating moisture lotion
i can be acne-prone
this serum seriously shrinks pores
despite the problem with psoriasis
have tried many creams
anything beyond a cleanser and lotion.
this is my second bottle of the serum
it's the only serum i want to use
perhaps would have been my hg serum if not for the bumps
continue my search for my perfect serum
averaging around $100 for its moisturizers
compared with dermatologist fees
the price of prescription products
i couple it with the moisturizer
i prefer the results to the results of my md exfoliant
was able to treat my face/neck with less serum
i like this serum very much
my first time buying anykind of serum
can replace laser treatments and all facials!!!!
it is moisturizing but feather light.
this product is very moisturizing
i like this moisturizer.
use the fab ultra hydration moisturizer first in the dry areas
i am allergic to almost every moisturizer out there
love the texture of this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is amazing!
the product is good for moisturizing the skin
this moisturizer really works
not greasy but very moisturizing.
lift as my am moisturizer
lift is less moisturizing
it's expensive for a moisturizer
this moisturizer is lightweight
i just opened a new jar of algenist anti-aging moisturizer
this moisturizer is no exception
i love this moisturizer
i asl use the serum
you will have to use a serum
have issues with most facial creams that i try
i recently received a small jar of algenist regenerative anti-aging moisturizer as a gift from sephora using my bonus points
the moisturizer is very light
it seems to do a nice job of moisturizing my skin overnight
i received this moisturizer in a beauty test tube kit
kit from sephora that has the cleanser
the serum is different in that's it's more like a lotion
this moisturizer disappears on my skin
not greasy, yet moisturizing.
this moisturizer does what it claims
doesn't absord as fast as a gel based moisturizer would
none have made a differnce with the texture/collagen damage
my sample of algenist regenerative anti-aging moisturizer was excellent
plus it's very moisturizing, too.
am on my second bottle of the serum
using this along with the serum
i don't think i'll purchase the serum again
so the daytime dose of this wonderful creme hlps exfolioate
i already use a vitamin c serum to stay young looking so thank god i don't have any wrinkles sagging etc
along with the serum
similar to a light sunscreen consistency
great daytime cream with sunscreen
i felt that it was rich and very moisturizing.
either bb cream or just powder
rich and moisturizing, but not heavy.
i'll swear by this cream
i cannot use any other moisturizer on my face
i am also supposed to use a benzoyl peroxide face wash
murad vitamin c for a few years
i do believe this is a much needed elixir for my anti-aging goal
not oily or serum textured like some
low for an anti-aging moisturizer that won't irritate my roascea
it's not quite as moisturizing as i would like it to be
not only is it incredibly moisturizing
this is by far the best full spf moisturizer that really moisturizes
perricone's photo plasma for my combination skin
i love this moisturizer
i wanted an all in one product that combines moisturizer
i do put a sunscreen over it on the day product.
although it’s a moisturizer i use it more as a treatment product
it doesn't compromise the texture of the moisturizer
a very light weight moisturizer.
i am 100% loyal to this moisturizer.
which other lotions have
i love this moisturizer!
i layer it over my serum
picky about the lotions i use on it
this face moisturizer even h
doesn't leave a white sunscreen film on the skin
this product provides the perfect combination of restorative properties
this moisturizer provides the perfect combination of regeneration properties
i only need the serum now.
using the serum does cut down in how much you need of the moisturizers
also an issue for me with a lot of moisturizers
this moisturizer has really helped
i am using the serum too
the alguronic acid in the moisturizer works like a retinol
i am no longer searching for moisturizers
i love this sunscreen & moisturiser!
moisturizing to my skin without irritation
this balm def helps w/ the puffiness
algenist's regenerative anti-aging moisturizer is what she uses each morning
my concealer made my undereyes look dry
love how moisturizing it is
it seems to be a popular concealer
i find this to be hydrating
the eye cream i was using was helping the puffiness
have tried many eye creams
i wanted to changeup my eye regimen
i pair it with algenist's night serum before i go to bed at night
works well under concealer.
i've tried a number of different eye creams
i wear this over the power wrinkle serum
so hydrating and no irritation.
my previous eye cream was hydrating
if i'm wearing makeup i use it under my concealer
this is the only cream that hydrates my under eyes
moisturizing effects to the under eyes
this is moisturizing without being heavy
i tried couple of other creams
it's super moisturizing as well
works amazing as eye cream and eyeshadow primer!
the eye balm moisturizes the drying effect the tightening creams can have on my skin
anti aging eye cream
i own about 30 eye creams
unlike most eye creams
this cream has time
i also noticed it with their facial serum
if that is a problem for you look for eye creams that have light reflectors like laura mercier repair eye serum or origins ginzing refressing eye cream
the consultant "upsold" me to this cdn$80 cream
i tried a lot of different eye creams
i usually switch creams
i do not use concealer
more firming eye cream
concealer etc you choose
sometimes the concealer makes the product flake off
only use a little concealer
the facial firming gel for my mother
undereye serums for long term
you can use a non-cream based concealer that is totally oil free
get botox for my crows feet
products for the eye with caffeine
create the effect of a concealer
i tested it with both liquid and powder makeups.
i would like to use a concealer over this product
even without the concealer the results are amazing
i wish ptr would make this in concealer skin tones or make it compatible with other eye products
after washing my face i put on face serum
if you wear foundation use powder
this is one of the first eye firming creams i've used
this eye cream/treatment works!!!
it is really just like topical botox
this is less effective when rinsed or combined with moisturizer--
even when using moisturizer/sunscreen
i don't need concealer when i'm wearing firmx
you have to mix it with moisturizer
i dab my sunscreen over it and it still works.
for years i've tried almost all all products for my undereye puffiness
this gel/cream formula is so perfect
serum or concealer i have ever used
this goes from cream to powder in seconds
it's best when applied over a light moisturizer
i put it on after moisturizer
so moisturize before applying it
another clinique product from the redness solutions line
this is not a lotion
not designed to be a moisturizer.
used with the exfoliating wash
the pore refining serum
apply it after moisturizer
it's undetectable under makeup
after i moisturize my skin
before i put on my moisturizer
under-eye concealer apply
this is a keeper to my daily regimen.
i recommend waiting 5 to 10 minutes after you moisturize to apply this
it makes your skin matte
i like the matte coverage
sunscreen added would make it even better.
where this perfecter product from clinique
all my life i have struggled to find my holy grail facial cleanser
cleansing oils are not supposed to lather
helps with my acne
follow with the hydrating mist
the light argan oil
i love this cleanser!
no more breakouts from hormonal changes
unlike other oil cleansers this washes off
lather is not what gets you clean with foaming cleansers
every other day i mix in the jm exfoliating powder
for a makeup remover i found it a bit tough for eyeliner
it takes off all makeup with no need for eye makeup remover or additional scrubbing or toner
even the most stubborn waterproof mascara
of course i follow with a milk cleanser
neck that required some medicated cream from the doctor
i picked up this cleanser as a supplement to the eczema regime to cleanse my skin
this product is hydrating
this product is gluten free which is an added bonus
i also use it to remove my matte lipsticks.
i love this oil based cleanser because it doesn't strip my skin like other cleansers
i still use makeup remover wipes before using this product
i really like this facial cleanser.
once you add the water to make it an emulsion it becomes this luxurious milky cleanser
tried many samples of cleansers
it's also very moisturizing.
this cleanser has no smell which makes me think that there is almost no argan oil in it or that it has been chemically processed to remove the smell
i like to double cleanse since i'm using it like a makeup remover
except for waterproof mascara
i apply moisturizer right after
i've never used a facial cleanser that takes makeup off so well
this is the only moisturizer i have used that moisturizes my dry areas
it works even better after some exfoliation with ahas
i no longer need to use a toner
better moisturized without increasing redness
so go over with a toner
use this 3-4x a week for a gentle cleanser
follow with the pure argan milk
its my new holy grail next i will try the exfoliator by josie maran
i love this cleanser!
this oil cleanser does not strip my skin like soap cleansers do
made with natural ingredients
i also pair it with the josie maran argan oil after the shower
this one is really moisturizing which oily skin desperately needs
syrup-like in consistency
such as the tata harper purifying cleanser
the emma hardie cleansing balm
if you are a fan of cleansing balms
you will love this josie maran cleansing oil
tinted moisturizer or bb cream
searched for a long time for moisturizer that was more hydrating
i started using it with toner/essence/all-that-jazz
i don't have experience with other cleansing oils
i do with other types of facial cleansers
even rxs from the dermatologist
i like waterproof eyeliner
i love all the argan oil products
this is such a gentle makeup remover
this is my go to cleanser
i applied it like a regular cleanser
i also combine with a vitamin c moisterizer
as i have lupus
removes all of my makeup including my waterproof mascara
always follow this type of cleanser with a foaming or water-based cleanser to remove any residue
followed by a water-based cleanser
it doesnt have mineral oil as a filler like many of the lower priced oil cleansers do
i will be using this product as my daytime moisturizer forever
i keep trying new moisturizers
because my regular kiehls moisturizer was out
i like the moisturizer
after i will continue my search for my perfect moisturizer
i wouldn't recommend this moisturizer for very greasy skin types
the moisturizer is light weight
this moisturizer is light weight
i usually hate moisturizers with sunscreen
the added benefit of sunscreen is awesome
it has a nice smell, not of sunscreen.
also acne prone skin
i've tried everything when it comes to face lotion
best oil free moisturizer i've tried for my sensitive skin
i love this moisturizer.
cooling feeling i get when applying this moisturizer
i like the benefit creams
i used other moisturizers
i love this moisturizer!
i really like using this moisturizer.
it soothes my skin after i've exfoliated or used some kind of acne cleanser
this lotion is moisturizing enough where it takes care of the dry areas
how i love this moisturizer?
this moisturizer is so luxurious.
benefit's triple performing moisturizer is perfect
this emulsion/moisturizer is wonderful!
moisturizer in one i love it
this facial emulsion from benefit is a fabulous find
all around lightweight moisturizer for all
its an amazing moisturizer
no scent ... no parabens.
my skin is combination
especially this daytime moisturizer
using a moisturizer with spf is vital for daytime
they are never as emollient or nice smelling as their non-spf sisters
sometimes i don't think its moisturizing enough
this is now my everyday moisturizer
overall, this is a good sunscreen.
this lotion has been perfect
i got this as a moisturizer for summer.
i deal with acne
i love this moisturizer!
more intense moisturizer from this line
this lotion is good for that.
it is a very light moisturizer
it's very moisturizing and it absorbs quickly.
wish it was unscented
this is the only way i can get my bf to wear sunscreen
i find it to be very moisturizing
i find that this moisturizer
perfect everyday moisture without the oily feel that i have experienced with many facial moisturizers
this moisturizer is lightweight
when this product says that it's moisturizing it isn't kidding
i think it is better used solely as a sunscreen
i love this moisturizer- it's light
i've read some reviews about this product not being moisturizing enough
my skin is combination
decided to keep it as my winter moisturizer
if i buy a strong moisturizer
eye cream from the beauty insider program
with the potent eye cream
the triple performing facial emulsion was quite nice on my skin
i love the smell of the lotion
many moisturizers cause me to break out
pretty much all moisturizers that contain sunscreen do that to me
am very picky about sunscreen/moisturizers
this moisturizer is amazing!
i enjoyed benefit's triple performing facial emulsion spf 15 pa as a recent vib perk
this very light lotion is extremely moisturizing
i always have this moisturizer in my makeup drawer 24/7
highly recommend for a nightly moisturizers!
most hydrating facial creams i have ever tried
this moisturizer works so well.
as for acne, this moisturizer is okay.
i still love this moisturizer though
this is my 2nd jar of this amazing moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer
i tried a clinique moisturizer at almost half the price
i love this moisturizer!
love using this at night or after exfoliating
once i started using it post exfoliating or other treatments that dried my skin it was the perfect moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
i tried several face moisturizer
ing benefits over other moisturizers i have used
i love this moisturizer.
i always try new acne creams
it does moisturize my fave
for those of you who would prefer your moisturizer unscented i don't think this is the product for you
i also recommend their face wash and toner.
my husband even likes the toner.
this moisturizer is h
it is very very moisturizing
this really helps with moisturizing those patchy spots
i personally don't like using fragranced lotion on my face
i usually buy moisturizers
this product is so hydrating
best moisturizer for dry skin!!!
my new holy grail face moisturizer
moisturizing without being heavy
i also use the facial emulsion with spf in the mornings
this is the only moisturizer that i find effective for my skin issues
spot moisturize by day
i like the consistency of the cream.
i tried so many moisturizers this winter
before this moisturizing cream i tried at least 20 other unsuccessful moisturizing creams
this moisturizer is formulated for normal to dry skin
i need something more moisturizing to counteract the overdrawing of salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide as well as the harsh weather
it is extremely moisturizing
this moisturizer is my new fave product.
philosophy cleanser every night
it is very emollient without clogging pores
you just need to massage
i love this moisturizer!
emollient cream has squalane
because it is fragranced
lanolin can break some folks out
i just love this moisturizer!
have used many other deep moisturizing creams in the past
i really love this facial cream
before this one i used the korres pomegranate moisturizer which i really loved
this is extremely moisturizing
lightweight in regards to other moisturizers
i like this moisturizer a lot
wanting to save on moisturizer
i wish i could use "natural" moisturizes
find this jar of magic hydrates
i felt that it did a great job of intensively moisturizing dry winter skin
this moisturizer saved my super dry skin
it felt like any other moisturizer i use for my skin
this moisturizer is so nourishing!
its perfect for spot moisturizing under your make up
this moisturizer does the trick.
of all the moisturizers i've tried
this moisturizer is sooo hydrating!
my skin in combo
this moisturizer works well on my skin
or in my case have acne cleansers that dry out your skin
i've tried so many moisturizers
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizers works wonders for me.
to use benefit's emulsion during the day
will never use another moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer.
i just use a mattifying treatment after
unlike tarte maracuja eye treatment
i only can use physical sunscreen
under my face moisturizer at night
of all the eye creams i've tried
it's a nice consistency- moisturizing
very moisturizing but not too heavy.
in cahoots with verso eye serum
i just bought the whole bottle online incase the allergy returns
i don't use concealer at all
i never needed eye creams
my concealer/foundation goes on a lot smoother
use this eye cream for its brightening properties
brightens eyes to where i dont need concealer in the area
its also very moisturizing
i've tried a bunch of other creams as samples
it is very moisturizing
i've used stuff from my dermatologists office
have tried so many eye creams
hard to treat lines that concealer
bought the big size- great moisturizing
have always jumped from moisturizer-to-moisturizer
this product helped my skin after a chemical burn from retinol
now i realize my moisturizers were the culprit
regular lotion was not helping
i absolutely love jurlique's calendula cream.
bought this cream to help combat the dryness
it is somewhat moisturizing
i would use some other moisturizer
has just enough moisturization
because the ingredients are supposed to alleviate redness
excessive use of retinol/benzoyl peroxide after a bad breakout i had
light then the other creams
i love this cream as well as the calendula lotion
this is the only cream that i can use for my oily/acne skin
in the morning under my regular moisturizer
i love using this under my moisturizer for my texture problems
healthy when i use this serum
this serum has changed everything
i would get facials monthly
i've used this serum for 2 months now
this is my hg serum
i tired this product as part of a skin care travel kit
it does an excellent job as a skin serum
massage a good facial oil into your skin
it is 1oz of product which is comparable to almost every serum available
only use it at night under a moisturizer
i believe it's helped with the appearance of the sebaceous hyperplasia as well
i find that moisturizer is needed after application for best hydration
after using prescription acne retinoids
even though i exfoliate
kate somerville's exfoliant i can actually see the difference in my skin
i also use with their hydrating toner.
it takes care of my wrinkles
i've used so many creams
i also use this in the morning under a touch of my heavy laura mercier concealer
love how this product hydrates
i like this eye cream.
it's light but moisturizing.
after trying a couple creams
the cyto cell face cream
it's the perfect weight and very moisturizing.
they said it was also a moisturizer
do use another eye moisturizer cream
this cream is more of a light lotion consistency
however i like a more moisturizing eye cream for at night
the cytocell cream is completely unscented
the cytocell cream also sits well under my concealer
i've tried several eye creams that are good moisturizers
i stopped using under-eye concealer
do apply a more moisturizing cream under my eyes
at night under serums/moisturizers
it moisturizes the right amount
i love all my more expensive products for my treatments/serums
i will say that it isn't as hydrating
texture is light yet moisturizing
i tried many eye creams
to be honest that is something concealer is for
i like this eye cream
its also hydrating which is brightening my dark circles
this is very moisturizing
this eye cream is light and hydrating.
i wear it under my concealer
it doesn't make my undereye concealer look cakey.
it is very moisturizing
an excellent eye cream from the "inexpensive" range of creams
tip for users with dry skin: spray facial area with thermal water
if this cream would irritate anyone's skin
very moisturizing and truly is 5 in 1.
: my only complaint: retinyl palmitate is a vitamin a ingredient
this eye cream is very moisturizing
i like this cream
good,at list i don't have allergy from this cream
that could be placebo
this is a preventative cream for me
i've tried many eye creams
love the natural ingredients
my concealer glids right on after that
love how hydrating this eye cream is!
mix a bit with your under eye concealer
i love that this cream is free of irritants
has retin a in it
this cream contains it
retin a is a slow to show up vitamin
the eye cream is moisturizing
i believe i've purchased 5 tubes of this eye cream
le the retinyl palmitate in it
more effective than other eye creams i have used for moisturizing
i still use a separate vitamin k product for that
this is very moisturizing
feels like it's moisturizing
5 in 1 works great under concealer
i tried multiple murad eye creams
this cream is light
i usually get one of clinique's eye creams
i don't know that it's as moisturizing as clinique's cream i was using
researched more eyes creams
i will try other eye creams
this product does a good job of moisturizing
no paraben, so drying sulfate.
not greasy when i apply my concealer
it is a great non-greasy daytime eye moisturizer under time balm concealer
i like the hydrating effect this eye cream has.
it does a great job moisturizing my eyes
great antiaging eye cream!
this eye cream was recommended to me by a sephora specialist when i asked for a moisturizing eye cream for nighttime
use it mainly as a moisturizer
the ren glycolic lactic acid mask
best cleanser for my combination to oily skin type
got three samples of exfoliating products for my combo
it has glycolic acid in it
don't forget to moisturize after
10x better than the origins ginseng exfoliator.
helped with my acne prone skin
although cleansing helps my skin
i need an exfoliant that can help scrub off dead skin as well
exfoliates as it washes.
after rinsing off the product
then i rinse it off to let the glycolic
lactic acid work for a little while longer
i usually do glycolic peels
microdermabrasion at the dermatologist because i like to really feel an intense exfoliation working
have a base where it feels more like a cream with some exfoliating particles
put moisturizer on after using this
i know some people dislike exfoliating beads
my husband and i both use this cleanser.
when i don't have time to exfoliate using either clarisonic or facial cloth
works well when combined with a resurfacing serum
it’s not sticky it dries fast i wait a minute before applying the radiance serum
the serum is perfect under a moisturizer
paired at night with wild rose + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
it rinses right off no need for use of soap
i don't see exfoliating products like this often- exfoliating granules in a creamy base
my skin does well with a tough exfoliant like this one
1st like dove it's dermatologist recommended which
the micro cleanser is medium granule- i use it every day as well as the radiance
or exfoliating scrubs before
except for the last two nights i was away i tried a sample of bare minerals cellular renewal serum
it's a great first step before applying ren's glycol mask or the aha serum
it is an exfoliating that foams a little bit
i used this product more as a cleanser than exfoliator
it is a bonus that it's an exfoliator
using it instead of my caudalie gentle cream cleanser two days a week
though i do notice my skin absorbs my moisturizers more readily after i use the micro polish cleanser
this despot serum really worked!!!
i love the philosophy micrbrasion scrub that comes with a vitamin c activator
i really love this exfoliator.
5 fluid ounce sample of this micro polish cleanser
it's very exfoliating though
/or the radiance glycolic mask
then the radiance serum
the tiny microbeads are excellent for exfoliation as well
yes it exfoliates skin
the ingredients are natural which i love.
exfoliate so best product for me
i love this exfoliator- it is natural
the exfoliating part to it is very fine
that helps to exfoliate more because of the surface exfolation
it also contains glycolic acid from pineapples
has grains for exfoliation
exfoliating eliminates all the dead skin
s to cleansers like velocity
1 ounces in the tube
i also love their glycol lactic peel mask.
i love this cleanser
i usually use the $55 glyco lactic mask
the way it foams as well as exfoliates
ren micro polish cleanser works really well.
glycolic is ok to use while pregnant
then use my cleanser like i had to with my old exfoliator
best scrub/exfoliator for your money!!
a sephora employee hepled me to find an exfoliator that wasn't $70+
it foams up into a luxurious lather
which i then massage in with my clarisonic mia for an extra exfoliating boost
i am hoping to reduce some hyperpigmentation spots
use the ren radiance serum after
also osmotic infusion moisturizer
it helps your moisturizer
the cleanser actually foams up
the cleanser actually exfoliates
exfoliating at the same time
this has the lather of a regular cleanser
for total exfoliation i used the peel mask from ren too
a brightening exfoliator that feels amazing on the skin
i really like this serum.
this isn't an acne product
it's lightweight yet moisturizing
've always wondered if that defeats the purpose of it all since lactic acid is a gentle exfoliant
i really like this serum
although i will admit that this is my first serum
collagen in my skin has improved
and it was all because of this serum.
i used the ren aha resurfacing serum for over a year
this is my saving-grace serum.
this is my new favorite serum!
f exfoliating or micro derm is not part of a routine
because i wanted to try something without parabens
love this serum though!
it is also very moisturizing.
night before applying my moisturizer
she told me to try this product out for my sensitive skin because vitamin c supposedly gets rid of the darkspots
this serum is magic.
this serum definitely does what it proposes
vitamin c is one of my favourite ingredients in skin care
its great for hyperpigmentation as well as prevention of hyperpigmentation
the ren radiance perfection serum really bring perfection to my skin
this serum in particular
feels so great with this serum
a serum that feels clean & light on the skin.
the aha concentrate serum comes with a dropper to disperse the product
it’s not sticky it dries fast i wait a minute before applying the radiance serum
the serum is perfect under a moisturizer
paired at night with wild rose + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
it rinses right off no need for use of soap
this is a great serum
no acne breakouts during use
has the olfactory balance of functional ingredients with acceptably light perfume
caudalie's serum gave me vampire radiance
have been using this product for 4 weeks now in conjunction with the ren glycol lactic radiance mask
i switched from ptr vitamin c serum to radiance.
was using ole hendrikson's vitamin c serum
like the exfoliator cleanser
this serum is a hidden treasure!
because i needed a lighter moisturizer
the serum is really thin
after applying the serum i topped it with a light minimal ingredient moisturizer
some spot treatments for acne
bare minerals blemish therapy
under my drugstore moisturizer
this is an excellent serum.
this serum is so moisturizing that i often don't need a moisturizer
this is my first time using a serum in my beauty regimen
like every serum i suppose
i used it along with retinoid serum at night.
after less than a week of using this serum
i recently started using ren and love this serum.
absolutely love ren serum.
this serum is so effective without resorting to the quick fix of silicones
i got hooked on ren products from a sample of their glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
the radiance perfecting serum delivers what it promises
i am using skyn's serum now
i tried this serum because i'd been using caudalie's vinoperfect radiance serum for about a year
i love this serum.
i wanted to add a serum to my skin regime
when i first started using this serum
i tried everything for my hyperpigmentation
this little serum went beyond my expectations.
this serum is great.
in am, i follow serum with ren hydra-calm day.
i actually wear a tinted moisturizer some days.
use serum am & pm, everyday.
has a fresh scent and feels moisturizing.
have been using this serum for 3 weeks
and i even take prescription meds for my acne.
this serum has made my face baby soft
i decided to try this serum
this serum gets my first ever review
i put the osmotic infusion cream over it.
this serum has really faded my old acne marks
it's so much more moisturizing!
unlike many other creams with spf
one of the few eye moisturizers that has spf in it
most are just spf and not moisturizer.
it moisturizes all day
moisturizer, serum, eye cream.
the vitamin c is terrific!
the whole vitamin c line is just wonderful.
i love the fact that this is an spf eye cream
my skin absorbed and loved this crème.
i've tried a few eye creams
especially those in the truth vitamin c line
i love this eye crème
one of few with sunscreen
very rich and not too moisturizing.
i can usually cover those with concealer
with moisturizing that eye area.
i love this eye cream for daytime.
i think it's one of the best hydrating eye creams on the market
i suggest using the "truth" eye peel in conjunction with this cream
this one is very moisturizing
eye cream need to have spf
total truth vitamin c eye creme spf 15 does not clog the pores
super moisturizing and doesn't burn my eyes.
it is basically unscented
for a eye-cream with spf that is also paraben-free
it is difficult to find eye creams with sunscreen
i do wish it were more moisturizing
this eye creme is extremely moisturizing
i needed an anti-aging eye creme with spf
i didn't use sunscreen because it often stung my sensitive skin
i've used several anti-aging eye creams
i put on a retinol one before bed
i tried several under eye concealers
i applied this eye creme
then my estee lauder under eye concealer
i've tried dozens of eye cremes
i just concentrate on finding a great moisturizing eye cream that works well under makeup with spf
since i do tan at a salon
hydrating eye cream to combat the fine lines under my eyes
this is a rich, hydrating eye cream.
this eye creme is no exception
absorbs in the same time i let my facial moisturizer sit before i apply makeup
i found that some eye creams that claim to be am
this cream is hydrating
i put my eye concealer on right over the cream
this eye cream is jam packed omega 3
this is the only eye cream that will hydrate my skin without a reaction
i struggle to find moisturizing
this has helped hydrate
and it works great underneath concealer.
moisturizers, reduces fine lines.
i wanted a cream that would hydrate
it is very moisturizing
it works great with my estee lauder double-wear under eye concealer
i like that this murad product doe not contain parabens which i avoid
reduced the puffiness better than other eye creams i've used that were loaded with antioxidants/antia-aging ingredients
it's great for using under concealer.
provides all-day hydration
great for use under concealer.
its like agel /cream concoction
contains some killer firming peptides/ingredients
is very moisturizing with ingredients such as
holy grail of all cleanser!!
i also love the fresh soy cleanser!!
i put on a light moisturizer afterwards
i keep my cleanser in the shower
this cleanser is a must
$40 is a lot for a cleanser
the skin care rep recommended this to me
planning on purchasing the face moisturizer
this is now my #1 cleanser.
even have a prescription moisturizer
this cleanser works better than my $70 bottle for 3 ounce prescription to keep my skin from getting dry
this cleanser is light
however didn't realize his other 2 cleansers contained sulfates
this one is sulfate free
i love this face cleanser
this cleanser takes off all makeup.
after i use the cleanser
it actually seems to exfoliate my skin
the cream added to the redness relief
they smell very medicinal
been using perricone facial wash for about a year
now i changed to hypoallergenic one..loved it.
eye cream along with the cleanser
it is not fragranced, which i like.
the cleanser pumps out in a gel consistency
i love this cleanser
i follow with the other 3 hypoallergenic products
from make-up to soap to lotions
this cleanser is the only difference in my routine
i follow it with the hypoallergenic moisturizer
i used the acai berry for a while
i've finally found the perfect facial cleanser!
i love this cleanser
didn't cause any redness/breakouts like most cleansers that i've tried
any other hypo-allergenic facewash
that cleanser has a light scent to it
i love this cleanser
i love this facial wash.
like with some cleansing oils
like with some regular cleansers
other damage if used without sunscreen during the day
if you do the research they say use oil-free facial cleansers
i recall her mentioning something about essential oils or olive oils even
this is the only eye cream that combats dryness
the hypoallergenic line from perricone has worked great with my skin thus far
atopic dermatitis that flares up in my eyelids
this one actually moisturizes
i don't have wrinkles
don't moisturize like i want
occasionally i use a little dab to moisturizer my eyeshadow cream before application
this eye cream is super moisturizing
very moisturizing and firming eye cream.
i also love the feeling of this eye cream because it's very moisturizing
prefer fresh's rose eye gel/cream
it is very moisturizing
i can't do retinol.
moisturized after using this eye cream at night
this is my holy grail eye cream!
it is moisturizing and very effective.
i wear an under eye concealer with this
very moisturizing without being too heavy.
or made my under eye concealer look cakey
this one is a nice moisturizing cream
it has helped hydrate
p's cold plasma for eyes
i used the moisturizing cream normally
i found one in the moisturizer
only needed this product for the moisturizing effects
” this eye cream is truly fragrance free
previously i tried roc retinol complexion eye cream
clinique anti-gravity firming eye lift cream
this product is now going to be a staple in my facial regimen
chanel's ultra correction lift eye cream at night
this is moisturizing without being greasy
works well under concealer
i can still see the concealer in my lines
i am now going to try it on top of an eye serum
look forward to trying the rest of the hypoallergenic collection
an eye cream with spf during the day
i also apprecitated that is odorless!
i tend to develop allergies to eye creams after a few weeks of use
i love this new line of hypoallergenic products from perricone
this hypoallergenic line is my skin savior.
i love this moisturizer for my 41 year old dry/acne prone skin
so began the hunt for a new hg moisturizer.
s since i became allergic to fragrances
also at night with a serum
as i did with other moisturizers before it
i love that this moisturizer has no fragrance
parabens or other eeek-inducing additives
layer with an oil/serum
it gives perfect amount of moisturizer for my skin
this moisturizer helps balance my skin overall
after i cleanse my face with a sample of the perricone citrus cleanser which is also very nice
i want anti -aging treatment in my moisturizer
many of his other products have glycolic acid which seems to dry out my skin which make my wrinkles more pronounced
this one does not have any exfoliating ingredients
i want my moisturizer simple
cranky on this regimen
i continue to use algenist restorative night cream
good in combo with cold plasma
i love this moisturizer.
helped hydrate my normal/combination skin
this moisturizer fit the bill.
after years of trying creams both cheap
” this eye cream is truly fragrance free
while others my age look for anti-aging ingredients
i tried the "face finishing moisturizer"
after applying this i apply the professional balm my face is like pure silk
within 2 days of using this cream the redness
perricone that included olive polyphenols that made a high difference
most moisturizers seem to clog my pores
i love the entire hypoallergenic line!
i then tried this moisturizer
my skin is acne prone
i'll definitely be adding the serum to my skin care regimen soon
searching for the perfect moisturizer for this bi-polar skin of mine
is good for night after serums
i also purchased the hypoallergenic cleanser
i will definitely be ordering its serum
you do want to of course religiously use an spf sunblock
i used tanning beds in high school
the hydroquinone version of this product made me break out
because it does not have that skin bleaching agent in it
i've used the clinique anti-spot serum before
however, the ptr serum really does work.
to see the best results use right after toner
like grape seed oil
i am also thinking of making this lotion
tried various creams/cleansers/coverups
i also use ptr's ultra lite spf 30 sunblock after the de-spot
then i will use ptr's retinol fusion pm
after using ptr wash gel i put it on
i always use sunscreen
hydroquinone does nothing and never has for me.
i also use a powdered sun screen
i like how it is free of chemicals that are known for getting rid of hyperpigmentation
it is essential that sunscreen is used with this product
the only beauty primping i did that day was taking a shower
i mix my spot remover now with my moisturizer
pigment lightening serum works great too
doing microdermabrasion which is enough
when i saw that this is hydroquinone-free
this product has been lightening my melasma
i really like how the serum is not drying at all.
splotchiness from acne in the past
tried a few acne solutions
i think it's the caffeine
i would say it's the most moisturizing whitening serum i've used so far
upgraded to a more heavy duty sunscreen at the same time
this is my first time trying a cleansing balm
instead i'd approach it as an exfoliating 2nd cleanse
just a plain herbal kind of smell
i love it as my morning cleanser
the cleanser is great at removing makeup!
but it has a strong herbal smell to it.
the problem is that i have to use the soap because the cleansing balm is so oily that my mild daily cleanser does not work
usually i need to moisturize immediately.
while it does remove waterproof eyeliner
mascara i prefer getting that off with a micellar water
then use the foaming cleanser to remove
this says it is a makeup remover
it keeps the oil at bay by deeply moisturizing my skin
this cleansing balm deserves a review
i'll say my go-to cleanser is tatcha's one step cleansing oil
day cream with spf20
rinsing will not remove the balm.
i've tried a lot of face cleansers
will continue to keep in my beauty regimen
massage this balm with a small amount of water for about a minute
the clinique cleansing balm
i didnt have to use a toner or moisturizer
moisturizer in one product
this is truly moisturizing
i usually use straight argan oil or sweet almond oil for my face because most conventional moisturizers don't cut it for me
this is not a foaming cleanser
followed up with my fresh soy cleanser
i already love my eve lom balm cleanser
this cleansing balm does not irritate my skin
this is the only balm that removes waterproof mascara without rubbing
my skin type is acne-prone
i don't use this for facial
my holy grail eye makeup remover for years!
i try new cleansers all the time
it's a great cleanser for massage
if i'm wearing a lot of makeup or a sunscreen i'll use my lancome bifacil first
takes off all makeup including waterproof mascara
the idea of a makeup remover
this cleanser is for those who really enjoy a pampering ritual at the end of the day
better than synthetic fragrances on my skin for sure
the eve lom cleansing balm
this is the most moisturizing cleanser i have ever tried
most cleansers strip skin of any moisture
i just used a washcloth
takes mascara and lipstick off very easy.
this cleanser does an amazing job at removing makeup
other balm/oil cleansers i've tried are emma hardie
i heart balm cleansers ;)
it is a cleansing balm/makeup remover which should be expected
massage it for about 20 minutes
my cleansing balm of choice was the eve lom
execution is everything w/these balm/oil type cleansers
clindamycin or minocycline at any given time
apply the washcloth to your face
you realize that is the moisturizing benefit
i've used several other balm cleansers
had had bad experiences from cleansing balms before
the thermal cleansing balm is one of my favorite cleansing balms ever
hydrating results for the best feeling skin before bedtime
thoroughly cleanse while hydrating my skin
with a few hormonal breakouts
this cleanser is amazing for this type of skin.
then i apply drugstore moisturizer
as my skin is combo
luxurious o the skin…just like the other eye creams i've used in this br
the genius cream after using this cleanser
got a sample size free in the kit with the retinol serum
the moisturizer isn't my thing
not nearly moisturizing enough
clean after using this cleanser
i like this cleanser.
this cleanser from the algenist line
i do prefer the foamy cleansers
it is ever so slightly exfoliating.
this facial cleanser lives up to it's name gentle rejuvenating cleanser
no added perfumes and i love the unscented scent.
after using this cleanser those pimples were gone
i tried going back to my lancome radiance cream-to-foam cleanser
i would definitely recommend you use another makeup remover first then cleanser with this creamy cleanser
i recommend this cleanser!
paraben free is a plus.
this cleanser is smooth
this gentle non foaming cleanser has anti aging benefits at a good price compare to others
i love this cleanser
i've tried other cleansers with it
mostly the soy cleanser from fresh
i love this cleanser!
do not love products filled with parabens
i love this cleanser
although this cleanser doesnt remove waterproof mascara 100% it pretty close toit
this cleanser removes makeup without that stinging or drying feeling some other makeup removing cleansers have
before with its moisturizer samples
it is a very good facial cleanser.
i typically love using an exfoliating face wash that is abrasive
i replaced my revaleskin cleanser with this
as with the exfoliant
this cleanser is no exception
already having hormonal issues with breakouts
i don't need an astringent/toner
the only thing i would like is if it left my skin a little more emollient
i am going to get a light moisturizer
i love this cleanser.
the lather created by this cleanser can only be described as luxurious
i love this cleanser i have sensitive acne prone skin
this cleanser cleans my skin without drying my skin
i will continue to use my lamer facial cleansing oil
i also use dr perricone nutritive cleanser every now
it is the first cleanser that actually removes my mascara also
bought this as part of a starter set b/c i wanted to try the algenist wrinkle serum
it's so gentle and moisturizing on your skin.
it even takes off waterproof lancôme mascara!
preps your skin for algenist serum perfectly...
i asked about a different cleanser/makeup remover
i decided to try the cleanser.
great anti aging lotion for combination skin
finally a moisturizer with antioxidants that quenches skin without causing breakouts
i love this moisturizer.
perfect to use under your daily sunscreen
this was the lotion i decided upon
the bottle keeps the lotion sanitary
this is a lotion-cream that lives up to it's hype
i've used the serum before
sort of like the scent of that awapuhi hairspray
effective the algenist regenerative anti-aging lotion is
regenerative anti-aging lotion goes on light under makeup
this lotion is super super lightweight
moisturizing lotion year round with no problems
i do wish that it had sunscreen
i tried the algenist lotion with sunscreen
use this as an overnight lotion instead of replenix retinol in summer
as a day moisturizer in winter
i recommend for combination skin.
now i used it as my everyday moisturizer.
this is the perfect amount of moisturization.
i recommend using it only at night since it exfoliates
a different lotion with at least spf 30 for daytime
this serum is great
this is my new go to summer moisturizer.
this lotion has turned my skin around!
i am 27, with combination skin.
combination skin because it contains anti-oxidants
this moisturizer is great for combination skin
i like that algenist doesn't use parabens in their products
i would recommend using the cream formula
i went back to the heavier moisturizer version of this regenerative anti-aging
instead of the lighter lotion formula
anti-aging lotion that gently hydrates for day or night
i mix one pump with my kate somerville retasphere 2 in 1 retinol moisturizer
i love this lotion
this product moisturizes without adding weight or an oily residue to my combination skin
i just started using this along with another serum
lotions worsen that condition
use this lotion mixed with the tiniest bit of clinique moisturizer
not the lotion -- the gel
i recently purchased this lotion with targeted age serum
it is moisturizing enough for my skin
love it very creamy, rich and moisturizing.
so finding a moisturizer has been a struggle.
i needed to exfoliate more
despite trying other night moisturizers
i don't have wrinkles
this restorative cream is very rich
i swear i've tried every moisturizer
overnight cream known to womankind
i wish they made a body moisturizer!
in comparison to other creams
i recommend this cream for any skin type.
it's super hydrating for a night cream
this is the only moisturizer that i have found to work
can treat my combination skin
it is definitely restorative overnight!
it doesn't seem to interfere with my occasional prescription retinoid
i would say this is a medium-weight moisturizer.
wrinkle damage repair serum during the day at the same time
i rotate the regen anti-age moisturizer
lift as my am moisturizer
lift is less moisturizing
that is until i gor a sample of algenist overnight restorative cream
i've also been using the serum
hyper pigmented skin over the past year
i put it on after my nighttime facial repertoire
it is formulated without parabens
this cream takes care of both
like it says over night restorative cream!!
my face was so try from using retin-a micro for acne
i put it on over my serum
yet still extremely moisturizing
i think its the vitamin c in the cream that does this
plus i want to get the serum
i also tend to have hormonal acne
it's a heavy duty moisturizer
i really like it, especially with the serum.
i pair it with the treatment enzyme peel
flaky with a regular moisturizer
it blends perfectly with my sunscreen
i tried coconut oil
even some medicated lotions to fix the issue
any lotion or toner i put on my skin it will sting
use this with my serum at night
a moisturizer that works all day.
i like to use this product in conjunction with acne medication in lieu of regular moisturizer
does a great job of moisturizing without adding oil
with my combination skin
i typically gravitate towards moisturizing or moisturizing with some other benefit
dior one essential masque
hydrates like no other!
in term of level of moisturizer
does improve the skin hydration
it is super moisturizing
this product is a gel substance rather than a cream
use it after exfoliating for about 10 minutes
it's moisturizing but not sticky.
i highly recommend the moisture bond vitalizing masque
especially if my $13 night cream does a lot better job of moisturizing my face
if it were unscented
its more like a milky serum
not it has added benefit of moisturizer
i usually buy my moisturizers from a drugstore so this was a stretch
bought it with the day time moisturizer.
i've used other clinique moisturizers in the past
just too moisturizing for my combination/oily skin
this cream helps with exfoliation
serum which i thought i would like
it isn't greasy feeling like some other moisturizers
i personally enjoy the fact that it is unscented
helps with my redness
i massage it into my skin every night after cleansing with my clarisonic
i recently added sunscreen
i know sunscreen is a must
mixing my facial moisturizer
sunscreen together dried out my face
for a cream like this.
i've tried at least 15 big name moisturizers
this moisturizer is a keeper
flaking even with strong moisturizers
in the morning use the lightweight oil free clinique moisturizer
it really makes a difference in my hyperpigmentation
it's like a moisturizing but exfoliating cream.
i went with the moisturizer instead of just the serum because my skin was super dry
i thoroughly enjoy this moisturizer!
has reduced the amount of exfoliation i have to do
i love it, it is my new go to night moisturizer.
moisturised after only one use
only applying very little of a acne treating moisturizer
my skin still looks great compared to using other night moisturizers
been in search for a new night moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer!!
this moisturizer does a great job at moisturizing my dry cheeks
also does a great job at moisturizing
can react to certain moisturizers
i've never been an at night moisturizing person because even the next day i could tell my skin was more oily
i love this moisturizer.
which prevents acne from this richer moisturizer
this is my new hg night moisturizer.
this hydrates my normal skin
while it hydrates your skin
i love this facial moisturizer!
this lotion will return my skin to normal overnight
i love that this moisturizer is oil-free for my combo oily skin
prone to breakout if i don't regularly exfoliate
i loved the exfoliating effect it had
my skin is combination.
others were not moisturizing enough
while i'm an acne-prone
decided on this moisturizer for night
because i am moisturizing i break out less
i've used clinique facial moisturizer for as long as i can remember
i love this moisturizer!
some other strong chemicals like potassium hydroxide
i don't like mineral oil
the serum felt thick
i skipped the tretinoin cream last night
just used this serum
i'd really like to continue using this serum
this is a gel like moisturizer that is very light
it is very moisturizing
this lotion is great for a humidity!
do use other moisturizers
it's my bedtime moisturizer
after using this lotion
the lotion is very light weight
after applying other face lotions
i like everything about this moisturizer
this lotion has become my go-to lotion.
i've tried tons of other moisturizers
i've tried many many moisturizers
actually moisturizers my skin all day
this lotion is super light
i just love this lotion
it works best under your normal spf moisturizer or spf foundation
this is definitely my go to makeup remover when i have eyelash extensions
i love micellar waters
or to clense oils in the morning
love the product concept of all in one cleanser for face
it even gets through waterproof mascara.
i love this cleanser!!!
this is one of my favorite makeup removing liquids
i love this cleansing water
i ordered this product thinking it was a foaming face cleanser
daily without trouble of rinsing with water
this is my holy grail micellar cleansing water.
gets my mascara off
hard to get off matte lipsticks
this is my go to eye makeup remover.
then wash with cleanser using clairisonic
after i wash with facial cleanser
i love that it is sulfate
i love this as a makeup remover
putting on my sunscreen
i love this makeup remover!
find that the cleanser lasts a long time
i think this is one of my favourite cleansing waters
it is a no-rinse formula
i apply my sephora moisturizer
a must have prior to my cleansing regimen.
i've also used other eye creams that are more moisturizing
i don't think it helped with my dark undereye circles in a non cosmetic way
this doesn't have the citrus scent like the moisturizer
very moisturizing to the eyes
the smell of the eye cream is not as good as the scrub cleanser or gel moisturizer
it's firming, cooling and super hydrating.
along with the moisturizer
lightweight morning eye cream
is great at moisturizing them
i've tried so many eye creams
this gel moisturizer was part of that set
this moisturizing gel has changed the game for me
i've used eye creams in the past
this is my holy grail eye cream.
a cream that hides the tiredness of daily life.
along with the ginzing moisturizer
this is the perfect daily eye cream as it is moisturizing
it helped with my concealer because i have dark circles
loving this new moisturizer!
it didn't make my concealer crease
especially under a light layer of under eye concealer
i recommend using with the gel moisturizer
that's what concealer is for
as soon as i started using it i could feel it moisturizing my skin
the cream is light weight
this eye cream is great at hydrating
even prepping the skin for concealer
i used this in combination with fab moisturizer
i found this cleanser which was ph balancing
i love this cleanser!
i still use my acne cleanser.
i also used origins ginzing moisturizer
i've used this with the original skin serum
i think this cleanser is great at cleaning my skin
your using this cleanser
great herbal lavender scent.
i love this cleanser.
some moisturizer will fix that
first aid beauty moisturizer
i love this skin cleanser.
i don't have rosacea
am prone to adult acne
i tried prescribed medication
after using up my boscia purifying cleansing gel
wears moisturizer throughout the day
i follow up with zero oil toner
ginseng moisturizer both from origins
maybe its because i follow with the toner?
this was the cleanser that was recommended for my skin
it is one of those cleansers that need extra rinsing
i love this cleanser.
we use a gentle cleansing formula at night
this cleanser has been so moisturizing for my combination skin
i typically wash my face thoroughly then apply the acne treatment gel
this cleanser is a miracle worker
as many facial products do on my skin
i reapplied it after cleaning my face that morning
i usually have hormonal breakouts during that time of the month
it help the inflammation
however i use it after i apply my farsali elixir
i'll use an overall acne treatment cream
definitely use a moisturizer under this
while it works wonders on acne spots
i found that if you exfoliate between uses
then i would apply my facial cream
that's the salicylic acid doing its job
i tried vitamin c for a year
i get hormonal cystic acne
birth control pills helped my acne a lot
moisturize at least twice a day
it works better than benzoyl peroxide
i also tried the clinique acne clearing gel
im very prone to hormonal acne specially when i got my period
that was the salicylic acid
find it's ok on my hormonal acne
it dries up any hormonal acne for me within days
moisturizers with salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide dry out my skin
i apply the gel at night
this acne treatment works well!
he mixes a dab of this gel with a bit of antibiotic cream
have always struggled with hormonal acne
almost herbal i would say.
color the morning after using the spot remover treatment
i would recommend this acne treatment if you don't want to get a prescription from a doctor
i've used tons of drugstore spot treatments
tried it for my hormonal acne
i'll never use another moisturizer.
adult acne sufferers with moderate breakouts
i take care of my skin
this is an amazing moisturizer.
i like this cream
i like plantscriptions with spf for my day time cream
in addition to my serums i've always been using
i love this moisturizer.
it helps hydrate overnight despite topicals i take to rid my skin of zits
and i love the creamy texture, very moisturizing.
this moisturizer is amazing!
i switched from clinique to this moisturizer
most of the other moisturizers clog my pores
love, love this moisturizer!
so decided to give this moisturizer a try in my search to find a less costly alternative to my clarins super restorative night cream
it was very moisturizing
i would buy this moisturizer just for its' scent.
i love this moisturizer its not to heavy
i love this moisturizer!
i tried all kinds of moisturizers and regimens.
while i agree that it is very moisturizing
the starting over is very emollient
night moisturizer for my combination skin
very moisturizing for both am
it is so moisturizing
of moisturizer i have ever used
not while using this moisturizer
i am in the process of finding a new daily moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
it is so moisturizing that it makes my makeup go on much easier
the consistency is very emollient which is perfect for my aging oily
pomegranate one on the way :
the ingredients are super
i love this moisturizer!
my face is dry so this intense blend is super moisturizing
this product is designed to go underneath moisturizer
well under my moisturizer
it wasn't like any other serum i have tried
it is very moisturizing
this is a great, everyday serum.
smells amazing, very moisturizing yet not greasy.
this serum works wonderfully
i've used this with the corresponding moisturizer
this serum made it disappear
i even bought the moisturizer in the same line with spf 35
i would recommend this serum to anyone who has dry skin
rew weil for origins® mega-bright skin tone correcting serum until i ran out recently
toner in the same line
the texture of the product is almost gel-like
it is very moisturizing
i don't know if it is the texture of the serum or the white tea or the bosweilla
this is the *only* non-prescription thing i have found to treat my eczema around the nose
i put it on before bedtime under my moisturizing cream
i tried treating with acne products
with sunscreen in the summer
plus some ginzing eye cream
this serum is a preventative treatment.
this serum feels amazing going on
i wanted to try some kind of serum for my skin
its also great as a light moisturizer or makeup primer
it also helps moisturizer, serums set in.
moisturizer while i sleep
i love how origins is paraben free and natural.
spa like scent may not be desirable if you have acne prone skin
i've used 2 bottles of ptr camu camu brightening moisturizer
the caudalie vine[activ] overnight detox night oil
ive tried a million different creams/night creams
after using this moisturizer
it moisturizes my skin
i recommend this night cream.
this is one of the best facial moisturizers for its price
tone my skin i apply my serums first
either a vitamin c or retinol
then my skin oils
needs getting used to especially if you're used to using unscented creams
i wear a makeup forever foundation that i like to blend with moisturizer
this facial cream worked so good!
i usually apply this after i've exfoliated
used with the ole henrikson vitamin c serum
even without the serum
this feels super moisturizing
its such a great moisturizer to use at night after a drying acne wash
this night cream works!!!
using my serum after my clarisonic
it is super hydrating
i love everything about this lotion.
i only ever wear mascara for makeup
i love this moisturizer.
after i use my foreo mini 2 to exfoliate
my lactic acid pads
i got this nighttime moisturizer as a sample
i stopped retinoids this spring
some pretty harsh medicated skin creams to get rid of some stubborn acne
it feels very moisturizing
i started using this after using a prescribed glycolic wash nightly for my skin
hydrates my skin by the morning
night creams are meant to be more moisturizing than day creams
like a drink of water for the skin
this is a great nighttime moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
i also love the antioxidant-rich aspect to fight environmental damage
i love this cleanser
my skin is combination
i've tried so many cleansers
it comes out like a gel
something about this cleanser makes me repurchase instead of my usual drug store cleanser
this cleanser smells so therapeutic
it's all natural ingredients
it's a great daily cleanser.
after only using acne cleansers loaded with either salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide for years i switched to this cleanser when i was pregnant to ditch those kind of ingredients
my skin loves this cleanser
i love that it's antiaging as well.
i pair it with the origins moisturizing treatment
moisturizing cleanser for my second step
this cleanser is also effective at removing tinted moisturizer
it was suggested to try this white tea cleanser
i don't mind the drying aspect of this cleanser though because i follow up with a serum almost immediately after
i love this cleanser!
it's my main face cleanser since i like organic / natural/ cruelty free product
best facial cleanser i've used
must use with another hyrdrating cleanser
i am having hormonal acne
as some cleansers do
i also bought the cream and toner!!
i love this cleanser!
the cleanser lathers well.
i found this cleanser refreshing
this cleanser is a good cleanser
i love this cleanser!
something with natural ingredients
i love this cleanser.
you must follow your cleansing with a moisturizer
as you should for any cleanser
it is now one of my favorite facial cleansers that i have tried
i do not really like the herb tea like scent of it as well as the design of the opening of the cleanser
the antioxidants makes it refreshing
i love this cleanser!
detoxifies without unwanted breakouts some purifying cleansers cause
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
i pair it with "a perfect world" moisturizer
i love that this dissolves silicone based foundation like no other cleanser i've used
impurities in my skin
i love this cleanser.
i tried treating with acne products
love the added benefit of the antioxidant protection
this removes all of my makeup including my waterproof eyeliner
i need to apply a moisturizer asap to avoid my skin flaking the next day
in terms of this cleanser
removes makeup easily (not waterproof mascara).
a perfect world antioxidant with white tea moisturizer so much
i tried this cleanser
this is a staple in my facial are regimen.
i love the antioxidants
repeating morning cleansing with the same cleanser
"balanced diet" moisturizer did wonders for my skin even with primer
i love this cleanser.
i found a cleanser that truly cleans without stripping my skin
i prefer a foamy cleanser
it helps detox my skin, and doesn't irritate.
also acne prone skin
can be fixed with applying moisturizer afterwards
chemical exfoliators on the market that claim to leave your complexion taught
prepare the skin for other treatments like serums or moisturizers
skin looks pure upon rinse.
follow up with my korres vitamin c rose oil
i got 10 uses out of the 1.7 oz bottle!
i did follow up with my normal moisturizing routine with marula oil
my rosacea is at bay
moisturize abundantly after use.
always follow with a moisturizer.
don't use my retin-a or exfoliating pads after this mask
they are easy to remove with mild exfoliation
i'll have the occasional hormonal pimple or two
this mask really helped purify my face
i've tried many eye creams
this eye cream is cooling
moisturizing without being too heavy
it is better than most otc eye creams out on the market
high-end eye creams
it keeps my undereye area so moisturizer
it also wears well under concealer for daytime.
'm using this more as a moisturizing product
thanks to the combination of this cream
i needed a product that would help hydrate the skin irritation under my eyes
i tried so many different moisture creams
i find it hydrating
hydrating, light and highly enriching cream!
swell to any other eye cream or moisturizer i've ever used
it is also great under concealer as it will make the makeup look less cakey
really helps hydrate my ocular area
some specifically for eczema have
eye doctors works great as a daytime moisturizer when you are going to be wearing concealer
nice and moisturizing, but light.
was the extra concealer the cause of the dryness?
no watering or redness
but moisturizing is all it does.
while i've tried other eye creams
it's a great basic all-rounder eye cream that hydrates
leaves my skin ready for concealer
because usually the result would be cakey from my experience with other moisturizers
steroid cream was the solution.
it moisturizes your eyes and lasts all day.
i love the hydrating properties of this eye cream
g make yourself youthful eye creams
only as a basic yet hydrating eye cream
then follow with the nars creamy concealer
all good eye moisturizers come in small amounts
moisturizing around my eyes
it have been soooo moisturizing for my eye areas
i've had a few eye creams
great hydrating eye cream.
all the eye creams i was using were targeted for anti aging
layer it under an anti wrinkle eye cream
non greasy and very moisturizing!
won't go near the eye area with my facial moisturizer
this is a great moisturizing eye cream
all i need is hydration
i go this because i couldn't use the ginzing one since i am sensitive to camomile
moisturizing- a nice first eye cream
i wear contact lenses
i tried benefit's eye cream
i do like this moisturizer
this eye cream was recommended
i put this on before my concealers
my concealers go on smoother
i also moisturize twice a day
i've tried countless other face cleansers
this cleanser is h
everyday particles as opposed to acne/skin oil
moisturizer for about 6 months
the only facial cleanser i can use.
is when i wear my shiseido facial sunscreen
use with zero oil purifying toner
this cleanser is perfect for my skin
it does work to help my acne
i love this cleanser!
the cleanser is so refreshing!
no moisturizer afterwards needed
this is the only cleanser
i paired his with the oil free toner
out of the dermatologist offices
the make a difference plus moisturizer
i love this cleanser!
oils without stripping my skin
removes all oil and sebum from the skin.
it reminds me of lifesaver gummies
honestly i normally buy drug store cleansers
i luv ole henrikson grapefruit red tea foaming cleanser as well as josie maran argan cleanser
use the toner as well .
blackheads since using this product with the oil-free moisturizer
this is my holy grail cleanser
clean after using this cleanser
it is a gel cleanser that has a slightly minty scent
an exfoliating mask twice a week in conjunction with this
i love using this cleanser
this product will work well as a gentle daily cleanser
i do use it in conjunction with the zero oil toner
this is a great cleanser for anyone who uses harsher products at night to control acne or oily skin
don't use this as a makeup remover
i think i'm going to look into purchasing the toner
this includes the cleanser
i ditched the harsh face exfoliant for this product
has pegs, but no parabens and phtalates.
moisturizer in this line
it does help with acne
not a miracle product for acne
in combination with the toner
which i found was hard with some acne cleansers
i've used cheap drugstore face washes all my life
this cleanser is designed for oily skin
hormonal acne-prone skin
i like this face wash because it's free of parabens
didn't contain salicylic acid
i love the consistency of the cleanser
i would definitely get the toner now.
the zero oil moisture lotion
then after toner/moisturizing i put on smashbox anti-shine
i love this cleanser.
moisturizing for my dry patches without making my oily areas look greasy
to the point where a makeup artist said i might need to spray water on my skin to help with the hydrating
i like to apply it just out of the shower while i do my hair/apply lotion
i found two youtube bloggers who both suggested this product as a must have while on isotretinoin
i ran out of my facial cleanser
i love it as a night time moisturizer
this is one of my favorite lotions for oily skin.
i cut it with a gentle toner
can also be applied as a moisturizer.
really moisturizing makes my skin look great
then yogurt face masks
the moisturizing feeling actually lasts a while on my face which is great
it comes out like a lotion
the daily moisturizer that i has been using
keeps on moisturizing all day
its good par priced hydrating mask,
this product does contain some fragrance oils
this mask hydrates my skin
used it as moisturizer
that i spent about 20minutes in the store smelling every moisturizing product until i found it
i followed it up with the origins mega-mushroom skin relief serum
its consistency is more like a lotion
i apply sunscreen 15 minutes after applying it.
the need for skin healing pronto
i'll never buy another moisturizing mask
great moisturizing mask for thirsty skin.
this mask hydrates my skin like a miracle
love this and the serum
a new moisturiser the consultant made me try a bit of another cream for daily moisturization
am always looking to hydrate my skin with either a moisturizer or mask
hydrating with no irritation.
were not nearly as moisturizing
need to be careful with moisturizers
drink up is very moisturizing
this mask is very moisturizing!
from the acne treatments i use overnight
i just use this as a moisturizer
i'd been on the hunt for a new moisturizer
after reading reviews i started using it as a nighttime moisturizer
this moisturizer pass that test
i'll never use another facial lotion!
figured i'd try the lotion
less heavy than my clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel
this moisturizer provides a lot of moisture to my skin
use this moisturizer in those areas
this product is a great buy for people with oily skin that need a moisturizer
this is the perfect moisturizer
i like this moisturizer
i love the origins moisturizer from the ginzing line
that one would have been my hg moisturizer
i didn't notice this moisturizer having any mattifying effects
it does have a medicinal scent to it
this moisturizer does just that
i plan on stocking up on this moisturizer.
finding a moisturizer that helps with oil is difficult because it is moisturizing your skin
switching to this moisturizer made all the difference for me
i'll try other lotions here
unlike other light lotions i've tried
if you use it with the facial cleanser
this moisturizer keeps me matte all day
the smell of this moisturizer is amazing
i will keep buying this lotion
helped a lot with acne / pimples
this lotion is lightweight
great for when i use my other serums
moisturizes the skin leaving it matte
decided to give this everyday face lotion a try
this is the only moisturizer i can use
decided to give this lotion a try
when combined with my topical acne treatments
which is a miracle for my skin.
the need for dermatologist prescribed creams
i adore this light weight moisturizer
this moisturize my skin better than others br
because it has salicylic acid i don't get as many blackheads
its the perfect moisturizer for my oily skin
most face moisturizers leave me oily
this moisturizer is amazing for oily skin!
cleanser from the zero oil line
i used clinique's moisturizing gel for a long time
decided to try the combo of this origins lotion with their checks
use a different moisturizer most nights
this is the only lotion he will wear.
my hormonal acne disappeared
this moisturizer hydrates my skin while keeping oil at bay
any product without artificial fragrance
mineral oil or lanolin is worth a shot
this is the perfect summer moisturizer for those with oily skin
before using this for a daily moisturizer i was using philosophy hope in a jar oil free
balances cleanser it is amazing
try this moisturizer, it's amazing
zero oil oil-free moisture lotion is the perfect daytime
summer moisturizer for oily
this facial moisturizer is great if you have oily skin
i kept getting breakouts from other moisturizers
i picked up this moisturizer for my combination skin
this lotion is completely lightweight
unfortunately i still suffer from hormonal-stress related acne on my chin
i broke out with 4 pimples after switching facial cleansers
i get hormonal acne on my chin every month
i get hormonal cystic acne
it helps me with my acne
suggest using an intense hydrating serum/lotion overnight
i wanted to try a mask with sulfur
it worked as well as the mario badescu drying lotion on me
i need to bump up my night cream with a serum after use
the only reason i broke out from their brightening moisturizer is from the caffeine
vitamin c in it
the anti aging cleanser is a gem as well
this contains zinc oxide
sulfur which are great for acne
a camphor that really helps soothe the skin
think mario badescu drying lotion
redness that make acne look
it is also preventative because it helps exfoliate
it is like a detox for your face
it gives me the hydration without using a creme.
i get hormonal breakouts quite a bit
i always have hormonal breakouts
i am acne prone
i would use it as a spot treatment on acne
wouldn't recommend this as a solution for blackheads
i've just been using the hydration gel
thinking why is she giving me hydrating gel when i just told her my skin was oily due to my acne medication
i used this morning at night after i cleanse with the detoxifying charcoal cleanser from boscia
no other moisturizer/cleanser combo helped
after just 2 uses of this moisturizer along with the detoxifying black cleanser
the konjac cleansing sponge -my skin is instantly better
i find more moisturizers break me out
do need to use another cream over some spots since this is a lighter moisturizer
that's almost half the amount of the $39 drink h2o moisturizer from tarte --
i've mostly stuck to drugstore moisturizers in my life
this moisturizes my skin without breaking it out.
good for the daytime, not as a night moisturizer.
this moisturizer is just gone
this hydration gel is amazing
i needed a new moisturizer
the hydration gel smoothed
a couple of others hoping that one of them would be my hg moisturizer
i love this gel moisturizer.
this moisturizer is very hydrating
a sephora associate recommended i try this boscia black hydration gel for my combination skin
this gel moisturizer is fantastic for my oily skin
this helps with the occasional dryness from the exfoliation of the retinoid
i put sunscreen on after application
i am acne prone
also very happy that there is vitamin c in it!
the black gel is so moisturizing
this is my current night time moisturizer.
this us the first moisturizer to not over our under moisturize my skin
often avoid lotions or creams because they make my skin more oily or break out
the hydration lasts all day
i don't find it to be moisturizing enough on its own
it's like water gel
this is a miracle product for people with acne
i love charcoal products for acne!!
i needed a light oil free gel for my adult acne prone skin
on-the-go hydration
i feel like this is more of a serum than an moisturizer
i can put on before i put on a tinted moisturizer
that is what my nightly serum is for
thing with this cream : my skin
as a moisturizer for acne-prone skin
it does it's job by moisturizing without being too heavy
even the moisturizer can't just be moisturizer
the boscia toner it does wonders for your skin
this moisturizer does everything it claims.
i love this moisturizer
gel moisturizers do not normally work for me
this moisturizer is a game changer
he has some acne so he uses the anthony glycolic facial cleanser
the revitalizing hydrating gel is my favorite product of all
i love origins plantscription anti-aging eye treatment
i need a product that moisturizers well
i've used a few eye creams
i've tried several origins eye creams
the origin's anti-aging eye cream
i don't notice that it helps the longevity of my concealer
it's not overly moisturizing
i've also tried their "starting over" mimosa eye cream
it is very moisturizing
this eye treatment is a great addition to my regimen
wrinkle-free my eye area is with concealer
this product works better than other retinol products i've tried
i've spent who knows how much money on eye creams to reduce puffiness
a liquid-feeling product though a light cream.
am happy with moisturizing under my eyes
cream gives good moisturizing
like all creams i think
i didn't change my diet or drink more water.
this eye cream is super moisturizing
i needed something to use during the day that works well under concealer
i like this eye treatment.
it is very moisturizing
this does a good job of moisturizing without irritation
some wrinkles/an aging baby boomer
have been having trouble finding an eye cream that is moisturizing
upon applying this cream
i find it is hydrating
in terms of moisturizing the eye area
it is moisturizing and lightweight.
it is very moisturizing and gentle.
hydrating around the eyes
i hate eye creams
cooling as well as moisturizing
i am considering trying its companion serum
the moisturizer one time daily
my hormonal acne was no longer raised
this serum instantly smoothes
this serum is quite liquidy
it does a great job of exfoliating
i will always use a serum from now on.
this serum is seriously a godsend for me!
after a glycolic acid toner
in the morning i use repairware lazer serum as it's really lightweight
even under my retinol in winter
at night i use a stronger retinol product
not over or under moisturizing
i don't use any moisturizer afterwards
this serum definitely st
it's a silicone based serum that supposed to exfoliate to make your skin glow
i wouldn't go as far as saying this is a miracle serum
go through a ton of this serum
best of all, the serum is fairly hydrating.
in the daytime, i never use it without sunscreen.
i used this serum along with the turnaround overnight moisturizer
since i've been using both the turnaround serum
turnaround revitalizing serum has done wonders for my skin
hormonal acne on my cheeks
this serum did give me brighter
it is a chemical exfoliant with salicylic acid
used this serum twice a day
put the matching moisturizer on after the serum absorbs
glycolic acid + retinol treatment by ptroth every pm
helps my moisturizer soak in
this with my dramatically different moisturizing gel
since i have started using this serum
i needed to replace a vitamin c skin booster that was discontinued
it is an oil-free serum
i will stick to my clinique repairwear serum instead
this serum is light weight
this serum is wonderful
use it under your moisturizer morning and night.
knew that i wanted to buy either the serum or a night cream for my skin
one of the sephora employees recommended the serum
it definitely works as a light exfoliant
i love this exfoliating serum.
i needed a essence for moisturization during winter
helps my moisturizer sink into my skin
i love this lotion
sometimes i use a moisturizer
the clinique turnaround radiance is incredibly moisturizing
definitely recommend this as a gentle yet effective exfoliating serum
this is an incrediable serum
was recommended by dermatologist
i like this serum.
i tried this after years of using clinique dramatically diff gel moisturizer
i always love that the clinique products are unscented
i don't even use a moisturizer after it
i used this serum along with the turnaround overnight moisturizer
since i've been using both the turnaround serum
it is my daily moisturizer day
have tried many different moisturizers
i would prefer it to have a scent than claim to be unscented
i alternate with treatment lotions like night masks
on nights i use retinol this is what i put over.
tried about 5 other moisturizers that were cheeper
i wear this over the dramatically different moisturizing cream every day
tried so many moisturizers over that time
i've had almost no breakouts this winter thanks to this moisturizer
i used facial essential oils
like a more emollient cream for winter months
it does have a kind of "chemically" scent
strong scents are a huge migraine trigger for me
it kind of has a peroxide type smell
this moisturizer worked great with my occasional very dry skin that developed with acne treatment
does give my skin plumpness
the textile is gel
this moisturizer is heaven on my skin .
this is the only moisturizer that gives that moisture after applying my retinoid
under lotion with spf
this is my absolute holy grail moisturizer.
some lotions are even drying for me
this is a very emollient
i've even layered 4 moisturizers in an effort to stop my skin flaking
my skin hates manual exfoliation
use after a enzymatic or chemical exfoliator helps my skin stay bouncy
i love this moisturizer.
it works so well i can finally stop using my moisturizing face mask as a moisturizer
meant to purchase the other moisture surge lotion
my dermatologist said my moisturizers should mention ceramides
under over my sunblock
this moisturizer is my absolute favourite
it's too moisturizing for me also that is why i broke our
this moisturizes better than most "hydrating" eye creams
it has a cream/gel consistency
knees that the derm believes are psoriasis
i cleanse my face
i heard about this moisturizer through research
i've used a ton of moisturizers on my oil
after being recommended this product by my derm
it is so moisturizing yet light-weight at the same time
you can use it as a mask or daytime moisturizer.
medicated creams from the dermatologist
i've tried a number of more expensive moisturizers
a heavier dose at night
it's got a whole assortment of humectants in addition to emollients
this serum is great for that.
unless demadoctor rectifies this i will be purchasing hyaluronic serum from another maker
my aesthetician recommended i begin using hyluronic acid/serum
i really like this serum
use it under my moisturizer
i've used many hylaronic serums before from kate sommerville quench to amore pacific hydrating serum
i decided to add a hyaluronic serum to my regimen
i spritz my face with evian spray
apply one pump of serum
the water step is important because hyaluronic acid/sodium hyaluronate can pull the moisture out of your skin if the air is very dry
this serum really does work
my skin care routine was missing a serum (duh!)
after using this serum for about a month
although i wore sunscreen daily
was about to purchase the murad pigment lightening serum
5 weeks of using it daily as an evening moisturizer
i strongly recommend this as it works as a moisturizer
in the winter i use this serum in the morning
the glycolic at night
this serum keeps my skin smooth and glowy.
i went in with my empty bottle of este lauder serum
replenish serum is a far better alternative to surgery
i utilize this serum twice daily on my forehead
the serum is well worth its weight in platinum!
this serum does not create acne
it is the perfect solution / serum for my expectations
i've had to change my lotion to compensate
so happy i can avoid botox now
i put shiseido's face cream on top of this serum
wanted to see what i could try to fix it topically first
unless i opt for botox
use a good moisturizer after this
this serum does as it claims.
i've bought this serum three times
i even used to get a bit of botox to lift my brows
i received this serum as part of the power house kit
i applied the serum to just one of my eyelid as directed
i do like that this serum absorbs into my skin versus feeling sticky
this serum dries fast and is not oily.
at my age was concerned about this serum being drying
you feel your eyelids to move when you pass this serum
this is my second bottle of this serum
with retinol for the orbital area
moisturize eyes at least once daily
after using this serum for 2 months
this serum makes the skin around my eyes so smooth
to put the serum on my brow bone
most eye products are creams
it's only lightly moisturizing
it makes me look like i had botox or an eyelid lift done well
my mother bought the acyl glutathione eye
this is my second bottle of acyl-gluthathione eye lid serum
light serum that can be used over the entire eye area
this serum really helps abolish them
it is not a moisturizer
i put a more moisturizing eye cream
over this at bedtime as it dries matte
nice light eye serum.recommend highly
all of which delivered a nice softening or moisturizing effect
does anyone know if my use of a moisturizer on top of this serum is hurting or helping the effectivness of this product?
i find that i have to put a moisturizing eye cream on top of this
this serum reverses time
good eye serum for the money you pay.
night under the hypoallergenic eye cream from this br
the product is a hydrating
perricone has another winner with acyl eye lid serum
when i first used the acyl glutathione eye serum
this serum does exactly what it says
follow with perricone md neuropeptide eye coutour treatment
acyl-glutathione face has changed the texture of my skin
i would love acyl-glutathione for the lips!
she then applied eyeshadow
explained this serum is an eyeshadow
i cannot stand heavy creams.
what a fabulous eye serum!!
hydrating the texture is perfect to layer with his other treatments
i needed a new face serum.
i've used ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster
t's do not age transforming pearl serum
so moisturizing without feeling oily.
it is pricier than other hydrating serums
moisturizes skin so foundation or bb or cc cream doesn't make my face all dry
after using this serum all lotion
i tried the oil version of this serum
this is my magic potion to keep my skin hydrated
the beauty advisor recommended i add this before the moisturizer as a "boost"
it pairs great with the oil free moisturizer
i tried this serum
works well under any moisturizer without pilling
that being said, this is a serum.
if your skin is flaking before use of this or any hydrating product you need to exfoliate your skin
try exfoliating with a chemical exfoliator
like alpha beta peel
then follow up with this serum
this is a great serum
i can place this anti aging serum everywhere
even when i layered it with another moisturizer
makeup goes on beautifully after this serum
i recommend it for any one who needs an oil free serum
even in florida summer makeup doesn't melt when layered over this serum
dry feeling like some retinol products
since i started using the kate somervile serum my skin has felt softer
first aid beauty has a great serum for your face
also don't use anything with parabens due to health concerns with those ingredients
this serum has great consistency
i get monthly hormonal pimples
this serum seemed to be perfect
i love this serum!
by applying it as my last serum it locks in the benefits of my other serums
i apply this serum right after i wash my face or get out of the shower
then follow with my moisturizer
acne-prone skin has been extremely dry this winter since being on medication for my hormonal acne
this is called a serum
i've used lightweight serums in the past
need a serum to prep my skin before moisturizer
it also has all the peptides that i need for my aging skin
i find that most serums
i actually just use this serum
layer my sunscreen over it
i've tried every moisturizer for my skin
although it is a serum
recommended to be paired with a moisturizer
quench hydrates my face
i really like this serum.
this serum really hydrated my face
who knows if its caused by the serum
i usually don't use serums in the am
under my daytime moisturizer
be sure you are purchasing the oil free hydrating serum
i am on antibiotics for my skin.
the guy recommended this serum
a little goes a long way with this serum
the somerville serum has the same positive effects in mu opinion
am using the serum as a preventative measure for wrinkles
i am a 21-year-old that gets hormonal/stress breakouts often
i also recommend drinking 3l to a gallon of water a day
another cleanser for a double cleanse
really detoxing the skin
this is my new go to facial cleanser
extra moisturizer might be needed.
i think the combination of the glycolic acid
since using this cleanser
since using this cleanser
i follow up with the boscia hydration black gel.
acne prone family can use
do usually use a moisturizer with any of my face washes
this cleanser calms it down
the detoxifying black cleanser is not the first product i’ve tried from boscia’s product line
my #1 go to for charcoal face cleanser!
suffering from hormonal break outs due to stopping the pill
not to mention the vitamin c in it to help with brightening
i am on my 5th bottle of this cleanser.
i will keep buying this cleanser.
these were not the normal hormonal breakouts
suffer from adult acne
no makeup remover needed for most of my products
thoroughly purified with the effects of pore lightening
this is my holy grail cleanser
it does help exfoliate and brighten.
can already it tell it is exfoliating
decided to purchase the cleanser to complement it
non-hormonal breakouts since
usually pair it with the soy face cleanser or korres greek yoghurt emulsion for a 2nd cleansing
this facial cleanser not only removes my makeup
it cleanses your face
of skin to treat my acne
i love this cleanser.
one quick spritz into one palm
before this one i as using algenist's anti-aging spf 20 moisturizer
wheni use this cream plus algenist facial oil my face is moisturized
it is very moisturizing
this is my "go to" firming and lifting cream.
this cream has a purpose.
if you need hydration, use a serum or oil before.
is extra moisturizing for dry skin
i tried other moisturizers
also love that is is paraben free!!
i can see it's helping with face contouring
wear it under dior pore minimizer
use it along with the serum
especially when it comes to moisturizers
it feels light like a near gel cream
heavier creme to totally moisturize at night
i do believe this cream has some firming properties
i put on my serum
my perricone moisturizer over it
i wish it were longer lasting from the moisturizing aspect
as i use other type of facial products
it is the best moisturizing product ever
training in facial massages helps to know how to make the most of these products
this cream does help with firmness
it almost works like a syringe filler.
moisturizing this makes my skin
not only is it very moisturizing without being heavy or greasy at all
probably because it contains retinol
even though it has fragrance in the ingredients
no acne or breakouts
it is so moisturizing
go on a retinol binge
t's retinol overnight resurfacing serum
this moisturizer really fixes it
vegetables to benefit facial skin
then added their serum for face
for all my skin care products
i immediately used it for this moisturizer
try everything including dr treatment moisturisers
it contains dimethicone which irritates my skin
it moisturizes well and smoothen the skin.
lifting eye gel for my husb
i also love that it's formulated without parabens
the matching algenist eye balm
my other sephora intensive moisturizer once a day
before that i tried many anti-aging creams
lifting cream as my daily moisturizer
serum texture that didn't make my skin oiler that it already is
no more prescription cream!
i like this lotion
if you need something more moisturizing
i mostly use moisturizing eye creams
still use a moisturizing cream as well as this
ok i'm not sure what is working because i'm using this plus verso super eye serum
this gel seems to be doing everything the cru was
i love this product because it is moisturizing
decided to try the gel
this gel lasts me all day
while i like to use something a bit more moisturizing for underneath my eyes
alpha hydroxy acids on my cheeks
lifting serum for about a year now
as i use algenist's eye cream
this serum seems to work well for me.
i can apply this at bedtime
i prefer a gel eye creams because they don't crease under my concealer
before bed i'll use their oernight restorative cream with this eye gel
the gel is lightweight
i like the gel
in attempt to trying out many eye cream/serums
because of the facial serum
hydrating throughout the day
when i use this eye gel
the firming gel works wonders and i use it daily.
this eye serum is just for de puffing not moisturizing
i love this under eye gel.
this has no hydration at all
it may be working or my diet
i do need to add a little extra moisturizing eye cream on top before i apply concealer because it does feel a bit on the drier side after application
another serum an the other eye
the cream is light
that's an effect i've only had previously with botox
less than with any other eye gels or creams i have used in the past
lifting eye gel a try
would like to try the daily firming cream
i've tried nearly every eye serum
cream on the shelf
best moisturizer for oily skin!
this moisturizer is not so "gel" that it doesn't moisturize
i've tried countless combos of moisturizers
otherwise it is an amazing moisturizer
i needed new moisturizer
i would suggest to the reviewer in ga that her chin break-out might just be hormones/menopause
i just love the smell of this moisturizer
compared to other moisturizers i've tried for oily skin this one is super light
i would recommend alternating to a different moisturizing occasionally because this product is very effective in tightening
continue searching for a better moisturizer
another thing is that as i'm researching moisturizers
it's a great moisturizer option for oily acne-prone skin
a heavy moisturizing day cream for my cheeks was ideal
an every day moisturizer?
this is supposed to be a pomegranate
i don't like this jar packaging for moisturizers though
because i wanted a light weight moisturizer
this moisturizer is a great gel-cream consistency provides great hydration
the girl asked me what i was using for moisturizing
was recommended this moisturizer
i went to get a moisturizer
moisturizers usually make me oily
all generic drugstore face creams make me break out
this also helps with moisturizing my face without adding extra oil
a much needed daily exfoliation for me
good oils in the ingredients
i used the pomegranate toner too.
normally i don't pick out moisturisers that have a smell
i layered it on my face for a nighttime moisturizer
this cream & toner completely changed my skin.
i would have to agree that this moisturizer is lightweight
gives the hydration of a heavy cream/moisturizer
i love this moisturizer
this is a great moisturizer that i use after i wash my face
i love this moisturizer!
it's not very moisturizing in the winter
i am normally a weleda iris face lotion user
moisturizing enough where my skin doesn't produce excess sebum to make up for lack of moisture
i love this moisturizer
i wish they had the same moisturizer with spf!
i find that when i use it with korres's pomegranate primer
this is a cream gel
it's full of antioxidants because of the pomegranate
salicylic acid to help clear some acne
this cream-gel moisturizer is wonderful.
i wanted to make korres my daytime moisturizer as well
have combination acne prone skin
not pomegranate as i expected
this moisturizer kept the dryness in check
i recommend it to anyone with acne
this moisturizer is perfect.
this is the first moisturizer that i've not developed an allergy to within half a bottle
hydrating properties of this moisturizer
it's definitely up there with the greek yogurt moisturizer
i really like the texture of this lotion.
i do use it in conjunction with the pomegranate toner which i like too
this is one of the only moisturizers i have found that has amazing ingredients
flaky at times because i'm on tretinoin cream
i love the feeling of this moisturizer on my face
i do find it too moisturizing during the summer
i just started using the toner with it
it does have more of a matte finish than other moisturizers i have used
the smell of this moisturizer is amazing!
this moisturizer has been a life saver
my skin is acne prone
obsessed with this moisturizer.
moisturizers that leave a matte finish leave me flaky
i habe struggled to find a moisturizer that helps balance my skin
this is the only moisturizer i need am
this moisturizer is light weight
i only wish it was unscented.
i love this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer checks all the boxes
i did not think it was moisturizing enough
i already use the greek yoghurt night facial
apply this gel moisturizer first
which i've encountered with other moisturizers
searching for the right type of moisturizer
it's the only moisturizer i use!
fell in love with this moisturizer
this is the only moisturizer that calms my rosacea
it moisturizes your skin at the same time
the spf 25 is a plus!
highly moisturizing without being greasy.
bb xtra repair moisturizing balm does just the trick
bobbie brown's extra products are the most moisturizing i have found
one time i got the extra repair moisturizing balm without the spf
i hope bobbi brown never stop making this extra repair moisturizing balm
this moisturizer has saved my bacon
i won't use any other moisturizer.
i don't apply it like a regular moisturizer.
it is so moisturizing and nourishing.
it helps moisturize my dry skin
this balm is the thickest moisturizer i think i have ever had
when i use different moisturizers
very few otc moisturizers available on the market that contains the proper ratio of cholesterol
it's a super moisturizer that works well under makeup
when i use this balm
i am a moisturizer addict
that is prone to acne
this serum did wonders
any heavy moisturizers/creams would make them exponentially worse if i used them at bedtime
i still use that in my nightly regimen- a few drops mixed into a serum
i apply this over all my skin care treatments
moisturizer right bed bed
i used clinique acne toner
i can never use the dramatically dif moisturizing lotion bec it would break me out
this cream is lightweight
even with my rosacea
then i use a hydrating day cream
i cleanse with micellar water
ed with strong anti-wrinkle creams or clay masks
also using the 24 hr moisturizer
this moisturizing sleeping mask is fantastic!
so i loved the yogurt versions of this.
these two packed a power punch of vitamin c my skin needed
i'd rather just use my belif aqua bomb moisturizer
can also be used as a daytime moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
this lotion is for you
it is so moisturizing
at first i was worried about it being too emollient heavy on my combo/acne-prone skin
firstly i have olive skin which tans
i previously used the murad brightening serum
it is super moisturizing as well
smells like laundry detergent rose.
almost done using this very moisturizing didnt notice brightening effect
i love this for an every other night moisturizer.
because i use this at bedtime
without makeup on it looks like i have a glowy primer or moisturizer on
note: i accidentally posted this review over on the wild rose moisturizing
vitamin c have proven to be good products for my dry
i’ve found that those 2 ingredients have helped to hydrate
i swear by this cleanser.
following it with a gentle foaming cleanser
i hate the idea of scooping balms from a tub
i then moisturize for the night
then i use my clarisonic with my purity cleanser
this cleansing balm is amazing!
the balm texture allows me to do a bit of facial massage
it's like a cleansing milk
i love the cleansing balm.
i love this cleanser
of course ren doesn't put petrolatum in any products
didn't make my contacts as cloudy as other balm cleansers
it feels very emollient
it comes with a washcloth.
i look forward to using this cleansing balm
i love that it does not have mineral oil or parabens as well
very gentle to remove waterproof mascara
i got combination skin
wanted to try it as it says it removes waterproof mascara
cleanser takes off all makeup, even eye makeup.
shows it isn't loaded with preservatives
it cleans my skin better than so many cleansers/balms i've tried
i swear i've used dozens of cleansing oils
this cleansing balm works.
even the simplest formulas in face cleansers would make my skin red
this balm is so creamy and moisturizing.
this is the most hydrating calming cleanser
i would recommend a gentle cleanser
clarifying cleanser for my combination skin
it's the only cleansing balm i've tried
this was my first cleansing balm
i got the holiday set with a daily moisturizer.
i love this cleanser.
when i first used this cleansing balm
what i like about ren's rosa centiflolia cleansing balm is the ease of use
i like using it to massage my face
adding a bit of water turns the product to a milky lotion texture
to massage my facial skin
i will absolutely consider ren's cleansing balm to be in my morning beauty ritual from now on
money putting my serum
moisturizers on at night
cleansers that stripped the moisture
unlike some oil or cream cleansing methods i have used
prone to acne skin type
i stopped needing to use my toner
this is the first cleansing balm i use
i prefer using cleansing balm to remove makeup
this balm is a great alternative to oil moisturizers
i love getting to massage my face every time i apply this cleanser
purchased the cleansing balm based on reviews
if your toner is picking anything up after cleansing with this
i used my shisedo toner afterwards
yes that included waterproof mascara
this is quite a difference facial cleaning experience
s as a pretreatment before the h
i first tried the argan oil facewash
using the balm on your h
while you rinse it becomes a milk
i look at this cleansing balm as almost a treatment in a way
this cleanser is the holy grail of cleansers!
rinse well w water
this cleanser gets 6 stars from me.
i follow it up with rose o12 serum
although product description states it removes waterproof mascara
i've now converted after 3 or 4 tubs later from using perricone nutritive cleanser
i love cleansing balms
i apply to dry skin and massage in.
hydrates even after i wash
i love this cleansing balm.
after hearing so much hype about cleansing balms
read her blog if you are new to cleansing balms beautymouth
i really love this cleansing balm.
i love cleansing balms
ren purity cleansing balm works fine
it just feels like your lathering chemicals into your skin
i know some makeup removing cleansers leave that sort of p
this is product combines makeup remover
love this cleansing balm!
i really enjoy using this cleansing balm.
i love balm cleanser
i tried every product from clinique to prescribed treatments
after a visit at sephora the sales associate recommended this ren cleansing balm
i love this cleanser.
this is the first cleansing balm i've tried.
the part about conditioning your lashes is true.
i've never tried a cleansing balm before
almost like applying lipgloss to your face
i apply it every night after cleansing with the gentle cleanser
then apply the framboos serum
i first discovered this spray at the ks salon near me
have oily\combo skin that is acne prone
had a "facial treatment" from the kate somerville rep
her cytocell dermal energizing treatment
it's not a traditional moisturizer
i absolutely loooooo the dermal quench because it hydrated my skin instantly
then apply the kate summerville vitamin serum
a unique blend of oxygenated-formula perfect for dry or normal dermis
ideal for mixing with your existing moisturizer
more moisturized than in previous attempts with serums alone
immediate effect on my skin--almost comparable to botox on the forehead
i think the mineral base is more purifying.
decided to splurge on this serum
i can say it is hydrating
i love the herbal-basal leaf smell
one is advanced wrinkling
this serum is so hydrating
think this serum is amazing
retinol instead of retinyl palmitate
the correction pads, eye cream and night cream.
this serum is serious.
some creams make untrue claims
it is expensive, but much cheaper than botox.
ptr un-wrinkle turbo face serum is a great product
i moisturize on top of it with whichever moisturizer my skin needs that day
if you've ever used vitamin e oil
immediately after moisturizing my skin has felt dry
a light moisturizer is fine for the summer months
to treat my face at night with a heavy duty moisturizer
i find it to be one of the only moisturizers hydrating enough for my super dry skin
use it in the morning after applying toner
with nothing to cover up the smell of the ingredients you will get a medicinal smell
i started with this moisturizer for under $100
i noticed that i had a few applications left of my ole henriksen truth advanced moisturizing cream
as far as moisturizing this is a great cream
the creme is lightweight
i found this creme when i decided to switch from a day moisturizer
to using a separate sunscreen moisturizer as my daily ritual because my skin is combination
it seems the more emollient they get
most moisturizers make me too oily
i love the truth serum
pair this with the serum
it isn't as citrusy or refreshing as the truth serum
i received this moisturizer in a trial pack of three products
now my go-to moisturizer.
this is the only moisturizer i use now!
it's a great hydrating cream with treatment
the vitamin c benefits in it make my natural skin glow
i also use the truth serum under this
this is my absolute favorite night time moisturizer when not using my retinol night cream
i also use this during the day over the truth serum in place of my sunscreen if i know i'm not going outside
i love this moisturizer!
natural when i applied it over this moisturizer
goes on extremely smooth, and is moisturizing.
i apply this over the truth serum
sun spots from tanning in a bed
with the eye creme
maybe if paired with a vitamin c serum it could
i always used drugstore moisturizers
i added a few drops of argan oil to this too at night which was amazing for a nighttime moisturizer
fell in love with the vitamin c serum because it didn't clog
s down miles better that the vitamin plus or sheer transformation
now i am using "truth serum collagen booster"
"truth creme advanced hydration"
this moisturizer actually brightens my skin
this is my daily go-to skin cream.
i consider this my "summer moisturizer".
used with the serum
i like how it moisturizes and firms my skin.
this is a great face lotion for hydration.
especially after i apply on the truth serum from this line
use this creme as a night time moisturizer
packs a big punch for a lightweight moisturizer
this is my go-to nighttime moisturizer.
i started using it because of the vitamin c content
i don't know exactly how much vitamin c is in it
can use this with different serums at night
this cream is lighter than most moisturizers i'm used to
this is my stand-by moisturizer.
i also use the truth serum.
this creme is a standard on my cosmetics list.
i like the texture of this moisturizer
ncludes the truth serum
use with the serum for best results.
along with the truth serum
the use this cream
and the vitamin c doesn't hurt either.
this moisturizer is light
my skin has always responded well to vitamin c
this cream moisturizes well
i love this moisturizer.
i tried this truth creme and my skin drank it up.
since i began using prescription retinol my current moisturizer was not cutting it
because proactive is drying i needed something moisturizing
after over use of acne prevention products
this is now my staple moisturizer
i just started using this crème
i also use the eye crème
it smells like vitamin c
i know this is about the face crème
eye crème are fine
face crème are great for hydration
and the serum is the bomb.
i get both migraines
these organic ingredients also work well as a natural bug repellant
much safer than deet
keep my bb creams or tinted moisturizes to actually stay on my face the whole day
after trying all sorts of crazy headache remedies for my chronic migraines
massage therapist turned me on to this.
the formula is of a gel consistency
so you have to use a mattifying primer
this serum doesn't completely control shine
the mattifying serum in the morning before makeup
the umbrian clay lotion at night after cleansing
for acne spot treatments i rotate between bare minerals powder acne treatment
clinique clinical spot treatment
this serum isn't overly drying or harsh.
this serum is a must for anyone who lives in a humid client that leaves you with the shine
i will continue to purchase this serum.
rather than your typical silicone-like serum
this serum is a really awesome boost under my daily moisturizer
helps to extract the blackheads
keep oils off your skin
the serum truly made a difference
this serum has reduced the size of the pores on my nose
the stuff that cured my adult acne
i found it to be a great alternative to my regular serum
though i love my yonka serum
no silicones which break me out
it's a great balanced moisturizing product that i couldn't live without in the winter
by the way... it is not the best smelling serum.
made my tinted moisturizer look better on my skin
along with fresh's clay moisturizer
i put it on as soon as i spray on toner
it hydrate my skin immediately
this will help detox the skin
i just use this serum
spf under my makeup
this serum works for me
this serum keeps my skin feeling clean
the serum doesn't react with my makeup
teamed it up with the fresh face lotion
i tried a lot of moisturizers before this one
as for the gel
it is greatly moisturizing
can work as a serum under other moisturizers
i smooth on a little laura mercier flawless skin sunscreen after i put on the moisturizer
i wear it after a glycolic peel to calm my skin
i just use a good moisturizer after
waterproof sensitive eye cleanser
moisturizing serum to go along with this because it wasn't moisturizing at all
i used this one after the night serum without adding any layer of moisturizer since this one thick enough
milk cooling gel as well
this eye balm is super cooling
hydrating all at once
helps with my puffiness
i got this product because during allergy season i get puffy eyes-
not many eye gels
gels are more for younger women.
the eye creams have many more ingredients in
i feel the menthol sensation & use serum after .
this balm is perfect: cooling
it contains peptides for dark circles
pairs well with caudalie beauty elixir or evian facial spray for a real cool down
(use the spray after using the boscia balm).
this is a cooling balm
i got this balm for puffiness.
i apply this cooling eye balm
a la allergic reaction size
it is a night cream
the sales lady told me this extra-firming cream is very moisturizing
she used the super restorative
i love this moisturizer.
i need a richer moisturizer
in need of a good moisturizing moisturizer that is also able to provide firmness for the skin
this moisturizer deff provides both.
so happy i decided to invest in this lightweight moisturizing lotion
it is my go to moisturizer
found the most amazing moisturizer
i got this eye creme
this moisturizer is pricy.
this is a great light moisturizer with an all day hydrating effect
i am a hardcore user of the cleansing balm
every time i applied a moisturizer after i used the balm
this moisturizer hydrates while controlling sebum production
the top 5 ingredients were all silicones
this moisturizer in particular is great for those with combination to oily skin
it's light, but moisturizing and illuminating.
which includes the cleansing balm
had terrible allergy reaction
the reason i don't give it 5 stars is that the moisturizing effect is superficial
plus this strong herbal smell that puts me off.
i still found this very moisturizing!
this moisturizer does exactly what it stated it hydrates
have tried the rejuvenating night cream
the radiance renewal serum
this is amazingly moisturizing
don't find the need for concealer
mixed with my moisturizer this gets the job done
the rejuvenating night cream as part of my nightly skin routine
i used it while i have allergy reaction
my skin needs a facial to look its best
it was a facial in a bottle.
moisturizing with this stuff has made it possible to skip the extra steps of priming
toss on a little tinted sunscreen
omorovicza has an illuminating moisturizer that is supposed to work as a daytime hydrator for skin types across the board
citrus scent similar to the thermal cleansing balm
i also get that hint of cherry because it contains acerola which is a barbadoes cherry extract it is high in vitamin c im so glad it is not perfume smelling alot of high end moisturizer just have perfume in them
another ingreident in this yeast extract
it kills bacteria and smells like a spa retreat.
i love this cleansing foam.
it works very well with omorovicza's gentle buffing cleanser for those of us who need a facial scrub
i don't use waterproof makeup
if you wear waterproof mascara
eyeliner i would recommend the thermal cleansing balm in the same line
this cleanser is super simple
have used various foam cleansers
addition to this amazing performance as a daily cleanser
half of other foam cleansers
i started with the thermal balm
a potent antioxidant naturally gives the product its pretty blue color
it is a chemical sunscreen
i've stopped using all chemical sunscreen products
going for physical sunscreen products
it is a good product if you do not mind that it is chemical sunscreen
it replaces my moisturizer in the morning
it gets more dry since i use benzoyl peroxide cream
this as my moisturizer
like most sunscreens i've tried
with all of my acne pigmentation
t contains their patented brightener
it isn't as potent as the serum
it's a good dose for indoor light exposure
i like this lotion
i wanted light weight moisturizer that's not oily
i needed a lotion that's light w an spf
nice lightweight moisturizer which has spf 20 .
eb serum for 1 year
i would recommend this lotion to someone who oily skin
i like that it's a lightweight day time moisturizer
i've had a few laser treatments
i like this moisturizer.
the turnarond overnight moisturizer at night
i add philosophy's vitamin c powder to it which makes my face glow
it's a challenge finding an oil-free moisturizer with sun protection that is also hydrating
so i applaud clinique for this moisturizer.
i chose the lotion because it has a pump dispenser which is more hygienic
i find it moisturizing while keeping the oil at bay throughout the day
moisturizing without irritating my skin
when using the corrector you must use a lotion that has spf
unfortunately since i have oily skin i have always used the moisturizing gel lotion from clinique that does not have spf
i don't think i will love anything as much as the dramatically different moisturizing gel
clinique offers a cream instead of a lotion which is richer
with kiehl's super fluid mineral defense sunscreen
have great moisturizing results without making my face look oily
i pair this with the kate somerville dermaquench retinol lift at night
i pair this with the fresh soy face cleanser as my night routine after the shower
essential oils were poison to my skin.
soothing to the skin, hydrating.
before my daily moisturizer
i again use it over my prescription retinol at night
a tip from my dermatologist he recommend antioxidants or glycolic acid along with spf all the time
a non retinol eye cream to start combating aging
i would compare the smell to oil of oregano.
i mix it with elta md spf 40 sunscreen
it smells like essential oils to me.
works well daytime moisturizer cream
it just plain 'boosts' my serums
by mixing it in moisturizer
flaky skin with hormonal breakouts
increased hydration to my skin
i apply my nighttime serum
reapply moisturizer twice every morning
this is one of the best facial oils out there for normal to dry skin
i don't wear makeup daily
this is supposed to be very hydrating with all kind of oils in the ingredient list
it's winter i'll add 1-2 drops to my moisturizer
in the pm after moisturizing i'll pat in 3 drops over my face
not only does this moisturizes my skin
my search for a hydration oil has ended!
2-3 drops mixed in with my moisturizer
like oregano or italian herbs with natural oil scent
it helps my mom's wrinkles and it helped my acne!
which is kind of like oregano
packed with vitamins for the skin leaving soft
i've looked for over a decade for a moisturizer that was free of fillers
from lotions to creams to asian emulsions
one pump of hyaluronic acid serum
any hormonal or food-related acne i get heals remarkably quicker
compared to other facial oils i've used from sephora
i tried so different eye creams
this serum is amazing!!!
despite applying liberally sunscreen all over my body
i love skin oils
josie maran spf face cream
i finally did dietary things to figure out my balance
oils are often an additive
then gently rub on my personal favorite clinique's moisturizing face lotion
in combination with a topical prescription from my dermatologist has made all the difference--- finally
due to its blend of oils containing omegas 3
not like coconut/argan oil
black cumin seed oil is scientifically proven to have potent anti irritant properties
my skin loves this moisturizer!
it's a lightweight oil moisturizer
grapeseed oil + grapefruit
great for dry combo skin and acne!
disclaimer: i have mild rosacea
i mix it daily with the cashmere spf
experience no irritation from the retinol
this is a great moisturizing oil.
i normally use a great camomile based oil by the br
lightweight but very moisturizing.
if i need extra moisture during the day i add 1-2 drops to my day moisturizer
i've never used an oil as moisturizer
i am prone to hormonal breakouts
any good serum product is worth its weight in gold
this oil has a really good blend of beneficial anti-oxidant ingredients
i like rodial stem cell superfood facial oil better
it hydrates my skin
even though i exfoliate regularly with a clarisonic
i do keep two other serums on h
i will definitely keep this serum in my rotation.
i mix it with the good genes creme
alternate with the bionic creme
so has my acne
great moisturizing lipid based serum
this oil gives me the kind of intense moisturizing that i was missing out on from creams
it does have an intense herbal scent
i like to put one pump of the serum on my palm
then layer the skin care treatments
was given a topical steroid etc
i tried a glycolic acid combo
the oil contains retinoids.
this serum has the perfect consistency
as you massage it into your skin
wrinkles come from dehydration
layer on hourglass' mineral primer spf 15
i love the formulation
this serum is lightweight
this gentle chemical exfoliant really works.
i experienced some hormonal breakouts
stress or hormonal acne
redness my skin has from years of bad hormonal acne
with the combination of acne solutions by clinique
the ceo moisturizer have made his skin look more even
acne prone skin- we both use this
you always have to pair it with a moisturizer
i began searching for product that would chemically exfoliate for smoothness
if you're practicing a simple regimen of cleanse
licorice extract repair skin
i follow up with algenist pressed serum
acne prone with some hormonal redness
no amount of physical exfoliating worked.
i also use it in conjunction with martian toner
gave me a facial in the store
it even helped with some hyperpigmentation
it wears great under my moisturizer and makeup.
but this is amazing, i use it as a night serum.
alternate it with ren's glycol lactic mask
exfoliation is a key need with anti aging skin care
definitely not as pleasant as the ceo serum
i've spent the last year trying every type of exfoliant acid
now it is my most used chemical exfoliant
this product works miracles on my pores.
the order is like a very sour yogurt.
then slather some more of this treatment
my mom has aging acne prone skin
is moisturized enough to absorb the retinol
make sure you use it in conjunction with a good facial oil or nighttime moisturizer
hormonal acne prone skin
now that my skin is use to the lactic acid
at night i layer this gg serum over the de marula oil
it exfoliates my skin overnight
which is the star ingredient in herbivore's blue tansy mask
if blue tansy isn't a good ingredient for you
i also do a daily lemon peel
you have to use another moisturizer or a hydrating oil before good genes to keep your skin plump
anything with lactic acid i love
i've used many masks, creams, etc.
good genes is an amazing leave on lactic acid treatment that leaves your skin glowing
depending if i exfoliate or not
i struggle with adult acne
it goes on like a moisturizer
instead of using acne products to treat my skin
this is literally a miracle serum.
the sample size worked wonders for my hormonal-adult-acne-ridden skin
i tried the drunk elephant tlc serum with minimal results
seemingly my skin worked up to receiving that amount of lactic acid
hormonal areas such as my chin
a great gentle daily cleanser!
since this says "clay cleanser"
sunday riley's ceramic slip clay cleanser is a skin cleanser
for me is an aromatherapy bonus that makes the experience everything one could hope for in a cleansing ritual
of course it won't exfoliate or remove makeup
"find a cleaner for acne
this cleanser has done wonders for my skin
as well as hyperpigmentation
i do remove my makeup with a makeup remover before using this cleanser
had been cleansing my skin with cetaphil
this cleanser is my jam.
takes off all your makeup- including waterproof mascara
with how much i spend at the dermatologist on my rosacea
except my hormonal acne that i didn't expect this to touch
i love how this cleanser left my skin.
a summary: i have acne-prone, combination skin.
then using the cleanser
sometimes i use with tatcha rice enzyme powder
am allergic to many skin care prodcuts
i will say i like that it has neroli
it is more of a gel texture
my skin is sensitive to natural ingredients like essential oils
my skin looks brighter with the vitamin c
i love this cleanser.
cannot be around perfume
i order this cleanser durning the vib sale.
none of those prescription meds work for me
i decided to try this cleanser out
follow it with their water toner
the other acne prone cleansers stripped my skin of it's natural oils which is why i'd constantly deal with oil slicks no matter what matte lotions
this in combination with the melting gel toner
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser is a game changer.
i love this cleanser.
the texture of the cleanser is gel like.
t exfoliates my skin before i put on makeup
since using the sr clay cleanser
this is my must have morning cleanser.
i feel the serum penetrating deeper now since i've been using this cleanser
10/10 would recommend for people with acne
i know it started with the cleanser
inexpensive cleansers in an effort to find a cleaner that helped with my occasional breakouts/cysts
by the time you add the serum
this is my day cream
night cream after serums
this cream does fill in wrinkles
when clinique d/c their wonderful anti-gravity cream they replaced it with the terrible zero-gravity cream that felt more like a lotion filled with retinol
now clinique is back with this intense moisturizing uplifting
ren retinoid oil was recommend at a sephora skin iq class i was in after
this retinoids oil works wonder
it is wonderfully moisturizing
while it says retinoid
do not worry about having the effects of a rx retinoid
it is nothing like a rx retinol
i've tried a bunch of different retinoids
i do my routine of cleansing and toning.
then i put about 4 drops of the ren retinoid oil on my face
sensitive skin that still needs exfoliating
this oil is a miracle for my skin.
i am in love with the bio retinoid anti-wrinkle oil
is an extracted oil known to contain a significant amount of vitamin a derivatives that are converted in the same metabolic process as retinoid
bio-retinoid since it is plant-based
fine line/pigmentation correction
so the claim of "bio retinoid" is ridiculous
as just a general moisturizing/serum oil this stuff rocks
my day regimene uses spf
with overall sub-dermal congestion
a friend suggested that i try a retinoid
ironically due to the neostrata glycolic acid cream i was using as an exfoliant after having to discontinue prescription retinol
i don't follow with a moisturizer at night
can't speak for that aspect of this serum
all of the retinoids are naturally derived
i love the way the bio retinoid anti-aging concentrate makes my skin feel
this is heavy duty hydration.
moisturizing while still delivering the typical anti-wrinkle results i have come to expect
i've tried other retinol products
top it of with a moisturizer
i call it nature's version of retinol
to use it between my serum
wrinkles this is not the cure
the firming serum is great
i've tried all sorts of serums
a vitamin c serum in the morning
i also started using a derma roller
i apply my moisturizer in the am
also a daily product with peptides
line fillers in the day
this product is a filler/primer
is meant to go on after your moisturizer
the only makeup i applied after was a mineral face powder
put it on after serum
from raising my brows to apply mascara
my skin is acne prone
for a moisturizer it does the trick
i will use the fab moisturizer as well
only put this moisturizer on in my tzone
apply my regular night moisturizer afterwards
this product does moisturizes your skin
this is a great exfoliant to use at night since it's also moisturizing
this moisturizer has a gel-like consistency
this is a salicylic acid product
any hormonal acne that i do get is definitely less severe
it is also very moisturizing
everyone knows you need to use benzyl peroxide with an sa product to eliminate acne
use benzoyl peroxide at night
didn't moisturize at all
i decided to try this moisturizer/treatment
bonus that it's also a moisturizer
wanted something to revive my skin in colder months while using prescription retinol
it works on my acne
this moisturizer is lightweight and effective.
this really is a oil-free acne treatment for all skin type
the 1% salicylic acid keeps my acne
plus spot treatment with a benzoyl peroxide product
needed something that would help moisturize my face
just whiteheads that i wash with a good cleanser
this lotion is a great treatment
great moisturizer + acne treatment.
love the 1% salicylic acid
so this is moisturizing enough for me most of the time
i prefer this in the summer when i like a lighter moisturizer
its a great moisturizer and good acne lotion.
most moisturizers make my combination skin super oily
have to resort to some other moisturizer
the product is very moisturizing for me
caudalie for my night cream
this moisturizer is great for my oily acne prone skin
this is my go to daily moisturizer!
simultaneously moisturize my skin
this is such a great acne moisturizer for me!
lotion in the morning
after sampling several different acne moisturizers
even prescription oral meds from my doctor didn't help the condition
with all of the benefits of acne treatment/moisturizing
i currently use this as my night moisturizer.
put on my day moisturizer
follow it with ddf's 5% benzoyl peroxide
then trader joe's spf 15 oil free moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
i honestly thought it was more moisturizing than the two i mentioned above
really nice exfoliator and moisturizer.
it is a gentle bha exfoliator that can be used on sensitive skin
the salicylic acid products seem to help
compliment my prescription rosacea treatment
the moisturizer is good
i love the antioxidants for the skin in here
ii use it daily as an acne-treatment/moisturizer
most facial moisturizers that also treat acne tend to dry out my combination skin
i then need to have an additional moisturizer to combat that dryness
i find this moisturizer/acne treatment to be true to its word about delivering breathable hydration
i would say this might be the best moisturizer for acne-prone skin
or under a sunscreen because its so light
the rest of the philosophy acne treatment line
sometimes i apply it under my moisturizer
this was recommended to me with the cleanser.
am on an oral acne medicine so for my skin it worked well
usually acne creams dry my skin
this moisturizer is amazing i've obsessed with moisturizer
this moisturizer hydrated my skin
i will never use another moisturizer!
i spotted their intensive instant moisturizer + cream
i love this moisturizer it melt in skin
this moisturizer saved it
i love this skin cream.
it is so light and moisturizing.
that being said, i love this moisturizer!
works well layered with vitamin c
was previously using chanel hydra beauty creme
i love this moisturizer
there are other face creams that are even more moisturizing
this moisturizer works for me
so allergic reactions as i've had with other moisturizers
i like this moisturizer a lot.
i fell in love with this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer!
the sent of this moisturizer are light
this is my new holy grail moisturizer.
my new hg moisturizer.
no drug store products were quite as moisturizing as this
the cream moisturizers very well
i just had a feeling it would be really moisturizing
the price is great compared to most sephora moisturizers
i love to use this as a night cream for my combination skin
i supper with atopic dermatitis
this is the only moisturizer that hydrates my skin without being greasy
feels since i started using this moisturizer
ed by beauty routine to include some very pricey serums
i used the regular instant moisturizer this winter
more emollient feeling to my face
i love this sephora moisturizer!
it does a great job of moisturizing all day
very moisturizing and not oily.
i love this moisturizer.
thinking it would be an intense moisturizer
after changing moisturizers to this one
i love this moisturizer.
i started with the regular moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
can pair it with a serum
i love this moisturizer!!!!
even if you have oil skin, moisturize!
i love this moisturizer!
i decided to buy sephora instant moisturizer
i tried the original version of this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
helps with puffiness and is very moisturizing.
they aren't really moisturizing, but that's okay.
i do like this gel eye mask.
does a great job of moisturizing
it contain hyaluronic acid which plumps the wrinkles around your eyes
gel like mask before
i just combine it with another product for a mini pamper session
i didn't find them hydrating at all.
during allergy season or after tears or partying
using this product in conjunction with my clinique rollerball undereye product made a difference
i still apply concealer
hydrating the eye area
that it works without any serums or lotions
i still like it as an after-facial treat
i am assuming reformulation?
for me the acne
although it feels more like a serum
then i use a water-based moisturizer over top
combine this serum into a good skin care routine am
serums as well as being on antibiotics for months
would still get hormonal breakouts
this works better than the erythromycin gel that my doctor prescribed me
benzoyl peroxide is a great way to get rid of you're acne
my derm prescribed two months of doxycycline to help it clear
i knew i had to get product with glycolic acid
i definitely would recommend a good moisturizing lotion on top
keeps me exfoliating overnight!
moisturize as well to avoid drying
i got this product with the ptr acne fighting kit
although i love the cleansers that came with that kit
only use at bedtime
sulfur masque in conjunction with the gel
it also serves as a preventative acne gel.
on top of moisturizing it's a great topical i use before my moisturizers
it is a perfect combo to treat acne
it works well for me when combined with the unwrinkle serum
the added unwrinkle serum really helps to add moisture when using this product
gentle than any other acne treatment i've used
i also use all the ptr acne products.
ptr acne clearing gel is the absolute best
this was the holy grail for my acne prone skin.
the aloe in it also makes sure your skin isn't irritated
then acnefree terminator 10 benzoyl peroxide cream just once a day before i do my makeup
it has even helped with hyperpigmentation
murad discontinued the exfoliating blemishtreatment gel
not many products have glycolic as well as salicylic acid
i would say this product is more like a treatment serum than moisturizer
i also use the retinal pm from ptr
did not get rid of the little bumps on my forehead like an intense glycolic acid serum would
since the aha is an exfoliating kind of agent
this may be a great serum
its not for hormonal acne
i used murad post-acne lightening gel before this ptr
apply after shu uemura cleanser
the 2% salicylic acid is a dream
it may tingle the first time since this is an intensive aha serum
oil free moisturizer with spf as part of your daily routine
add the pumpkin enzyme scrub to your routine
i really like the texture of this sunblock
the ptr gentle cleansing pads
the glycolic is great for antiaging
let me start by saying that i have moderate persistent acne that i have treated with almost everything from dapsone to retinoids
from apple cider vinegar
i am so thrilled that the salesperson recommended this product for my hormonal-nodular acne
and i have combo skin, and acne scars.
or severity of my acne
even helped with hormonal acne.
i dont have to use a moisturizer on top
i definitely recommend this as an acne treatment.
sunspots from years of summertime sun exposure
lots of anti-acne products
my skin is dehydrated due to anti-acne treatment
this moisturizer provides enough hydration my skin needs
i also just bought the ptr acne spot treatment today
i started using this moisturizer on top of the max correction pads morning
night after i cleanse
the only moisturizer i trust with my acne-prone skin
it reminds me strongly of medicated vaseline.
this is my go to moisturizer!
still moisturizing enough for life in arizona
my new and one and only daily moisturizer.
has salicylic acid in it
i never use nicer pricier moisturizers
this moisturizer is life-changing.
i can barely use moisturizer
since you should still be moisturizing
my only complaint would be the smell- its like antibacterial soap
my new holy grail moisturizer
perfect for those of us that use retinoids
i love this moisturizer.
i finally found the perfect moisturizer for my combo skin
this is all i need in the morning after cleansing my face with ptr rose stem cell cleanser
protect my skin with antioxidants
it is the ideal moisturizer for combination skin in the summer
really good moisturizer for oily acne prone skin.
this is a perfect moisturizer for oily acne prone skin
i found this moisturizer which is perfect for my combination/oily skin
calms any redness due to my rosacea
this gel moisturizer is non greasy
is the perfect combination of moisturizing that is both soothing
i've tried dozens of oil free moisturizer
this time i got the lotion
hooked on this moisturizer
the best facial lotion i have tried!
i like having a facial moisturizer that doesn't have sunscreen for times when i just want a little something
and then i'll layer it with sunscreen.
ni used to use ddf ultra lite moisturizing dew
moisturizing on my sensitive skin
yet moisturizes her skin that is prone to dryness
i switch off some days with the ptr acne clearing gel
this is the perfect morning lotion!
it is so moisturizing
with adult acne prone skin
the moisturizer i was using before this one was ddf ultra lite oil free moisturizing dew
perfect for acne prone skin/combo skin!!
can be used with a acne regimen
am therefore forced to use products to control it: salicylic acid cleansers
i've tried a few different oil-free moisturizers
most oil-free moisturizers have a gel consistency
this is more of a lotion than a gel
moisturizers my skin without leaving it greasy.
this moisturizer is amazing!
provides enough moisture to sooth my skin after using ptr's beta hydroxy acid wash which can be very drying
this moisturizer is light weight
spells sterile as in fragrance free
put this moisturizer on every morning
apply my bare essentials powder foundation
i am using it in combination with the gentle foaming facial cleanser
told me to buy this moisturizer after i wash my face
also this is the perfect moisturizer to apply under your makeup
any pimples are from my poor diet
i love this moisturizer.
this is a great oil free moisturizer
also soothes skin post retinol
this is a great oil-free moisturizer!
nothing compares to this product line for anti-aging or blemish treatments
helps mild cases of skin inflammation or redness.
etc" moisturizers i try make me break out
well, i found my hg moisturizer.
it does moisturize my face
this moisturizer is perfect for combination
i like this moisturizer.
this moisturizer actually changed the texture of my skin
when i put on my clinique moisturizing gel
my face used to turn beet red because of its sensitivity to most moisturizers
i just love this moisturizer.
moisturizer i will use
i tried the ptr acne kit
it's gentle on the skin and very moisturizing.
try the anti-wrinkle eye cream.
and the anti-wrinkle night cream is superb.
thought the glycolic one would help to keep skin looking renewed
i really like the moisturizer
use other prt eye creams to help with
i love this moisturizer.
good to use in conjunction with any glycolic or salicylic acid cleansers
i found i like using the ptr 10% glycolic moistuizer at night to give me a daytime glow too
this moisturizer works well to combat dry spots that harsh acne medication can give you
i tried using revision oil-free hydrating serum
this is good in a way coz it gives you vitamin a
while delivering it's good moisturizing
it is definitely my favorite facial moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer.
im hoping this moisturizer with the spf will work just as well
this is my daily moisturizer.
light moisturizer that actually moisturizes
this moisturizer is very light weight
i even wear a 30spf over the moisturizer
this moisturizer is very light
which is usually the problem with oil-free lotions
this product works great on my skin because it's not only super moisturizing
i personally think that this moisturizer combined with a primer
i only need concealer
error with clinique moisturizers
i really love that this lotion mattes my skin
this moisturizer would be amazing
this is the only moisturizer that is both lightweight
my skin is matte after this creme
my skin is matte after this creme
now i use this stay matte hydrator
the best matifying product is lancome pure focus matifying moisturizing lotion which is no longer available
the clinique pore refining solutions stay-mate hydrator is the closest product to lancôme matifying lotion
even when i use sunscreen
it would be great if it had sunscreen
i apply before my moisturizer
put on moisturizer in the morning
i've gone through quite a few c serums
never used anything with vitamin c before
would prep my skin with cleansing
spray with evian water
i then followed with moisturizers
vitamin c is absorbed more readily in a fat soluble formula
also because many products with vitamin c cause me to break out in little bumps
this product however has a stabilized fat soluble base
wear a light sunscreen during the day :
the high potency evening repair with retinol
i think philosophy's vitamin c powder helped.
even better than my rx retinol
except for maybe a moisturizer
firming cream to use every night
other creams may have vitamin c
dr perricone's vitamin c esther 15 leaves skin soft
other creams may have c
first time any vitamin c worked for me.
this vita c ester is so soft on your skin
this is by far my favorite vitamin c product.
great for its antioxidant properties as well.
my skin is combo
i am also using the 4 hypoallergenic products.
the vitamin c is at 15% which is extremely high for an over the counter product
my skin is looking really good since using vit c ester 15
retin a nightly to correct skin pigmentation
after using the ester c creme for 10 consecutive evenings the improvement in my skin was very noticeable
i am usually running out of serum
if you are in my position with the hyperpigmentation
potions that do nothing
i just got perricone md vitamin c ester
hyper pigmentation from aging
vitamin c ester 15 is my saving grace!
perricone's vitamin c ester 15 available at sephora now
i love that the vitamin c is an ester form
say "no" it's the vitamin c ester 15 by dr perricone
with this new vitamin c ester 15 ‘good’ just got a whole lot better
i decided to try vitamin c ester from perriconemd
i decided to spend the $120 on the new vitamin c ester 15 serum
you refresh your beautiful self with 3 fraxel restore laser or fillers
get old sunscreen off pollution stress aggressors off from the day
exfoliant skin once a week if dry / oily twice week
i also massage face everyday !
i asked the sales associate for a mask that is moisturizing
i love this serum
use it under the moisturizing sorbet
this serum is like no other.
since it is a serum
i really like this serum
this serum goes on thin
it's a great serum to incorporate both day
this serum does provide hydration to sensitive skin
one of two serums i use daily.
under my regular moisturizer
this serum is perfect for all skin types.
the treatments i was using for my acne really dried out my skin
then i tried this serum in one of the value kits caudalie puts out
this serum is so soothing
my skin is so very dry and this serum is amazing.
very hydrating after a toner
edly converted me to caudalie moisturizers
oils that i use in conjuction with this product
this serum is the best one i would say
this is the first serum i have tried
i find that in order to get better results to help with any dryness i use the caudalie vinosource intense moisture rescue cream before this serum
this serum deserves all the praise it receives.
i am in love with this serum.
before my oils/serums
hydrating when i put it on
this light weight serum is amazing
this serum is amazing
(i didn't use any topical ointments.)
i don't think this is medicinal
my go to cleanser is still purity by philosophy
i apply this serum afterwards
top my skin off with caudalie's vinosource riche moisturizer
works well with moisturizers
red skin caused by a combination of overuse of a topical acne medication
i needed a daily antioxidant-rich serum to wear underneath sunscreen that wouldn't inflame my skin further
a pea-sized drop of this serum is enough for my face
i put on the serum in the morning followed by a facial oil for extra moisturizing then sunscreen
i liked this serum.
this serum saves me from a winter of scaly skin
in addition to spf moisturizer
my skin does great with the serum + spf moisturizer
this serum is a must have.
this serum is perfect to keep your skin healthy
its a lovely serum which totally hydrates.
this product is super hydrating
combined with vinosource moisturizing sorbet
even though i have tried other serums
i've never tried any other serums
this serum is life!!
because it is a very light serum
this is like a drink of water for my skin
i apply this serum every morning
at night i layer moisturizer over it
it's a really good hydrating serum
for its price i think it's a good hydrating serum
this serum is amazing.
this serum feels amazing
i've also been wanting to add a serum to my skin routine
she recommend this serum to apply before i use my moisturizer
i used it in conjunction with the caudalie moisture sorbet
i love this caudalie serum- my skin routine was missing something
have been using this serum for 4 years.
it's so smooth and moisturizing.
i tried multiple serums
despite saying they are hypoallergenic
excellent moisturizing serum with nice scent.
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone with oily to combo skin even though this product claims it to be an oil free serum
may not use it during summer as this is quite heavy duty moisturizing serum
i find when i use this serum my skin is less oily because it is hydrated
this serum soaks right into the skin right after applying it
which i then follow with a moisturizer
really like this serum
ar 50ml packaging that most drugstore serums/ moisturizers come in
this serum was the star of the show
will continue to look for a hydrating serum to put on after toner
prior to moisturizing during winter months
after i apply the serum
a more intense serum at night
this serum is oil free
serums have always been to oily
i love this serum.
this serum is great.
a large part of that had to do with this amazing serum
i love to use this serum during the winter time for an extra boost
i like to switch serums depending on the season
this serum has transformed my skin!
i will never stop buying this serum!
ncluded the grape water spray
this serum is really hydrating
3 pumps after i am done cleansing
this serum is light
pm after cleansing with lancôme creme radiant toning with kiehls calendula toner then i apply this serum
top off with a moisturizer
i used by itself or mix it with other serum.
more hydrating while compare to the sorbet cream
yet moisturizing feeling of this serum
this is a very nice serum and hydrates well.
if you're very oily i would even replace my moisturizer with the serum
i usually applied the serum before my origin mega-mushroom one
this serum is amazing!
layers of lotion without success
this in combination with the vino source moisturizer did the trick
although the firming serum is amazing
this is my favorite serum!
due to her acne skin care products
i really like this serum.
i added it to my regimen for the winter
i love this serum!!
i still need moisturizer on top
i love this serum.
this serum is incredibly light and moisturizing.
this serum is the only hydrating product that i can confidently say won't cause breakouts
this is a hydrating serum
this serum is surprisingly light
i feel like it just increases the absorption of the moisturizer afterwards
prefer with the serum
i only use a pump of serum
this serum paired with the moisturizing sorbet delivers serous moisture without leaving my face sticky or greasy
using this serum has softened
the bottles do come with a pump/mist spray
the oil sprays out
it is highly moisturizing
it's pretty amazing at moisturizing
adding a spritz or two of this oil really ramps up my every day body lotion to another level
ii also have the spray fragrance because i love the scent so much
i wish it came in a lotion or body cream as well.
this has replaced my morning facial moisturizer
great for moisturizing on the go or last minute before going out
after post-shower moisturizing
especially after shaving or waxing
when i don't want to wear a spray fragrance
it has a light sent that i use with my lotion everyday
if you don't like scented moisturizers or oil's
condition my dry keratin
like to layer oil then lotion
or leave in conditioner for my hair
i spritz a few sprays onto my h
use the extra to moisturize the backs of my h
hydrating on my face
the perume as my daily fragrance i wish there's lotion
t isn't incredibly moisturizing
now only use this oil to moisturize
applying it after shower
has a high concentration of resveratrol.
very moisturizing without being greasy.
i usually mix it in with my moisturizer
lotions in between before repurchasing this oil
helps keep it shiny and controls frizz!
for years i've tried under eye creams
tea tree oil as a moisturizer
it also moisturizers your skin.
a mix of an exclusive sun tan lotion
i recently began mixing it with my inexpensive body moisturizer
ion on my skin
like that it is a spray
it has a pump spray
still leaves my skin feeling emollient
ts not really an anti-frizz
i used argon oil
none had moisturizing quality as this one does
the oil seems moisturizing because it will get rid of flakes
the oil is moisturizing
it's lightweight, moisturizing, and non-greasy.
i tend to use it at night after a bath or shower
had no parabens or sulfates
i've mixed it with my face moisturizer
i started using this oil as a nighttime moisturizer
i also use a tiny bit to smooth things out during the day if the frizz starts to return
i would use it if it were unscented
use it instead of perfumes
it is very moisturizing and non greasy.
parabens i will definitely be reording
like the equivalent to a microdermabrasion session
eczema all over my body including my face
i like to use it in winter for its moisturizing properties
i pair it with the ultra repair lotion.
eczema on his face
it soothes my psoriasis
favorite way to use is after a detoxifying mask.
have tried all the prescription creams for it
even my dermatologist recommended to continue
recommend using a good moisturizer afterwards
i used this mask after an allergic reaction to a face cream
i find myself using this mask after i use any glycolic acid pads
or even an exfoliating scrub
moisturizing product to use after you have exfoliated your face
get a cheaper 'dupe' of another really moisturizing
more hydrated than if i had used a moisturizer alone
this is the best hydrating mask i've tried!
it has a slight medicinal scent
oatmeal works so well as an ingredient
not overboard like other hydrating masks
calmed the irritation while moisturizing my skin
my skin is acne prone
is soothing on my icky pms-y hormonal days
the moisturizing not greasy feeling of the product was wonderful
it does have a slight exfoliation with the oatmeal in it
leaving it on like a moisturizer
this is my first moisturizing mask
could use a light exfoliation
ceteryl alcohol in the formula
these are both fatty alcohols most commonly derived from coconut or palm oil that act as humectants
use topical acne medication like retina which can be harsh on my face
this is a great moisturizing for only skin!!!
i broke out with hives from a medication allergy
i get eczema on my face when i consume products with milk
my skin is so much soother
not the mostt moisturizing cream i've had
i love this moisturizer
i wear it under my tinted moisturizer/ foundation
none of moisturizer keep my face matte in more than 4 hours
like any other mattifying product
i love this moisturizer.
works like a charm even without serum.
i love this moisturizer.
this is a great moisturizer for oily skin.
t seems to be pretty moisturizing
this mattifying moisturizer last for hours.
it is very moisturizing
tackiness left behind by my serum
still feels like it's moisturizing
or as a base for powders
so when i use most moisturizers
i layer it over caudalie vinosource sos serum
i love this moisturizer!
the coverfx mattifying bb cream
this lotion is genuinely moisturizing
this moisturizer is perfect for combination or oily skin
most moisturizers break me out
after trying a lot of mattifying primers
i've tried plenty of oil-free moisturizers
one pump of amore pacific rejuvenating serum
this is just moisturizing enough
when i pair this product with an spf 30 sunscreen
moisturizers without the oiliness.
with any other moisturizer
my favorite daytime moisturizer
t makes it a little bit expensive for a moisturizing that not have any anti-aging properties
it is important to moisturize before using this
this moisturizer works wonders
this moisturizer is super lightweight
s thirst quenching serum under the fluid
i recently try this moisturizer
however, it could be slightly more moisturizing.
i do love this moisturizer.
still moisturize at the same time
i love this moisturizer.
i don't use a moisturizer with it
the caudalie sorbet moisturizer for night
i like this moisturizer!
lightweight texture of this moisturizer
i usually use boscia's black gel moisturizer
the only reason i am docking it 1 star is because it was not moisturizing enough for my face during the winter
it was my moisturizer
i wouldn't recommend this as a winter moisturizer because it isn't hydrating enough
when paired with an intense night time moisturizer routine
this is a great daily moisturizer for combination oily skin
this moisturizer is supposedly for combination skin
i traded this in for the riche intense moisturizer also by caudalie
caudalie's vinosource moisturizing matifying fluid still feels like -something- on my skin
it has no parabens
this lotion helps control my oily skin
i've used this as my daily facial moisturizer for years
this cream works well as a night cream for me.
after years of trying tons of moisturizers with no results
i first tried the caudalie sorbet moisturizer
its so moisturizing without being to heavy or greasy
i prefer the scent of this to the other caudalie moisturizers
which i was moisturizing with a light oil
using topical acne medications that dry my skin out
dehydrated skin loves this intensive moisturizer
coconut oil every night with the perricone eye cream 2x per day
using this moisturizer eliminated the afternoon shine
this cream is for you.
i am 62 and need the hydration.
use the sorbet as an all over the face moisturizer
with this face cream
i took off my makeup with bareminerals purifying cleanser
applied bareminerals active cell renewal serum
i also reallllly suggest the vinosource quenching sorbet cream
this moisturizer saved my skin!
all of the popular moisturizers out there
it is not as moisturizing as this one
this cream is a great moisturizer for dry
i pair this with the quenching serum
it truly is moisturizing without being heavy
since then i've had to switch up the cleanser as it wasn't quite moisturizing enough
this moisturizer my skin is normal again
i started using more moisturizers
this is the moisturizer i started using
this product moisturizes the under-eye area like nobody's business
i've tried samples of other eye creams
i don't need concealer at all
normally i use concealer to cover it up
that this is not a concealer
it is described as a hydrating cream
the cool applicator helps combat morning puffiness
to me it was just as a concealer
yesterday i had migraine
i still use concealer afterward
with or without concealer
to keep it from creasing + moisturize etc
don't add additional concealer
alot of under eye creams
works well under my concealer
this is very moisturizing
i still have to use concealer
this is a great base for concealer
i found this eye cream to be moisturizing
i find myself needing less concealer
it isn't a substitute for my makeup/concealer/eye cream
i'd pretty much written off any creams/serums/etc
all morning cosmetics should use the same applicator
its got concealer in it
its either the placebo effect or a miracle product
then to add the concealer, etc.
just remember to use concealer or under eye tinted color with this product
while also helping my undereye concealer go on smoother
i can use less concealer now
his face look better after one week used this serum
used a skin moisturizer on top of it
it goes beyond the average hydrating serum for me
i love using this as a hydrator after doing a chemical peel or a deeply detoxifying facial treatment
this stuff is more moisturizing
apply it before my moisturizer
helped with hydrating my skin
among other products i use retinol
hydrates my sensitive skin
its not too greasy but so moisturizing.
this hydrates my skin
like to mix 1-2 drops in with my moisturizer
use it prior to moisturizing
serums that are on the market
not only is it healing my eczema
i put 2 drops in with my favourite moisturizer
i even mix it in with my body moisturizer
love this product- i actually combine it with my moisturizer
i mix 3-4 drops with my fab ultra repair cream every night after washing
it is definitely moisturizing
i mix 5 drops with my night moisturizer
2 drops with my day moisturizer
the sephora expert offered me a free facial
this oil was part of my facial
other times i'll mix a few drops with a few drops of vitamin e oil
i looove this moisturizing oil.
i only put 4/5 because it doesn't do as well as moisturizing creams under makeup for me
at night with the clinique creme
even when i would exfoliate
every moisturizer i find has ingredients that will cause me to break out
for me, there is no worse spice than fenugreek.
plays well with other serums
i just add a few drops to my moisturizer
i love the types of oils
will definitely repurchase to mix with my night moisturizer
this is moisturizing more than anything else.
the face oil cleanser a try
now i add it to my nighttime moisturizer
using this in addition to my regular moisturizer
i mix 2-3 drops at night with my first aid beauty moisturizer
the cleanser doesnt make me peel
i love the hydrating night cream
i add 3 drops into my belif moisturizer at night.
after doing some research i started adding oils to my skin care routine
this is highly moisturizing
every night i use it over my psoriasis
blackheads with some products
have had to use medical grade ointments
creams for my face in the past
this oil is super hydrating
bought this to mix with my moisturizer at night.
i add a few drops to my moisturizer
there is some fragrance added to this oil
i like mixing it with my moisturizer
for night i mix it with my night moisturizer for an extra boost of hydration
haven't noticed any moisturizing effects
i love this oil is moisturizing on the skin
i also love this is has healing properties to help with acne
i mixed three drops of this in with a dallop of my moisturizer
some provide light hydration
it is hydrating without causing any breakouts.
hydrates my skin without giving an 'oily' effect
i mix this with my josie maran argan oil
cannot act alone as a moisturizer
please restock the 0.5oz glass jar!
i've tried a bunch of facial oils
i mix in 1-2 drops with my moisturizer
no more breakouts that i usually got from other facial oils
i mix a few drops into a serum at night
with a moisturizer during the day
have acne prone skin
as i am allergic to grapeseed oil
maybe the people that did break out were also allergic to grapeseed oil
this is just a gorgeous moisturizing oil!
perricone's vitamin c ester cream which did the trick over a period of a month or so
this year i have paired the alpha beta's with this serum
i hate the feel of moisturizer on my skin
the combination of the ferulic acid is a beauty
serum for about a year now
the serum originally came with these little scratchy pads for application
s is not as effective because the serum needs to be rubbed below the skin's surface
the serum should come with more of the pads that don't absorb the liquid
this serum is wonderful.
fine lines/prevention this is the serum for you
i recommend the first aid beauty facial radiance pads as the best toner to use before this
even after wearing sunscreen religiously
this is a great serum
first i cleanse face
i still habitually use sunscreen
use weekly skin bleaching treatments
but this serum is amazing!
i've tried many vitamin c serums.
i could care less about pigmentation
still i wanted a powerful antioxidant/retinol product in my routine
i cleanse am/pm
i wanted a powerhouse preventative to layer under my regular regimen of anti-aging
nightly use under moisturizer cleared my acne completely
retinol solution to help fade hormonal melasma hyperpigmentation on my forehead
that is normal when starting any retinol treatment
it makes retinol less effective
need to lighten up on moisturizer
i am on retin a for acne
i also find it moisturizing
almost everything is moisturizing
best retinol serum on the market.
this serum is perfect for evening skin tone
i expected that of a retinol
it's my first retinol
moisture winner after trying 10 different eye creams or serums meant for what i call "lazylids
what is it?skin rx vitamin c.b.e.
ferulic + serum is a comprehensive antioxidant super serum that takes advantage of each of the unique antioxidant delivery methods
chemical interactions to combat oxidative stress
retinol on its own can drying
guess i'll save money on botox
i do let it sit for a bit prior to moisturizing.
this seems to be a form of rosacea.
my serum then moisturizer
then the brightening solution followed by the anti-aging moisturizer
i am 51 with combination skin
a gentle vehicle for adding retinol to your routine
this serum cleared my skin
i tried vitamin e serum
it is great paired with the vitamin c brightening serum
i am on my third bottle of this amazing retinol
's retinol which resulted in dryness
i've tried just about every non-hydroquinone product on the market
dermatologists say that retinol is the key anit-aging ingredient to be using
a serum w/ a dropper makes that easy
remember to exfoliate in the morning after using
i also use the eye serum which i find amazing!
a tinted moisturizer or bb do the trick now.
5 oz bottle of this which i received as a vib rouge point reward
on this serum i decided to give it a go
with continued use of this serum it is about 75% lighter
the serum itself is very lightweight
my skins has more of a glow since purchasing this serum
dermatologists recommend that you pair three ingredients to improve your skin
it exfoliates that quckly
as a scientist i know that retinoids are one of the few skin products that really work
i've used prescription retinoids in the past
the vita c ester at night
always as a cream formula
it's cheaper than prescribed meds i've tried with none of the skin flaking
redness or tightness i typically get with retinoids
ferulic triple correction eye serum
or refill pads for sale
please sell refill pads.
i've used a lot less concealer since
started breaking out in hormonal cystic acne
not 100% effective with cystic acne
use it as a makeup primer on days i wear makeup
murad time release acne wash
in combination with my salicylic acid wash
i've recommended this product to every one of my acne prone friends
it's one of those hormonal
bronners peppermint soap followed by clinique's acne toner
decided to get a more moisturizing lotion
anything that will help with my hormonal acne
oxy with 5% benzoyl peroxide
my skindinavia primer spray on top
i've tried every product for acne
as a masque at night
it feels similar to how milk of magnesia feels as a primer
tried everything from prescriptions to lasers
daily facial peels from the same line
it takes longer to get rid of hormonal acne
i don't put moisturizer on the area
first i cleanse with a product my dermatologist recommended that uses natural volcanic sulfur called joseph skincare sulfur soap then i apply dr
dennis gross clarifying mask after 5 mins i apply joeseof skincare sulfur drying lotion 6
the harsh salicylic acid products
i don’t want to use harsh acne cleansers or spot treatments for fear that it will dry out my skin
it's all i buy from the moisturizer
as long as you're not allergic to sulfur
or the clinique gel
the mask reduces redness and inflammation.
i also use kat von d's oil-prevention setting spray
under my daily makeup as a mattifying primer
usually when my diet goes off track
nothing can cure acne immediately
especially when it's caused by diet
have been experiencing adult hormonal acne after going off oral contraceptives
i've found that sulfur does wonders on my skin
benzoyl peroxide destroyed my skin.
salicylic acid was great in my teens
sulfur seems to work for my "adult" skin
because i've been using their moisturizer
use it as a spot treatment for pimples
le the large amounts of glycolic
salicylic acid featured in most spot treatments like those by murad
consistently battle hormonal/stress acne not only on my face
to every drug store acne treatment available
for years i put on prescription topical cream that would dry the pimples out
i've tried everything including prescription treatments
nothing has worked until i tried the clarifying colloidal sulfur mask
this product works better than any over-the-counter topical medicine on cystic / hormonal acne
since i like his alpha beta peels
some people who commented said this contains lavender oil which will cause wrinkles
the alpha peel are must haves in my skin care routine
i stopped using it due to the parabens.
used it in combination with the foam cleanser
moisturizing without being greasy
i started using witch hazel as a toner
the powder treatment with the eye gel
serums from this company i know that the product really lasts
i tried 2 other deluxe samples of their creams- the moisture bound crème
decided to go with this one because i realized that it was very moisturizing for me year round
sometimes in the summer just the serum is enough to hydrate well
try to purchase during vib/rouge or ff sales especially since i want to use the matching serum
sometimes the serum is all i need
winter came it is not as moisturizing for use during the winter days
would probably use an extra moisturizer or diff moisturizer during the winter days
this cream is moisturizing
the moisturizer is lightweight on the skin
the redness from acne are gone
i used this to replace my moisturizer for day
was using our moisturizer
the cream itself is hydrating
this cream served as a moisturizer indeed
not about "aroma therapy"
try it with the lotion
cleanser because they all have anti inflammatory benefits
lightweight but very moisturizing.
i've tried all sorts of face creams from organic natural br
as far as moisturizers/line erasers go
night cream with this
this cream is very moisturizing and dewy.
this is the miracle creme
went to algenist anti aging cream
smooth cream that acts more like a serum
i need a bit more moisturizing for maturing skin
it says to use after moisturizer
has an anti-inflammatory ingredient that calms any redness
very moisturizing with thick texture
this is the first cream that i've used that was extremely moisturizing without being greasy or heavy
the best moisturizing cream ever.
it's so moisturizing yet light and not greasy.
i've tried all the other good creams
i figure why not pamper myself to this cream
i found this crème to be firming
this is a precious crème
to buy a really effective serum
use a drugstore very hydrating moisturizer that suits your skin
use lower cost home products such as baking soda to exfoliate
i like the enzyme peal
i love the serum
everything other than the serum is a luxury i cannot afford
i will splurge for this face indulgence
i think it did a better job at moisturizing than the progenius treatment oil
pamper your skin while you sleep :
it works especially well with dior's essential one serum
i also use dior's bb and the serum.
capture totale intensive night restorative crème one of the best dior products
using the serum under the night cream will produce dramatic results
i combine this with dior hydralife moisturizer
i like both creams
as a cosmetologist i learned cleanse
this is the best vitamin c serum
i exfoliate 2-3 times a week
use the serum twice daily
not being warned about using extra sunscreen
good moisturizer with sunscreen
use harsh prescribed products to combat the acne
this vitamin c serum really brings out the life to my skin
vitamin c is so good for your skin
now imagine 30x more vitamin c than an orange
this serum really helped my dads skin greatly.
the serum is incredibly light
i started using this as a recommendation from my aesthetician who stated there had been research about vitamin c making sunscreen more effective during the day
i love this camu camu serum.
this serum has changed my skin.
whenever i use this serum with the sleeping facial
buy a larger bottle of this serum
i am on my second serum bottle
great lightweight serum for the face.
loved the vitamin c element
i used up 2 bottles of this serum bc my skin just drank it up
i don't need foundation or concealer
i usually use in the morning prior to a moisturizer or bb or cc cream with spf
feels more like a toner
this serum definitely revitalizes
i love this serum.
the serum is runny
i don't know if it's the serum or the moisturizer that is giving me the results
for a none medical-grade serum this product is very good
samples of the vitamin c serum
i will continue to repurchase the camu camu brightening serum
this serum has not done that
even despite the high potency of vitamin c
i also use the ptr cc cream for daytime
less of the serum consistency of bottles i had in the past
that's not the object of this serum
decided to switch from my usual serum for something new
you will need some kind of moisturizer
tried many expensive serums
this serum def does the job it says.
this serum is light
use first after cleansing with ptr cleanser
this serum is amazing.
this serum is much better than the cream.
that this serum has the highest concentration of vitamin c
i love that this serum is immediately absorbed by my skin
pmit helps to absorb the moisturizers
other vitamins i use
i can solely use a tinted moisturizer
she recommended this serum
the cc cream to use as foundation
the first time i used this serum
following with my usual moisturizer
i used this with the camu camu moisturizer as well
this serum was great
i wanted something with vitamin c for the anti-wrinkle benefits
i went a week without the serum to see if my skin changed
when you apply the serum to your skin
skin type: dry combination with some dark sports on both cheekssamples: cc brightening serum
hydro-toner/water mist
this serum does not irritate my skin at all
i love how lightweight this serum is
potent than vitamin c
sometimes vitamin c can irritate sensitive skin
this ptr camu camu serum is far superior than any other vitamin c product i've ever used
the ptr camu camu moisturizer that goes along with this serum is a must have to get the results i did
this is not an anti-wrinkle product or a silicone smoother
i mix this korres treatment with some caffeine product by dhc
i love mixing this with my concealer under my eyes to brighten
this lightweight cream goes on after all of my 'beauty' ritual is done
i still need concealer
this eye cream is very moisturizing
another plus is that it makes your concealer look flawless
i found that applying this prior to makeup did a great job of moisturizing
seems to do a nice job moisturizing
i think its a great eye cream with great moisturizing properties
eliminates the need for an under eye concealer.
especially their facial brightening cream
ageless with this amazing serum
throw in this serum for the complete regimen
this is my go to moisturizer.
at the same time it's hydrating
this does such a good job of moisturizing my skin will maintaining my oil
i tried this moisturizer and loved it.
i wouldn't call the moisturizer "holy grail
this lightweight moisturizer is perfect for day wear
is perfect for powder or liquid foundations
then i apply this moisturizer
this product is my go to moisturizer.
then i realized the moisturizer has avocado oil in it
i am acne prone
i want to get the body lotion now.
this lotion works like a dream.
it is prone to acne
this moisturizer is super lightweight
this is a perfect moisturizer to use every day.
this is a good basic moisturizer for oily skin.
i love the combination of using one full pump of the fab hydrating serum
i also use the cleanser
i apply this facial moisturizer over the ultra repair serum each morning
for an eczema sufferer like myself
this lotion really helps moisturize
this moisturizer is amazing!
this is an amazing fall/winter moisturizer.
have to mix in a facial oil with this in order to get the moisture i need
i am acne prone
it is definitely not the holy grail of facial moisturizers
it just hydrates my skin
i actually love this lotion
i initially bought this moisturizer because i needed a non greasy light lotion for summertime
this is the most amazing facial lotion i have found so far
a lotion seems to be better than a cream
allergic to several natural products
night after cleansing after applying my serum
it is very moisturizing
i think moisturizers are trial
this lotion saved my skin!
this is my favorite light-weight moisturizer.
o haven't had any allergic reactions or breakouts because of it
i swear by this moisturizer for my dry skin.
it will stay a winter moisturizer for me !
this lotion moisturizes without clogging my pores
perfect for use right after exfoliating!
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer!
acne prone skin for the better
it's lightweight yet moisturizing.
this moisturizer was recommended to me by a sephora ba
it helps moisturize my dry combination skin
i always have a problem with greasy moisturizers
you'll need additional sunscreen for daytime use
does moisturizer to an extent
the moisturizer went on like silk
i just love this moisturizer
it is not a replacement for exfoliating
i love this moisturizer!!!!
the camu camu power c x 30 moisturizer was used along with the serum
i love the way may skin looks when using it in combination with the camu camu serum
as some hydrating moisturizers do
i love this moisturizer
effective in its moisturizing ability
the vitamin c has helped to reduce
either powder or liquid
i swear by the fact that i am glowing after using this moisturizer
this is a must have moisturizer
love it paired with the brightening serum- best my skin has been in years
i love this moisturizer
i do use this along with the serum
this is one of those moisturizers that immediately gives you a 'glow' on your skin
it is very moisturizing.
night after the camu camu serum
once the moisturizer is absorbed
cc cream and serum is good too.
it is moisturizing and potent at same time.
anyway, great ingredients and moisturizing
i love this moisturizer.
i wear it over my ptr pm retinol fusion serum.
perfect anti aging for late 20s/early 30s with all the vitamin c
fell in love with this moisturizer
this is the best for moisturizing
it has vitamin c
even when i applied a sunscreen base
i try a lot of products and treatments.
this ptr brightening moisturizer is one of the few creams that instantly show results
i just love this moisturizer
have been using it with the serum for weeks
especially with the serum
it makes the sunscreen go on much smoother
don't find this moisturizer greasy at all
i started using the serum
it is very moisturizing
i am in love with the serum and the moisturizer!
i will be buying this again, and the serum too.
it is a great nighttime moisturizer
i will definitely continue to use this moisturizer
after i stopped using this moisturizer
i find have to use a moisturizing serum underneath in the super harsh winter months
bought this plus the serum
i also use the serum and it is wonderful!
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer packs a punch!
great product, very moisturizing.
because it's made with vitamin c
i love this moisturizer.
they citrus refreshes it
so moisturizing but not greasy!!!
i struggle with mild rosacea
serum etc on the rest of my face
my natural skin is combination
i exfoliate with a lactic acid-based daily face wash
a non-alcoholic based toner
when i ran out of the toner i decided to buy the treatment
i will try it with the toner
i am going to purchase the toner that goes with this product
i love both the perricone pore treatments!
my pores are pretty enlarged from 10+ years of acne vulgaris
i've struggled with hormonal acne for years now.
facial creams/washes/retinoids
i switched out my vitamin a retinoid for this
broke out because i used a chemical sunblock
living an anti-inflammatory lifestyle
follow up with the glamglow moisturizer
glam glow thirstymud hydrating treatment mask will do as well
s down the best exfoliating product i have tried
i tried it because i needed an exfoliator
once i get to the massaging part to actually exfoliate
it is the perfect exfoliant
pimples as it exfoliates
after i used the mask as directed i moisturized with my night cream
good product for exfoliating sessions at home
then i just topped it off with my new fave moisturizer by ptr-water drench
i tend to avoid the word "exfoliate"
hormonal etcmy skin has taken a beating
reminded me of being in a spa with a clay mask on your face
exfoliate in small circles
this exfoliating one is amazing
after exfoliating it leaves your skin smooth
super effective exfoliating mask.
the strong scrubbing exfoliant
don't use this anymore now that i have a prescription retinoid
if retinoids are out of reach for you
is overall the best exfoliating mask i have used
this works great to exfoliate your skin
my skin is also combination and acne prone.
the exfoliation was amazing
like it cosmetics bye bye under eye
clinique pep-start eye cream
i also like the hydration
i actually wear this with my avocado i cream by kheils
allergies, poor diet, stress, and lack of sleep.
holds a lot of the serum
plus i love this as a morning facial massage
then the serum works its magic
i smoothed the product in using a disposable sponge
i enjoy the hydrating effect
i love the feel of this serum
the serum glides on like magic
i love this eye serum.
i only use the tip of the pearl to do the massage
this serum is amazing.
this serum helped immensely
a moisturizing product should be used afterwards
those who expect a serum to moisturize don't underst
it is slightly exfoliating like the genifique face serum
the applicator helps massage the lymph fluid to help drain puffiness
its a serum which anyone with a brain would know means
once you apply the serum under the eyes the puffiness will reduce
i love the way my eyes look after using this serum for a couple of weeks
making the massaging applicator even more soothing
it has thin consistency for cream compared to other moisturizers i have tried
i love this moisturizing cream.
sk-ii cellumination crème ex is definitely now a part of my daily skin routine
i tan in a salon a few times a week
since i have allergies to both benzoyl peroxide
when i have applied nighttime moisturizer in the past
my previous daytime moisturizer makes my face swear
the moisturizer stays put
its more of a gel than a cream
the moisturizer is very light
with a gel-like texture
it is extremely moisturizing.
i don't even need additional moisturizer in the morning because the crème lasts even after rinsing with water
this moisturizer really helps
i've added this moisturizer to my sephora favorites
i follow up with a sunblock
build up collagen for scarring
i usually use the sk-ii facial treatment essence
i like this moisturizer.
not only a product but a gel-based cream to boot.
kate sommerville's extended-release night time retinol
it's lightening properties are as strong as retinol
use my usual concealer on the eyes
this cream has a gel like texture
this cream is super hydrating
this moisturizer absorbs right into my skin
it's definitely a little pricier than what i normally pay for moisturizing cream
cellumination cream may be better option for combo/oily skin individuals
it's definitely super moisturizing
not applying the lotion
on antibiotics from the derm for acne
i'd go with sk-ii's regular moisturizer which is anti-aging
this moisturizer is so light
it takes just a dab to moisturize the face
when i didn't use the lotion
just like the cleanser
use it like you would a retinol product
i could moisturize my entire face
that is how moisturizing this product is.
say that it's very effective at moisturizing
differin gel or salicylic acid gel
i used in conjunction with my 3 step facial routine
i put it on before my moisturizer.
it feels like a lightweight moisturizer with anti-aging effects
i love that the sk-ii facial lift emulsion doesn't have a strong scent
i received sk-ii facial lift emulsion free from sk-ii
i love the moisturizer within
the best thing about sk-ii facial lift emulsion is the additional moisture it added to my skin
i received the sk-ii facial lift emulsion to try in exchange for an honest review
i received the skin ii facial lift emulsion to try
the application is a thinner cream
thing is that i really like this a lot because it is moisturizing
i love that this facial lift emulsion does exactly what it says
)i like that the emulsion has little to no scent.
i am now hooked on the sk-ii facial lift emulsion
everything about this product reminded me of an incredible moisturizing lotion i used to use that has since been discontinued called complex15
this moisturizer is super hydrating without being heavy or greasy
sk-ii facial lift emulsion is certainly comparable
so far i'm in love with sk-ii facial lift emulsion
as i have aging skin
this lotion did a great job of moisturizing my face all day
i really like emulsion.
i love that it has no sulfates.
i treat this product as an essence since it's not moisturizing enough alone
go in with another moisturizer
moisturizing without being greasy
then ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster
i've used it in conjunction with the facial treatment essence
moisturizing effects--even in the pennsylvania winter
personally i like to use my moisturizers at the end of the day after i cleanse my face of makeup
i tried many facial cleansers
i tried the sk-ii facial treatment cleanser at night to rinse off my makeup after a full day
this product is described on shopping sites as ultra-hydrating
yet gentle on skin with no synthetic fragrances
i found sk-ii facial treatment cleanser to be very creamy
after using this gentle cleanser
would look for more hydration in my next cleanser
pairs wonderfully after the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil which i used to remove all of my make-up/sunscreen
prepped for acid toning
that it isn't something like a serum that will run out in a month
this cleanser paired with the clearing lotion was a match made in heaven for my skin
i usually use drugstore cleansers.
i switch to this sk-ii facial cleanser
without the irritation i used to experience with other cleansers
i love this cleanser
i highly recommend using this sk-ii cleanser with clarisonic brush
i normally don't like cleansers that are creamy out of the tube
use this cleanser alternating with is clinical on my combination skin
which is something i hate in cleansers
i love the foaming action of the cleanser
this cleanser keeps the redness down
i typically skip the toner step ang go straight to the facial treatment essence followed by the skin signature cream
for dryer winter days i may use the cellumination mask-in lotion to boost the moisture followed by the fte
especially now in the summer i need extra help to clean my skin of sunscreen
this serum is great.
i always use a toner after washing
this was my first experience with facial cleansing oil
this facial cleansing oil works great!
i received the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil free from sk-ii to try out
i follow this with a normal cleanser
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil does exactly that
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil is very gentle
i received the sk-ii facial cleanser free to try from sk-ii
i've tried be cleanser on myself
this oil cleanser is recommended for oily
sort of like a dry oil sunscreen
unlike pads,cream or gel like cleansers.
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil is not the first cleansing oil i've tried
i usually use a toner after cleaning my face
this is the only cleanser i've used that shows no trace of dirt on my toner pad after
have been using sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil for a few weeks now
all i could think was that the compliment was a result of using sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil
sk-ii had sent me a bottle of the facial treatment cleansing oil
applying the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil was super creamy
sk-ii recently sent me a bottle of its sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil to try
sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil is on the rather expensive side
sk-ii sent me a bottle of it's sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil to try
i recently received the sk-ii facial treatment cleansing oil for free from sk-ii
i absolutely love this facial treatment cleansing oil
i love this cleanser!
s before giving sk-ii's facial treatment cleansing oil a chance because of the steep price
after reading an allure article about cleaning oils the night before
it isn't as good at the tatcha cleansing face oil at removing my mascara
after using i use the skii facial treatment clear lotion as a toner then the essence
finish with another derm bought light-weight brightening
oil free moisturizing product
balancing effect this cleanser has on my skin
i usually follow this with chanel's cleansing milk
i do recommend an exfoliant as this doesn't offer it
you could call me the goldilock's of facial cleansing oil
i've tried all of the cleansing oils out there
i can safely say that this sk-ii cleansing oil is a good makeup remover with effective moisturizing properties
first time i have ever tried a cleansing oil to cleanse my face as i have always been the creamy cleanser type however
hydrated after applying this cream
the coverage is light but super hydrating.
the rose absolut fragrance is also a must have for your face regimen
unlike other moisturizers i have tried
the moisturizing properties are very rich.
due to how emollient the product is
it only takes a dab of product to moisturizer your entire face
i only use the moisturizer at night only
this product does great at moisturizing my face
i received the sk-ii serum through bzzagent.
the serum is easy to get out of the pump
sk-ii ultimate revival cream is the first facial moisturizer product i've ever tried from sk-ii
this facial cream also seems to balance my skin as well
have found the cream to be hydrating
i prefer keeping straight sunscreen off my fact
bottom line:the good: it does do its job moisturizing your skin
even after i forgot to wear sunscreen one day
does this stuff contain sunscreen?
it's very moisturizing thou.
this is definitely a cream for someone who needs a mega dose of moisture
it is the most moisturizing product that i have ever used
have tried many moisturizers including la mer
i do use it with the facial treatment essence.
i will order the lxp serum next and try it.
sk-ii facial treatment repair c is working wonders on my skin
this serum has kept my skin thoroughly moisturized without increasing oiliness in my t-zone area
you can wear it under your moisturizer
i applied the sk-ii daily after cleansing my face in the morning
moisturizer on top of it
i really like the feel of the serum
i received the facial treatment from sk-ii
this is a clear gel-like serum.
i love applying my makeup after this serum since its so light
the facial treatment repair c from sk-ii is a great serum moisturizer
the formula is a serum
the serum absorbs very quickly
i really like this treatment serum.
i apply my moisturizer on top of it
ncludes the sk-ii cleansing lotion
the facial treatment repair c does not disappoint
i started using sk-ii facial treatment repair c about 4 weeks ago
one pump of this smooth light serum covers my whole face
scrubs in an effort to make my skin look the way sk-ii facial treatment repair c does
the serum is slippery
i received this sk-ii facial treatment repair c serum from sk-ii as part of a promotion
it provides a light hydration.
this serum helped to repair those marks
i 've been using the sk-ii facial treatment repair serum for several weeks with amazing results
sk-ii facial treatment repair serum doesn't cover skin issues
still have adult acne
since i have starting using this moisturizer
this nutrient-rich serum with a mix of concentrated pitera
i apply sk-ii facial treatment repair c each morning
i simply pump 2 drops of the serum into my h
i cannot wait to see my skin after a month of using sk-ii facial treatment repair c
so of course i have to try the facial treatment repair c
i believe the proper name for this is actually brightening derm moisturizer
: for me its moisturizing enough maybe because i put the sk-ii serum before putting this product
realized that it does not contain vitamin c
the name of the product seemed to indicate to me that it contained vitamin c
the newest sephora member review for this product seemed to be extolling this as a vitamin c serum
i specifically wanted a vitamin c product
then a sunscreen with vitamin c
i think this serum is a real factor in that
this is a light serum that does not feel greasy on my oily/combination skin
the cellumination mask-in lotion
i also recently invested in the new ptr serum for "hollowness" in the blue bottle
some sort of "shine reducer" in a lotion/spf form
i got this serum last week
use the eye cream
since i've used this moisturizer as part of my daytime regimen
especially in combination with the lotion
i do use it in conjunction with the essence lotion
refresh skin in one day... love this product
i completely swear by this moisturizing night cream
i've tried many eye creams
i've used this for a couple of weeks with the multi-action sunscreen
smooth and rich, very moisturizing.
i like this eye cream
it feels very moisturizing
concealer goes on smooth
found i was allergic to one of the ingredients
of all the creams i have tried
or a facial oil or josie maran argan oil
no comparison to lancome collaser 5x serum
i really do like the collaser 5x serum a lot for puffiness reduction
hydrates under eye area
i already use a glycolic acid serum
even tried cosmetic fillers to eliminate the problem
makes applying concealer a breeze!
these creams are great
like every lotion i have tried
i found that my wrinkles
i've even tried expensive salicylic acid treatments
with good acne products
any dermatologist will tell you that.
behind the counter acne remedies
other impurities from the skin
i've started using it for spot acne treatments sometimes
finish with a moisturizing overnight mask
after mask i used my moisturizing mask
use it for spot treatments
don't use this after exfoliating it'll burn like crazy
helps with blackheads/acne
would definitely recommend moisturizing afterwards cause it can be a little drying
asked a rep to help with moisturizers or toners
she also suggested a moisturizer to pair it for the wrinkles
i am a sceptic when it comes to acne treatments.
i am constantly exfoliating
i find this one has just the right amount of exfoliant as well
more than with my prescription acne medication
finishing with my regular moisturizer routine
facials even multiple prescriptions
this product jusr by reading the ingredients has active ingredients like salacidic acid latic acid
these are some of the same ingredients found in chemical peels
spf if you experience some redness
for spot treatments on pimples
at night it's kept my hormonal acne away
love this moisturizer used it for years!
or as a heavy moisturizer
used as a day moisturizer
definitely my favourite origins moisturizer.
one of the ladies at sephora recommended this treatmemt for my oily skin as a daily am
it has been amazing so far at moisturizing my skin
this is an excellent moisturizer for dry skin.
you can also use it over your serums
it's the only lotion that works for my oily skin
it's a gel based formula
this does a really good job moisturizing without causing breakouts
i tend to prefer lightweight moisturizers usually in gel/liquid consistencies
my skin broke out from acne prescription treatment
this moisturizer does the work
i mix 2-3 drops of josie maran's light argan oil during winter
this is the only moisturizer i've used that
i love this used under thicker moisturizers at night time or during the day as a light moisturizer when i am more oily
it's more like a gel base not a greasy lotion base
it is a multipurpose moisturizer
i started out with wanting a hydrating night cream
this moisturizer is lightweight
i got this to use as a lighter summer nighttime moisturizer
some people use it under another moisturizer
i find this to be moisturizing enough alone.
more absorbant moisturizer like this
this moisturizer is no different
this moisturizer was reformulated about a year ago
my review is for the treatment designed for combo/oily skin
i apply this under my hydrating makeup primer
wanted a hydrating treatment to help with speed up the process of fading some of my acne scars
this is my absolute favorite moisturizing product
i love this moisturizer.
use origins high potency night-a-mins™ mineral-enriched renewal cream at night
after comparing the ingredients to what the mayo clinic recommends for dry skin
this gel is very moisturizing without making me breakout which is a plus for me
this moisturizer helps hydrate my skin without making it greasy/oily
t's difficult finding a moisturizer that helps control oil yet is very moisturizing
even though it is a thicker moisturizer
i tried another origins moisturizer
i've tried many moisturizers before
this moisturizer is amazing
i love origins moisturizer line!
this moisturizer is so calming
it smells a little bit like flinstones vitamins
an origins rep in macy's recommended this because of the watermelon hydration
this is now my favourite moisturizer!
acne prone skin so finding a moisturizer that doesn't add to the oil
this is the perfect moisturizer
this moisturizer is h
my skin only loves this moisturizer.
it seriously loves this moisturizer
products to basic aloe vera gel
this moisturizer provides an intense amount of moisture for a lotion that feels extremely light
as an overnight moisturizer, this is perfect!
unlike other moisturizers i have tried
this moisturizer has been a lifesaver.
i think this tip from a dermatologist was key to any moisturizer
this moisturizer definitely moisturizes
she gave me a choice of this or a moisturizer by clinique-i don't like clinique products
this moisturizer definitely helps relieve my skin
overall, i like this moisturizer.
while this cream doesn't cure my eczema
i've found my new winter moisturizer!
this is one of the only moisturizers that work for me
this moisturizer is amazing.
this moisturizer is perfect.
i did also use becca's matte foundation with stila's matte bronzer
even though i moisturize after my morning shower
clinique stay matte hydrator
use sephora's acne-fighting mattifying moisturizer
unlike the clinique matte hydrator
i buy everything unscented
this moisturizer is perfect for oil reduction.
i definitely recommend this moisturizer.
i am in search of a great oil control lotion for men
the lab series oil feel lotion
witch hazel based toner
primer before applying my makeup
burt's bees rose water toner
think i will keep mixing it with my moisturizer
it's still very moisturizing
i also like to use it as a moisturizer for my lips
put on my tarte concealer
rejuvenate my face before moisturizer
1 drop w/ first aid beauty ultra repair face moisturizer
this oil is like a drink for your skin :
i used clinique moisture surge gel during the day
are my holy grails for acne
i mix it with josie maran argan oil.
i only use one drop mixed with my serum
this is one of the best facial oils i have used
i usually get hormonal breakouts
have combination skin with hormonal breakouts around my chin
not using any other kinds of creams or skin care products
works great on a beauty blender with stick or liquid foundation
works wonders as a simple moisturizer
i also use this as a lip moisturizer before using matte lipsticks
glowing from the vitamin c in this oil
body lotions to give my skin a boost i need the $68 bottle
you can't take accutane while on antibiotics
maracuja oil is super packed with vitamin c
this oil can replace my regular moisturizer
out of all the acne creams
i needed to apply moisturizer multiple times a day to keep hydrated
this oil is lighter than argan oil
topically to combat my acne
i several drops at night as a moisturizer
i received a free phyto oil from dermologica with one of my orders
i tried exfoliating more, etc.
i can mix in my concealer
this oil is moisturizing and has so many uses.
it's not emollient enough for a night cream
my routine with this is to use vitamin e on any blemishes that are healing slowly
then put this on top to get the vitamin e all over
i prefer creams over oils
i still use concealer
of all the creams i tested on my h
while this cream does hydrate
my concealer goes on super smooth
definitely my new daily moisturizer.
so moisturizing all at the same time
still moisturizing so for someone with combination-oily skin it's been perfect for me
i started using this moisturizer over the winter
its a great daytime moisturizer
with super dry skin this moisturizer worked wonders
i love this moisturizing cream.
as its moisturizing enough for dry skin
at night on top of the serum
moisturized without an excessive oils
my face wash has acne medicine in it
started using this moisturizer
my new fave moisturizer
super hydrating and smells like celery!
i am in love with this moisturizer
i prefer unscented products
it did a nice job moisturizing
i used it under a snail serum
is the only lotion she uses
after my face was destroyed by a caudalie serum
before trying the serum
this moisturizer is my saving grace!!!
love the smell and it's very moisturizing.
which in my book is a must for a moisturizer!
along with great moisturizing
helped me with acne!!
best with good genes if youre suffering from hormonal acne
i love this moisturizer.
sometimes i add in two drop of seaberry oil for extra moisturizing if my skin is really dry
as it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer heals those spots in no time
i've never had a moisturizer like this
it's not only moisturizing
also nourishing to the skin
or if you're using topical acne creams or treatments that may dry you out
have to use a different moisturizer
i mix it with a 2 to 3 drops of argan oil
this moisturizer has a light cucumber scent
this lotion is magic.
i usually get hormonal acne once a month
needed a slightly more moisturizing cream for the winter
this is the perfect moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
i will put this moisturizer on
i wear this moisturizer under my make up
provides the intense hydration moisture to the skin
also the scent is quite similar to the soy face cleanser
it's lightweight, yet ultra-moisturizing.
i decided to try this out because i really liked the fresh soy cleanser
this cream is lightweight
the fresh soy face cleanser
have been looking into collagen products as of late for acne scars
after i wash my face with murad cleanser
this is my second bottle of sunscreen.
i think this is the only cream that actually visibly improves the texture of the skin right away aside from using beta hydroxy acid creams
at a dermatologist was told that i would need 65 units of botox to plump my skin back to youth
it's a perfect daytime moisturizer
i do like to pair it with either a retinol or tsubaki beauty oil at night for more hydration
this is an amazing moisturizing treatment.
maybe this serum doesn't deliver the long-lasting anti-aging effects it promises
a retinol serum in the evening
i received a deluxe sample of the murad rapid collagen infusion serum a few weeks ago
my mother who is 63 uses the same serum
my skin is aging and drying.
after massaging in this product
does not cause concealer to crease at all
follow the directions including stringent sunscreen use
tried caudalie premier cru eye cream for 6 months
years ago i used a topical retinoid for my acne
retinol really is the best agent to battle signs of aging
when i saw this at sephora ticketed as a non-irritating retinoid eye cream i grabbed it
applies like a gel cream
moisturizing without feeling oily
great gentle retinoid treatment for your eyes.
because it is retinol
asking for advice i decided to get miracle worker retinoid eye repair cream as it felt amazing on the skin
this is my first retinoid product
mostly i just love the feel of this cream/serum
(still dark during allergy season, but better.)
s of dollars of eye creams
the retinoid eye repair cream for about a year
no reaction to any foundations/ bb creams.
i will splurge on pricey concealers which have still dried
i don't like creams or lotions that make me shiny
this is now my go-to retinoid/ anti-aging product
be warned: you must use spf with any retinoid product as it makes your skin more sensitive to the sun
i tried many eye creams before
the cream is light
the retinoids work magic over night
you feel the immediate skin tingling of the retinol
have had to use a lot less concealer in the morning
it is almost like a gel or ointment
i love how hydrating
it is my first time using any eye retinoids
supplementing with a moisturizing eye cream
i don't need concealer at all
i've tried other eye creams
i then follow with this serum
afterward i apply my moisturizer
that shouldn't be a problem if you're moisturizing
i literally thought that the only thing that would help was multiple sessions of micro microdermabrasion with the dermatologist
use korres tone target corrector serum
first i apply the serum
follow with some organic rosehip oil
before any other serums
this serum worked decently
require one to wear lots of sunscreen
like vitamin c mist
i read great reviews on the d-scar serum
night for 3 weeks applying the serum
a good product to use with this in your usual face-washing regimen is caudalie-vinoperfect radiance serum
was recommended this serum
for a while i hid it with concealer
i hated using concealer
she used this serum
it is a serum, so it is a little thick.
moisturizing regimen has really lessened the severity of the red skin areas
the directions say to apply moisturizer over
fab ultra repair face moisturizer
i hate the idea of applying moisturizer over product that is trying to improve scarring
i tried spot treatments
le against the d-scar serum
my post-acne hyperpigmentation is fading
recommended this for my acne scarring
i pair it with dermadoctor cleanser.
anti acne cream from the same line
i try to use the serum 2x a day
preferably an acne fighting one
i am able to use this serum
from chemical peels to microdermabrasion to e-matrix
i used this serum in conjunction with origins gentle foam cleanser
night creams for moisturizers
after a month of using this serum
this serum is now definitely a holy grail item for me that i plan to purchase over
i've struggled with hormonal acne since high school
it's much cheaper than dermabrasion treatments
night prior to applying my moisturizer
this serum doesn't break me out either
i recommend some kind of regimen focusing on exfoliation though if you expect to see results though
you push the gel through a rollerball
heard you should start retinol at this age
for almost 3 years i have used a prescribe lotion from my dermatologist
to specially treat my acne
i wanted to find one that didn't have hydroquinone in it
decided to invest in this serum
before applying the toner i used this product
with the right tinted moisturizer
because it is a retinol
if you do use this product, please use sunscreen.
the retinol does make your skin more susceptible to the sun's rays so just make sure to wear sunscreen daily
use it over top my serum at night
she insisted this was the retinol product to try
i would definitely recommend including retinol cream in your nightly routine
the lady waxing my eyebrows recommended i begin using a retinol product
this is my first retinol product
i've never used a retinol before
regardless of exfoliating or moisturizing
since it's my first retinol
it moisturizes while it treats which helps minimize the drying effect retinol can sometimes have on my skin
wanted to start with a milder retinol to help some fine lines
further, the retinol leaves a healthy glow.
so alternate using this with a mild non retinol cleanser
use my retinol cleanser with caudalie's night infusion cream
i think it's one of the best retinol products
with any retinol you must be careful because it will cause redness
it has a slight medicinal scent
i honestly were saving up to get botox
this cream has a thicker texture than most retinol products
retinol as we know is the ingredient to keep away wrinkles
ing night cream with enough retinol to get results-- radiant
not moisturizers as they usually cause breakouts
thought i should start using a moisturizer at night as a preventative measure
the packaging is good for retinol products.
retinol being the active ingredient that causes cell turnover
heavy moisturizers make me break out
good retinol compared to others
i find retinol to be very drying to my skin
i cleanse my face
i apply moisturizer over
not only a potent retinol
retasphere's retinol molecules are encapsulated in a lipid shell
this is a retinal product
less harsh than many other retinol products
i think i will use a thicker type of moisturizer with a lot of vitamins twice a week
the retinol night cream might be too drying
after using this under moisturizer
vitamin c sleeping facial
murad's retinol night creams in the past
i think this is more moisturizing than the two
applied this cream after my nightly moisturizer
retinol products usually cause skin to become red
not through my nightly moisturizer
i've tried so many night creams.
it feels so moisturizing to put on
then i started using it every night mixing it with 1 pump of algenist regenerative anti-aging lotion
this is the first retinol product that has brought smoothness
peeling of other retinol products
have used botox in the past
then when i try to moisturize
after reading other posters who swore that moisturizing just before made a huge difference
i've used various moisturizers under the rhetasphere
the consistency is like the clinique gel lotion
generally err on the side of over-exfoliating
another basic lotion on top of this
my skin isn't very reactive to retinol
i make sure to use a daily face lotion with spfas well
usually with a retinol product
at the same time, it is moisturizing.
i love the results retinol provides
finally a retinol cream that does not make my skin irritated
i've tried a number of different retinol products
unlike many retinol products on the market
still moisturizes my skin
the pore serum during the day
never would moisturize in the morning
then put on a serum then this product
as there are different ingredients that help provide anti aging benefits like retinol
some of the acids found in this product
ask a beauty consultant about a good moisturizer
she recommended this for oily skin along with an essence toner
this hydrates my skin
this products acts as my moisturizer and primer.
does pill under makeup
ask about a moisturizer that was gentle on skin
hormonal acne around my chin
because this product has salicylic acid
it's been helping me keep my hormonal acne away
evening after i have cleansed my face with dermadoctor cream cleanser
i also apply once to twice a week kate sommerville's exfolikate foaming sulfur mask
i can actually wear this moisturizer under my foundation
i tried 3 different moisturizers
i need a daytime moisturizer that works with humidity
this moisturizer is perfect.
the moisturizer is lightweight
if you need a lot of moisturizer to keep your skin from flaking
i should mention that i put a hyaluronic acid serum under
it stays matte for about 6 hours with the use of this moisturizer
toner in the morning or before bed
because it is a gel
most moisturizers either clog my pores because its too moisturizing for my skin type or it dries my skin out because its a cream used for acne prone skin
just enough moisturizing without feeling greasy or clogging pores
does a great job of moisturizing without feeling oily
this is an amazing moisturizer!
best moisturizer for minimizing pores while not irritating my skin
needed a light hydrating gel under my bb cream
i also use algenist whitening mask before applying the gel
it's so refreshing and moisturizing.
drier skin types could use this as more of a "serum" product if they need more moisture
without oils or over-moisturizing
it moisturizes my face without the oils!
this seems to have been the product that has fixed my hormonal acne
am in love with this moisturizer
this moisturizer is light
then algenist pore corrector gel
i also really recommend clinique laser focos eye cream
it's also moisturizing enough for wintertime
until my doctor to recommend me to use non-comedogenic moisturizer
the anti aging anti pore moisturizer is so lightweight
they pill under your foundation
i will always buy this moisturizer.
this moisturizer has fixed everything.
i used ddf moisturizing dew for years because i loved the consistency
this moisturizer definitely fits the bill
fits perfectly under non-oily sunscreen
i decided to try this product as a moisturizer prior to applying makeup
this cream-gel moisturizer goes on easily
i just switched to this moisturizer
i used this under my algenist anti aging moisturizer with an spf of 20
need a daily treatment that exfoliates my skin
this product is a light moisturizer that brightens my skin
some days i use this moisturizer
i first received this gel moisturizer as a vip reward
i love that this moisturizer is a combination of anti-aging
my skin is combination
just enough moisturizing for my skin
perfect gel moisturizer i have ever had
it even helped my rosacea
the alguronic acid is derived from seaweed
then use an acid toner
then moisturize over top
this moisturizer is amazing.
haven’t had good luck with other anti-aging moisturizers
this moisturizer is perfect for oily skin.
for reference i use mufe hydrating
this is great morning serum
this serum magically gives me doll-like skin.
best sunscreen that works with my sensitive skin.
the best serum for oily skin!
works wonderful with the pore corrector moisturizer
i apply it in the morning under my moisturizer
i do pair it with the pore gel moisturizer they have too
anyways i call this my miracle serum
applying in the morning after my cleanser
all of which end up being far-less effective than the ferulic retinol triple correction eye serum
this serum has helped improve tone.
this serum has really helped firm the area
loved this eye serum because it tightens
love this eye treatment.
this is my go-to day eye serum.
better than any eye serum you can find xoxo
after using the eye serum for about a year
i prefer gels over creams
i love this eye serum.
i will say it's a serum
so not uber emollient
followed by an intense eye moisturizer
as long as you follow this with an eye moisturizer
that you must follow retinol treatments with moistuizer
always moisturize after retinol!
it's a goopy serum that absorbs completely in about 30 seconds
acts as a sort of primer for concealer
it also works well under eye concealer.
this is not a moisturizer
used in combination with a ce ferulic serum
dennis gross ferulic + retinol triple correction eye serum has done much more
i've had to apply very little concealer.
i won't have to use concealer at all
i think it could use more retinol than the acid
isn't one to notice my beauty regimen
i look amazing without concealer
i mix it with my paula's choice serums at night only as it contains retinol
the ingredients are the kicker
do apply a light moisturizer as well
now i can't image life without this serum
this eye serum doesn't cause me problems
i'd think the retinol is a great addition to my eye cream regiment
i'd say this serum is a must-try for dark circles
eye serum at my local sephora
love the gel serum formula.
this little serum is a real gem
i do layer moisturizers along with serums
used in conjunction with my moisturizer
i really love the texture of this serum
found as good as $100+ creams/serums i've tried.
i really like this serum.
amazing serum i use it alone
it dose not dry my eye erea
it´s one of the best serum i´ve tried
this is after i used many othere eye serums
i actually use it as an all over face serum as well around the eyes
really that's the side effect of a potent retinol product
alternating with moisturizing treatments on 'off' nights
don't forget that 30+ sunscreen rain or shine
smooth light weight gel and doesn't cause milia.
i love this eye serum.
i really do like this serum
this serum is amazing!!
it doesn't cause dryness or more wrinkles like some serums
my eye area does end up feeling better hydrated once i've applied my eye cream in addition to this serum
i've used countless eye creams
this serum really moisturized
it's also very moisturizing without being heavy.
i got this eye cream with a kit
i've spent a lot of time in direct sunlight without sunscreen
i think it does a great job moisturizing
most overrated eye creams
tjmaxx eye creams my whole life
this cream is so thick and moisturizing.
i get a rash on my eye if the eye cream i use isn't moisturizing enough
i apply as a last step after concealer
having applied a different eye serum/cream when i initially moisturize my face
brighten while staying light under foundation/concealer
have tried a a lot of creams
hydrating for the wrinkles i'm starting to collect
until i ran out of my usual vitamin c eye cream
cream is more moisturizing then my more expensive c eye product which makes it perfect for dry winters
nighttime users of retinal eye care
since the vitamin c
cheaper than other eye creams.
it's very moisturizing but not oily
the vitamin c helps with darkness.
i dont need concealer
that may be hydration
found this one is really great on moisturizing
im buying h facial oil to use at night
it also does a good ob moisturizing without being greasy
it is very moisturizing
eye creams tend not to
smoothing, hydrating, all of the above!
this cream moisturizes the eye area
i decided to try this after purchasing the maracuja concealer
it helps to even out the concealer application as level
very moisturizing and brightens the eye area.
is the perfect base for concealer
moisturizing to put on at night
i enjoy using this eye cream
this eye cream is great for moisturizing the eye area
it is so moisturizing and creamy.
preferably night because its just that moisturizing :
this is my miracle cream
i searched around for a different nighttime moisturizer
while this makes no medicinal claims about healing
even prescription cortisone cream
i know this product doesn't make medicinal claims
i decided to try joise maran's argan infinity cream oil
or i use a foundation/setting powder before applying eyeliner
it is amazing at moisturizing my skin
i still get hormonal breakouts
also recommended for burns- high in vitamin e
the 100% pure argan oil by josie maran recently
using the argan oil
psoriasis on my h
use this product as a daily night time moisturizer for my under eyes
this is argan oil in a pertroleum form
the ingredients are pure
oil version i use for hair
while i have combo skin
including areas where i have eczema
i am able to use it under my tinted moisturizer during the day
it isn't from the argan cream
moisturize with this argan cream
i need a new moisturizer
considering it has argan oil in it
the softness/hydration lasted all night
or mild skin inflammation
it hydrates my skin all day
a pea size of this over ren's omega serum
it's extremely moisturizing for us drier skin types
now i mix a dime sized amount with a regular creamy lotion
not as a daily moisturizer
i would use my regular moisturizer
use this as a pre makeup moisturizer if that makes sense
as much as it kills me to drop almost 30$ for a moisturizing product
multi-purpose moisturizer i've found
i tried a new cleanser/moisturizer
i apply over my moisturizer morning
i don't like the way it works with eyeshadow.
and i moisturize my cuticles with it.
mixed in with my moisturizer
tried to switch to other creams/oils over the years
two different expensive balms
the josie maran argan infinity cream intensive creamy oil has gone a long way to heal my winter dry skin
t's thicker than other moisturizers out there
super moisturizing without being greasy
i like it to nourish my lashes every night when it's free from mascara
most recently i've been using this to combat drying from an acne medication
is the most creamy intensive argan oil i have ever used
this cream hydrates my skin no matter where i apply
mix it into my day moisturizer as needed
this product is also great for just about every other skin care need: i sometimes mix it with eyeshadows snd blushes to make a custom moisturizing lip balm
along with my apple cider vinegar toner
overnight i use it as an under eye moisturizer
this moisturizer combats both
after exfoliating my lips
this is the best most moisturizing cream.
easy to apply product that hydrates my skin
it was moisturizing just right
i like to wear it under my eyes over the argan milk
it's very moisturizing but not oily.
it stars as a cream
all the ingredients are natural or organic
argan oil help my skin to not overproduce its own natural oils
i tried for years to simply use virgin coconut oil as a moisturizer alternative
i would wear it during the day as a moisturizer
the eye creme is very moisturizing you only use a small amount it's a small jar
this product hydrates the eye area
it moisturizes and leaves my skin matte.
i am 32 with combination skin
this anti-aging moisturizer is exceptional.
why doesn't sephora sell the refill for all refillable dior products??
i usually use lamer moisturizer cream
this one is better at moisturizing
a lot of moisturizers seem to cake
this is even better with the serum
bye-bye lines and wrinkles.
very moisturizing without being oily.
i would recommend for aging skin.
its moisturizing and for me its 5 stars.
a lot of eye creams burn my skin
before i apply concealer around my eyes
i've tried many eye creams
i've tried so many eye creams
i also like that it's hydrating
plumps up and moisturizes the skin.
it is odorless and fragrance-free.
when i use this cream
hydrating eye cream i use in the evening
i tried several eye creams
it allows me to apply my cream concealer well without creasing
my concealer doesn't crease with this eye cream.
i've never found another eye cream that produces results other than moisturizing
the repairwear laser focus not only hydrates
turns out it was for puffiness and moisturizing.
although very virgin to makeup
i also use this cream as a neck moisturizer
this mask is moisturizing enough to prevent my skin from peeling while using maximum strength retin-a
then i apply the moisturizer mask
i usually use it after applying my normal serum
it feels so moisturizing on my skin without being greasy
the combination of gently exfoliating then immediately applying this mask works great
its actually a super-hydrating night cream
i've tried so many creams
very moisturizing to my oily acne prone skin
it has the texture of a regular lotion
it immediately moisturize my face
this lotion doesn't irritate
just use a normal moisturizer
i've tried other night creams
the original lotions work great.
have tried many moisturizers
this moisturizer saved my skin!
fabulous product - very moisturizing - love it
i've tried many night creams
it was more of a heavy moisturizer than justa mask
after my beauty regimen i finish with this
this product is a staple in my regimen.
it's called a hydrating mask
so this is like a miracle moisturizer to me
there are better moisturizers that will both moisturize your face
it isn't the most hydrating moisturizer in sephora
it is the most hydrating moisturizer i have used that will not break me out or worsen acne
when i get hormonal acne
made sure to wear sunscreen on top of it during the day
tend to use it as my nighttime moisturizer
i treat it as my overnight moisturizer
it does a great job on moisturizing
combined with the custom repair serum
after cleansing i apply the creamy textured moisturizer
moisturizing<333 also light-weight
night creams usually are
this still hydrates my skin
this product is extremely moisturizing
add a few drops of josie maran argan oil
so antioxidants don't wear out
nausea on a plane will do that to you
i get eczema on my face
even after using moisture surge lotion
this moisturizer has been amazing!
the texture is more like a gel
over-priced creams i have tried to shame
i no longer have to exfoliate my skin before applying my foundation
this is a holy grail moisturizer for me!
needed to get something extra moisturizing when i started accutane
my skin is combination
atralin usually causes my serums or moisturizers to form little clumps of product on my skin
we had 2 humidifiers running
that night i decided to exfoliate
just rinse with water or gentle cleanser
this night cream is the "cream of the crop" !
i look forward to applying this moisturizer every night
i love the moisture surge gel
this is a great cleansing and purifying mask.
i always use it before wei's bee venom anti-wrinkle cream mask
the product itself is a medium weight type mud masque
each cup will do about 3 facials!
the brush gives it that extra spa-like touch.
love this lotion and the boscia brand in general.
try using a boscia konjac sponge
i can feel that it extracts impurities out of my skin
i cleanse my face with a cleansing oil
spray a mineral water on first
this moisturizer is super smooth and hydrating.
i also do an exfoliation the day before
it purifies your skin
i applied a bit of moisturizer
it must be the herbs.
or before i use a sulfur acne medication on my breakouts
i love this moisturizer.
like any other moisturizer
this is the first product that claimed to be incredibly moisturizing that actually worked for me
this is the only everyday moisturizer that i use
i love applying this moisturizer
the texture is a lot like a silicone primer.
which is how other overnight moisturizers feel to me
too moisturizing for me.
perfect night time moisturizer
it definitely does the job of moisturizing
boscia is completely preservative free
i've found it works great for me as a daily moisturizer
i love this moisturizer from boscia!
the self defense vital antioxidant with spf 30 on a recent trip overseas
i cannot live without this moisturizer!
moisturizing for my extra-dry skin
the moisturizer worked well
i've used a lot of night moisturizer
it is a night cream
moisturizing yet light weight making it the perfect balance fore everyday wear under makeup
this cream is soooo moisturizing!!!
i love this night moisturizer
this is a non-greasy moisturizer
it's very moisturizing but light.
i appreciate that all of boscia's formula's are preservative free
most moisturizer goes in
i forgo eye cream when i use this since it's that moisturizing
it is truly the most emollient cream i have ever used
definitely more moisturizing than the old one
it helps my skin recover from hormonal outbreaks
i really love boscia's gel cleanser as well as one of their day moisturizers
this one is really moisturizing.
this moisturizer is everything i am looking in a preventative night cream
its filled with antioxidants
castor oils which are both non-comedogenic
moisturizing yet feels light n clean.
i typically use biotherm's aquasource as my lotion
this overnight moisturizer is a dream
toner which cleared all my acne four years ago
the holy grail of overnight moisturizers.
after using this moisturizer overnight
i wouldn't describe this as a moisturizer
it is more like a sunscreen-
i love this moisturizer.
it seems moisturizing enough for my combo skin.
i love this moisturizer.
boscia self defense vital antioxidant moisture spf 30 is fabulous for every day use
i alternate between this and another sunscreen.
the only thing i have noticed it its not very moisturizing
i tend to use a serum or other moisturizer with it
my skin is combo
there are no drug store moisturizers that have these ingredients
antioxidants this one has
one of the best moisturizing sunblocks i've tried
this is not the most moisturizing
i still need something more moisturizing as an overnight treatment
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer.
less irrated since switching this moisturizer
protects me from the sun without the irritating effects i usually get from sunscreen
i want to try more boscia products after using this moisturizer
so for those who prefer their daily moisturizer with a pleasant fragrance
this ivory-colored moisturizer has spf 30
this is the daily moisturizer i've been waiting for
this one is the perfect moisturizer with the protection i want
definialtly up there with top sunscreens
i am a sunscreen freak
its not a mattifying moisturizer
for having spf and moisturization this is great.
it also claims to have vitamins in it
this is the best sunscreen/moisturizer i've ever used
i've used basically every sunscreen on the market
this one has the consistency of a serum
day creams i've tried in the past
this is the best moisturizing sunscreen i've used
it's a great moisturizer and is spf 30!
this product truly is a sunscreen
this is a good daily moisturizer for me.
this moisturizer isn't heavy
this is a light moisturizer with great spf 30 protection
the ones with zinc
how my mineral makeup looks over it
i don't love that it has octinoxate which is one of the most toxic active ingredients in sunscreens
it also has avobenzone which is one of the safes
always have to use a matte finishing powder
i love that the moisturizer is non greasy
this is a good basic moisturizer.
this is the only moisturizer i will use.
moisturizer did for me
i am genetically predisposed to skin cancer
i love this moisturizer!
it's thin, yet extremely moisturizing.
has spf for daytime use
daily moisturizer with at leas an spf of 15
this is the first lotion with spf that i have like
i usually stick with the bb creams.
this is a great daily moisturizer.
it is lightweight and fragrance free.
it is a definite anti aging lotion.
some spf moisturizers can be too thick
great moisturizer that doesn't leave my face feeling slick like some thicker sunscreen-based moisturizers
loved this super hydrating moisturizer with spf!
felt more like regular moisturizer
love the antioxidants and the high spf.
though i'd suggest using a primer before any kind of moisturizing foundation
this moisturizer works on every level
i am in the market for a new moisturizer
it goes on like a light moisturizer
i used the regular moisturizer with spf 15 by boscia
i tried the oil-free moisturizer with spf 15 by boscia
it is light and airy, but very moisturizing.
this is a great sunscreen to wear everyday.
it's non greasy, matte, and chemical free.
also this moisturizer comes in a pump which keeps the product from loosing its antioxidant benefits
most sunscreens have chemicals
this has to be the only sunscreen that not only stays matte for hours
also doesn't dry out my skin unlike the shiseido oil free sunscreen
any moisturizer containing spf makes me break out
tried this as a bi sample since i was out of sunscreen
can burn if i don't use sunscreen
product was lightweight yet moisturizing with a non-offensive smell
does not smell like sunscreen.
still moisturizing enough for the dry patches
this is enough of a moisturizer for day
the antioxidants were definitely a selling point
i like the texture of the moisturizer
this sunscreen is great.
i only need one pump to moisturizer
this is the only sunscreen it has done this with
i needed a daily spf lotion
though not super-moisturizing
together with my serum
while not an intensive moisturizer
this is the moisturizer i have been searching for
many times the higher the sunscreen
greasy the moisturizer can be
this is not an intensive moisturizer.
easy lotion which provides spf 30 coverage
to make it more moisturizing
this serum is very moisturizing.
more hydrating than a lot of the other oils i have tried
patted on to the skin after your serum
then your moisturizer only if you need additional hydration
mix a couple of drops in my moisturizer in the morning
a drop mixed with my daytime spf moisturizer is fine
i specifically did a search for non-comedogenic moisturizer on sephora
at night over your acne treatments
if you like boscia's revitalizing black hydration gel
you'll love this moisturizer
8oz more product in this jar
i found a moisturizer that mattifies
i love this moisturizer.
it is super hydrating
it's not overly moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
my holy grail every day moisturizer.
it's amazing how moisturizing it is being oil-free
this moisturizer is extremely hydrating for a product that is oil free
perfect gel moisturizer for sensitive
finally found a gel cream that is hydrating enough
this moisturizer is perfect at hydrating my dry areas
i love this moisturizer!
i tried other lotions
i highly recommend this moisturizer for those who have dry/combo skin
this moisturizer addressed all three things.
i used this tonight after the nars purifying foam cleanser
if your on the fence about this moisturizer
use it after toner before my serum
acne treatments to help them glide on
that performs like this serum
was recommended that i use this along with the moisturizer
i tried the serum with my usual moisturizer
the way i use this product is in conjunction with my regular moisturizer
it works really well as a moisturizing primer before your foundation
i apply moisturizer or sleeping mask
i cleanse my face
make them drink tons of lemon water
i've gone through so many moisturizers
this is the only one that moisturizes
at night followed by serums
this is the best hydrating mask in the beauty industry
yet i keep it under my tinted moisturizer
you can use it as a substitute for a moisturizer in the morning or a night gel at night
the one thing i will say is that this is a great product for your daily moisturizing routine
this is my holy grail moisturizer.
this moisturizer changed my skin.
this cream is pricey
has a long lasting moisturizer
it's extremely moisturizing but i have dry skin.
i apply this to my face right before applying lotion
i've used it in combination with the nars purifying cleanser
i would recommend this to any skin type as it is super hydrating
this is one pricey moisturizer
after i started using the toner
this moisturizing cream is the best!!!
i add this to my moisturizer every night for an extra boost of hydration
hydrates my skin before my make up application
i get a feeling of irritation with most moisturizers in the cheek region
i saw all these other oils on the market that had other ingredients like vitamin c
promised to not only moisturize
this plus some glycolic acid serum is life saving right now
i saw immediate effects from the extra moisturizing
it's unscented and not at all irritating.
a beauty expert at sephora recommended this oil
it is moisturizing without being greasy.
just a great moisturizing oil that's light
i used the maracuja oil from tarte before
moisturizer without being heavy
my skin feels great after i use this product as a sealant
i can never find a moisturizer/cream that works
it hydrates my skin
some evenings i will mix it with my moisturizer
i usually mix an oil with my moisturizer or serum at night
since i have pigmentation from past acne
use some rose water spray
blends well with my other moisturizer
even if i use a mattifying primer
after an unfortunate over exfoliating mishap this beauty oil saved me
i mix it with my moisturizer or foundation
after my vitamin c serum i just put 4 drops
healing of some picked acne
my skin gets dry after wash my face or exfoliating
now mixed with the black hydration gel
i just put two drops in with my night moisturizer or serum
i am super picky about lotions, and serums.
i add 4 drops to 1 pump of my moisturizer
i started using a brightening serum
it nourishes my skin
i am never buying another facial moisturizer again
i mix 3 drops with my moisturizer in the am
love it and will buy the exfoliating powder next!
shiny after i shampoo it out
at night with or over my creams
the josie maran face oils
i like to mix a drop or two of oil with my moisturizer in the morning
i wear this under the pomegranate moisturizer from korres
which was not moisturizing enough alone
my skin is combination
my skin is combination.
should i this tsubaki oil or josie maran argan oil
tinted moisturizer or full foundation
after letting my night/eye serum sink in
with the exception of pms pimples
moisturizing enough to hydrate the skin
i've tried so many face cleansers
feel like i'm washing with lotion
i've always loved the clinique foaming cream cleanser
which most creamy cleansers do not
i needed a cleanser that was more moisturizing
this cleanser takes care of it all
this time for this cleanser
i like a cleanser that suds.
i got a sample of the origins cleanser while buying their mascara
creamy lather that cleanses
i find foaming cleanser to be all-in-all a bit drying
it's a good serum that's moisturizing
since it can pill
have just the serum on my face
i usually use ampoule before serums
after one day of using the gel cream
low for a hydrating serum that wasn't oily
the moisturizing benefits i get from it are unmatched by anything i've ever tried
does a great job moisturizing
lessens the redness of acne
break out with most moisturizers
the skin care lady put this moisturizer on my cheeks
i just haven't found any other daily moisturizer that is hydrating enough
i'd use it as lotion for my h
this fresh product is a gel cream
i need a moisturizer to protect my face from the sun
this product helped with my acne
it moisturizers the skin all in one
not a moisturizer for deep conditioning or treatment
i've used plenty of gel moisturizers both high-end
i love this as a very natural moisturizer.
it is light but super moisturizing!
especially just after exfoliation
clinique redness solutions foundations
nicely complements the soy cleanser
this was my second purchase of the fresh rose hydrating gel cream
all the ingredients are natural
more skin care products
it's not moisturizing enough to replace my night time moisturizer
can work as a serum-like product
i do like this moisturizer
in the winter months i don't think its that hydrating
is moisturizing for a gel
for all day hydration
i've tried just about every moisturizer on the market
every moisturizer on the market it feels like.
of course once winter rolls around i think this may not be moisturizing enough
this is the perfect nighttime moisturizer for summer
this moisturizer contains oil
i just use my supergoop spf serum underneath this
i love this gel cream.
i never used moisturizer
only ever used serum
during the day a sunscreen on top of that
the moisturizer sits well under my makeup
especially after i exfoliate
it does due to the hyaluronic acid
it is moisturizing enough to keep my dry skin from flaking
this moisturizer does both!
especially in conjunction with a serum/oil
the consistency is like a serum
testing different moisturizing samples
i wash with fab cleanser
i struggle with rosacea
this rose gel cream really moisturized my skin
i would still consider using this moisturizer for my oily skin because i use oil controlling makeup
i also use the fresh soy cleanser
i ordered the gel cream
has great moisturizing capabilities
i don't think people realize that a serum is meant to be used before your normal moisturizer as a boost to your routine because serum penetrates the dermis deeper than a cream
it is a gel cream
like many gel moisturizers
i wouldn't use this for heavy duty moisturizing though
tried so many moisturizers
not only does the rose hydrating gel cream provide just enough moisture
this product is super hydrate
this is a really big deal for me because it can take multiple applications of creams after serum to get rid of my dryness
this is a good moisturizer.
best morning cleanser to use before applying makeup
this is my nighttime moisturizer
however, the gel moisturizes even better.
eczema face a real treat
use it as night lotion
i used the fresh clay moisturizer before which was great
i prefer gel moisturizers
i used clinique's moisture surge gel
i love that this moisturizer from fresh comes in a pump
i just combine it with fresh umbrian clay mattifying serum
yet i needed a moisturizer
this gel cream is amazing.
it still is extremely moisturizing
can't wait to try the rose serum!
soy moisturizer with spf20
large container too in comparison to a serum.
use an oil based cleanser first
after i cleanse my face with a cleansing oil
as well as removing my concealer
as i have an eye makeup remover for that
this product soothes the redness
i think this cleanser is working to rejuvenates
i just started using the fresh rose toner
the scent is very herbal
if i need to exfoliate the brown sugar polish
might i add i have psoriasis
i love this cleanser.
if used occasionally with an exfoliant
i enjoy this foamy cleanser
the result is an aromatic facial massage + cleanse
the smell is a little strong just like the soy cleanser
even takes of my mascara
i started using this cleanser and its amazing.
this is actually a lot more moisturizing than people give it credit for
especially for long-wear mascara
i suggest the soy face cleanser
in addition w the rose toner
this cleanser not a good makeup remover
it is a cleanser, it is not a makeup remover.
i remove makeup with soy cleanser- which is meant to remove makeup- even my eye makeup
cleans like a foam vs a milk or oil
i love this cleanser!
hydrating effect this has on my skin
usually use fresh's soy face cleanser
this cleanser gives you the benefits of both in one product-- it's just as gentle as the soy cleanser
i used it last night followed by fresh's new hydrating rose gel cream
it is not scented and it is not synthetic.
i do not use a moisturizer with this product.
my skin loves rosehip oil
whichever nighttime serum you use
moisturizes without any pain
this product hydrates my skin
you can mix this product with a moisturizer to create a tinted cream
love the scent of this facial oil
especially paired with truth serum
this absorbs completely when i use it with my serum
i got introduced to this oil by purchasing a holiday duo with my fave truth serum
the vitamin c anti aging collagen booster
acne-prone skin because it is rich in lineoleic oil rather than oleic oil
like with foundation with mineral veil
after either oh truth serum or invigorating night treatment
this brightens and moisturizers the best.
bb cream as my makeup routine
also this is not a moisturizer
in combination with the collagen booster from ole
i am now on my second bottle of this serum
i mix one drop of this in with my moisturizer
massage in over a hydrating spray
i also use the truth serum during the day
this product definitely enhances the day serum
the serum in the am
does a good job of light-moisturizing
love this product at night with the truth serum over top
you can really smell the oranges in the vitamin c
because moisturizers should go on afterwards
i've repurchased this as well as the collagen booster
i am going to try using my clinique moisturizer after
really massage it into my skin before the clinique custom repair serum
i usually use help me by philosophy as my retinoid at night
5 pump to my night time moisturizer
this is a must-have in my beauty regimen.
perfect to pair with his truth serum!
i've used it as a moisturizer on days when i don't wear makeup
powder during the day
truth serum collagen booster 4.
i feel that this product in combination with the collagen serum are diminishing my freckles
the comments about this being smelly orange oil -- it's definitely because the main ingredient in this serum is rosehip seed oil
use with the truth serum collagen booster i got in three little wonders pack
it can be a challenge to work into skin especially after the truth serum
love it, very moisturizing!
apply directly after the youth serum
as in don't let the serum fully dry before starting to apply the oil or the serum will dry on your freshly cleaned skin
i love this product with or without the truth serum
have oily skin with hormonal acne
the collagen truth serum
tangerine essential oils normally mask the scent of the rosehip oil pretty well
i feel in love with my skin after being givenice a sample of truth serum at my local sephora
i cleanse my face with my clairsonic then use the truth serum
oh advanced hydration creme
beautiful serum that helps with scars.
or just with the vitamin c truth serum
tangerine essential oils in a vitamin e
i can't hang with synthetic scents
with the exception of the 3-in-1 cleanser
i add 1 little pump into my daytime moisturizer
besides using sunscreen everyday
it straight up smells like a fish oil vitamin
i think it did help moisturizing
the new serum during the day
have used wrinkle resist 24 -hr eye cream for some time
decided to try bio-performance super corrective eye cream
tiniest amt needed to super-hydrate undereye lines
is more moisturizing compared to philosophy
i find the bio-performance is perhaps a bit less emollient
this eye cream instantly hydrates
i received several sample cards of this along with the bio-performance correcting facial serum
hydrate the eye area so that my layers of color correctors
now my concealer goes on well
the best thing about this cream is that it's very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
it even works great during the day under concealer
many eye creams burn
shiseido bio-performance syper corrective eye cream is for you
quality skin type appropriate moisturizer
has struck the right balance between sufficient moisturizing effect
that just wasn't providing the moisturizing i need
i am on my second bottle of shiseido's bio-performance super corrective eye cream
that it's very moisturizing
more effective because antioxidant
the eye cream works well under concealer.
are cheaper eye creams
hair care products with ones that do not contain parabens
eye creams is where you splurge
inside of it was a sample of the super corrective eye cream
while not a miracle cream
at first i thought this is a crazy expensive cuticle cream
it's not very moisturizing
it seems to work better over a serum or cream.
the balm moisturizes my skin so well
face self tanner made
extra chemicals since the tanner doesn't work
the smell of self tanners
since i have oily skin it is moisturizing enough for me
i mix this daily w my origins tinted moisturizer or origins cc
i've tried many anti-aging/brightening serums from sephora
make sure though to pat the serum on face
so vitamin c is great for your skin as it's an antioxidant that prevents aging in the first place
when combined with sunscreen it protects the skin from the damaging effects of the sun
i've always been on a lookout for a good vitamin c serum
where do l start.....this serum is god sent.
i think l have found my serum for life.
the perricone vit c ester products changed my life
the doctors prescribed bleaching cremes
the sales girl at sephora recommended this serum to me
i love this serum and the whole line of products!
this is one of the best vitamin c serums out there
it's my secret serum !!
vitamin c is a necessary part of a good skin care regimen--
i've tried lots of vitamin c products
gentle, non-irritating form of vitamin c serum.
this is my favorite vitamin c product from perricone
i always try the vitamin c ester creams in 4 small tubes
i wanted to give a try to the serum.
it recommends you put moisturizer on top of it
since using this serum
i've purchased this serum twice.
i first purchased it because a senhora girl recommended it stating that it was one of the most stable vitamin c serums on the shelf
the rest of the serum is useless
oz recommended vitamin c serum with phytoceramide
this serum really works.
needles to get this serum
i also think this is the best c serum out there.
this product is a miracle in a bottle.
i put this beautiful serum on
this is despite my getting my routine filler injections
the l acyl-glutathione
i need to decide if this is better than the skinceuticals vitamin c serum
completely hydrates my skin.
i love this moisturizer!
when i use this moisturizer
i do notice a few more breakouts when using this moisturizer daily
this moisturizer hydrated my skin
i recommend for combination skin since it gives a light hydration
if you are familiar with gel moisturizers
it also works as a primer for my concealer
i love this moisturizer!
i love a gel moisturizer
i wouldn't use this moisturizer
i just love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is so hydrating
while this moisturizer is so said to be gel
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer is lightweight
it hydrates my skin
it is perfect moisturizer for my acne prone skin type as it contains salicylic acid which helps to prevent
this moisturizer is light weight
provides perfect hydration to my combination skin
n love with the scent of this moisturizer
it's great on days when i just need a moisturizing pick-me-up
this moisturizer is perfect for the summer since it is light weight
it keeps me moisturizer all day
this hydrating moisturizer is a delight!
i loved the moisturizer.
now i am normally not a fan of gel moisturizers
i think i found my new daily moisturizer!
i find it to be a lightweight moisturizer on the skin
i found this moisturizer to be lightweight
i like the light weight texture of this moisturizer
this product moisturizers without making your skin oily
i love that this moisturizer is lightweight
i love this lightweight moisturizer
i would definitely recommend this moisturizer for those with combination or acne prone skin
i only give this 4 stars because it is't very moisturizing
f my skin is really dry i need to use a hydrating primer
my new go to moisturizer :)
this gel moisturizer was part of that set
this moisturizing gel has changed the game for me
i love this moisturizer!
it is extremely moisturizing, but in gel form.
a daily moisturizer lacking spf means i must apply a 2nd product
moisturizing but don't notice a crazy difference.
i changed foundation, mascara, bronzer.
i like this moisturizer in the morning
this moisturizer is light weight
i love this moisturizer!
this gel moisturizer does exactly what it claims!
the first thing that i noticed about this gel moisturizer was the texture
drier types could use this in combination with a serum during the day
this would be a lovely moisturizer to use prior to makeup applications
after using the ginzing refreshing scrub i use this
t's perfect for an everyday moisturizer
this is a great lightweight moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer!!
refreshing moisturizer that gives a sheer coating
lancer spf is my favorite morning moisturizer
some moisturizers can have a chemical smell to them
i absolutely love it it is so moisturizing
like every other moisturizer i use
some lotions i have used would soak in
loving this new moisturizer!
this moisturizer helps me hydrate it throughout the day
it helps to moisturize it while i sleep
looks with this moisturizer on
which is very moisturizing to my under eyes
refresh my skin while intensively moisturizing it
the moisturizer is gel based
this moisturizer feels like no other
this cream is super moisturizing mi face tends to be very greasy
hydrates the skin for hours
i mostly opted for light face oils or whatever moisture i could get from my sunscreen
when i started using this gel cream
i love the gel consistency
not an intense moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
while it is formulated with coffee bean
this product smells amazing and is moisturizing.
add on more sunscreen lotion on my face
this moisturizer is heaven.
it is very moisturizing on the skin
whether it be creams
i really loved this gel moisturizer by origins.
it's moisturizing enough to give my skin good moisture
i love this moisturizer.
i don't use any foundation or tinted moisturizers
it was way too moisturizing to use with liquid foundation
i've tried many silicone-based primers to work with my favorite silicone foundation
i can easily compensate with my pre-makeup moisturizing routine
it absorbs my oils
i found it to be hydrating
i've used murad perfecting serum as my primer base for such a long time
for reference my skin reacts well to the retinol firming
lifting serum in this line
i wish it was a bit more moisturizing
i love this pore corrector anti-aging primer!!
the formula feels like a light moisturizer going on
5 pumps of this to about the same of algenist's regenerative anti-aging lotion
i spritz make up fixative sprays
yet i have to wear foundation/concealer due to hyper pigmentation
an anti-aging primer that contains salicylic acid
so many primers are just silicone
i like this moisturizer
but, it is not an anti- wrinkle cream.
i am a very open botox and juvederm patient.
this is the moisturizer for you
for 3+ years i've been using neutrogena as a moisturizer
never think to use sunscreen so having it built into my daily moisturizer is perfect
i deal with hormonal acne
i call the eye cream my life kit.
i only use it at night under moisturizer.
dennis gross daily peel pads with this serum
this is the only retinol serum my skin can tolerate
i definitely reccommend this serum
especially if you would like to try a retinol product
this serum will change you life
this is the best non-prescription retinol product i have used
5 retinol in the past by a br
my dermatologist said i must start using a retinol if i care about my skin
it is lightly moisturizing
it's my go-to serum.
this serum smoothed out fine lines
this was the last serum that i tried from them
i love this serum
oily feel of other / most serums
since it does have retinol
ptr anti wrinkle cleanser
for preventative measures as well as clearing up small acne with the retinol
this is an amazing serum!
i tried this serum for about 1 month.
i did not mind the serum
i researched a ton of different serums
also the algenist genius vitamin c serum as well
i get botox for my crows' feet
use the algenist genius serum 2x a day
want aalll the benefits of a retinol
use to a retinol to keep my skin flawless
i do not find is moisturizing
though i do use a moisturizer on top
lots of moisturizers create that separation/oil slick look
this product introduces me to serums.
paired with moisturizer this is the bomb
i've used algenist serum for at least a year
at night i use their skin cream
even though this serum is expensive
retinol was one of them
i love this product for it reduces my redness in my skin
it's an awesome anti-aging serum.
just remember to wear a sunscreen when using retinol
i started using the eye serum
genius cream after applying the firming
after showing me how to apply the concealer
wasn't doing enough moisturizing
lifting serum being the first
lightweight, hydrating,non-greasy.
this serum does not break me out
i still use my moisturizer with it
i can get away with a tinted sunscreen
this is the only retinol i can use.
i love this serum.
don't let water touch retinol
i first tried the retinol firming
lifting serum through their
when the retinol version came out
it does everything the regular serum did with the added benefit of retinol
that every dermatologist recommends for aging skin
perfect serum, amazing results.
after applying the retinol serum
lifting cream or the algenist anti-aging moisturizer
i did not break out from this serum
i love that a firming serum with retinol isn't drying like others i've used
it doesn't feel like it's moisturizing although it's also an anti-wrinkle serum
we have all used moisturizers
i've experimented with infrequent botox injections for crows feet
this is the retinol that i've been waiting for!
moisturizer user for years
i loved the original algenist serum
this product works for my skin.
found another similar serum for much less at the drug store
the algenist reconstructing serum daytime
what a pleasant surprise with this serum
used the other algenist reconstructing serum in the daytime
algenist comes darn close with this serum
once one uses the serum for 10 days---
with the sunscreen at a younger age
with the full-size serum
eye serums for the price of the full-size serum
some of their products just don't do it for me---like the firming eye serum
i do combine this with the algenist regenerative moisturizer as part of my daily face routine
still love other serums for my face: clarins
this didn't feel drying like some retinol products
then apply moisturizer after
i just ordered their moisturizer
after reading a magazine's article on retinol products
that's what botox is for folks
since i tried this serum with the 10 day trial packets
any dermatologist will tell you that.
i can really see the difference this serum has made
i tried the daily moisturizer
i wanted a probiotic moisturizer
when i look for a summertime moisturizer
i've also used it over my prescription retinoids
combo skin with rosacea
i hate moisturizers for oily skin
this moisturizer was a godsend!!!
it's moisturizing but with zero oiliness.
until i found korres yoghurt sleeping facial
i like this sleeping facial over the korres wild rode + vitamin c advanced brightening sleeping facial
the wild rose + vitamin c is too fragranced
the greek yogurt also feels more nourishing
i figured the probiotics in the yogurt can help my over production of yeast
the overnight facial is the best hydrating "mask" i've ever used
it helps nourish my skin
this review is for the yogurt item
this is the only moisturizer i use.
this product is a miracle cream.
during the day under my foundation or bronzing powder
i apply it over my serum
this product is a skin saver!
it's so moisturizing that even after i wash it off in the morning my face is still moisturized during the day
my skin drinks it in.
purchase this sleeping facial
have never been more delighted with a moisturizing product
i am avoiding all of my old retinoid products as they are unsafe for pregnancy
way too irritating for hormonal
after trying several of the korres moisturizers
i find it is an excellent night time moisturizer over my serum
this is a quality overnight moisturizer
this moisturizer relieves my dry skin
i tried many different moisturizers
love the marketing "yogurt" "facial" it is neither
rinse off kind of facial
i highly recommend this korres "facial-in-a-jar."
apply the overnight sleep facial
it is super hydrating
which doesn't smell like yogurt at all
i would liken it to milk product cleansers
s as well as $200 creams
it feels moisturizing without being overwhelmingly sticky or heavy
there is no yogurt or milk smell at all.
does moisturize-remember- nothing erases wrinkles except surgery
use it over my ester lauder advanced night repair
this product is basically a moisturizer
wasn't so excited about a heavy moisturizing product
really solid basic moisturizing product.
i like a lot of korres products--there's a tube of their body lotion cooling in the fridge as i type--
the feeling--it's like drinking milk after being awoke by an ulcer
i still use my moisturizer on top of the application of lotus oil
this works well on my acne prone skin!!
i am combination skin
i'll take needing extra lotion over acne any day
this oil is amazing for long-term moisturizing
not moisturizing at all
i even go to the dermatologist
this oil is supposed to purify
i've tried other facial oils
this cream is very rich and moisturizing!
over an exfoliating toner
with the help of other acne products
the oil has really helped to purify my skin
i put it on after using an exfoliating wipe
i am oil/combine skin
i totally believe in using minimal products to balance the skin rather than trying every new exfoliating serum
used natural emu oil on my skin
i've used the josie maran argan oil
i left with a new moisturizer
facial serum in addition to a generous sample of the lotus oil
i will add now that i only exfoliate
after about 5 weeks don't use any makeup to blend my skin tone or cover redness
2 drops with my murad skin perfecting lotion
always using an acne cream
purchased the lotus facial oil
i read an article on face oil recently saying that rosemary oil was good for acne prone skin
has also helped minimize my pores my complexion looks amazing i use this product at night after cleansing with clarins gentle foaming cleanser i have not experienced any breakouts i love this product
it feels moisturizing when you put it on
this oil has the most amazing herbal scent ever
follow with my clarin's night cream for combo skin
use an exfoliant in the morning because i do wake up little oily
i put it over my serum and moisturizer.
use a sunscreen during the day
after trying several moisturizers
i realize that any quality moisturizer for older
i found that mixing this cream with another
such as clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
this cream was like a miracle in a jar
the sunscreen factor is so nice
still provides all the levels of moisturizing you may need
almost works like a primer as well as a moisturizer
this moisturizer is h
s down one of the best with sunscreen
get the awful taste of sunscreen or headache from the smell like other spf moisturizers
a good sunscreen is important that provides long lasting coverage
low for a moisturizer with minimum spf 30
plus it has sunscreen.
i want spf to protect my skin
i love the light-weight coverage the sunscreen in this product provides
just a little bit of bronzer
this is a great spf daily moisturizer.
with sunscreen that i am not allergic to
super moisturizing for it
cannot use chemical sunscreen so since this product uses titanium dioxide i thought i would try it
with the serum foundation it is just right
i am guessing this is caused by the titanium dioxide barrier sunscreen
used an oil free moisturizer from neutrogena
i started my search for better moisturizer with perricone md
the white cleanser detoxes my skin
it's so hard finding a moisturizer that is hydrating with a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one
does not have a sunscreen smell.
it's moisturizing without leaving my skin oily.
if i even open a bottle of sunscreen
is the first sunscreen that doesn't make my acne worse
it is the lightest weight sunscreen i have ever tried
which never happens with other sunscreens
i've known for a while that sunscreen is a must
i typically cannot wear mineral-only sunscreens on my face
not even serums aimed at hydrating
this is my hg daily moisturizer
titanium dioxide or zinc oxide
i am used to a thicker moisturizer.
the neuropeptide leaves my skin looking chalky.
it is also the only product with sunscreen that has not clogged my pores
i put it on after my serum
the sunscreen leaves no visible whiteness or ashiness
first daily moisturizer with an spf that actually moisturizes
love this because i wanted something that was moisturizing
i also use perricone md concentrated restorative cream
face finishing moisturizer at night
it had excellent moisturizing qualities
it's a good light to medium moisturizer.
doesn't make my makeup slide off like a lot of sunscreen moisturizers have in the past
i am loving this moisturizer for every day.
apply this in the mornings after having first applying both toner
it's not as moisturizing as finishing moisturizer
will go back to layering ffm with a sunscreen
with non of the tell-tale white caste that's prevalent in titanium dioxide-based sunscreens
this is a product that has the muscle of uva-uvb protection
goes on light but is moisturizing.
after about 3 months of using this great sunscreen
go girl so after washing my face i moisturize with this
i just love this moisturizer with spf 30.
the world's most perfect anti-aging moisturizer with spf
moisturize your skin throughout the day
this sunscreen is wonderful
i actually thought it was a mattifying moisturizer
sensitive skin that breaks out with many sunscreen products
i love the fact that it is a working anti-aging moisturizer
does not have that "sunscreen" thickness or scent
i usually used clarins spf 40 face lotion
this one is more hydrating
i prefer the face finishing moisturizer over this one
this cream is light
wear on top of my sephora moisturizer
such as the lancôme spf 15 moisturizer
this is a great moisturizer when i need some extra moisture
i layer this over cold plasma
radiance with perricone photo plasma vs
photo plasma works great to keep my skin moisturized
has been chapping my face even wearing the other sunscreen/moisturizer i was using
love this lightweight moisturizer!
it is super moisturizing
a very light hint of sunscreen
as it seems to be a great sunscreen
more moisturizing than when i actually bought it
am still iso a heavy moisturizing
leave you looking dewey type moisturizer
this is the first sunscreen that doesn't irritate my skin
i'd been trying lots of day moisturizers with sunscreen
feel of regular sunscreen on your face
the feel of this cream is like a mousse
nothing out of the ordinary compared with other sunscreen creams i have tried
i love this serum!
this serum makes my skin so smooth and radiant.
the protein based product
at first i used this as a singular serum
amazing serum for people looking to stave off aging
apply under moisturizer am
this serum is rich in hyaluronic acid
firming skin in one day
i decided to try this serum
no stickiness like other serums.
use a lighter serum during the day
time to add anti aging care to my moisturizing
this serum is amazing
this serum is simply amazing.
i applied the serum for months
was a bit skeptical about trying a youth activating serum
it's a really good serum
i really like this serum
all around a good serum.
ter as my moisturizer
put the clinique gel moisturizer on after
the eye serum from this line is not worth it
just go with the face serum.
i really like this serum
this serum penetrates skin
hydrates before you can even say hydration
it's the best serum out there
this serum literally transformed by skin!
i don't even need moisturizer
works really well in conjunction with the visionnaire serum
had nothing to do w/ this serum
this serum is amazing
usually serums cause acne with my skin
this serum exceeded my expectations.
i think this serum also helps my face cream absorb better
i recommend this serum highly
this serum forms the basis of my entire routine.
it's the most effective base serum available: it eclipses any serum i have previously used
have access to a lot of skin regimens
by far this is the best facial serum you can get without a prescription
i love this serum
applying the serum first
i never had a serum before
s for the facial cream
i tried to give a shot by using it with this serum
n love with the serum i had to
i put this magical serum on my face
could be more moisturizing
i used josie maran's argan oil before bed every night
i cant praise this serum enough
it does it all this serum!
no serum has made me want to switch from this serum
i got this serum as a reward.
replace my current everyday serum
the redness i had from some hormone-related acne is gone
i put this serum before using my favorite lotion
sk-ii facial treatment essence
decided to purchase the serum
as i love the cleanser
on top of my moisturizer
very moisturizing and makes my makeup better.
have been loving layering this over my moisturizer usually at night
have a multivitamin in an oil form for my skin
it's great for after microdermabrasion or even face masks
your skin just soaks up the vitamins
over all i fell like it helped moisturize my skin
smells like a bad herbal medicine.
then tata harper rejuvenating serum
this natural elixir is the perfect remedy
i love the olé henrickson vitamin c serum
my skin routine consisted of using the ren aha concentrate followed by this serum daily
going into the winter i am adding a moisturizer
the serum itself provides a bit of moisture in addition
feeding it nutrients topically
i love that all the ingredients are natural
linalool or they get it from natural sources
this moisturizer is lightweight
i am allergic to squalane which is in everything
for the brightening serum
i really like this moisturizer for daytime.
moisturizers with the mask
works miracles when you use with the cleanser.
it has a gel texture
plus i have a bum thyroid which makes my skin suuuuper dry
works as a gentle peel/exfoliator + deep cleanser + plus a brightening effect all in one
followed by my normal moisturizers
i typically do with other exfoliation products
it also helps as a spot treatment for acne
i much prefer ren glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
i used in place of an exfoliant
i love the natural ingredients
this mask has a gel like consistency
bonus in that it doesn't sting/itch like glycolic
this mask is some witchcraft.
it provides a mild exfoliation
the bumps except antibiotics
cleanse it off in the morning with the regenerating cleanser
if you want to detoxify or remove blemishes
it also has a gentle detoxing effect
helps with hormonal breakouts
love the all natural ingredients!
use this mask about 2 times a week after i exfoliate/use a charcoal mask
i used this after i exfoliate
gentle exfoliator that can be used by all skin types
no stinging or burning which can be typical with enzyme masks or beta hydroxy peels
l enjoyed 2 other masks for resurfacing: ren overnight facial
i apply my regular serum or moisturizer
it works great with the regenerating serum.
the ingredients are natural
only with the serum
i love this moisturizer.
i love this lotion!
there is no need for carcinogenic ingredients in any makeup or skincare products
let your skin get used to having natural organic ingredients on it
it smells like herbal medicine
as with all of tata harper's products this scented moisturizer is not for those who are scent sensitive
one pump over the serum does the trick
it's moisturizing without being greasy
i tried this product out along with the rejuvenating serum
only have approx 8% hydration
tried every cream imaginable including cream my dermatologist recommended
moisturizers for combination skin don't do enough
i am a fan of this moisturizer.
works wonders on acne
can have bad hormonal breakouts
i used the regenerating cleanser in addition with the clarifying cleanser
dry feeling after i wash my face which is typical with acne medicated cleansers
an effective cleanser will allow the serums
you want a gentle daily exfoliator
even if you are using retinoids
i love this cleanser
this is such a soothing cleanser.
there aren't many exfoliating beads in it
i love this exfoliator.
using this for both my cleanser
this works wonders for my super dry skin with rosacea
i treat this as more of an exfoliant than a complete cleanser
i love this cleanser.
its claim is natural fragrance
it is a creamy cleanser with little exfoliating things inside
i often just concentrate on moisturizers
exfoliates like nothing i've ever tried
the exfoliating factor has been keeping me flake free
removes all of my makeup save a little mascara.
this is a non foaming all natural daily exfoliator
all of tattoo's cleansers are good
hydrating for my skin which is normal
it's super gentle on my sensitive combo skin where i can use a chemical exfoliator afterwards
this exfoliating cleanser is truly gentle enough to use morning
i simply use this as a cleanser then light serum for moisture
first apply to dry skin to activate the enzymes
it's an amazing cleanser that cleanses
on my dry face to activate the enzymes
use the tata harper lotion after cleansing
then anti-aging serum
i don't want to over-exfoliate
tata did a whole video about how you should use this cleanser to exfoliate daily during your morning routine
who told me you don't need to exfoliate daily
i love this serum.
i love this cleanser for morning time.
i love that the ingredients are free of harsh chemicals
use it in the morning to mildly exfoliate my face before makeup application
i like to exfoliate daily
i now love this cleanser
a cleanser with a mild exfoliant.
this is a great almost-daily exfoliator.
a few hormonal zits here
i remove my makeup with an oil cleanser
this is probably the perfect exfoliant.
this cleanser is pricey
love this cleanser, specially in the am.
opt for chemical exfoliants
as i only use cleansing balms/oils for that
this cleanser is the perfect amount of scrub
this stuff is amazing at both exfoliating
even moisturizes at the same time
smooth after using this cleanser
this cleanser is non-drying
i like the serum, just recently got it.
the exfoliating agent in it is super fine
i developed an allergy to it in the form of contact dermatitis under both eyes
have no idea what i'm allergic to
then i met regenerating cleanser
really love this exfoliating cleanser
more watery like yogurt
only giving 4 stars b/c i think this should be more targeted as mechanical exfoliant rather than a cleanser
this cleanser is super concentrated
gives the perfect amount of exfoliation for daily use
apply after hydrating mist
this serum immediately fixes both of those problems
i love the ingredients in this serum
it has all the right properties for the perfect anti-aging/prevention serum
when i use it in combination with her rejuvenating cleanser
we’ve received some feedback regarding the scent of our rejuvenating serum
all of our products are free of synthetic ingredients
contain no artificial fragrances
combined with rosehip seed oil
this product has the typical serum scent
restorative this serum is
use a different serum during the day
after using this serum for a month the lines started to pump up
the way this serum helps with my darks spot is amazing
can't use the prescription products my derm normally advises
this serum packs a powerful kick to your anti aging regime
which is not very typical in a serum
this antiaging face serum lives up to its claims.
i love this serum and all of th products.
am on my second bottle of the rejuvenating serum
relieved to know that the fragrances in th are from natural plant oils
acts more like a face cream than a serum to me
from using acne products
including the rejuvenating serum
this serum smells amazing
this serum goes on great after using the floral toner
this serum has a lotion like texture that absorbs quickly
i really like this serum for evening out the complexion
this serum is vegan
it's more creamy than "serum"
even better if you use toner
this serum is my favorite.
as a both th moisturizers i've tried
creamy serum that feels like lotion
i massage a generous pump of the serum into my skin
as in some serums
the elusive 'well-rested' effect is achieved with this miraculous serum
healthy after only 1 week of this serum
especially if i add one of the moisturizers on top
the green glass bottle with the pump keeps the serum fresh
i don't get why folks are adverse to the herbal scent of this product
smells herbal vs manufactured
it is also thicker than most serums i've used
i'd compare the results to my results with algenisit's serum
which many anti-aging creams do
as far as the serum
it smells like jurlique neck serum
this serum has sodium hyaluronate that allows provides fantastic moisture for sensitive skin types
this under the repairative moisturizer one night
i just learned drinking cayenne
are ready for my ginseng eye cream
makeup routine directly after a small dose of caffeine
a little concealer after that
best applied before bedtime
both products contain aloe which is great at depuffing
other eye rollers have fragrance or other synthetic chemicals that have caused me great irritation
the gel is lightweight
the chilled gel reduces puffiness
i found the lotion to be more like a light gel texture
his creams are amazing
i mix a small amount of nars foundation to create a tinted moisturizer for daily use
i wanted a moisturizer that was light enough for daytime use for my combination skin
i can use this moisturizer without upsetting or irritating existing acne
in the past i have had issues with gel moisturizers flaking once i put makeup on
i love this moisturizer.
find this has that same relaxing quality except with additional vitamin c
my skin is combination
moisturizer for my face that i could apply over my serums
the consistency of this is like gel
i follow washing my face with a toner using a facial cotton
this is my new hg cleanser cleans without stripping the oils from my skin
compared to the other brightening cleansers i've bought from sephora
rather than liquid soap
this cleanser deeply purifies my skin without stripping away my natural oils
cleans very well as an exfoliant
a facialist told me i'd "destroyed" my skin's natural barrier using the philosophy microdelivery peel once a week
step up your moisturizer
i love this cleanser.
i really enjoy using this moisturizer for daily use
the balancing moisturizer at night
when my skin is oily i alternate to this moisturizer
no tackiness or sunscreen scent
i needed a moisturizer that wouldn't inflame my skin
this lightweight product is the perfect daytime moisturizer
hydration lasts all day
i break out easily with face moisturizers.
i tried others moisturizers
moisturizer in this line
i started using this simultaneously with ptr acne cleanser to help control my very oily skin
i really wanted to add an spf lotion to my beauty regimen
something that doesn't smell like sunscreen
light, moisturizing, and doesn't cause breakouts.
i think it's hormonal/aging
during the day under my moisturizer
the 8 cc of botox over 8 months ago that is long gone
i put one drop in my night serum
i tried so many different moisturizers
exfoliating products over the last year
wrinkles at all nor did i find to be moisturizing
i love the hydration
great moisturizer for those of use with combo skin
into my pm moisturizer
i've tried a lot of face oils
i've tried layering over several serums hoping it would work
the only one that didn't do this was the perricone vitamin c ester
it blends well with moisturizer
issues from starting retinol
you can usually do just as well moisturizing with products like cerave
it is super hydrating and non-greasy.
i mix a few drops in with my regular moisturizer.
s of dollars on cremes
for years i used josie maran argan oil
a sales person suggested i try some facial oil
i also tried it over an spf moisturizer
apply tinted moisturizer in the morning
unlike the josie maran argan oil i use under my makeup during the day
i've tried out one serum before
very soothing facial oil
i put my oils on over serum
moisturiser before i go to bed under the impression that it helps seal in whatever vital ingredients the serum/moisturiser has as i sleep
i just started using ole henriksen's truth serum on other nights under my nighttime moisturizer
5 ounce sizes of jm's light argan oil
every night i mix the serum with my nighttime moisturizer
i've added it to the rotation of moisturizers
i've tried many moisturizers to combat this
i mix a few drops with my moisturizer morning
my only "problem" is that i've got 3 facial oils that can be used daily
have acne prone skin
retinol serum to counteract any drying effects
i put 2 drops in with my moisturizer before i apply it to make it creamier
i add two drops of it to my moisturizer
i wasnt interested in oils since i have a host of menopausal skin problems
it does an amazing job of providing just the right amount of moisturizing benefits--even during these summer months
at 26 i'm not in the market for an $80 anti-aging serum
sulfur and acids didn't do a thing.
using this serum once daily has cleared up my acne almost completely
i don't have acne
hormonal breakouts all the time
use either essential oil or hydrating gel instead of cream
use a more lightweight oil control moisturizer in the morning
after olehenriksen afican red tea cleanser
it's like a liquid algae neosporin!
my skin had been doing very well with the exfoliating regimen with a vitamin c serum
i switched out the c serum for this oil
this product has proven itself as a moisturizer
i went to sephora to buy my regular moisturizer
i saw the oils
pat on after my toner
i still have to use a moisturizing serum before
the oils that don't leave a film on my skin usually aren't moisturizing enough for me
it's definitely one of the best facial oils i've tried
tried dozens of anti aging creams
serums on the market
three days of using the oil at bedtime
sensitive skin usually gets with botanical creams
juice beauty's oil free moisturizer
soft skin and balances sebum, dryness.
can't speak to the antiaging abilities of this product
face serum a bit quicker than i would like
i love this serum
i've enjoyed the way this serum sinks into my skin
this is the best serum i've used.
make sure you apply the serum with clean h
this serum diminished the redness in my skin due to acne blemishes within one month
the serum is targeted for anti-aging
this serum actually helped with acne scars
this is my holy grail serum
this serum really makes a difference.
this serum is perfect for all skin types!
i love all estee lauder anti-aging skin care products
sunscreen to keep it bulletproof
this serum made a huge difference to the texture of my skin
i apply it to skin after washing
then apply a hyaluronic acid moisturizer
daily sunscreen- clinique super city block
i apply extra lotion afterwards
my skin is purified
this is a good serum making my skin soft
needs extra support of a more hydrating moisturizer during winter
this helped my skin hydration with no breakout
love,love, love this serum!
used it over a vitamin c serum
i also use this for moisturizing
i am obsessed with this serum.
my friend recommended this serum
i tried so many other serum
this pairs well with any moisturizer
this serum is amazing!
the combination of my skin regimen
which includes applying a vitamin c brightener
this serum definitely enhances the effects of those products
i promise i will never buy another serum
i started applying this serum under my moisturizer before bed
this serum is amazing.
i've only been using this serum for a week
researched the reviews on this serum
i recommend this serum in combination with the estee lauder anti aging moisturizer
i find that it helps my acne
this serum is amazing.
the hyperpigmentation is still there
i recommend this serum to all my friends!
it helps my moisturizer to sink in
i've used it with powder and liquid foundations.
night as i need the hydration
please note that this is -not- a moisturizer
it is a serum you use before your moisturizer
this product is a miracle in a bottle .
i apply this serum on freshly cleansed skin before i apply my moisturizer
overall i love this serum
i've tried so many serums
i wear this under my night time moisturizer.
would burn when i put moisturizer on
this is the best serum hands down.
this is the only serum that i see results with.
this serum is definitely worth it compared to the other expensive serums out in the market
this serum really works wonders!
maybe it's this serum
i mix two drops of this serum with my pm moisturizer
edly the absolute best serum moisturizer on the market
i sometimes have outbreaks of rosacea
this is my favorite miracle serum.
followed by this serum then josie maran argan oil on top
is helping the acne scarring
my mom has used advanced night repair serum for decades
my skin is sensitive to fragrances which makes finding a serum hard to find
this serum is fragrance free and it works.
moisturizers as it helps those products work better
the only serum i've ever used that makes an overnight difference on acne
this serum is on of them
i can't believe i can get that dewy look from a serum
so of course this becomes my most trusty serum!
i believe this serum sort of digests acne bacteria
it feels instant moisturize
especially with the topical treatments
my dermatologist recommended this product to me
it is moisturizing and it gets absorbed quickly.
but, girls, it's serum.
it means you need to use lotion or cream after as a finish
for most type of serum
you need to add lotion or cream to lock it in
night cream to the mix
moisturizing without being heavy
its excellent to use if you don't want to resort to botox
i only use it during day time because i use hydrated serum for night time
i started using this serum day
this serum is the best.
is the holy grail of serums
this serum does not make me oilier
it goes under your normal skin care creams morning
terrific serum to use daily under moisturizer.
i love other serums from estee lauder.
dennis gross ferulic acid + retinol solution
i really love this serum
works well with other treatments as a preventative serum
the name of this serum really suits it well
the anr serum was the first i ever tried
as it is not marketed as a moisturizing serum
before applying this serum
i really like this serum
sunscreen was not heard of in the 70's so now i have sun damaged skin
lotions all to no avail
it is now a part of my everyday skin regimen
smooth after applying this serum
we began to lose collagen
the advanced night serum for the night
bacteria like with jar packaging
this hydrates my skin like no other!
i love this moisturizer.
i typically break out from facial moisturizers
along with the el advanced night repair serum
time trying to find the perfect face lotion
the combo of this moisturizer followed by covergirl 3-1 foundation
plus i have some sunscreen!
very moisturizing yet light
i like this moisturizer
it felt ultra lightweight yet super moisturizing at the same time
it is basically my sunscreen for every day use also
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
along with the serum
like you're really getting a great moisturizing cream
i love getting samples of new moisturizers
plus, it has sunscreen and smells good!
i love this moisturizer!
it can be on the thicker side for moisturizers
i love this moisturizer under makeup
this one has spf
the moisturizer its amazing too
this lotion has done a good job of moisturizing my skin
this is very very similar to lancome spf30 sunscreen
my only complaint is the packaging which exposes the antioxidants to oxygen
i like this gel
most of the emulsion-type moisturizers are oil-absorbing or drying
are targeted towards just light moisturizing
this cream actually provides great moisturizing
he suggested i start using a moisturizer
i also like that it hydrates my combination skin
after the cleanser/mask
it's the best gel type moisturizer i've used for my skin type
it is light gel
i just added the cleansing balm
i've try a lot of anti-aging cream
then this miracle moisturizer
the peroxide used to dry my skin
has helped with acne breakouts i have been having a month after using this tinted moisturizer
i've tried this moisturizer because the manufacturer claims it is "for all skin types"
this under eye serum
the moisturizing cream is very smooth on my skin
i like how moisturizing it is.
i would try different moisturizers
i'll use it as a nightly skin treatment under moisturizer
i also use the estee lauder night repair serum which is phinomenal
i love this cleanser
i love this cleanser
i love this cleanser.
i love this eye serum.
i just started using eye serum this year.
this serum last forever.
i love this serum.
i liked this serum
did not like that i had to use it along with another eye cream since it is a serum
thinking it was just another serum
use it enderneath the eye cream.
this eye serum does make a big difference in my eye care routine
hydrating around the eye area
this cream hydrates and firms like no other!
it did make my eyes look younger by moisturizing my dry skin around the eyes
i love this serum.
after the serum was absorbed in
it doesn't feel moisturizing
it's like a thick gel serum that is super hydrating
i tried other eye creams
i tried lots of different eye creams
this eye gel is my holy grail.
its a bit pricey for a 15ml eye serum thus i dont buy this often
moisturizers without clogging my pores
wrinkles under my eyes from tanning beds
it has more of a gel consistency than a lotion.
my concealer also applies better
it removes my mascara too
i seem to get this mixed up with the crème cleanser
balances forthy face wash for my combo skin
advanced night repair serum
this cleanser worked wonders on my adult acne.
use as the cleanser in the morning
this cleanser does a the job
the estée lauder advanced time zone serum
i always travel with this cleanser
and nothing beats this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
this is my one and only cleanser.
it is moisturizing as well
this is a cleanser that does it all.
this cleanser removes all my makeup
i love it as a face cleanser
holy cow, this cleanser is great!
this cleanser is a joy to use
one of the best cleansers for oily skin on the market
first of all the scent of this cleanser is ahhhmazing
this product contains microbeads which exfoliates the skin
i just purchased the 120ml
helps with my acne, wrinkles, and dryness.
i mix it during the day with the josie maran moisturizer
at night with my night serum
it's great for moisturizing my h
this is the only moisturizer i use daily
those moisturizers were supposed to be for folks with acne issues
my face produces less sebum
this oil is perfect for moisturizing your face
love the jm pure argan oil light- use it daily in the mornings to dilute
mix with my cc cream
i began using josie 's oil cleanser before my regular cleanser/clarisonic
concealer under my eyes
the regular is perfect for moisturizing dry skin at bedtime
all i've ever read is that argan oil should not be deodorized
but argan oil as skin care, great!
i put it on after my toner
moisturizing base for my makeup
my face is oils
i team it up with my body lotion
i combine it with my night cream or body lotion
i mix this up with aesop serum which i've been using for years
this honestly moisturizes me more than regular moisturizer under my makeup
it's the perfect daytime moisturizer.
this is the first moisturizer i've ever found that actually moisturizes without causing me to breakout
recently got the light oil to use as a day moisturizer under my makeup
i massage my skin with this and i love it!
i also prefer unscented products
this works wonders as a daily moisturizer
i also use this as an oil cleanser
i can wear this over lightweight moisturizer
i even add a drop to my moisturizer at night.
i apply the regular argan oil on my skin at night
the argan oil 'light' during the day
i added a drop to my beauty blender
no other moisturizer needed!
i'll use it to moisturize by itself or drop a drop into my moisturizer
i like using this as a serum before bed
oils can do that
this is my go to moisturizer now.
i get moderate hormonal breakouts
add a few drops to my body lotion to add extra hydration when i need it
even mix a drop with my lip balm for an overnight extra hydrating treatment
0% retinol for the first time
with sunscreen that practically set my face on fire
i don't have any of the redness of irritation that i had with the other creams
it heals acne, hydrates and more.
it's a great oil/moisturizer
it does moisturize my skin
used to be an acne sufferer
i currently use caudalie polyphenol c15 overnight detox oil at night
its nothing like the caudalie overnight detox oil
pair it with a becca ever-matte poreless priming perfector
its moisturizing but light and absorbs quickly.
i can slather it on
healing any current acne
have used this product >10 years as my facial moisturizer
as a moisturizer before i apply my makeup
my skin loves argan oil the best of all oils.
it moisturizes my skin more than any other product
i started off using it as a nighttime moisturizer
a spritz or urban decay setting spray
with my moisturizer i mixed 1-2 drops of the oil
it is my moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer does the trick
the ren anti-wrinkle concentrate oil
my skin is combination
this is super rich and moisturizing.
don't forget your spf as it contains retinol
dennis gross' vitamin c serum
i own the daily vitamin lotion which is great
the glycolic mask which is amazing
it's not super moisturizing
not very moisturizing in my experience.
the bio retinoid moisturizer feels great on your face
if they're moisturizing, they are dulling.
the clarins anti-aging sunscreen
i layer it sometimes with another peptide serum
ren bio retinoid is nourishing
i can use it everyday without the harsh effects of other retinol creams
i love this anti-aging cream.
this is great for taking off waterproof mascara
i love this micellar
this also makes for a light toner under the serums
this product is great to use after applying my makeup cleansing balm
provides a clean base for serums
night for my makeup remover
cleanser/toner like it says- love it
this after years of antibiotics
i wear makeup everyday
not exfoliating enough for me to exclusively on the day to day
it is the perfect thing to use with my sephora reusable cleanser wipes
helps with my acne
i wanted something to use as a toner
etc from my eye are to cleanse my eyelash extensions
plus i have rosacea
this micellar water calms my skin
i don't wear powders
i usually wash my makeup off using a neutrogena cleanser
no harsh alcohols and dyes!
preps it for my moisturizers
even my waterproof mascara
i even use less moisturizer.
this is more a facial cleanser that removes makeup than a makeup remover
i think they should have marketed it as a facial cleanser vs makeup remover
i wanted a micellar water with natural ingredients that's good for sensitive skin
i don't use this as a makeup remover
lots of makeup comes off using this product- after cleanser
best micellar cleanser out there.
love micellar water to cleanse.
i am a big fan of micellar water for cleansing
the chamomile helps soothe the skin
t won't irritate the dermis or aggravate rosacea
note: if you have a heavy-duty mascara or waterproof eye makeup
use a specially formulated waterproof eye makeup remover
of micellar water i have tried
most moisturizing body oils i've ever tried
i love how it biochemically vacuums up sebum
moisturizer sink in better
so during the summer, i use it as a toner.
i just use a regular toner after to re-hydrate
i love the fact that its formulated without parabens
i welcome the emollient finish i get after using this product
my skin is not acne prone
rosacea runs in my family
i've tried many other cleansers
my makeup routine consists of bb cream
including my waterproof mascara
apparently has some lipid
i love this cleansing water
love this micellar water
not so great with waterproof mascara
this is a great product to take your makeup off before washing with a cleanser
routines to moisturize my face
this guy is super moisturizing
even though it does have some exfoliating sugar bits in it
it has very fine honey-sugar crystals in it that lightly exfoliate
skin so dry that my makeup would flake in spite of using crème ancienne at night
crème ancienne soft cream in the morning
this moisturizer is super moisturizing
my skin is combination
my skin is acne prone
this is one of the only hydrating masks that actually helps with pores
may be a skin disease?
recommended this mask for me as i've been having med-lite treatment performed to remove some very stubborn hyperpigmentation/melasma
the most i spent on a mask was the bliss oxygen
in addition to regular moisturizer
i used this honey mask
i could use my normal serum
moisturizer without any dryness
like the sugar face polish it leaves your skin very moisturized r/t the sugars
gotta love the antibacterial properties of honey
this is my go to moisturizer.
does what it says.. moisturizers dry skin!
this is my daily moisturizer.
this moisturizer is the bomb!!
i recommend you the 'gel' version of this moisturizer
i like heavier moisturizers for nighttime
it is really moisturizing
specifically the dramatically different moisturizing lotion since i was 13
my skin would be so oily when id first apply the lotion
i would like it to have sunscreen
i love this lotion
eczema on my face
i tried several different moisturizers
i started using this moisturizer
plus clinique is fragrance free as highly fragranced items cause my face to break out
i am committed to this moisturizer.
this is my holy grail moisturizer
it is moisturizing and light on the skin.
my favorite moisturizing product out there!
i wear this moisturizer under my primer
i like to try other lotions for my skin care regiment
this lotion is perfect
i love this lotion.
this lotion is so hydrating
i love the consistency of this moisturizer.
i prefer the gel form
i find that this is really moisturizing
i like it is no parfum.
it's very moisturizing without being too heavy.
before adding an spf moisturizer
/or primer for makeup
this hydrates me where i need it
the only moisturizer i will use.
this moisturizer takes the cake
at the recommendation of my dermatologist
it helps moisturize my dry skin
so other night creams with scents
exfoliating acids left my skin burning
it's essentially eliminated these small bumps i've got because of a gluten allergy
i mix some oil serum in it if i want a boost of hydration
works great for hypoallergenic skin.
this product is one of the few moisturizers ive found that is free of dimethicone
it also is unscented.
i tried some really rich moisturizing creams that i had
the lotion at night
this lotion has no scent
i used clinique moisturizer years ago
i love this moisturizer.
this product really hydrates
i even tried the clinique ddm cream
still moisturizing enough for fall
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer is for dry or combo skin.
dramatically different moisturizing lotion
i love this moisturizer.
i need a heavier moisturizer at night for my fine lines
a great hydrating eye cream for lifestyle induced problems
works well with my concealer
i wish it was a thicker cream for more moisturization
this product is okay but not very moisturizing.
i apply this cream
with no chemical sunscreen
this moisturizer from shiseido is a great light weight spf moisturizer
it is very liquid-y more of a moisturizing milk.
i need a moisturizer that is lightweight
this moisturizer is gentle
as many moisturizers with spf can do to my skin
i love this as a daytime moisturizer!
some days i can just use a bit of undereye concealer
this is very moisturizing
this moisturizer could be a good substitution
if your a big serum/essence user
combined all sorts of cleansers
i love this lightweight daytime lotion!
my summer moisturizer of choice.
i need a thicker moisturizer
no typical odor of sunscreen
one of the few spf moisturizers out there that isn't greasy
this moisturizer is perfect!
even though the consistency is serum like to me
also reduced redness from acne medication irritation
i love this moisturizer!
decided to find a moisturizer with a light spf
at first i wanted to purchase the urban-environment sunscreen
this moisturizer is very light
i always need a daily moisturizer with spf in it
light, moisturizing, not pore clogging.
it's not moisturizing enough for my dry areas
supplement it with clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
not as moisturizing as i thought it would be
well this moisturizer did the job
i like this lotion a lot
this lotion provides more moisture than pureness
this one actually moisturize my skin
this lotion is light with spf that is appropriate for office
i tried this moisturizer out because of its claim to shrink
this moisturizer is amazing
skin type: dry afage: 21i love this moisturizer.
a couple of years ago i started breaking out with hormonal acne on my cheeks
i found this moisturizer on a special display at sephora
i usually use the origins ginseng in the summer
the moment i switch to another moisturizer
it goes on light but is very moisturizing.
it smells like sunscreen
i started using this moisturizer
this is my go-to everyday moisturizer.
not a super rich moisturizer
this moisturizer goes on lightweight
non-greasy this moisturizer feels
i think this lotion
i wear it under bb creams and foundations.
the moisturizer is great for my combination skin.
i am 32 with combination skin
it's void of the harsh chemicals found in drugstore acne products
the moisturizer costs enough as it is!
this moisturizer controls the sebum
the moisturizer is thin
moisturizes my combination skin the perfect amount
i love this moisturizer.
it's light but moisturizing, and it smells great.
i love the gel/cream texture.
i got the moisturizer
got this moisturizer with the $25 gift set
i felt this product did really well with moisturizing my skin
i love this moisturizer.
it is not a mattifying product
it doesn't cause any breakout or allergy.
this moisturizer is everything.
i love this moisturizer
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
its lightweight but totally moisturizing!
this moisturizer is amazing for dry skin
i love this moisturizer
its really moisturizing for my skin
this moisturizer is lightweight but hydrating.
this moisturizer is like the moisturizer that just keeps on giving
eczema for as long as i can remember
for me with this moisturizer
super lightweight wear and even has sunscreen!
i find it excellent to use under eye area before i apply under eye concealer
i just recently started using topical acne medication from my dermatologist
due to the acne medication for my hormonal acne.
less redness do to this product
it's more so hormonal
i tried countless lotions
this lotion can st
this lotion by itself was very moisturizing for how lightweight it was
this is a great lightweight moisturizer.
this refining moisturizer + a retinoid is the "cocktail" i've used at night for the last 3 months
generally prefer an oil free lotion
this one in combination with the purifying cleanser
it is very moisturizing
even works out as a great primer for my bronzer
it is a thinner moisturizer
moisturizes my combination skin well
i prefer lightweight moisturizers
still want the effects of a moisturizing that works
and i rotate beauty products religiously.
the cream is light
it may be too moisturizing
i tried all sorts of treatments like microdermabrasion
don't use this product while using any sort of retinol
these acne pads are amazing!
it's like the acne gets immune to it.
something that works for acne
i went tanning 4 times
hormonal acne had taken over my neck
gross's extra strength alpha beta peels
i've tried everything in the store from salicylic acid creams to masks
they have lots of exfoliating ingredients that work super well in combination with each other
i apply jojoba oil at night as my moisturizer
in the am after cleansing
i feel like they help exfoliate because of the other acids
to also help ward off occasional stress/hormonal acne
i've used all of the drugstore acne pads
soap free face wash
i've used the alpha hydroxy peel for some time for glow
all organic face cream during the winter months
exfoliate 2-3 times a week year round
this product doesn't cure my acne
my hyperpigmentation was fading
cystic hormonal acne cleared up
these pads cleared up my hormonal acne really quickly
i also use this product after i use murad acne time release cleanser which is another amazing product
i just apply my moisturizer after
there is no need for a toner with this product
they are actually kind of moisturizing
this works well with retinol oils applied 15 minutes after then followed by moisturizer
i tried these out in the acne trial kit
didn't make much of a difference on my hormonal jawline cystic acne
the acne-fighting ingredient in this treatment was benzoyl peroxide
once i put on moisturizer
on goes my serum
full disclosure: i also use prescription peroxide/clindamycin cream at night along with this product to keep acne away
in conjunction with the prescription cream i've got a winning combo
sulfur mask/primer/spot treatment
these pads really work miracles if you have hormonal acne
now only get monthly hormonal flareups along my jawline
during the non-hormonal weeks
struggle with hormonal acne
not even my doctor prescribed medications!
since it's hormonal acne
when followed by a moisturizer is fine
put sun-screen moisturizer on after
it will smell like urine
im treating my acne
you need to combine it with a scpecific cleanser
i used prescription drugs for acne oral
have recently started taking "the pill" again to control my hormonal acne
benzoyl peroxide on their own
in combination with the foaming cleanser
also, they smell like urine.
only acne product that helps my skin
while this product is far from moisturizing
oral medication from the dermatologist
use everything from the serums to the sulfur mask which is awesome for spot treatments
i switched cleansers 3 times
ps i would definitely recommend using a moisturizer with spf after using this product
follow with a topical antibiotic
or acne treatment would rid me of my pain
my dermatologist recommended them as a less expensive acne medication option
it does help with acne
her acne has improve
until these pads only harsh diet supplements could work
i could't use acne remover tools because it is so professional
it's a natural product with amazing essential oils in it like eucalyptus
hypoallergenic makeup or none at all
plus prescription strength topical creams for preventive
after about 2 weeks of the acne pads
i love this facial wash.
it's the only facial wash that really cleanses
moisturizer so as not to waste the product
i find it to be very moisturizing with a side of toning effect
drenches it with hydration
spend time soaking in the bath
it is super hydrating
i think i'm going to try the hydrating serum once my la mer serum runs out
i love this serum.
this serum is especially soothing use in conjunction with a deep wrinkle treatment because those can be drying
i prefer to get my antioxidants from my lotions
i always wear sunscreen
use it under day and night moisturizers.
very moisturizing without being heavy.
very moisturizing without being heavy or sticky!
or when i am having allergy issues
the cloth that is included does a great job gently exfoliating while removing makeup
massage over face to remove makeup
changed the color/ texture of the cleanser
it also exfoliates your skin
i've tried a few different makeup remover balms
as you cleanse your skin
i'll usually justify spending on eye creams/anti-aging products
don't normally splurge on facial cleansers
i love this cleanser.
sometimes with a bit of my tatcha rice enzyme powder for a gentle exfoliator
breakouts i got from that st ives apricot scrub
all the cleansing balms.
ter with added vitamins
it removes all my waterproof mascara
i've tried lots of other cleansers
the product contains luxurious oils with an exfoliant which appears to absorb into the skin as you use the included muslin cloth to massage this wonderful product into the skin
my skin is aging
this cleanser has changed my skin.
mild acne prone skin
making this the perfect cleanser because it decongests while supplying nourishing essential oils to my skin
i will occasionally practice the recommended facial massage technique as well
consequently i was hesitant to try such an emollient cleansing balm
the combination of this cleansing balm
because it is a balm
a perfect cleanser for remove makeups.
with one having cleanser on
an odd herbal mix
i appreciated that clinique's was unscented
especially my waterproof mascara
i find that massaging the balm into my skin
it is one of the most luxurious balm cleansers i have used
my skin absorbs any essence/serum/moisturizer that i put on afterwards better than ever before
it leaves my skin feeling moisturizer
i can't justify repurchasing this cleanser
this works as a decongestant
reapply the cloth as recommended
my skin actually drinks in my night serum.
i think i was over cleansing/exfoliating
this is the holy grail cleanser
‘soulful” satisfaction of the cleaning ritual
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser and use it every night.
this cleansing balm removes makeup
i love this cleanser!
especially hormonal acne around the mouth
after using it for about 4 nights with facial massage
this is a treatment more than a cleanser.
my skin feels instantly soothed when i massage in this cleansing balm
this cleanser is it for me!
apply my night serums
the result is even greater if i leave the eve lom moisturizing mask on over night
this cleanser is expensive
i love this cleanser!
really make cleansing a ritual
my daily facial wash
this cleanser is changing my skin.
i recommend using a toner after
feels more like a moisturizing
exfoliating mask you'd get at a spa
i am in love with the cleanser
including red matte liquid lipstick
so addicted to this cleanser
i see some people react to the mineral oils
a chance against this cleanser
the cleanser is actually exfoliating
hydrating at the same time
its super emollient and takes everything off.
it feels like i'm giving myself a mini facial every night with the cleanser
i love the evening cleansing ritual including massage with the product
i also use all natural moisturizers
have recently added vitamin c
even my gel mascara
followed up with my favorite murad toner
i think it might actually moisturize as it cleanses
argan oil mixed with a microderm texture
glory makes a good vitamin c cleanser that also doesn't dry out my skin
after using this balm
it's really more of a balm texture than a traditional cleanser
the morning time cleanser in the am
this cleanser is unique
because of the mineral oil ingredient
the oil base moisturizes my skin while cleansing it
in addition i use the eye cream
some type of oat lotion
luxurious cleanse this is the product for you
after cleansing using it
the morning cleanser each day
this cleanser is slightly exfoliating
then i massage the el clensing balm for at least 10 minutes
this is a very hygienic product because its a tube i was originally using the dip a cotton q-tip style watery acne treatment
most of my acne is hormonal
acne products which don't work on my condition
i already use prescription retin-a
an internal antibiotic for acne
find myself allergic to most face masks
others have commented on the smell which does have a medicinal smell
this mask cleanses ou most of the whiteheads
the cleanser at night
i like the herbal scent of the product
easy to use morning time cleanser
clove oil is one of the main ingredients
becomes like a moisturizing oil
almost like after your moisturizer sinks in?
i topped it off with the kay burki vitamin c cream
i will say it smells very herbal
that is how most of the eve lom cleansers smell
this is the best facial cleanser on the market!
this cleanser combined with the traditional eve lom cleanser has saved my skin
wrinkles since it hydrates so well
then after i shampoo
the scent is herbal & fades as you rinse.
to prep my skin for makeup
this is the perfect cleanser to use in the morning when i am only wanting to take off my nighttime serum
i love cleansing my face with both of her cleaners
i love this cleanser!
i'll always have this cleanser.
love this cleansing balm.
eucalyptus oils wich are good for the skin
the morning cleanser has better ingredients.
it is my ideal cleanser
yet pampering morning cleanse
i happen to love the medicinal smell
first thing it has enzymes
it's like an ointment
i love this cleanser.
it does have a strong herbal clove scent.
as everyone says this is not a foaming cleanser
i would probably recommend using an makeup remover/oil cleanse first to thoroughly remove your makeup first
when a face wash foams it has chemicals
have a lifelong problem with hormonal acne
with a moisturizing serum underneath
usually use caudalie's moisturizing mask as a night cream with this
you might get a bit of drying at first as the vitamin a
i don't use tanning however
prefer using a powder bronzer instead
i'll pair it with the verso serum
contains a supercharged version of retinol
the only retinoids cream that doesn't peel the skin off my face
this is the first retinol cream i can h
the moisturizer could be more hydrating
prefer to use the serum with a different moisturizer--my skin can't h
le the serum plus this cream
retinol should not be used during the day when you get sun exposure
nothing is going to be as good as rx retinoids
i am using the super facial serum followed by the night cream
like any retinol product
i usually don't use a retinol cream every night
retinol is a great preventative ingredient
this cream is for acne free skin trying to fight the signs of aging
this night cream provides excellent moisturizing while working on improving skin tone
along with the eye serum
sometimes the face serum
i started using this face serum after having some bad rashes from la mer's skincare line
this retinal formula is non irritating
in the morning use skin ceuticals ce ferulic serum after cleansing
this is the first serum with a retinol that i've been able to use without a reaction
this serum hydrates my skin
speeds healing of acne when i have a breakout
it took 4 days of using this serum both day
i ordered the eye serum
retinol should not be used during the day when you get sun exposure
nothing is going to be as good as rx retinoids
i am using the super facial serum followed by the night cream
like any retinol product
verso serum works significantly better
this serum is hydrating without being greasy which i love
i highly recommend the serum!
i love the rich texture of the serum which is not at all typical
i began using the verso serum quite recently
at about a 3rd of the price of creme de la mer's serum
welcome the "drying" from the retinol
this serum is amazing!
i tried many serums
other facial products to save my super sensitive eczema skin just to be normal
the texture is more of serum/cream combo
omly tried other serums that were retinol based
then came long verso super eye serum
be sure to put some sunscreen on during the day
i've shelled out for this serum twice now
i like the retinol based formula.
im guessing it was my skin getting used to the retinol
when i started using this serum
one caveat is that this is not a moisturizer
allergy induced dark under eye circles
i started using verso super eye serum
i started trying everything with retinol out there
retinol triple correction eye serum
i love this more than the super moisturizing skinceuticals
i been using verso super eye serum for about 2 months
after receiving samples of the algenist power advanced wrinkle fighter serum i been r
adding verso super serum on top before bed
might keep using this verso eye serum
has been nearly annhililated by the retinol in the verso eye serum
i follow with my normal lmb eye creme.
love that i have found a retinol for my eye area that my body won't reject
liked the reviews i saw for this verso eye serum
i also use clinique's depuffing eye massage.
com was out of the face serum on it's own
was available in a set that included the super eye serum
i say as luck would have it because i love the eye serum as much as the facial serum
you only use a pea size amount of serum for both eyes
it may sting when you first use it because of the retinol
i love this serum .
botox hurts much more
this serum has a very strong burning sensation on my skin
this really is a "super" serum!!!
every eye serum out there
it's the only serum i've ever seen results with
i would use this along with an eye moisturizer
do not even try botox use this super eye serum
make sure you use a very emollient cream over this product- it is not intended to be a moisturizer
due to nature of this retinol
i am trying the facial serum next based on my results with the eye serum
i would not say this is a super emollient cream just fyi
this serum is the best i've tried
have used this serum for about a week in conjunction with my clarisonic opal
when i first put the serum under my eyes
having prior experience with facial retinol creams
i decided to mix the eye serum with my current eye cream
i started with 25% serum
my goal to to apply this serum undiluted within a few weeks
as retinol can be drying
i don't think this serum will provide me with the amount of moisture that i prefer at night
this product is a serum
which to me implies that an moisturizing cream should be layered over it
serums are only 1/2 ounce
could be more moisturizing
with the inclusion of retinol 8 it is a powerhouse
i feel the formula could be strengthened by the addition of antioxidants like vitamin c
will put a retinol eye cream as layer 1
i don't use the applicator
it blends well with the other serums
moisturizing in addition to providing some spf
i apply over eye cream, before concealer.
no fragrance or stinging- higher spf than clinique eye
nice product, slightly moisturizing.
i love that its paraben free
i need to wear sunscreen daily or i will burn.
i hate all of these applicator tips
after a basel cell diagnosis
the applicator is genius
i've tried a lot of eye creams
the product is creamy and moisturizing.
and who doesn't need sunscreen?
doesn't cause my concealer to cake into my wrinkles
keep in mind this is a sunscreen for the eyes
if you are new to using sunscreen within the sensitive area of the eyes then you must consider it is best to "dab" the moisture
this is one of those creams you use on a nightly ritual
i still have redness on my face after i put my moisturizer on
the shiseido white lucent serum
or any other product that advertises whitening or brightening
it helps with my redness
i always apply sunscreen liberally
i find this product effective when being used with sunscreen
the inflammation in my skin has al
at night i use a concentrated moisturizer
this is the only facial cleaner i use.
i've suffer with hyper pigmentation from acne all my life
it has a salicylic acid ingredient which i think might help with breakouts
my night time cleanser of choice.
i get many hormonal breakouts
this product can actually replace your tinted moisturizer
i just used less moisturizer
i gently pat it on over the serum
concealer goes on sparingly
i also use the fresh umbrian clay mattifying exfoliant
tarte double detox exfoliating facial mask twice a week
some hyper-pigmented beauty marks
thought i was allergic
this is my first serum
max complexion correction pads
aha/bha acne gel
not using a proper acne face care regimen before/after product
i recommend ptr acne products
the ptr complexion correction pads
i checked the ingredients
think of it like tinted lotion or self tanner that you can wash off after a day
use a moisterizing pore refining toner
i also use treatments for my pores
make sure to use a good murad serum beforeh
i've tried a few expensive night creams
this product really hydrates my skin.
most moisturizers make me break out
daily sheer luster moisturizer
this can be a "miracle" cream
this lotion is part of that improvement
the dry patches of hormonal aging
i don't use face creams
i feel i can wait on the botox!
since my dermatologist told me to use products that are rich in antioxidants including vitamin c
i know that my skin is getting the healthy antioxidants it needs to repair skin cell damage
this creme works for me as an undercreme for my makeup
it moisturizes all day
it seems to break out with most other moisturisers
following it up with murad's hydrating toner is a dream
i love the murad renewing cleanser!
i've tried philosophy purity face wash
this product agrees and moisturizes my face.
i found this cleanser
this cleanser is creamy with out sudsing.
this product hydrates my skin
i really needed a moisturizing cleanser
though i don't use waterproof mascara
this cleanser works great to exfoliate
i love this cleanser.
scrub type cleansers so everyonce in a while i need something to replenish the skin
i love this cleanser
my skin is aging
i got this cleanser because i use the murad lotion
moisturizers has been a miracle for my face
so happy to find a cleanser with no sulfates or parabens
i've tried a variety of cleansers from murad.
this is a rich cleanser with a mild exfoliator in it
along with a once-in-a-while exfoliating treatment
i mix it with the clarifying cleanser
this is my first time using a cream cleanser
will definitely begin using cream cleansers
i'd been using a harsh exfoliator
just a little bronzer for color as i'm very fair
feels like menthol on your face
the exfoliation is very
i didn't like the marketing on this as something that was to protect skin from hormonal aging
murad's refreshing cleanser in the morning
i love this cleansing cream
a non-drying cleansing cream that does the job.
i love this cleansing cream.
i tried this with the resurgence serum
i love this cleanser by murad!
this cleanser is the one product that i will use
it does hydrate and exfoliate just like it says!
i really believe it helps any hormonal imbalance
exfoliate at the same time
t's hydrating -- not drying at all
it exfoliate with enzymes
i love this cleanser
the cleansing cream is amazing
it has a light exfoliation and great cleanser.
moisturizers that make my skin look like i am 30 again
i love this cleanser.
i love the way this cleansing cream lathers.
makeup from my skin
the murad "pomegranate cleanser" is a two-in-one dual-purpose product that cleanses
used my regular toner on my face
even though the "resurgence cleansing cream" is a good cleanser
i am going to stick with the pomegranate cleanser because of it being a cleanser
toner all in one
even with great moisturizers
i normally get hormonal breakouts
just use a gentle cleanser
while at work i was looking through all the cleansers to find one with no acne medication
i did purchase the toner and night cream with it.
wonderful cleanser for aging skin.
well i use the cleansing cream
the age diffusing serum
then the hydrating cream
i will not be switching cleansers.
very cleaning and so moisturizing.
mascara with a little massaging
it has no parabens
tried the resurgence cleaning cream
the age diffusing serum
i love this cleanser.
i am using the serum
if your problem is hormone fluxuations
this is the cleanser for you
lotion or cream cleaner in my bathroom along with all their promised
hydrates my skin immediately
while not the most obviously moisturizing
then apply a light sunscreen
i do think it both hydrates
i normally perform glycolic or double layered glycolic m
hydration with this mask
it feels like aloe vera gel when applying
it is not as hydrating as some other masks
it's very cooling and moisturizing.
this cucumber gel mask extreme detoxifying hydrator is the next best thing other than heaven
use many face serums
moisturizers that i buy from sephora
seals in any night serum i may have on
this cucumber mask is a life saver
my skin used to be oily prior to being on tretinoin
have always hated moisturizing masks
if i ever try anything that's labled "moisturizing mask" i immediately break out with horrible acne-
some hormonal acne along my jaw line
works best for calming detoxifying the skin.
does not cause allergy reactions
a must have for moisturizing my skin in the summertime
the cucumber gel mask is the best moisture mask i'veused
offers moisturization without the heavy emollients of othermoisture masks
during winter i have to apply a thicker moisturizer on top
i only use this when i get a sunburn.
i started using this as a face mask to hydrate
it works better than my prescribed acne treatments
use the orange cleanser from ptr
a lot of cream moisturizers are too heavy
i recommend gel moisturizers with combo skin
it must just be the gel detoxing my pores
how can a mask be hydrating
detoxifying at the same time?
this mask feels like you're spreading aloe vera all over your face
i like to use this mask after washing with peter thomas roth's anti-aging cleansing gel
have used for redness
the mask is meant to detoxify
i don't like to use acne products
the fruit acids in it
you have to massage it away while rinsing
over the summer i started using a prescription gel to help get rid of acne
i usually use lotion type moisturizers
tend to prefer creamier masks over gel formulas
the aloe-cucumber scent is very light
the product is so moisturizing
anti-acne products exacerbate my redness
the pumpkin enzyme mask
i also use it on sunburns
this helps me with my mild rosacea.
the only thing i wish is that it was a little more moisturizing
helps with acne on face and body.
this products removes redness
feels kinda like putting aloe gel on my face
give it moisture after my detox mask
as soon as i switched to this cleanser with toner
the moisture cushion moisturizer
it's an all-in-one toner/cleanser
plus this cleanser gets all my makeup off
even after i apply a moisturizer
i definitely have go-to toners
i love this cleanser!!
unlike with many facial products
i love this cleanser
gross all-in-one cleanser with toner
a base plus the mascara itself
gross alpha beta peel
this product works great as a cleanser + toner
you don't need a high foaming lather with harsh surfactants to remove makeup
this lotion on dry skin method works great
it is a cream cleanser
dennis gross vitamin c serum
i like that it has an added toner in it.
had to return this cleanser
this cleanser gets off my makeup
even cleansers specifically designed for dry skin
i still need moisturizer
slightly moisturizer in that my skin isn't craving for some lotion afterwards
i started using this cleanser after i had a good experience with the alpha beta peel
not greasy like lotions do
find that i need less moisturizer after using this
it is only good for moisturizing
i like to mix it in with my moisturizer for better absorption
the oil has a herbal smell
i am on multiple skin medications to manage my rosacea
i apply it at night as a serum after i'm done washing my face
as well as moisturizer
bought it to mix with my moisturizer
mixing with either my moisturizer or with my bb cream
it's not as moisturizing i would say
you definitely need an actual moisturizing lotion after this
i exfoliate, then apply dilo, then i use korres.
so moisturizing at the same time
hormonal breakouts have lessened
being in my late 30's my skin requires a moisturizer
dilo oil restorative treatment is it
follow with ks moisturizer
my origins night-a-mins facial moisturizer
cream moisturizers were not doing it
i mix this with my moisturizer
i tried the josie maran argan oil
other oils i love
i am also using the kate somerville nourish in the evenings after cleanser
is like a beauty elixir for me
trying out different night moisturizers for my breakout prone skin
is a great moisturizing treatment
research on dilo oil
it is very moisturizing
hair that was dry from chlorine
no parabens in this kate sommerville product .
don't forget the sunscreen
i also use it as a nighttime moisturizer.
hydrates with a matte finish
i recommend using this moisturizer if you frequently use acne treatments
i love the feeling of heavy conditioning moisturisers
i also apply to sunburns
it's not super moisturizing but hydrates enough.
this is my go-to moisturizer.
night creams for years trying to achieve the results i got from this cream
have been religious about moisturizing since i was 16
not only did i moisturize
i would use a more super exfoliant by clinique once a week
a daily exfoliant by philosophy obviously daily
its my forever moisturizer.
except when i wear this lotion
i've tried numerous 10+ moisturizers
some moisturizers break me out.
this moisturizer is amazing for combination skin.
so moisturizing but not heavy or sticky.
i googled eczema remedies
after 2 applications most of the redness
several chemical exfoliant over the years
is the only cream i have tried that is intensely moisturizing without causing breakouts
mixed the serum in my regular skin care regimen
moisturizer in the am
this has the thickness of a night cream
non greasy, moisturizing and smooth!
this is the most moisturizing cream i've ever used
this moisturizer really helped
the first thing i use is a cleansing exfoliator
my skin is acne-prone related to hormones
this cream is ideally moisturizing without being heavy
i usually mixed with serum.
this moisturizers my skin so well
it did moisturize well although i needed more anti aging then this cream offers
i am allergic to most products
it gets into the lotion
onto my face as i apply the lotion
this cream works by natually healing the skin barrier
all the moisturizers i have tried never gave me enough hydration or don't work well with the topical creams
because i use prescription acne creams they can be pretty harsh on the skin
i loved the effects of this moisturizer
i can't deal with the overpowering medicinal scent
followed by a different moisturizer
this is my holy grail moisturizer!
i just ordered my second tube to use as an everyday moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
there is a slight medicinal smell
it does everything a moisturizer should.
spritz rose water on my face afterwards
although i liked the $200 creams
so moisturizing a little goes a long way works better paired with the liquid
this is the moisturizer for you
when i use this on top of topical acne medication
this moisturizer is the only one i've found that is moisturizing enough without making me greasy
while the fab anti redness serum has basically cured my flare ups this cream seems to keep my skin in check
i prefer my face products unscented
most of any moisturizers make me break out
i like to mix this with my other gel type moisturizer for added boost of moisture for my face
i started using this at the same time as the ren glycol lactic radiance mask
works great at night as a moisturizer over medicated rosacea cream
as a moisturizing base for makeup.
a lot of moisturizes made for acne prone skin are drying
i rely heavily on serums to hydrate my dehydrated skin
facial oils to give my dry skin the moisture boost it needs
so my moisturizer is there to seal in all the benefits of the serums/oils
i could get away with not moisturizing that frequently because my skin was super oily
i like it mixed with a lighter moisturizer for nighttime
i will buy toner
the scent is light, rose/herbal, which i like.
the packaging looks like some fungi cream or something
using it with the matching serum i notice a decrease in my redness on my cheeks
lightweight moisturizer to combat newly dry skin
it hydrates like crazy
it's very moisturizing and brightens the skin.
i've used a lot of expensive creams
it doesn't make my glycolic gel "curl" up like most of the others i've tried
this cream is very emollient
am constantly testing out different moisturizers
for morning i use the lighter dr jart water drops moisturizer
once i changed my skin care regimen from acne based
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer does a good job on hydrating the skin
try its liquid lotion
springtime moisturizer to replace my used up caudalie premier cru
which is my winter moisturizer
ceramides as a skin care ingredient are proven beneficial
i tried a few "skin sensitive" moisturizers
didn't feel as though they were actually moisturizing my skin
this is the only moisturizer that keeps the flakiness to a minimum
adds a little kick to the moisturizer!!
in the winter, i love this as a serum.
'll start by saying that i've tried every mainstream serum
i love the non greasy serum texture
is more hydrating than even the heaviest of creams
this serum is a great complement to the cream
this serum combined with the ceramidin cream always soothe my skin after i abuse it
before this i was using the fresh rose deep hydrating serum
found my new forever serum!
quenching for your skin
i started using this serum as part of my multi step skin care regimen
it is moisturizing without being heavy
it buys me some time to moisturize my body before i apply my moisturizer
more of a serum than a cream or lotion
in the morning under my daytime moisturizer
it's a serum and i don't find it sticky at all.
it hydrates and plumps my skin up.
i love the way this serum feels when it goes on.
it feels very moisturizing
i used it under my regular moisturizer
it was used a long with the water drops moisturizer
sticky like many moisturizers
jart micro water as a toner cause it says it tones
i'll keep using this a long with the water drops moisturizer
this is a no-nonsense lotion
tend to purchase those types of moisturizers
i will never switch to another serum and cream!
this liquid lotion / serum is great.
i love this moisturizer!
i need a more moisturizing product
it glides over my other serum without pilling at all
it also reduced the redness of my rosacea!
it is curing my eczema on my face
put this serum on first
using it with my normal moisturizer makes my skin look dewy
moisturizing this liquid is
also started taking a b vitamin supplement
i hate using steroid creams when i have a big breakout plus i need something to use as preventative treatment
then an otc made-for-eczema face lotion
i will layer with the ceramidin cream
once i changed my skin care regimen from acne based
i know folks have been calling this a serum
i get that it has the texture of a serum
like serum type of texture
this liquid/serum + cream combo has honestly saved my skin
this toner/serum works perfectly as a prep for moisturizing
used it under my normal moisturizer.
does it's job of moisturizing very well
plumped when i use this serum
this is my go-to serum now.
i can skip toner
its super moisturizing and hydrating.
just used a facial oil
the oil doesn't moisturise enough
lately because of postnatal hormones
it definitely is a great complement to any moisturizing lotion or cream you may have that already works well for you
before my sunscreen/moisturizer
i've used the companion product face cream
i am obsessed with using this after my toner
it beats any other serum i've ever tried.
after i use my toner
the moisturizer absorbs way better
it is a great serum.
ceramides are amazing for healing
i can't believe how lightweight yet moisturizing it is
ceramide does wonders for my skin.
up to this day i used exclusively an expensive natural cream from my dermatologist
my skin drinks it in
not have that gross feeling of regular lotion
jart oil balm or the jart cream or beauty balm especially when the winter is really harsh
improves my liquid foundation or bb creams
for me it seems to offer more hydration when applied under my day lotion
found it too moisturizing for my combination skin
you only need 3-4 drops of this serum so the bottle lasted me 5 months
this serum has a slight green tea fragrance that i find very mild
i layer my cream over the liquid
this moisturizer beats them all.
pairing this liquid with the cream has made my skin softer
if you're using acne products or taking medication for acne
you need this serum
the lotion with matching cream layered on top at night
i follow up with weleda almond lotion as a moisturizer
i think the ceramidin cream felt moisturizing on it's own
this moisturizer brings life
i add this serum under my moisturizer on cold days
'll stick to using it under moisturizer/makeup
if i didnt moisturize at night
i love this cleanser!
my facialist pushes the hyaluronic acid
my dermatologist pushes the ceramides
i asked for something moisturizing
it's non-greasy, non-oily and still moisturizing.
love love this serum.
mixed with an spf50 facial sunblock
i want a product that contains no parabens or petroleum [like the muck my gp prescribed] that actually works
this works as a booster serum
this is helped my de-hydrated skin from all the acne treatments
looks much better when i use this booster serum
it is very moisturizing
i don't have wrinkles
also love the way it dispenses the lotion.
i do use an exfoliant
it is very moisturizing
hydrating on my combination skin
this product moisturizes without being greasy
this moisturizer has a great list of beneficial ingredients
although i should note that i also used a serum
my one issue with this cream is that it has a lot of fruit extracts
it is not nearly as moisturizing
heavier than her other daily moisturizers.
this age arrest anti-wrinkle cream is extremely hydrating
with some other creams
hormonal acne on my chin
after cleansing my face the sephora makeup artist applied kate somervile age arrest cream
or what i would imagine botox to be
no parabens in this kate somervile product.
some of her products do contain parabens
it claimed to be a moisturizing cleanser which is what i look for in cleansers
which i got in a 30 ml
apply eye makeup remover before cleansing
this product is great for people who have taken accutane or had facial lasers done
i like to try skin care products
also the regular gentle cleanser
this is a great cleanser if you have a sensitive skin that reacts to harsh chemicals in cleansers
i often breakout with cleanser's claim to be hypoallergenic
love that there are no parabens
this cleanser is very foamy
as i still have hormonal breakouts
as it's one of the creamiest cleansers i've used
i do miss the kind of minty tingle that salicylic acid/alpha hydroxy cleansers give
even skin clearing cleansers.
it does not irritate my eczema
i finish with the ibuki refining moisturizer.
i love this cleanser.
my hormone pimples are gone
this cleanses my skin without drying.
the moisturizer are amazing
the cleanser is no exception
after trying all manner of acne treatment
toning since using this cleanser
i do get a little redness from other cleansers
this is a super-concentrated cleanser
acne prone skin for about 10 years now
not promoted for acne prone skin
after purchasing this cleanser
every cleanser i have tried irritates my skin
i love the way it lathers "like shaving cream" as another reviewer mentioned
i also like the fact that it has no parabens or sulfates
i've used other cream cleansers in the past
i got this cleanser to use with my foreo mini.
lotion for a perfect pre-make-up prep
just add a special serum if need be
currently i use the sephora collection age defy serum at night between the softener
while not necessarily moisturizing in its own right
it suggested ibuki gentle cleanser
almost feels like a lotion
keep in mind that you will need a moisturizer to use following the cleanser
the cleanser works as a makeup remover as well
i def recommend the cleanser
i love this cleanser!
amazing moisturizer for dry skin!
this is a great foaming cleanser that delivers what it promises
i love this cleanser!
this product has the best lather of any cleanser i have tried
pair with the boscia cleansing sponge to exfoliate
after researching good face moisturizers for dry skin
i love this cleanser
after using this cleanser my acne has completely cleared
use cleansing wipes to take that off then use the cleanser
makeup remover that will not irritate my skin
this moisturizing cleanser is great for my skin
i love this cleanser
it includes a travel size gentle cleanser
it is super moisturizing
those who prefer unscented be aware
i love this moisturizer.
this moisturizer does make my skin look
use their spf moisturizer in the morning
this is now my fave moisturizer for the colder months
i also use the ibuki protective moisturizer with spf
even loves this moisturizer
was skeptical of this moisturizer because of the intensity of the moisturization
i swear this moisturizer works miracles
oils you need to heal
my hyperpigmentation is fading.
many moisturizers only stay on the surface
my relationship status: shishedo ibuki refining moisturizer enriched
serums in all different price ranges
what moisturizer i use
the sephora employee used the skiniq to match me up with a moisturizer for my combination skin
this is the perfect moisturizer.
i find it to be moisturizing
i found my switch to this moisturizer
the previous formulation of protective moisturizer spf 15 was perfect
which isn't moisturizing enough for me
then i won't need two moisturizers
with acne prone skin
* this moisturizers works to create a even skin tone
i usually use shiseido pureness moisturizer
went through all kinds of moisturizers
the ibuki enriched moisturizer is amazing.
tend to tear with other moisturizers
i am on my 6th jar of this moisturizer
this will remain my hg night time moisturizer
this has become my staple moisturizer
it doesn't contain spf so you do need to add sunscreen for daytime use
i also use this moisturizer alone
when i'm using this moisturizer vs others
love everything about this moisturizer.
this cream moisturizer is thicker than i am used to
'enriched' moisturizers as they tend to keep my skin
holy mother of all moisturizers
this moisturizer does this
had a hard time finding a product that was moisturizing yet not cause acne
i switched to this moisturizer
perfect pm moisturizer for me
i don't need to use a serum
i tried a number of other moisturizers
you need this moisturizer
refining moisturizer in the daytime
i love this moisturizer.
i would highly recommend this moisturizer to those with combo/dry skin
i also tried the matching day moisturizer with spf
even though i do use serums
it felt very moisturizing
it helps with acne
use it after i wash my face for night time moisturizing
i really needed a dose of hydration after a terrible cleanser did a number on my face
works great as a nighttime moisturizer.
this moisturizer is divine
it's a must have moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer
this moisturizer saved my skin
i've tried it with concealer
it moisturizes my skin like no other!
i may change to the lotion in the summer
i just started using this moisturizer over my origins serum
this moisturizer changed my life.
i love this moisturizer
it is more strongly fragranced than other creams
it is highly moisturizing without causing me any breakout
it manages to be deeply moisturizing without being greasy
i also bought the serum collagen generator in a blue pump bottle
works like light botox
i love this moisturizer
use it everyday as my daytime cream
tried so many facial cremes
i started out buying the dna serum one month
i found that the new dna cream is lighter not greasy
it absorbs quickly and is very moisturizing.
moisturizing enough to use as a night cream
i love how my dry skin feels once i apply it over the pearl serum
hasn't responded to any other lotions/creams so far
t because there are no parabens
my next splurge will be the pearl serum!
t retinol eye serum applied only at night
i've tried a lot of eye creams
i've tried a lot of eye creams in my day
brant triple peptide eye cream
t triple peptide eye cream online when i was searching for the best eye cream for fine lines
in the past i have tried creams
there are eye creams
there is dna triple peptide eye cream
t's perfect to use during the day under concealer
i've tried many eye creams
it's the one product that has helped puffiness
will buy the dna serum
great for hydrating, firming and to reduce lines.
fyi: my concerns are hydration and puffiness.
get the daily moisturizing cream from dr br
t triple peptide eye cream for less than one week
this amazing serum helps to keep my skin tight
i am on day 3 of using this serum .
i love the transforming pearl serum.
i tried many other daytime serums
moisturizers for my oily skin
search for an anti-aging serum
on my 3rd bottle of the pearl serum.
the serum itself is very light-weight
just like most other serums
definitely recommend this serum!
this serum is amazing!
helps my concealer glide on
it moisturizes all day
my acne has decreased a loooot
this lotion left my skin moisturized all day
this product was recommended by an employee about my dry facial skin with anti aging cream
i can wear it under sunscreen and again at night.
recently i began washing my face daily with a chamomile cleanser that is no longer available
this moisturizer goes on like silk
while xxy face cream doesn't perform plumping miracles
i switched to this from clinique's moisturizer
that's okay because it doubles as a night cream without smelling like sunscreen
i took samples with me of a ton of different moisturizers
in the morning l use a serum first
then mix this product with my daily facial moisturizer
at night i use my serum
i love face oils
right before my moisturizer
after a few glasses of wine
it is moisturizing without being greasy.
i started using this by mixing 2-4 drops of it with the origins genzing moisturizer
i remove this cleanser with water
get a small misting bottle or a product like evian to add after applying gel
i put it over my retinol or peptides at night
i love how it hydrates my skin
i started applying this under my moisturizer
hydrates like no one buisiness
this leaves your skin feeling moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
this oil is so moisturizing and calming.
love this oil...i use it with the serum.
i think the problem was it was not moisturizing enough for me
i tried using the less costly clear aloe gel as a conductor option
i always bought the gel primer
thought i’d try cheaper gels
to forgo purchasing the gel primer
gel or retin a on your skin
this serum is sooo hydrating
i pair it with the jurlique activating essence water toner
which are totally unscented
i got the jurlique herbal recovery advanced serum as a sample
hydrating serum that has really made my skin radiant
it has lots of antioxidants and brighteners.
i think it's all the natural botanicals.
bonus that it layers beautifully under sunscreen/primer/moisturizer- no irritation
after using herbal recovery advanced serum for a couple of weeks
i used it at bedtime
its also easy to work into my existing skin-care regime because it seems to 'play well' with other serums/moisturizers
just started using this serum for a week
i apply it morning and night after toner.
i decided to look for another serum from this br
'm positive it was this serum instead
herbal recovery is a game changer.
the moisture recovery moisturizer every day
the herbal recovery serum made my skin feel so dewy
i like that it's unscented and glides on.
it's more like a thicker serum
it's a great hydrating cream
i found it equally moisturizing
i've tried lots of different eye creams from sephora
other eye creams can be drying
most eye creams i've tried just seem to moisturize my eye area
i absolutely love how moisturizing it is
which also was moisturizing
very moisturizing as it contains hyaluronic acid
i like the texture of this gel to remove makeup
i love that even though this is sulfate-free
even my hard-to-remove mascaras
remover then a cleanser to remove all of my makeup
i wanted something a little more moisturizing for the winter
i am not one to splurge on face cleanser
i usually follow with tsubaki oil to hydrate my skin
i follow up with beauty water then a light serum
just massage your face with tsubaki cleansing ol gel
i follow it with the boscia exfoliating gel a couple times a week
this is my go to cleanser.
this cleanser is a bit pricey.
i like the consistency of the oil-gel
i actually went into the store planning to purchase the purifying cleansing gel by boscia
then use this cleanser with my forea cleansing device
i love this gel oil cleanser
com/2016/02/29/boscia-tsubaki-cleansing-oil-gel/
i definitely suggest this cleansing oil-gel for every type of skin during winter
i've tried so many cleansers
then used boscia tsubaki cleansing oil-gel together with the sponge
ole henriksen herbal day cream in the morning
this cleanser takes it all off
i just love this cleanser.
if you're looking to find an oil-based cleanser to use for the double cleanse korean method
follow this with a water-based cleanser
a sephora employee recommended this product for my acne scars
the gel consistency of this cleanser is great for dryer/acne prone skin types
the fragrance could be milder
i expect this will make a great daily cleanser/remover
as it's gel-based
this cleansing gel is the best cleansing gel i have ever used
i love how the ingredients don't include sulfates or parabens
this cleanser works like a dream.
because it is a oil gel cleanser it dose not strip your skin
a sephora employee directed me to this gel oil because i have combination skin
this gel oil is the perfect combination of a wet cleanser combined with the hydrating benefits of an oil cleanser
found my holy grail cleanser at last!
even boscia's daily purifying cleanser
i like the gel-like texture of the cleanser
found myself reaching for this over my regular facial cleanser
i can use soap on it in a pinch
then cleanse with this oil-gel
gentle cleanser to use after i have taken all my makeup off
i didn't not feel like it was as moisturizing as the l'occitane
this has a gel-like texture
i used get acne
feels after using this gel cleanser
it comes with a mini cleanser
more moisturized than your average cleanser
began an exclusive oil cleanse regimen with grapeseed oil
don't expect this to be a typical sudsing cleanser
nor does it exfoliate
i'd describe the smell as "herbal"
put on a moisturizing gel afterwards
the face shop's cleansing oil makeup remover
out of 3 different oil/gel cleansers i tried
i appreciate that it is unscented.
i would recommend this product if you're looking to nourish your skin overnight
as i can be prone to breakouts with almost any moisturizer
cleansing this moisturizer saves my skin
follow with lighter moisturizer
it is a hydration mask
was having issues with breakouts before i started using boscia's black hydration gel
fuss free and hydrating mask.
this isn't so much of a mask as it is a super moisturizer for bedtime
i got it because i use the same tsubaki gel cleanser to remove my makeup every night
it is soooo moisturizing
this is the most moisturizing
i slather this on
if i don't exfoliate
it is super moisturizing
i tried other night creams
a sephora employee recommended it to me for a nightly moisturizer
i am sensitive to synthetic fragrance
this mask is perfect for making sure my night serum works into my skin
i actually use this as a daily moisturizer
ing as a daily moisturizer
i think that's because it has silicones in it
perhaps that's because it is super moisturizing which would reduce the oil production anyway
n addition to the acne i am getting concerned about wrinkles
i love this night time moisturizer.
use the reviva microdermabrasion machine 2-3 times a week then the reviva serum
then this miracle of a lotion
feeling dehydrated in spite of moisturizing
this moisturizer does a great job of hydrating my skin without causing irritation or breakouts
all kidding aside this sleeping mask is ultra-moisturizing
especially after i exfoliate
please estée lauder make it odorless
i don't find it as moisturizing as i thought it was going to be
anti aging creams are my go to!
very moisturizing and very nourishing.
at night i use it as a hydrating mask.
like i hate the smell of their resilience lift moisturizer
not many moisturizers have this
very moisturizing, hydrating for me.
this moisturizer is actually a step above
i wear this as my main moisturizer at night
leaves a texture similar to bobbi brown's vitamin enriched face base which i have as well
love for makeup application
that hydrates all day
i also like the gel/creme texture
have tried numerous moisturizers that claim to have anti-aging properties
i found most were not moisturizing enough.
thicker than other el moisturizers
i needed something that can moisturize well pre-concealer
blended with the concealer if i am extra dry
they took daily use for a jar or 2 of moisturizer
i tried the sheido creme
lotions have no effect them
it takes less concealer to cover up my circles
i wear a lot of moisturizer everyday
talking to my younger self about sunscreen
i don't have trowel on the concealer the way i used to
i still have to use a concealer
two applications in am to hydrate under all my makeup
ps: bobbi brown corrector + concealer + finishing powder is awesome
the hydration level of my skin
i cancelled my next botox appt
which means i always have to wear layers of heavy concealer
hydrating in comparison as well
t's difficult finding a product that moisturizes my undereye area
my concealer looking good
in truth i prefer the wrinkle smoothing properties of this cream
my concealer used to just sit on my skin
rew weil's serum at first
redness from my breakouts as well as offer that daily nourishment
i read a while back that retinol is great for diminishing / healing those old acne spots
this moisturizer delivers hydration plus the benefits of retinol
retinol are perfect combo-use in morning under makeup
night after ferulic + retinol fortifying neck emulsion
of all the moisturizers i've used
this moisturizer is amazing.
it helps with mild acne
i love this moisturizer!
still moisturizes my combination skin
which is an issue i had with the ddg hyaluronic moisturizer
the ferulic retinol overnight treatment
learned retinol mixed with ferulic is a great proven combo for fighting wrinkles
i wish it were more moisturizing.
i've had other retinol products dry my skin
especially his anti-aging moisturizer
since i have adult cystic acne i need a moisturizer that has retinol in it
retinol is amazing for acne
like other retinol lotions can be
wash with acne soap twice a day
apply light argan oil
spf 20 moisturizer in the am
use a exfoliator every 3 days
use an at home microdermabrasion every 2 weeks
benefits of retinol without the burning.
sunscreen went over it nicely
it does a great job moisturizing while smoothing pores
was wow'ed by this moisturizer
i find this moisturizer to be perfect for my skin
i always used clinique moisturizer
this moisturizer has left my skin smooth
t vitamin c ester 15 which did not work as rapidly as this
i love that now there is a more hydrating version of the serum i love for intense repair
now after using their eye balm + the naked concealer
anti-aging night cream
it's unscented and non-irritating.
it is not very moisturizing
i like the smell of this moisturizer
it has not helped my hormonal acne
i've used so many moisturizers
it worked well as a moisturizer under makeup
i applied the algenist power pressed serum
tery whipped cream consistency i use this over the power wrinkle serum
seriously the softest most moisturizing cream i have ever used
i've used almost every anti-aging moisturizer around the $100 mark
with the power serum
i tend to have hormonal acne and dry patches.
this it the one cream that moisturizes
i don't know what kind of magical micro algae these biochemists discovered or are cultivating
i started off using the algenist genius ultimate anti-aging vitamin c+ serum
algenist uses algae in most of there products
i did buy their serum
my skin is acne prone
i love this moisturizer.
in the morning i follow with my sunscreen
substantial enough to provide excellent moisturizing overnight
plump without the shine or oiliness that some hydrating moisturizers can leave behind
this moisturizer is always soothing
over their retinol serum
hydration lasts all day
i see the effects this moisturizer can give for my stressed out skin
this cream is not too rich but very moisturizing.
the genius ultimate anti-aging vitamin c+ serum
this product is unscented
this is a rich moisturizer that i use at night with the algenist genius serum
this is the moisturizer for you
i don't need eye crème when i use it
i do not like perfumed facial products
it's very moisturizing w/out being too heavy.
with no parabens or artificial sunscreens
anti-aging facial cleaner
the multi-perfecting detoxifying exfoliator
i love the algenist eye renewal balm
i sometimes get stuck avoiding moisturizing that area because all creams give me acne there
if you do tend to get acne from certain areas from moisturizers
this moisturizer is highly emollient
my holy grail moisturizer!
need a moisturizer with strong uv protection
nice basic cleanser for oily skin
my skin drinks this in
exfoliant just once so far
it hydrates the skin well
it feels very moisturizing
it is a bit strong for someone postmenopausal
this purify mask is a wonderful peels it off like they say
does a better job in exfoliating your pores
this one does not smell as bad as the exfoliating radiance
wanted to try one of fab's redness products
seeing the exfoliation of the skin
i don't have acne prone skin
mattifying for me in the summer
purified after each use
it hydrates my skin
i break out to all purifying masks
ultra repair face moisturizer
i pair it with the skin rescue cleanser
look to see all of the impurities
non-irritating mask with hormonal break out problems
my skin is not overdry using this cleanser with the cream
it left my skin so soft--it didn't advertise as exfoliating
in 20 minutes this promises to detoxify
phthalate free mask promised instant results like a professional treatment
it was a descent amount 1oz face cleanser.
a little more on the oily side with hormonal acne
this cleanser has al
this cleanser is actually a holy grail.
acne prone skin as wella s pores
i don't use my bath soap to wash my fave as any fave wash cleanser on regular basis makes my skin dryer
this is the holy grail of cleansers if you have oily skin
this cleanser was added
the only complaint i have is the gel texture
i just put some moisturizer on
i used the fab facial radiance pads
used with the exfoliating cleanser they work great
this cleanser is non-irritating
helps with the redness
the facial radiance pads
this is my holy grail cleanser
i love this cleanser!
it foams way better than fab's regular cleanser
i love this cleanser
i made sure to apply a moisturizer to my skin to avoid over drying
got this cleanser with my playbox
foundation as well as bronzer
my skin is super-combo
this face cleanser is gentle
i finish it off with a toner
the toner is enough
as long as you moisturize
the fresh mattifying exfoliator for complete oil control
due to the sodium laureth sulfate
most lotions or cleansers i tried would cause my skin to swell up the next morning or cause immediate redness
i could definitely tell the difference when i switched to a vitamin c oil to save $
i used the serum as well
i think the best part of this mask is the undeniable moisturizing effect
right now he is using kate sommerville's acne spot lotion
i also recommend the serum
i alternate every couple of days use with the peter thomas roth retinal night serum since i have oily skin
especially when i use it with the murad post acne spot lightening gel
all the treatments i started using from ptr
i ended up with melasma
will brighten your complexion due to the high vitamin c it contains
so i use it in the morning before sunscreen.
i also use shiseido spf 50 face sunscreen every day
use ole henriksen's vitamin c serum
this cream moistrise my skin
i love vitamin c serums
been using with murad serum for spot
needing a heavy nighttime moisturizer i saw this product
in time the product will hydrate your skin
what did i expect when it's a vitamin c mask
i don't know about it working on collagen
it feels great and vitamin c packed.
i also use this in conjunction with the sulfur acne mask by ptr
thanks ptr sulfur mask
which is unusual as i normally only have hormonal cystic acne
i put it on like moisturizer at night
compared to the boscia overnight moisturizer
is so hydrating that i don't need to use am additional moisturizer when i put this on
this is really moisturizing.
vitamin c sleeping facial stuff
the vitamin c is even more concentrated
when i used it as an hydrating mask
that you also can use for e about 10 minutes as a moisturizing mask
usually anything with vitamin c irritates my skin
it is worth your money if you know that your skin responds well to vitamin c infused products
moisturizers my skin for its needs
that's the power and beauty of vitamin c.
i used it under a night cream after exfoliating.
i exfoliate / peel regularly to help cell turnover
i tried fresh's rose eye gel
i am using this in combination with an eye serum.
i love this eye cream as a preventative eye cream
the lotus eye serum caused severe dryness
i've tried a lot of eye creams
i definitely noticed concealer doesn't get as cakey
it was moisturizing with the ability to apply concealer over without any peeling
it is moisturizing and visibly firming.
i used many eye creams before
for my age its hydrating
my skin is combination
could be from my diet/exercise
extremely moisturizing without being greasy.
it keeps my eye area moisturizer
i love that there are no parabens.
this cream really helped hydrate the area to reduce the appearance of wrinkles
i've purchased eye creams from guerlain
i just purchased the serum
it's hydrating, yet firming.
this is so moisturizing
break out at many eye-creams
allergies from other eye products
i think the rose one is more hydrating
this eye cream reduces my wrinkles
works well with concealer
we both love it--it's amazingly moisturizing
apply this serum before moisturizer
the serum deeply hydrates
i only use it at night as my serum
all i need after this product is a tinted moisturizer
night before my moisturizer
i find this to be very moisturizing
the "milk" is actually an emulsion
in the winter, i use it with josie maran cream.
really liked this serum
really love this serum
i sampled this not knowing that it helps reduce redness from rosacea
very moisturizing while also absorbent
i've always used a basic moisturizer
i've tried all of the serums
i finally tried the $20 bottle of argan milk
i can't use this as a daily moisturizer
i apply the pure argan milk
followed by 100% argan oil
i can say it helped hydrate my skin
what a waste of an expensive moisturizer!
i love this cream (i use it as a cream).
i love this serum.
in the cold northeast i always use a serum under my moisturizer in the fall through the spring
i know this is only purified water
which helps my acne
this is highly moisturizing and non-comedogenic.
this is my all time favorite serum
prep skin for makeup
i only have hormone based acne
super moisturizing, but not super oily.
it's a mix of a serum and a moisturizer.
this was intensely moisturizing
i love love love this hydrating treatment.
night to help remoisturize my skin that is super irritated from retinol use
i just started using ptr retinol pm
argan milk helps hydrate my poor skin
richer moisturizers usually break me out
after i cleanse with josie maran's cleanser i put this product on my face
then i use the 100% argan oil
the argan light under my moisturizer at night
i only used this as a night serum
have tried just about everything in search of the best facial moisturizer/serum
highly recommend the argan milk/argan light combo
was so blown away by how moisturizing
has eliminated redness/inflammation
a serum that truly moisturizes so much that a separate moisturizer is not needed
very very oily.... almost like sunscreen.
this product is my holy grail for dryness.
i've tried numerous face creams
help it by first applying the rose serum from origins
i just use it like a moisturizer and go.
money into finding products that would moisturize my face
i love this moisturizer for bedtime!
truly moisturizers your face
!exfoliate with yes to, grapefruit.
the beads do all the work without the stripping of chemical moisturizers
creams from so many br
this treatment is like a miracle cream!
its moisturizing lasts for over 24hrs!
used it after exfoliating
after using the youth exfoliate mask i really needed a moisturizer
applied my usual moisturizer after
i like the coconut scent feels hydrating
no moisturizer would help
i love slathering this stuff on after exfoliating in the shower at the beginning of the day
i wear this as a moisturizer at night
will continue purchasing until i find a product even more moisturizing
it is a heavy moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
after applying a thin layer as a moisturizing night cream before bed
is it super hydrating?
if you need hydration
i started using this product as a nighttime moisturizer
it is super hydrating
just rub it in like a regular moisturizer
she was worried that all of the moisturizing quality would be absorbed by her
it's an amazing moisturizer.
i also use their serum
i wrote a similar review for the cru elixir
la crème riche is everything i would hope for in a moisturizer
i am on my second bottle of the caudal elixir
this is that lotion.
i previously used the premier cru lotion
this not only moisturizes my skin during the winter
especially if you use it with the elixir
i love this cream because it moisturizes
fragrance is another chemical to dry out skin
i also think that hydrating the skin will reduce blackheads
hydrating the skin starts at an early age
use a topical rx for acne
i also use the foaming facial wash
especially when it comes to moisturizers
even another moisturizer i love
i cut the riche creme with my serum for smoother application at night
i normally don't use creams
with the crème formulae breaking out
i am experiencing terrible peri-menopausal symptoms
although the eye cru really helps puffiness
lips serum--i feel the serum better helps moisturize
the creme riche appears to reduce the visibility of wrinkles
although i am using two moisturizers at night
i just mixed this with a few drops of my night serum
it hydrates my skin
tried all the acne gels/lotions/sprays...nothing!
i've used it before putting on a serum
i've put it in after my serum
my holy grail moisturizer!
it is truly moisturizing and softens fine lines.
i wear concealer over it
if you don't worry about your undereye concealer creasing or don't wear concealer in the first place
i've used many creams that cause my eyeliner/mascara to travel down my face
i wear it everyday with concealer on top
this eye cream is hydrating
didn't even come back with a tan after using all my shisedo sunscreens
sunscreen is a must for me.
this is my first eye sunscreen
makes sense to use sunscreen around the eyes
then supplement with this eye cream
i think it also has some hydrating effects.
because even though i try to wear sunscreen daily
advanced anti-aging eye cream broad spectrum sunscreen spf 37
i needed to walk out with a moisturizing eye cream with spf
it doesn't smell anything like sunscreen
it's not the most moisturizing eye cream out there
why don't more under-eye creams have spf?
so sunscreen is m
a good face sunscreen under my makeup
sunscreen is the scientifically proven ant-aging product
it moisturizes my combination skin well
use an eye makeup remover
used as just a toner
i love this facial water!
ren's 3-in-1 cleansing water really lives up to the promise of a cleanser
it cleanses, tones and moisturizes your skin.
i don't use it as makeup remover
love this cleansing water.
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleansing water
this is the perfect cleanser to use in a pinch
wao a perfect for cleaning the makeup of my face
i find to remove stubborn waterproof eyeliners
i like to use it as a toner after i wash my face at night
with my ren cleanser
this cleansing oil works wonders
i do use a cleanser afterwards
go in with a regular cleanser
i always double cleanse because i haven't found a cleanser that can remove makeup
one-step makeup remover
massage it into my skin
i love this cleanser!
even the waterproof makeup
is less irritating than scrubbing with a traditional cleanser
i used this to melt off mascara
low end oil cleansers/ makeup removers
i follow up by cleansing my skin with an oil free cleanser used with an exfoliating facial spin brush
micellar water for my eyes
nightly use for dissolving makeup and sunscreen.
stubborn lipsticks or liquid lipstick
most of oil remover bring me breakouts
the balm stays in your h
afterwards i use a cleanser
i love a facial oil for cleansing
i follow with my normal cleanser
you are cleansing the skin
this cleansing oil has been a skin saver for me.
i prefer this to the ttdo balm
i don't use waterproof mascara
i really love cleansing oils
i love this makeup remover!
i've tried many cleansers on my acne prone
these oil balms are great.
i love this makeup remover.
i've also tried the ren cleansing balm which works well
i prefer the pump one over the balm
i follow it with a cleanser or scrub then lotion as per normal
i've tried other makeup remover oil
buxom waterproof mascara daily
this cleansing oil works very well even removing my waterproof mascara
then id have to use a cream to remove my mascara
i will never use another facial cleanser
just tinted moisturizer most of the time
i also tried estee lauder take it away makeup remover lotion
even though im allergic to fragrance products
i follow with my cerave cleanser
especially the waterproof mascara with the primer underneath
i've tried another oil cleanser
i used many oils to remove my makeup
i love this cleanser!
erases all my tough waterproof mascara
thought i was buying the eye makeup remover
this product is a miracle in a bottle.
you can use this cleanser
after trying this makeup remover
this cleanser is a bit drying
em with a cream exfoliant
i've only used this remover with benefit mascaras
i love the cleansing oil!
very moisturizing on my dry skin.
after this cleansing oil
i used the cleansing water
nterested in cleansing oils such as this one
t's hygenic whereas my coconut oil
this is my new go to makeup remover
followed with my regular moisturizer.
i decided to pick this cleanser up as a pre-cleanser before using my clinique liquid facial soap
then i follow with my clinique liquid facial soap
i've tried makeup forever's eye makeup remover
my water proof mascara
with this being a cleansing oil i thought it would be a little more moisturizing
i typically use this after i have moisturized
a brilliant product for undereye use before concealer
cover them with concealer every day
i mainly use this under my eyes before applying my concealer
the concealer that i se tend to crease
i've used it in conjunction with laura mercier's mineral foundation
found this cream to be more moisturizing
i like the moisturizing effect so much that i am holding out hoping my skin will adjust in time
its not a miracle cream
i wear primer, bb & finishing powder.
nothing can replace fillers or a facelift
the mimosa or white tea lotions are better
it causes a skin condition called "porphyria
use concealer on top
for me in makes a huge difference with concealer/foundation/powder from settling into the wrinkles
i wear it alone with a little bronzer
that's miniature for face lotion.
i mix a very small tad of tinted moisturizer in with my regular moisturizer
this is a holy grail primer which i use from prom makeovers
its very moisturizing so you might want to avoid it if you have oily skin
serves as a good base while moisturizing your face
the la base is unscented
this product is more mattifying
i like using this product when i skip foundation or tinted moisturizer
i find this to be a nice moisturizing cream
not from toxic fragrances
i love ren moisturizers!
applied several creams to my face
it's not as hydrating as the other lotus face lotion
heavy moisturizers just sit on my skin.
i truly love this lotion.
let it soak in before applying the fresh peony spf lotion
i love this moisturizer.
if you are heavy on the moisturizer
my issues with moisturizers is they eventually break me out in acne or redness
this lotion is perfect for that.
i will not call this lotion a miracle worker.
i recently ran out of essences / serums
it is light weight and hydrating.
after shopping around for a perfect moisturizer
i feel like this lotion moisturizes
after using it for just a couple weeks with the fresh soy face cleanser
i love this moisturizer.
i also use along with the fresh soy face cleanser
i sometimes wear it under moisturizer
it is very moisturizing
i sleep with a humidifier
it doesnt feel particularly moisturizing
i love this lotion.
i wanted a very hydrating lotion that will not clog my pores or cause irratation
is anti-aging without harsh products like retinol
daily moisturizer to help brighten my skin
i love the youth preserve moisturizer
i don't even need to use serum before the lotion.
preventative anti-aging with a lightweight texture
can't get a moisturizing face wash because i get extremely oily in the day time
this helps moisturize a bit
i love this face lotion!
used this lotion for a week.
the cream version at night
i tried this lotion
if you want a day lotion
i like to mix it with a couple of drops of argan oil
while my skin is too oily to use this as a daily moisturizer
the moisturizing feel stays all day
i've tried a lot of detox/deep cleaning masks
you know those capsules that makeup artists use
i massage it in as directed
i would recommend exfoliating first before using this make
it helped with my acne.
i don't know how detoxing or cleansing it is
i follow up with a light moisturizer
i follow with ptr moisturizer or first aid beauty cream
perricone md chloro plasma will definitely purchase again
i still moisturize plenty after rinsing it off
i tried samples of everything to try to hydrate
love his acyl-gluathione eye lid serum.
it feels good to pamper myself twice a week with a facial
massage mask against skin until all 'microcapsules'
moisturizer on daily basis
this is a nice exfoliating mask.
chloro plasma does a great job
bought the science of plasma kit
i applied this before my nighttime serum
it is also a healer for your skin
chloro plasma doesn't burn like glamglow does.
smoothes my skin moisturizes
thank you for my chloro plasma!
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
sometimes moisturizers will make my cheeks
this moisturizer makes my skin look glowy
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
chloro plasma makes my face a perfect canvas for makeup application
i wanted a mask that would help detoxify my skin
i am still on the hunt for a sunscreen that can be worn under makeup
i got it because i wanted a moisturizer with spf
one of my all time favourite moisturizers with spf
my go to daily moisturizer!
doesn't flake like some spf moisturizers have in the past
non offensive smelling moisturizer
this moisturizer/ sunscreen is great!
hands-down my favourite moisturizer!
i find it is not as oily as other moisturizers i have use with spf
that also hydrates my skin
previously i've been a user of origins a perfect world antioxidant moisturizer
when my moisturizer was finished i decided to give this one a go because it addresses facial discolouration
with hormonal acne on my chin
i love origins lotions
i love that this moisturizer is long wearing
love this everyday moisturizer.
most moisturizers break me out
after a month of using this in conjunction with the original skin serum my dark scars are faded
this moisturizer is a bit heavy
a perfect world are my two go-to moisturizers
being that i have be diagnosed with skin cancer because i never put on sunscreen
his creams are amazing
i now mix clarins spf with origins ginzing moisturizer for under my makeup
it feels less heavy than a concealer
i love this moisturizer.
i usually have a slight reaction to chemicals found in lotions/creams
i pair the cream with clarins eye cream
this is the only moisturizer that works
my oily/combination/acne prone/sensitive skin does not like sunscreen
i also started using the caudalie vinoperfect radiance serum at the same time as this product
this is the only moisturizer i don't mind using for an spf
it's a light weight moisturizer
the first aid beauty redness reducer serum
i am hooked on this moisturizer!
i wanted to try this moisturizer because of the spf
they always fell short of being moisturizing enough
hydration under my foundation
sometimes heavier moisturizers at night
i am acne prone combination skin
my first sunscreen face moisturizer
the clinique sun block moisturizer during the day
it is so moisturizing
or i mix with with another serum
i also mix it with any night time oil or moisturizer i use
i added this as a first step before moisturizing
wanted a night serum that wasn't oily-feeling to exfoliate
will add some to my moisturizer
love the ingredients in this product.
works well alone or mixed with my hydrating moisturizer
this serum has literally changed my skin!
at night with my moisturizers
with your moisturizer or makeup
i continue use a low-dose benzoil peroxide to keep new breakouts at bay
i love this serum.
bought it because i have been using dr gross retinoid eye serum for a maybe 9 months
it is a mild exfoliant
i do add it to my serums in the am
this stuff is the perfect daytime moisturizer eye products
concealer cake on it
not look like concealer
it helps with puffiness.
i will throw a darker concealer over it
i do not like to wear foundation/concealer on a daily basis
found that it works best on clean skin or layered over a non-emollient product
i don't use under eye concealer
cake like a concealer does
i need next to no concealer after applying it.
put concealer over it
the metal applicator is a nice feature to help massage it in for better absorption
either tarte'a bb cream or becca's eye brightener
then i will put some concealer
so now i use a beauty blender or my tarte concealer brush to apply it
use this under your concealer
brightener or base makeup
my issue with powders is that they are drying
great mixed with an eye primer or concealer, too!
i can wear this without concealer
provides a light level of concealer for under eye dark spots
which means less concealer :d
it provides such a great base for my concealer
i love the applicator
while it isn't concealer
as well as puffiness from sinus / allergy congestion
the stainless steel applicator is amazing!
i still use some concealer on top for coverage
this is a great product for people will undereye puffiness
creates a great base for concealer
combined with my concealer it looks natural
it makes my concealer perform better.
i ordered it as an under eye brightener
no foundation/tinted moisturizer
it might be the placebo effect
i usually always wear concealer
i even use it as my bed time eye cream since it's pretty moisturizing
by morning i still have to use a good under eye concealer
helps prevent creasing of concealer if applied on top
used under nars creamy concealer
hydrates under the eye
eye cream and concealer in one.
use it every night along with my fab ultra repair cream to moisturize
it's not very moisturizing
allowing me to go without concealer
i love the applicator tip
doesn't cause mascara smudging like most eye creams
goes well under concealer
i noted it also decongested my hormonal acne prone chin
i found it more exfoliating than i expected
effective exfoliation w/o drying or irritating your skin
follow this up with some serum
helps to detoxify the skin without drying
unless it's a moisturizing mask
i am a big believer in algae
algenist are the experts in algae
the little algae particles help to exfoliate my skin
i got a sample from the store to test first since i am allergic to many cosmetic ingredients
prone to reactions to facial products
this is product doesn't give me allergy
used to get hormonal breakouts
rub it around on your face for some exfoliation
it exfoliates as you put it on
when i rinse it off i scrub a little extra for more exfoliating
i've tried many scrubs, masks, treatments etc.
with awful hormonal breakouts
i've tested under chanel liquid foundation
i mix 2 drops in with my moisturizer.
it stretches the longevity of my moisturizer
i put this serum on
i got this serum for my extremely dry skin.
my skin does feel a bit more moisturized after using the serum
i apply this after my skin inc serum to my dry patches
i've noticed it hydrates my skin
i do follow with belief aqua bomb moisturizer
usually around my nose during allergy season
this serum truly delivers what it claims to do
it is like hydration bomb for your skin
oil-free serum that hydrates the skin
evening under a retinol serum
this serum hydrates very nicely
this is a high quality serum at an affordable price
which is often dehydrated because of acid treatments that i use to prevent acne
at night before my retinol cream
this is not a moisturizer
then use your moisturizer
i got a sunburn yesterday n my skin is
i just bought the set for acne serum
i find this is perfect before applying serum
priming my skin for my serum/moisturizer
this isn't like a moisturizer
i like this serum, the texture is fabulous.
this serum is one of my essentials.
i've tried so many hydration serums/oils in the past
i mix a few drops in with my moisturizer every morning
i applied this as a serum under my usual moisturizer
i've tried other hylauronic acid serums
i've enjoyed the josie maran argan milk to add to my moisturizer during the winter
i've found a moisturizing antioxidant serum that doesn't contain pore-clogging ingredients
acne-prone skin i can't use traditional moisturizers
mattifying ones are usually lacking in the antioxidant department
i sometimes use it alone or mix it with a moisturizing toner
i also mix it into my serum in the morning
a couple of drops of my serum
this serum is ok
when i use this serum it maybe helps a little for burning
this awesome serum calms
this moisturizer is just right for daytime.
need a heavier duty moisturizer at night
i enjoyed using this cleanser.
i definitely recommend this cleanser
this is very moisturizing
tend to lean toward cleansers that don't strip my skin of it's natural oils
then follow up by cleansing my skin with the rosa centifolia cleanser
great everyday 2nd cleanser or even just a morning cleanser
had an allergic reaction
oil based cleanser tend to break me out
i follow up with a serum and moisturizer.
the cleanser itself doesn't feel exfoliating
now when i use the toner after cleansing there is no left over residue like i had with the previous cleansers i've tried
this cleanser has helped return some balance to the oils in my skin
i enjoyed using this hot cloth cleanser.
i'll usually wash my face with another cleanser
pregnancy hormone related acne
this product is a cream to wash my face
when i used a toner
i used a toner after
i just love this cleanser!
the added spa technique of a hot cloth
it takes off my bb cream/ sunscreen too
milky cleanser that is effective in removing the day from my face
i typically only wear a tinted moisturizer
i used the included washcloth
have found other cleansers i enjoy
looking at you ptr anti-aging cleansing gel
this cleanser is gift from the god
this creamy cleanser removes makeup
the calming cleansing milk
balm or oil cleanser i have ever used
of this cleanser is refreshing
i've tried a ton of his glycolic toners
essano rosehip oil night cream
first one being the pumpkin enzyme mask.
i simply put a thin layer of this product over the pm lotion in the acne kit
i alternate between exfoliating masks
moisturizing masks through the week
moisturizes hot summer skin
it was this product along with the first aid beauty hydration cream
cool with the consistency of aloe vera gel
this is the perfect moisturizing mask
the gel is cooling
like a super thick aloe vera
hydrating without bringing on the grease.
this rose eye cream felt more hydrating
the murad acne starter kit
every other night as a sealant to my night moisturizer
use many good antiaging products including retin a
i am 26 with combination and acne prone skin.
it is not an allergic reaction
giving all the benefits of glycolic with the soothing
i am on acne products
ptr cleansers might not be for you
since this does have a bit of glycolic acid in it
i supplement my cleansing routine with boscia black charcoal cleanser
the best cleanser/facial soap i've used in a while
use fresh soy cleanser in the morning
this cleanser goes a long way
the only thing i've changed in my regimen is this cleanser
i no longer have to use a toner with this cleanser
i switched to this product from bobbi brown's tube lather soap
then the ptr night retinol serum
i will continue to use this cleanser.
this cleanser keeps my skin exfoliated.
contains glycolic acid that gently exfoliates my skin
i get the perfect amount of exfoliation
i love this cleanser!
the texture of this cleanser is unlike any mask or cleanser i've used
i love that it doesn't smell chemically.
i wanted to stick with juice beauty
i love the thickness of this gel
i find that this cleanser in conjunction with my mia2 is really helping to decrease the oiliness in my tzone
with burt's bee's makeup removing towelettes
this works by itself to hydrate my skin
this might be my new hg cleanser.
because this is my "gentle" cleanser
i still use the murad clarifying cleanser most mornings
i asked for a sample of this because i was curious how it compared to the glycolic acid face wash
ptr rose stem cell cleansing gel is amazing.
glycolic acid is strong stuff
used the other cleaners from ptr
i think i would prefer a non-glycolic acid
/or sulfate free formula
the glycolic acid is for repairing the signs of aging
i would gladly give up the "lather effect" if this gel would be made sulfate-free
non-glycolic acid cleansing gel or creme
foams up for cleaning
as always i prefer products free of parabens
use my usual vitamin e oil/balm sticks to moisturize my face when i go to bed
like most glycolic acid cleansers
i love this cleanser
after starting to use this cleanser
i found wetting the skin first allows the product to produce more of a suds
plumping your skin as you wash
this plumps the skin and exfoliates my t-zones.
i don't need a toner after this
then moved on to ren rose centrafolia exfoliating cleanser which is awesome
feels like a gel cleanser mixed with a bit of oil
i loved the idea of stem cells in a cleansers.
this cleanser is definitely more gentle than the anti-aging formula
i love this cleanser.
i love the scent of this cleanser
doing an exfoliation treatment
looking to try the age arrest moisturizer as well :
however did not find it as moisturizing as it claimed to be a hydrating mask
the no foundation serum
this serum has made my skin look better
only this foundation serum stays put
for the serum there's one color
this serum somehow blends perfectly
i put it on over my moisturizer
love the physical sunscreen block properties.
i just need a little concealer
i love the no foundation foundation serum.
i like powders in the summer for oil
i blend this with the no bronzer bronzer to get the right shade for my darker skin tone
this serum is beyond fabulous.
use no other foundation or powder with it-- just a concealer under my eyes
i like to add some of philosophy's loose vitamin c powder to a few drops in my palm
dab on a vegan cream blush
depending on what powder sunscreen you add
the serum is more matte than the original formula
i do use a moisturizer underneath
the sunscreen benefit has to be one of the best features for me
this foundation serum is like the love child of a tinted moisturizer/bb cream
i tried the foundation serum out on a whim
my skin tends to be more on the sensitive side because of my dermatologist-prescribed acne regimen
all i need is to brush a little bronzer
i love the way this serum makes my skin feel.
im in love with this foundation serum.
i love you no foundation foundation serum
it also hydrates your skin and has spf.
the consultant recommended this serum
i love this serum.
before i started using this serum
i came across this serum in travel size
that must be just silicones
as the serum sets to velvety
i love this serum.
the "no highlighter" highlighter
this serum made my skin look perfect all day
moisturizing and blends so easily.
i used this serum
this foundation serum shows up very orange on my skin
i just use bronzer and blush.
i would need too much bronzer to look good
this perricone serum foundation fits the bill
this serum has worked wonders for me
you can modify the tint by adding the bronzer
or adding the highlighter
this serum is a must have for me.
low threshold for chemicals/preservatives in formulas
i far prefer the serum version in terms of texture
i mix in a little bit of liquid nars orgasm to the foundation
this is nice for a little color when mixed with a sunscreen moisturizer
on its own it's not moisturizing enough
mix a few drops with sunscreen moisturizer
i went with the serum
you can use a beauty blender
my routine is using the ole henriksen truth serum® vitamin c collagen booster first
but not this serum.
i can use it match my face to my tan
like a menthol effect on your skin
for the guys having trouble with this product try the oil free facial lotion
it's great daily moisturizer.
most are just another cream/serum/gel
i followed it with my moisturizer
follow up with a mattifying moisturizer after it dries
mix two or three drops in with my moisturizer
natural face oil that also had a little retinol
all the ingredients aren't natural
my skin is combo
if i haven't been keeping up with my exfoliation
have difficulties finding products that are truly moisturizing
it is a very creamy mask and very moisturizing.
for $40 there are many other good moisturizing masks available on the market
i love this lotion.
it's not intensely moisturizing
it has great antioxidant protection from the green tea
this moisturizer is amazing- at least for my skin type
somewhat of a break for my skin as well since i use vitamin c
retinol creams alternating between those because i feel like this contains very mild ingredience
this moisturizer is very light
it hydrates my skin immediately
it's a moisturizing cream that i can use day or night without the heaviness of other creams
i've tried so many face creams
i apply this oil after using caudalie detox mask
i can't use those due to immune suppressant medication
it has no parabens.
use the detox one at nighta love claudalie products
chin due to an acne lotion i used
it also helps w redness
my eyeliner and concealer stay put.
as an eye creme
i wanted something to help with puffiness
put nutrients into my skin
super hydrating and great anti-aging benefits.
concealer slides on like a dream.
quercetin eye cream if applied too close to the upper eye lid
sulwahasoo renewing ginseng eye cream
this products works wonders moisturizing under my eyes
i love this gel cream.
the rose serum does, too.
the serum did not smell that way at all
followed by lush eau roma toner water
fresh rose deep hydration moisturizer
hydrating eye cream with cucumber
i wanted something extremely moisturizing that would wear well under makeup
that doesn't make my eye concealer pill up or separate
this one actually hydrates
love the scent and how hydrating it is.
it is very moisturizing without being oily
would not recommend immediate concealer application after applying
it is so hydrating a moisturizing
either because of ingredients or irritation
i find it hydrating
the eye gel is soothing
i've tried tons of eye creams
this gel cream is amazinggg!!
applying makeup on top of this gel cream also looks amazing
i love this eye gel.
theres one person who suggested applying this eye cream when the skin is still damp because this product contains hyaluronic acid
hyaluronic acid draws water to the skin
this was my first experience with a gel eye cream
have been hunting for a hydrating product that is not quite anti-aging
hydrates the skin area
unlike those juice blends
cooling gel cream formula refreshes
this is a very lightweight eye gel that is very moisturizing
results in clinically dry skin
so i've tried a lot of eye creams.
especially when i apply concealer on my dark circles
i wanted a product that would hydrate
slight fragrance more reminiscent of fresh's soy cleanser than rosewater
i love the texture of the gel-cream!
it is very moisturizing without feeling heavy.
not only does it moisturize
applying eyeshadows was impossible
i love this eye gel!
a positive is that it doesn't make my corrector or concealer crease
this is the most hydrating eye cream i've ever used
it's definitely very moisturizing
i've tried a number of other eye creams including clinique
i wear a few creams
powders to cover my circles
this eye gel cream is amazing
sometimes i use this as an eye serum
lightly exfoliate to help the product sink in
hormonal/oily skin problems
we have tried blackhead cleansers, strips, masks.
going through some hormonal changes
i also love the step 2 cooling serum strip.
buy a good pore cleansing wash
exfoliant for your nose
in addition to using a pore-targeting moisturizer
rehydrate it with the patch
i cleanse with boscia and philosophy.
the serum works great
just tried it for the first time after using the ren glycol acid radiance renewal mask
i see a difference when using both creams
the night cream is cooling
not harsh like other creams
i could live without the day cream which smells like a mixture of sunscreen
i could tell a difference in moisturizing immediately after application
the night cream is very emollient.
you are getting two creams for this price
maybe it is the sunscreen
day creams where some other eye creams go for $100
loved everything about these creams.
you are getting two creams at $75 each
i love how both eye creams are in one package!
the daytime has spf 25!
is also very moisturizing
the night cream is also very moisturizing
after trying countless creams
5 stars for this product's moisturizing properties
probably because of the sunscreen
these creams are a life saver.
these creams have helped all of those things!
i love the spf in the day cream
it starts to exfoliate a little
i slathered in some moisturizer
detoxes while also conditioning your skin
acne problems that i was working with a dermatologist for
then rinse follow up with a nice moisturizer usu
not so much your routine facial moisturizer couldn't h
mild rosacea outbreaks from time to time
mega-c is now my go to serum!
within seconds the serum is absorbed into my skin
has a scent that is a bit medicinal
if you're looking to add vitamin c
this is a great serum
it's all about the vitamin c
kept reading how vitamin c
hyaluronic acid work well together
this is my first time using a serum
this serum is definitely a powerhouse.
this serum is truly working wonders for the furrow between my brows
i highly recommend trying this before considering botox injections
this contains a topical substitute for botox
while "hydrating" is not the main claim touted by this oh eye gel
hydrating the skin around the eyes
this gel is very moisturizing.
works wonders on puffiness
love this eye gel.
i am new to eye creams.
help with my wrinkles
it is a night cream
puffiness that have developed
its not really a moisturizing product
as someone said "like hairspray" below
i applied the eye cream
i still need an undereye moisturizer
it's a light and cooling gel.
it is super hydrating
i just finished using a sample of the perricone md cold plasma eye cream
the gel formula keeps you from rubbing the cream in
this nighttime gel is cooling
helps with morning puffiness
i like that it has many botanicals in it
i find this gel refreshing
creams are best for under makeup/for daytime.
i do like the gel
i keep reading all these reviews that this eye cream makes your concealer crease
t's a great preventative on wrinkles/crows feet
as i don't have to use any other moisturizers with it
this gel helped alleviate the redness
similar in texture to pure aloe vera.
i'd rather add some moisturizer
i reach for this gel
especially if your skin is not used to exfoliation or chemical exfoliation
the intense chemical exfoliation does make pores look smaller
could make some larger pimples worse because of the chemical exfoliation
i didn't wanna spend $$$ on getting a microdermabrasion facial
i did top it off with a gel moisturizer
it's great because it has a physical exfoliant
left with this miracle exfoliating mask
the combination of the exfoliating particles
enzymes works really well on my combination skin
i my acne is gone
the ordinary glycolic toner
fab extreme glycolic pads
it's a gentle enough exfoliant that it doesn't irritate my skin at all
because of the gel-like texture
doesn't help with hyperpigmentation or blemishes
take care with your first couple of uses if you haven't used a chemical exfoliator
you do have to get paste the burning because pumpkin enzyme is used for micro dermabrasion
after this i use the aloe mask that also comes in the mask a holic 5 pack to settle my skin
that is normal for me after using an exfoliant
my go-to mask was the philosophy vitamin c peel
i already chemical exfoliate my skin every night with a 12% glycolic serum
then follow up with my chemical exfoliator
i didn't just start with 12% glycolic every night
did apply a gel moisturizer on him--just that one night
then follow with a moisturizer
i find it very effective at exfoliating
skeptic of skin care products other than gentle cleansers
gels irritate my skin
you may experience redness.
is very effective at exfoliating
it is the best exfoliating mask i have tried.
light enzyme mask that does a good at-home exfoliation
not a substitute for a real peel with my facialist
my monthly facial includes a pumpkin peel
i love this enzyme mask
actually, i love facial products period.
avoid botox for as long as possible
it's a 3 in one exfoliant, peel, and polished.
which is the pumpkin enzymes
3- it stings when you put it on bc of the alpha hydroxy acid
most exfoliating treatments do not do much to remedy it
any sort of exfoliating treatment/mask has made my skin smoother for maybe a day
this hasn't been the case with the pumpkin enzyme mask
if you don't exfoliate
just use a heavy moisturizer
my skin feels like i've had a professional facial
best weekly mask for acne and dullness!
it's my favorite exfoliating mask.
the perfect amount of exfoliant
i used it a bit like an exfoliator
it is super exfoliating
have to be extremely careful with skincare products being allergic to citrus things with that as an ingredient can break me out like the sunday riley luna night oil
my face is used to glycolic
i've used many exfoliating products
i often need to exfoliate
this mask is a highly effective exfoliating treatment that polishes the skin
essential for a do it yourself facial
after enduring 30 radiation treatments for brain tumors
cucumber masks are regular staples in my skin care routine
it's great for exfoliating
for an effective exfoliator it works wonders
while also moisturizing your skin with the alpha hydroxy
it is a great exfoliant
i got this in a kit with the cucumber
this cleanser is the only one i've tried that is gentle
it doesn't strip my skin of my natural oils
it might be best to remove mascara with eye makeup remover first
after using this cleanser i noticed a difference in my skin
i love this cleanser!
this one is my go to cleanser
it is what it says it is: a gentle daily cleanser
i follow up with the algenist hydrating essence toner while my skin is still damp
it used to take me ages to rinse
this cleanser works great for removing makeup
i'll do a pre-cleanse if wearing makeup
i am also using the caudalie cru crème.
the best facial cleanser on the market today!
to remove my mineral sunscreen
i've tried everything from dermalogica to purity to drugstore cleansers
i follow with the algenist toner
makeup remover -- use this one-step product to clean your face
i really like cleansers that double as non-irritating eye makeup removers
i love this cleanser!
i love that i can use this cleanser to remove my makeup
moisturizer right after cleansing
makeup from your skin
a cleanser you get both in this product
i typically on use milk cleansers
like to use a cleanser with salicylic acid for my breakouts
i just finished the ptr anti-aging gel
referred me to this cleanser
kept the natural oils in my skin
i alternate with an exfoliant
i'd give this cleanser a try
i just use a cleansing oil or makeup remover for that
i don't wear waterproof mascara
regular mascara as well as long-wearing eyeshadows
gel cleanser for my face
red spots daily- am/pm under my moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
you want to use moisturizer
it's so moisturizing and smooth.
i like to start the regimen with the peony foaming facial cleanser
this moisturizer is a life saver.
i also don’t think i’d use it to moisturize under makeup
s of creams give me allergy
because contains ingredients that are highly allergenic like citral
it is extremely moisturizing
i do wish there was an unscented version of this cream because the scent can be a bit overwhelming
this moisturizer is amazing.
i've tried another collection of l'occitane creams
i am very skeptical about creams and lotions.
i also like that it is botanical
it very moisturizing without feeling greasy
for years i've used one moisturizer
i often went with gels because i have hormonal adult acne
this serum keeps me hydrated all day long
this serum is a bit of a mystery to me.
this to me is a great starter serum for pre aging
since i've started using the serum i've felt less need to
this serum actually helps soothe my skin
what works best for me is one pump of serum at bedtime
i follow with a serious moisturizer
used it before applying the clinique dramatically different moisturizing cream
it was a 10 ml bottle
was layering clinique's salicylic acid gel with my moisturizer to clear it up
once i found the smart repair serum
i would recommend this serum it worked for me.
i love this serum!
good genes or drunk elephant glycolic
i really like this serum
it was thicker than most serums
this is a serum i don't ever want to be without.
this serum is pricey
i love this serum!
i like this serum!
the texture of this serum is luxurious
i would definitely recommend this serum for everyone
this serum is very soothing to my sensitive combination skin
this is the best serum i have tried
this serum is a miracle worker!
but i put moisturizer after applying this serum.
this is an amazing serum.
find it's my favorite go to serum
i've used it at night before moisturizing
this serum really balances it out
this is the only wrinkle serum where i have actually noticed a difference
wouldn't saying this is exactling moisturizing or exfoliating
this serum helped with my acne.
my acne is gone
if you struggle with acne i highly recommend trying this serum
that does help with hydrating the face
this serum worked well at night
summary: mild, almost scentless serum.
i started using this serum a week ago
this serum has a great texture
i've tried a few other serum br
based on only 2 applications of this serum
i only use half a pump of the serum in the morning
since it is a treatment serum
then apply my moisturizer
my skin is combination
only thing i'm not liking is the price of this serum
i personally am obsessed with this serum!!
this serum did make my skin very soft
i love this serum!
this is the third time i have ordered this serum.
applied the serum to my burn
this serum is the first serum i've ever used.
i've probably tried nearly every serum
but clinique's smart serum has hit on something.
the clinique smart serum blew the genifique out of the water on every criteria
decided to try serum to help heal
i will keep searching for my perfect serum.
... i had an allergic reaction to it.
i developed an allergic reaction
it wasn't as moisturizing as i thought it would be
i think this is a very moisturizing serum.
this serum comes to the rescue
i love to use this serum at night, especially.
the way this serum makes my skin feel
you must use your retinoids in addition to
this serum feels cooling
i've also tried the laser repair serum which i liked as well
not sure which serum does more for my skin.
when i tried spot treating post acne marks with this serum
i love this moisturizer.
i tried this serum on a whim.
clinique products works for my combination oily skin type
the pimples i had when i first tried the serum are completely gone
this serum has been transformative
it's marketed for wrinkles
i will definitely purchase this serum
i once got a chemical burn using a makeup remover
i decided to try out the clinique serum because it is supposed to be formulated for sensitive skin
my new favorite serum!
i am a daily waterproof mascara user.
instead of spending a few minutes using tons of waterproof makeup remover scrubbing at my mascara
the mascara rinses off
massage my face with this oil
this cleanser has also helped clear my skin after a disastrous attempt using the tarte cleansing gel
when i use another cleanser
i love this cleanser.
i like this cleanser
this is my go to oil cleanser.
this product thoroughly removes all of my makeup even waterproof mascara
i usually wear waterproof mascara
moisturizer the kit includes leaves my skin the softest
i always remove my mascara with a different eyemakeup remover first
this hasnt happened with other cleansing oils i've tried
this one actually moisturizes
i do use something more moisturizing at night
i like this lotion.
with the wild rose serum
compared to many other eye creams/products
it's lightweight and perfect under concealer.
hydrating which i love
it is very moisturizing
i am getting the serum and night cream now.
this cream is light
after i apply this moisturizer i apply the tarte primer
searching for a new facial moisturizer
used with the serum
an expensive face lotion
it has hexapeptides and shea butter in it.
i first put some rose hip oil as a serum
during the daytime i use the black pine serum.
it does a great job moisturizing
the day cream is lightweight
i would only recommend using this if you have introduced vitamin c into your routine before
if you know your skin likes vitamin c
i do two layers of hydrating oils
the mixed reviews on this product seem to be from users who might have needed to start with a weaker vitamin c product or who weren't moisturizing correctly afterwards
it was completely replaced other vitamin c products for me
it sort of smells like vitamin c pills
it's inactivated vitamin c
then apply serum or lotion of choice
i love this facial.
exfoliating plus it has 20% vitamin c for brightness
uses no synthetic fragrances
an anti-aging serum
it works similar to an exfoliating product.
i can feel the vitamin c working after adding a tiny bit of water to dissolve the crystals
this one is so gentle: the consistency is like micronized brown sugar in a liquid
the vitamin c provides a good boost
without leaving behind that sunless tanner scent that most vitamin c products do
i like this facial rinse.
please note that the product comes in a toothpaste type sqeeze bottle
i would recommend putting on some facial oil afterwards because i noticed some drying which seems natural given the ingredients
well honestly this vitamin c treatment works
if not for you try their glyco- lactic mask
it's the regular exfoliation
i usually massage the facial onto my skin as i apply to exfoliate a little
i follow with josie's argan oil
it's currently my favorite exfoliating product
my skin is combination
the smell is due to the vitamin c in the mask.
it smells like all vitamin c serums do
i like that you rinse it off instead of having to keep a sticky serum on all day
i definitely recommend moisturizing
my skin is combination
it is the best facial treatment i have tried from sephora
it exfoliates without stripping my skin of oils
the vitamin c is water activated
vitamin c really boosts collagen
my moisturizer took care of that
my 45+ skin has gone haywire with my usual vitamin c products
this facial is amazing!
real vitamin c with muscle relaxation!??
i really enjoy using this facial polish.
we all know the great benefits of stable vitamin c
first vitamin c mask that i was able to use without burning
which cause migraines for me
last night i used the glycol lactic radiance renewal mask
did not find it moisturizing
this is my kind of facial
seriously the best mask/exfoliant ever
sensitivity from acids or retinols
even vitamin c can burn my skin so bad
compare to another moisturizer cream that i used to use
it is the holy grail of moisturizers as far as i'm concerned
i've recently started using it over the fresh black tea serum
plumper within 2 weeks of using this cream
this is an amazing cream not to heavy very moisturizing perfect under retinol that can be very drying
my skin is combination
best primer/toner i ever used
does a great job in moisturizing
i know this is considered a serum
i find most serums are
follow up with the ibuki moisturizer
the other on top of my serum
i love whitening my face
it was suggested i use a serum from a well known mineral cosmetic company
this serum worked very well
the serum has a very light clean scent which i like
i followed up philosophy's time in a bottle serum
i am a serum/moisturizer junkie
before i put on moisturizer
i layer several serums
in the morning as a moisturizer
before serum at night only
i put it on after cleansing and my moisturizer.
the difference with this innovative pre-serum product is that is suits all skin types
i view this product as a serum
then using my topical acne cream from the dermatologist
it's like a light moisturizing
i tried my anti aging serum
t works to help other your own serum or cream booster
its not a reg serum
it's the only serum that's ever worked
i love the way this serum feels.
i do feel this serum has softened the lines
this serum is amazing.
it's meant to be layered underneath your serum of choice to improve the efficacy of it
i wouldn't use it alone as a serum
i really like i used it primarily at night because is a serum
i really like it as a first serum at night
as single serum under makeup
in a serum it's beneficial.
before i put on the brightening serum
i love this pre serum
it has helped with the smell of the other serums
i believe enhances my other serums
have to use moisturizer after it, though!
like vitamins for your face
vitamin c goes on over top.
this concentrate made my serums
moisturizer work in overtime
it goes before your serum or can be your serum
i find this works like a toner
like clarifying lotion or toner
i think this serum is especially good for combo/oily skin
this is a nice skin drink serum to use prior to primer or sunscreen
gently pat this skin drink serum on to my face to freshen-up my face with or without makeup
am hesitant to use any serum type products
it helps with the absorption of the serums
moisturizer i use after
i feel like i need less of my other serum
i've used this serum for about a month or so
you don't have to use two pumps of the serum as instruction says
this serum instantly made my skin extremely smooth
it's an extra boost to my normal serum
this was my first face serum to try
this product is not a serum
it is not a moisturizer
it is to be used in conjunction with a serum
it works as a great booster for serums
sensitive acne prone skin with rosacea
overall, i like this moisturizer.
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
early redness that an aesthetician called pre-rosacea
excellent for me as i take turmeric to assist with anti-inflammatory stuff
i used the lotion in the fall
the smell of the cream is way better than the lotion
the facial cream does what is advertised at a reasonable price: hydrates
irritation caused by use of retinol-love this product
moisturizers my skin like no other product i've tried before
i usual use clinique super defense moisturizer
super acne prone skin in my mid 30s
i started using this moisturizer as well as the lotion/toner in the same line
the one thing i have to mention is the somewhat medicinal smell to this mask
the soothing treatment lotion are my favorites
its more of a cream/gel mask
i recommend anyone with redness to use this!
it has a slightly herbal smell
this is so rich & moisturizing.
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
it hydrates my skin
i love this cleanser
i follow it with my usual moisturizer
i recommend using this as a makeup remover followed by your regular face cleanser
i love how it turns from a lotion to an oil
find that this instantly moisturizes my skin
i love this cleanser!
i think that is the point since it is an anti-aging cleanser
love the melting effect of this cleanser.
it goes from a gel substance to light lather once water is added
especially for being so hydrating i don't need moisturizer after using it on my 53 year rosacea-prone skin
it's a cleansing balm in a tube!
don't be scared to a gel cleanser
i double cleanse using my purity cleanser
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser is a homerun!
this cleanser does remove makeup
i love this cleanser.
my mom has rosacea
absolutely melts even waterproof mascara
after buying the face cleanser
make up remover kit from sephora
i wear waterproof eyeliner most of the time
this cleanser takes it all off
i love this cleanser
use this as my morning cleanse
its a 2 in 1 miracle cleanser
this is my first experience dabbling in the "gel/balm/melting/oil/emulsifying" cleanser type thing
follow with serum/moisturizer as usual
it goes on like a gel
the way it melts into your skin feels like you're getting a facial at the spa
and this cleanser lasts a long time.
the "gimmick" of rinsing it off
combined with algenist's tinted moisturizer
why cleansers don't come in convenient pump dispenser
its part gel part lotion part oil
all of my mascara comes off
massage it over my face for 1
takes off waterproof mascara
i love this cleanser!!
it comes out gel
goes on like a balm
still use your regular moisturizer
it takes off all the impurities, and makeup.
daily oil/dirt while also hydrating my skin
two to three times a week before i rinse off the cleanser i grab my microdermabrasion scrub
this helps prevent over drying from the microdermabrasion scrub
i look forward to using this cleanser everyday.
it does not cause oiliness the way some of the oil cleansers do
ard ones do it is a very nice emollient cleanser for drier skin
moisturize my skin through these cold months
it is very moisturizing
i love this melting cleanser!
then i use the exfoliant which takes off the dead skins i my skin is super clean
works best in the sauna.
if i don't follow immediately with moisturizer
i love this cleanser
this is not a foaming cleanser
sometimes a diifferent remover for waterproof mascara
i love this cleanser.
i wear mineral makeup
this cleanser can melt it all off.
this is the cleanser that i reach for
i got plumping of wrinkles even when not using an algenist moisturizer
like most oil cleansers
i can use this as an eye makeup remover
i've tried other cleansing oils and hated them.
i only use eye makeup remover
dry like other facial cleaners i've used
this cleanser is a gel that goes on dry skin.
i didn't have to use any other creams including any medicated creams
i would have liked a better moisturizing cream
have always been religious about sunscreen
i love this serum.
it is super emollient
i know that its really moisturizing
moisturizing that i will definitely be putting on my wish list
very moisturizing for my dry lids/under eye area.
i've tried quite a few eye creams that promised to hydrate
super moisturizing eye cream
most moisturizers burn on contact.
irritated due to my acne medication
i tried glycolic acid
sure enough it was this serum.
this serum is pricey tho.
those are the words i am using to describe this serum that i love
this serum soothes my skin
i used this serum when my skin flared up on me
this combined with continues acidic exfoliation has cleared my skin
after nearly a year on prescription retinol
this serum is the only product i've found that really soothes
since i started using this serum
great moisturizing serum that is not too heavy.
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
in the winter you'll need moisturizer after this
this serum does seem to lessen the red patches on my face
this serum is fast absorbing
i like the texture of the serum
i've never found something to help it the way this serum does
it's not as moisturizing as the clinique custom repair serum i had used prior to this
i mix 3 pumps w/ a bit of the moisturizer
only cons for now is the herbal scent.
love this serum, it performs as it says it will.
this serum is wonderful
tried cleansing my scalp
as a super moisturizing cleanser for my entire head
i intuitively used the truth serum after
/or sunscreen off well
cleanse skin with the fresh soy face cleanser
this is my holy grail cleanser
it is the most moisturizing cleanser i've ever tried
they melt to liquid when you massage in the face
i love using this with the truth serum
the product lave amy face feeling moisturizers.
i love this cleanser.
i follow with an acne wash
made with vitamin c
truth serum collagen booster
highly recommend following it with a facial cleanser
lashes to get mascara off
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser lets you skip the makeup remover step
even the most waterproof mascara
in the past i'd use a foaming cleanser
massage all over my face
i am on my 3rd melting cleanser.
as with other oil cleansers
definitely follow up with a regular facial cleanser
i would call this more of a makeup remover or a first cleanser
dermatologist or beauty professional will tell you a double cleanse is a must for keeping your skin healthy
might have found my hg cleanser/moisturizer combo for my oily skin
a few uses of this cleanser
so good at removing mascara
i almost don't need moisturizer after cleansing
it gets all the makeup including the thick sunscreen i use under my makeup
then i'll use an exfoliating pad to rub this cleanser in
is the perfect surface for serums
this is like those oil cleansers.
made sure to rub my waterproof mascara with it.
purity wash as i do when i wear makeup
use this cleanser as a pre-wash to help remove my makeup before i go on to use my medicated cleanser
i love this cleanser.
perfect for removing water prof mascara
i wear a ton of mascara
massage it over your face
#2 was nude omega cleansing jelly.
this is basically a cleanser/makeup&gunk remover.
this cleanser works well for me!
long wear liquid lipstick
smooth like a moisturizing gel
i am a big fan of facial oils
as a cleanser/makeup remover
this product delivers the perfect amount of hydration to take care of any dehydration caused from acne products
all of my next moisturizing steps at night are unaffected
this cleanser truly dissolves any
i finish with the ole henriksen truth serum collagen booster
ready to go for serum
if you are new to cleansing balms
tried so many products from oils to balms to cleansing milk
love this cleansing oil
including every last trace of mascara
i've used other oil cleansers.
with this cleanser your h
i've tried a lot of cleansing oils
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleansing oil!
takes off waterproof makeup
i love an oil cleanser.
it also takes off mascara and any eye makeup.
i wear hard core waterproof mascara
since i use a lot of waterproof eye makeup
one of the girls in sephora recommended 'shiseido perfect cleansing oil'
this oil cleanser is the perfect cleansing oil!
it is a pre-wash cleanser- step one of shiseido's two-step cleansing process
i follow it with my foaming cleanser
follow with a bit of moisturizer
it is also a great base for concealer.
i also wanted to start using something with retinol
since this was my 1st time using retinol
it takes some time for the skin to build a resistance to retinol
dennis gross anti-aging face moisturizer on me
try to pair it with the serum
i give the product 4 stars instead of 5 because the consistency is that of a body lotion
this is very moisturizing
there is an ingredient called gaba in it that will mimic botox in a natural way
it's not super nourishing or moisturizing
i recently started adding 5 drops of josie maran argan oil to the lotion before application
since i have started to use this serum morning
this is the best serum i have used
like any topical product
when i tried this serum
this serum definitely helped my face
i don't like spending money trying expensive serums
a bottle of water for wrinkles
this serum does a good job
this is a good moisturizing serum
i think this is more of a preventative serum rather than an active wrinkle reducer serum
in her words she says she used to use botox
she uses it underneath her moisturizer
for my mom that is concealer which she uses as foundation
i love how it makes my skin look the next day after exfoliating
using the serum before going to sleep
is a good serum, my skin feels very hydrating
this serum is my favorite!
this is m nighttime serum.
this serum is a rich consistency
i cannot go a single day without using this serum
this is great if you want an anti aging serum
retinol irritates your skin
i love this serum.
the serum has a nice light scent to it.
don't want to take chances with sunscreen
never happy with moisturizers with spf
using it in the morning with the retinol serum at night
in combination with the murad cleansing wipes
except for the cleanser
the cleanser that comes in the kit lasts forever
i still have 1 and 1/2 bottles of cleanser left.
just the right amount of moisturizing to keep skin hydrated throughout the day
i love this moisturizer.
i hate sunscreen that stings my skin or eyes
came across this sunscreen
i think this is a great sunscreen for aging
i prefer to use a moisturizer without chemicals
i used this in conjunction with the perricone deep crease serum
i've used the cold plasma
the deep moisture therapy moisturizer
the face finishing moisturizer
the pre:empt oil free moisturizer
this one will be my go-to hydrating product
hyaluronic acid is great for aging
the lady at sephora suggested i used this in conjunction with the perricone md moisturizing
i like the gel like consistency of this product
adding this to my serum
after exfoliating i used this
i swear it keeps my moisturizer more active.
hyaluronic acid is good for any skin type
i like it because it is moisturizing without having a shiny face with a lot of gease
but, it's really effective at moisturizing.
no matter what moisturizers
oils i used to use
hydrating for my sensitive skin
the chloro plasma mask
use before face finishing moisturizer
another hyaluronic acid product from a sephora
every time my skin breaks out from stress or that time of the month i use my prescribed acne medication
i put this on twice a week at night after exfoliating
my facial cleanser tends to dry me out
with this plus a strong day time moisturizer
you can also just use aloe vera creams as well
plus i love how it is like serum
this is my go to night moisturizer!
itchy skin from a medication
the way i use this after all my serums
my favorite way to use this is after exfoliating!
oned all other night time moisturizers
this is super moisturizing
perfect for post-peeling or exfoliating.
very moisturizing and fast absorbing.
nothing hydrates my skin like this does.
i've tried so many moisturizers
i particularly like to use it post a peel or exfoliation to sooth
re-hydrate my skin
plus it locks in the hydration from my moisturizer
lotion which i love
feels the same as a night time moisturizer.
is a great moisturizing mask
helps to hydrate your skin
even if this mask weren't super moisturizing
usually after lightly exfoliating
it feels like a moisturizer
a good exfoliation is key though
this is the most amazing moisturizing mask i have ever bought
deal with small amounts of hormonal acne
i wear mineral makeup which
used it as a regular moisturizer
i tried this mask on top of my moisturizer
i am allergic to most perfumes
no allergic reaction at all.
this moisturizer is amazing!
i am on various topical acne treatments that dry out my skin anyways
the enlighten moisturizer cream for my post acne dark spots
this serum is a must have for you
you can see the results after a week of using this serum
make sure to use a sunscreen
i like this serum
this serum is light
i love this serum and the whole even tone system.
this is a really good serum
the matching moisturizer cream
the enlighten serum does ball up
mix the serum with the ultra repair cream
would suggest to anyone using or trying this to mix your moisturizer in with the serum
the serum also have a pearlesant glow to it which is gorg
i begun using this cream over the winter along with the serum
stopped using the serum
it is thicker than the serum
perfect for those seeking light wt moisture.
i get milia seeds from just about every non-gel eye cream
then we started testing face cleansers on the stain
i figure it will do a great job with washable makeup
use this cleanser to take all my makeup off
after switching to this cleanser
i love this cleanser!
it is hydrating for my combo skin
foaming cleansers tend to do that
since i pair it with the cucumber de-tox bouncy hydrating gel
i wear makeup daily
focus on hydrating my skin
i got this cleanser in a small size with the christmas time detox package
definitely a creamier texture than most foaming cleansers i've tried
it's very hydrating in comparison to other foaming cleansers
another cleanser in the morning
this cleanser is everything i needed.
i still use my ptr glycolic acid wash twice a week to exfoliate since this one doesn't have the same properties
i found this cleanser to be perfect for my normal skin
cleanses all types of makeup
was nervous about trying a foaming hydrating cleanser
not the case with this cleanser!
i prefer thicker serums.
it's also moisturizing enough that i can wear it alone at night
i like that i don't have to put a moisturizer over the serum like most serums instruct
moisturizer from a direct marketing br
well i used this cleanser
i do enjoy this cleanser
i don't know about the exfoliating properties yet
a sephora consultant suggested this to me while i was shopping for a gentle daily face cleanser
from spot treating minor breakouts with my benzoyl peroxide gel
i love that this is a foaming cleanser.
i will continue to use this cleanser.
i love this foam cleanser!
this is my go-to cleanser.
moisturizer which is also amazing
by far my favorite cleaner for exfoliating
however i still have to use makeup remover specific to the eyes to remove my waterproof mascara
i don't find this to be much of an exfoliant
i love it as a cleanser
love this foam facial cleanser.
love the foam cleansers
i love sephora's radiance cleansing foam
i've tried so many cleansing foams
seeing this foaming cleanser
this foam cleanser does a great job dissolving makeup
do not feel that it is as moisturizing as i would like it to be
it's a great foam cleanser
provides the perfect amount of exfoliation for every day use
after trying different cleansers
the radiance cleansing foam fills the bill --
i've tried tons of face cleansers
it is a great way to exfoliate your skin daily
i love this cleanser
the un-wrinkle serum was one of them.
i asked for a sample of this and the toner.
is it exactly like botox injections?-no
a definite improvement without the pain or expense of botox
its like topical botox
even around my eyes as an eye serum
before rinsing i like to massage the mask into my skin with water
i apply after serum
before moisturizer with spf
i would hate to be 'experessionless'- so this will have to be my botox
this serum really helped to soothed my skin
i love all of the skin inc serums.
i created a super serum with skin inc products.
although skin inc includes about 3 serums per bottle
the licorice serum is what really reduced my acne quickly
my serum included licorice
hyaluronic acid all in one
i also gave my serum to a friend suffering from bad acne
these serums are powerful
this serum has given relief to my irritated skin.
this serum was recommended during the online my skin identity quiz
this serum really is what my skin needed
it is one of the constant serums in my daily dose customized serum that i can't live without
i love this cleanser.
these products from skin inc
like that this is fragrance free
i love gel hydrating masks.
not oily like all the moisturizers i used
i apply it after i do my deep exfoliating with exfolikate
acne-prone skin rarely needs "hydrating
foremost i have adult cystic acne
i usually avoid moisturizer at all cost
i initially tried this because i find night creams/lotions too heavy for my skin
scaly from the retinol
applied my normal moisturizer
i could feel it actually moisturizing my skin.
apply facial lotion to counteract that
i could apply my makeup this morning without any lotion
buying this product will mean less money in facial cleansers as well
not as a daily moisturizer
my face seemed more moisturizer
in the morning i wash it off with a cleanser
which i experience with other moisturizers that are not hydrating enough
applying my usual lotion
it is moisturizing and brightening.
i usually will use a gel moisturizer over top of this mask after it dries down
em with other serums
the skin inc brightening mask
you can leave it on overnight or slather it on for an hour pamper session
i also love using it after their peel to rehydrate
fantastic mask that can be used overnight or after using peel an serum
hydrates in one step
this is more of a great addition to hydrating serum from skin inc
i buy my own hyaluronic acid
i love not rinsing
the key ingredient hyaluronic acid as it holds 1000x its weight in moisture
the mask is seriously hydrating
i recently tried out a sample of pure deepsea hydrating mask
the combination of the skin inc peel
vitamin c serum from skin inc has really saved my skin
this product regulated my crazy skin oil secretion
all other serums for my pores
about a 8 months ago i started the vitamin c serum
i decided to try the serums from skin inc
i also use the liquorice serum in the evenings
this serum really helped even after first use.
i apply my etude skin cream
i am using this serum together with hyaluronic acid
i don't typically use vitamin a
i plan on purchasing this to add under my eye serum
this serum brightens the skin
i love all of the skin inc serums.
i combine the vitamin a serum regenerate with the collagen serum
i then add my moisturizer.
this serum has made my eyes look refreshed
i added this to my personal serum
ive been using the chlorella serum for about 6 months
this serum seriously helped even out my skin tone
after using this serum the clarity of my skin was unlike ever before
its a fabulous skin care serum.
the balls are not exfoliating which i noticed is an option below
i am mixing it with licorice serum
pm before my hyaluronic cream
i changed to a tinted moisturizer
this serum is 1 of the 3 serums in my customized my daily dose serum from skin inc
ive been using the hyaluronic acid serum for about 6 months now
i started using this serum
i ordered the hylaronic acid
licorice serums as my personal combo
i liked mixing the serums together!
i love this serum i have combination skin sensitive
since i use this serum+licorice+ceramide serum= i got a glowing skin
i really recommend these serum.
i love the hyaluronic acid serum mixed other serums to create my very own personalized serum that's perfect for my skin
then i got coupons for other serums
i created a power pack serum that included the hyaluronic acid serum
several of the other serums from skin inc
this is a great one to add to your personalized serum
adding this to my personal serum was a game changer
these serums are potent
i do wish the bottles came with more serum
is perfect for slathering on after cleansing
this serum is pretty reasonable for a serum
this serum works wonders!
i applied this serum all over my face
hydration without having to apply a heavy moisturizer
it can't oxidize in the container because the bead protects from oxidation
i combine the collagen serum reborn with the vitamin a serum
i then add my moisturizer.
have purchased it as part of their my daily dose
i love all of the skin inc serums.
i would most certainly recommend this product along with the licorice serum
the ceramide serum helped a lot with my dry-skin
unlike other serums i've tried
the serum is easy to use
it feels incredibly moisturizing
as for contouring the face / jawline
this serum is really working.
if you stop using the serum mean a while
massage the serum into the skin
i never expected that this serum really works.
i am using this product with sk ii facial essence
i only been using this serum for 2 weeks now
i really fackin' love this serum
this serum made my face look thinner
i really love this serum
i love that you can layer it with other serums or mix it in to your daily moister cream
normally i use moisture sprays
this will now be my day serum for winter
i'll save my kate somerville serum for the summer
i am in love with the way my skin feels after i use this serum
i've used this under my skin before moisturizing before bed
sunscreen are still necessary
after cleansing my skin i apply this
when used under moisturizer
i do use a moisturizer on top of it
this is a great product to moisturize
this gel serum amazes me how quickly it soaks into the skin
as soon as i apply this serum
the feel of the serum is far different from any creams that i have tried in the past
put my moisturizer over it so all i smell if my face lotion
eye serum before eye cream
potions that claim to be "wrinkle fillers"
it has a serum-like texture
i decided to mix it in with my first aid beauty moisturizer that i love
this is one of my pricier beauty indulgences
is it a facelift in a bottle?
now includes this gem of a serum
i tried applying this before moisturizer as suggested on label
as one would with a serum
then add my vitamin c spf moisturizer i have gotten several compliments with the just the first week of using it
i love the way my makeup looks using this serum as a base
changed my daily moisturizer
this light weight miracle gel in a bottle tightens your skin
i where it over eye concealer
i follow it with my moisturizer.
the hyaluronic acid instantly plumps up the skin
this anti aging serum works amazing under makeup
i saw this moisturizer
that's an occlusive agent
moisturizing but not greasy, and smells good too!
it's pretty medicinal and herbal.
the serum goes on first, and then the oil balm.
tried several expensive creams
the serum i use before makeup with a moisturizer.
if you layer it with the serum/essence/lotion/toner
great for me because i'm allergic to glycerin
it is a great nighttime moisturizer.
this balm is moisturizing
my skin is combination
several other topical antipsoriatic medications
honestly tried most of the products that has ceramide
or hyaluronic acid in it
i realizes that it is more effective when i use my hydrate serum with it
eczema in my case
forms a protectant layer that hydrates
the herbal smell does not bother me
night with a salicylic acid foaming face wash
then use a salicylic acid toner
i apply the clarisonic serum
in combination with salicylic acid
has been scientifically shown to be as effective as hydroquinone
i checked the ingredients
there is no salicylic acid in the serum
the ingredients are great for acne prone skin.
i've tried almost all dark spot serums
this will assist in hyperpigmentation
sulfur soap are the only things i added to my skin care routine last month
the serum isn't thick
it's more like a lotion
cleansers and i have fallen in love.
you need this serum if you have acne scars or dark spots
i applied this serum every morning after cleansing
i would supplement that with the murad hydrating essence
this coupled with a good sunscreen will aid in brightening
then a retinol at night
this serum is amazing
it also very moisturizing.
i love this cleansing water.
i only get maybe one or two hormonal pimples
found the drug store micellar waters
i prefer to use this as my am cleanser
i got this in a kit in a 1 oz.
this is a great product to use as a toner.
use it as a toner
it removes a full face of liquid foundation/powders/setting spray etc
i also like to use this at night after removing my makeup with my tatcha camilla oil cleanser
i normally use witch hazel as my toner
i like that it's a toner
the water drop moisturizer
with a cotton pad before i apply toner
at first i thought what do i need a toner for?
a cleanser on top of being a toner
before i put on my serum
this toner not only removes all traces of makeup
i've tested it against other cleansers
it isn't as drying as the alcohol based toners out there
it helps remove impurities even after washing your face with your best skin regimen
not dry like from alcohol based toners
i still rinsed with water because i like my toner better
this toner water is perfect for cleansing
this is my go to toner/makeup remover combo.
it does remove all the make up including waterproof mascara
this is an amazing toner.
hormonal breakouts on my chin
i also use it as a toner after washing my face.
i've tried many different water type facial makeup removers
because this contains no oil fragrance
when i would cleanse my skin
before i put on any toner
i love this cleansing water.
wasn't a super astringent toner product
today my kid decided to color his face with a non washable marker
toner i have tried since i was 13
even things my cream cleansers
after i remove my makeup using my regular cleanser
because it is quit hydrating.
also suffer from eczema
i recommend using an exfoliating cotton pad if you want to make this the primary way to remove makeup
i am allergic to everything
in the morning i used to use just a foaming cleanser
i do not wear waterproof mascara
i do wear waterproof eyeliner
rinsing gets the remainder of mascara since i wear a lot
i then use my serum, and it looks even more fab.
because it needs rinsing
i've tried several water cleansers before
its a perfect prep before moisturizing.
one wipe, and no more toner and moisturizer.
i layer this with the clarins v shape serum
i've tried so many creams
serums to get my dull
this mask/moisturizer is h
find this mask so moisturizing
find this cream has excellent firming properties as well as moisturizing
then i soy face cleanse to wash this off in the am
i got the mask and serum as a tester.
i put on all serums
no acne or blackheads
use this every night-great moisturizing mask
i'll give the serum a few weeks to do its job
i just purchased this product along with the new black tea serum yesterday
this one just adds that extra moisturizing treatment
seeing my skin so hydrated without an allergic/acne outbreak i was sold
if you don't like scented moisturizers
the results of the black tea overnight mark are best when using after exfoliating with the sugar scrub
if possible using a gel cleanser by dermalogica or bare minerals oil cleansing elixir to wipe it off will protect the skins moisture barrier
or with josie maran argan cleansing powder
with either i rinse thoroughly before applying the serum
paired with the tarte maracuja creaseless concealer
had spent a good portion of my 20's in the sun sans sunscreen
it's still cheaper than botox
i started using this product before bedtime
i usually get botox once a year for the last 3 years
crepe-like texture under my eyes before applying concealer
this cream works wonders!
it cannot be compared to the effect of botox
i do botox treatment to relax out my forehead line
it has extended the time between my botox treatments
a good skin care routine helps as wellphilosophy kit with the purity face wash
(in addition to my face and eye serums) love!
the retinoid level in them usually just makes the area around my eyes dry
i only used a rice powder exfoliant
needles no more isn't going to replace botox
works great - if you are using botox.
in combo with regular botox
would recommend highly for botox users.
i don't think it's as or more effective than traditional botox
were developing a sort of topical cream botox
i don't have wrinkles
his microdermabrasion 1 time/week
i love it as a preventative
pairing this along with the microdermabrasion age defy exfoliator you will see optimal results
i did my normal night time routine: dermalogica toner
either i pay $$$$ for more botox
i don't like telling people that i have tried botox
in my opinion this works better than botox for me
this is not surgery or botox
botox doesn't work on me
i might just consider botox at that point
my hairdresser thought i'd had some botox injected
tried botox once & won't do it again.
while no comparison to botox
make your botox last longer
i always used sunblock
i notice a pronounced difference if i exfoliate regularly
i typically get botox roughly every 6 months.
by months 4-5 i begin to notice the effects of botox wearing off
i am almost due for my semi-annual botox
you use fillers there
not to mention botox for that area runs around $400 each time
this isn't literally like botox
no topical is going to do that
i am a committed moisturizer
most are fillers, this one is sold as a relaxer.
i like this cleanser a lot
i love this cleanser!!!
in love with this cleanser!
i barely get hormonal acne now.
i love this cleanser
a sephora employee recommended this cleanser to me after i told her my struggle with cystic acne
my skin loves this cleanser.
vegetables into my diet
i changed my diet
i changed my moisturizer
this face wash helps my combo skin
i prefer to use in combination with a microfibre exfoliating cloth
i still use my face serum after every wash
i struggle with adult acne especially hormonal break outs around my chin area
get a good moisturizer to pair with it
i get hormonal breakouts especially once a month
this cleanser helped a lot!
it balances the oils.
takes off all spf, waterproof makeup and mascara.
this is the only cleanser i will use
anti-acne product you can think of
in addition to the cleanser
i love this cleanser.
it seems to be working better than other facial cleansers i have used
this daily cleanser is amazing!
i find that most facial cleansers dry out
super oily skin with bad hormonal breakouts
i truly believe is this mud to foam soap
i love this cleanser!
this cleanser has helped with all of that!
all acne treatments would make me break out more
you really should be moisturizing after anyway
massage it to make a light grey foamy kind of cleanser
i've always struggled with hormonal breakouts
not only that although this is a clay based cleanser it is highly moisturizing
i struggle with acne
my acne is hormonal
in the morning i use this cleanser to keep my oil
it's great for a daily cleanser
i even tried other glamglow cleansers
don't put on moisturizer after this
i needed a cleanser as well
massage it in to my face
just make sure you're also using a hydrating cream or moisturizer with it
i've always stuck to my holy grail affordable drugstore cleanser
essentially you're exfoliating with every wash
no makeup stain on my face after i used this cleanser
i love this cleanser.
it is so moisturizing on my dry skin
this has become one of my staples for moisturizing
i apply my regular face moisturizer
eczema gone in 2 days
i like to wear it when i am giving my skin a break from anti-aging treatments
one drop of this in my moisturizer before application
it helps to hydrate the skin and to treat it.
it helps a lot with acne.
it's also really moisturizing
you can use a serum underneath it.
i love all 3 of the clarins facial oils
it can be used alone or under your other night-time moisturizing products
pressed into the skin under a moisturizer
the aromatherapy aspect of this oil just before bedtime is incredible
geraniol from non natural sources
juice beauty cleansing oils
great makeup remover or as first cleanse.
this is by far my favourite oil cleanser.
took off my waterproof mascara.
this nourishing oil cleanser is the perfect makeup remover at the end of the day
follow up with the regenerating cleanser to exfoliate
i like this oil cleanser overall
follow this oil with either the purifying cleanser or the refreshing cleanser from this line
i've tried cleansing oils from several other br
it will take off waterproof mascara
i love this cleanser.
love this cleanser it even take off the stila waterproof liner
or my skin will be extremely dehydrated because of the emulsifier
hydrating after using it
always used milk cleansers
milk cleansers that would not remove makeup
it's moisturizing but leaves no oily residue.
doesn't strip the natural oils from your skin
this exfoliating cleanser is amazing.
this is the cleanser i would use over
i do love layering it on too the resurfacing cleanser during bath time
this is a staple in my cleanser regiment now.
run from purifying cleansers this one is amazing
i love how this cleanser leaves your skin.
because this is a purifying cleanser
i massage for about 30 seconds then add a bit of water to emulsify
use this as second cleanser or morning cleanser
which is not always the case for cleansers meant to address oiliness
exfoliates your skin without drying it out
i love this cleanser
especially before when i was using a foaming cleanser
i switched to this cleanser because its chemical free
it's amazing as a second cleanser cleansing step
just repurchased my second purifying cleanser
this cleanser is no exception.
which works great with a facial massage
it seems like a gel / cream consistency at first
(i have combination skin).
first you cleanse to remove your makeup with the nourishing oil cleanser
then you use this purifying cleanser
as the morning is better for exfoliating cleansers
tata told me personally to always apply cleansers on dry skin in circular motions to start the detox/cleansing process
this is a treatment cleanser.
massage it into the skin
this is where the foaming sugars activate
it's a juice detox for the skin that will pull out impurities
i love this cleanser.
even the gentlest cleansers such as purity
it's helped control minor hormonal acne
dior hydro sorbet cream with the tata resurfacing mask twice a week
i love this cleanser.
massage then add water to emulsify
this is a second cleanse/morning cleanse for me.
after trying several natural cleansers
lotion-like cleansers that cost 50-60% less
first time using this moisturizer
applied this after cleansing with purity
this moisturizer came free with the cleanser
just ordered the day and night serums.
i love this daily moisturizer.
i do like this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
my dry patches still require a more hydrating moisturizer
i layer it over a serum in the evening
as many moisturizers cause breakouts for me
ncredibly moisturizing to my combination skin
so i started trying out face moisturizers.
it's super light and so moisturizing.
this is my go to morning moisturizer.
try kiehl's ultra facial moisturizer because i've heard so many great things
because i use medicine to help with my acne
it moisturizers my skin perfectly
it's a perfect moisturizer for my oily skin.
when used to josie maran argan oil
which wasn't as moisturizing
it is very lightweight, yet so moisturizing.
after taking off hydrating mask at night
i love this renewed moisturize
i tried out different moisturizers
i am in love with this moisturizer!
this is my moisturizer.
it could be more moisturizing
i might add in a weekly moisturizing serum or something
my holy grail moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer for every day use.
this is the perfect everyday moisturizer
the use of this cream
philosophy facial cleanser has completely changed my skin
you do need to put on the sunscreen with it
i am also using acne medication that dries out my skin
i also use it as a night time moisturizer.
this moisturizer is lightweight
love love this moisturizer.
i've only been using the moisturizer for about a week after using philosophy's purity cleanser
my gel moisturizer was no longer working
i enjoy using this moisturizer
i like the combination of ingredients
long lasting moisture and light exfoliation.
use it with a good serum
is super moisturizing without any greasy feel leftover on your face or h
this moisturizing can be used for morning
the wonderful skincare worker in my sephora told me it works as an exfoliant without all the little bits scrubbing away my face
this was really moisturizing
my expectations for a moisturizer
ended my quest for the holy grail of moisturizers
hiaj oil free with spf is the only other day time moisturizer i'll use
this is my go-to night time moisturizer.
i prefer to wear a different moisturizer during the day
works great as my morning moisturizer prior to applying primer
after trying the purity cleanser
after my regimen of the purity cleanser moisturizer
this moisturizer is perfect for oily skin.
the residue feeling many moisturizers leave on after application
the aqua bomb is more like a gel
i've tried other eye creams
moisturizers that won't irritate them
it is also very moisturizing
use concealer for dark circles
it claims it helps with puffiness to
the caffeine is a plus
use every morning after dr d gross retinol ferulic serum
i just need an eye cream to moisturize my eye area
a lot of eye creams i have tried
more substantial than a serum or gel
the camellia cleansing oil
the indigo rice enzyme cleanser
my nighttime routine is the same up until the eye serum
it actually helped moisturize my skin from a 13 hour flight
i double cleanse with this followed by the shiseido gentle cleanser
100% pure usda organic rose water as a toner
to remove makeup i use mac cleansing oil before washing with the camellia cleansing oil
left my skin feeling moisturizer
i do slather on sunscreen
a couple dots of concealer where i need it
i follow up with a low ph gel cleanser or the classic rice enzyme powder a couple times a week for baby soft skin
then at night to get rid of everything from sunscreen
usually after washing my face i have to do moisturizer
this is one amazing oil cleanser.
as an emergency cleanser
wouldn't use this as a daily cleanser
i would massage it around
yesterday it took off a cream-gel eyeshadow
liquid lipstick with gentle massaging
it is pricey especially when you add the rice enzyme powder
/or micellar water make up remover wipes to remove my makeup
i usually apply a light moisturizer to my combo skin
after reading more about oil cleansers
i follow it up with a foaming cleanser
i follow up with the rice enzymes
impurities while hydrating the skin
it also moisturizes my face.
i got the kyoto cleanse
in combination with the enzyme rice powder
this cleansing oil immediately turned my skepticism into a facial regimen enthusiast
combo/oily skin with seasonal dryness
this cleanser complements my skin like no other.
cheap apricot scrub to investing my money in tatcha oil
after using this tatcha camellia cleansing oil
once water is added it becomes emollient
i got this in the $27 set with the rice enzyme powder too
am prone to hormonal breakouts
need to only rinse with water after
i've never tried cleansing oils or balms before
i always used wipes or micellar water
i first bought this in a travel sized kit that also contained the polishing rice enzyme powder
followed with the enzyme powder every night
followed up by an antioxidant-rich cleanser
massage all over face
acne on my face
obviously i use it with the rice enzyme powder as a cleansing duo
it removes all of my makeup except for the mascara
i usually follow up with a toner
then use vitamin c serum
moisturizing without being heavy
it's a makeup remover and cleanser in one!
it's kind of pricy for a facial cleanser
i do need to follow up with a moisturizer
i cannot use any other oil cleanser or products
i follow this oil up with the tatcha rice cleanser
when i put on toner with a cotton pad
moisturizer my skin afterwards as well!
this oil cleanser does a great job of cleaning my face
especially the water-proof mascara
i still maintain using an evening serum
i am addicted to face oils
a lot of cleansers bother her
tacha is amazing cleansing oil!
ful of other cleansing oils
for mascara i use the lančome hypnôse drama waterproof mascara
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
this is an amazing facial oil!
i mix two drops of this with my serum
marula oil is pretty high in oleic acid
extremely soothing and moisturizing to the skin.
applying the daytime serum
if i am using a sunscreen with tint or a foundation
applying the nighttime serum
im a facial oil addict
i find the facial cleansing bars to be very drying
the soap is all i use
if i don't moisturize at night
i will start by saying i've tried other facial oils in the past
besides it being an incredible moisturizing oil
i've seen videos of people using other oils to make an eyelash "serum" i guess you could say
i even tried an actual lash growth serum years ago
i tested several facial oils in the store
my skin hardly accepts any moisturizing product.
the c firma serum
acne scarring that needs some healing
then an antioxidant oil to seal the deal
i've tried other marula oils
moisturizing, absorbs well, great for layering.
i usually put a moisturizing cream over my oils
i mix 3 drops with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel after cleansing
i can't believe how moisturizing
clinique all over acne solution
serum by paula's choice for months
hormonal acne prone skin
after my de glycolic serum
the two facial cleanser bars
the b hydra gel
do not use with other moisturizers
at night i'm using retinol
i started layering it over a thin coat of my premier cru elixir
i exfoliate every morning
the day time vitamin-c serum
i apply it at night at the end of my makeup routine as my moisturizer
heavy moisturizers tend to do nothing
it's so light but super moisturizing!!
marula is kind of like a miracle oil
(probably hormonal acne; it tends to be cystic).
i add a couple of drops to my moisturizer in the evening
this replaces my moisturizer
i never understood the appeal of facial oils.
a few drops between my serum
then two drops after exfoliating in the pm
the virgin macula oil is h
use josie maran's 100% argan oil light
i can use the serum with the oil
sunscreen with my foundation
in the morning i just need some little moisturizing after cleaning
if it is super cold outside i mix the oil with the de sunscreen
i tried mixing it with the b hydra gel it was perfect
i love this facial oil.
only use 2 or 3 drops in the morning after the c-firma serum
purchased the virgin marula luxury facial oil
i like the packaging because i prefer droppers when it comes to oils
i only apply the virgin marula oil at night.
i love this facial oil.
i've tried every moisturizer you can think of
i put it on after the c firm or famboos serum
with a pump of the night serum
apply it to my neck for add hydration
i need look no further for the most effective anti aging antioxidant multi purpose oil
it is more pricey than my josie argan oil
i just started using the de tlc night serum
since i use the drunk elephant moisturizing gel
night in the moisturizer
since i use the combo of drunk elephant skincare i found my skin is not that wired oily
i don't mind it as i mix it with a vit-c serum
my skin is combination
i even use a few drops on my beauty blender to help blend out cream contour
they advised against using facial oils
i did use this in conjunction with the glycolic product
in combination with their night serum
sunscreen for daily use
i really want to try this with the tlc night serum
at night i used the de glycolic serum
i tried to cover it with concealer
my skin breaks out from most oils including argan oil
it does like virgin coconut oil though.
ps: this marula oil is very unlikely to cause breakouts as it has antibacterial properties
my favorite way to use this is to mix 2-3 drops with a hydrating serum
apply that mixture before moisturizer
during the day after de c-firma serum under my tarte foundation
c framboos glycolic night serum at the same time
i put the glycolic serum on first
this moisturizing oil heals my skin.
this heals my acne
i no longer have to use any creams or lotions on my face
this is glycolic with salicylic.
the best serum for blackheads
this serum helps with redness too
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
love love love this serum!
used this as my serum
then the facial oil as my nighttime moisturizer
once you give up those 6 suspicious ingredients your skin will love glycolic
i love using this serum every other night instead of using a retinol serum every night
this is a great product for pregnant women to use when they can't use retinol
i love this serum!
my skin has mild rosacea
first of all i was so disappoint that this serum is mixed with cheap chemical ingredients
this serum is great for those who are trying to even out the texture in your skin
i notice a difference on days when i don't use the serum
haven't really experienced any burning or itching sensations with the serum
the serum is supposed to tingle
i love that this serum has no fragrance
the serum has a gel like consistency which absorbs super quickly into the skin
nstead of my snail extract serum i used this instead
every prescription under the sun
i got the tlc framboos serum for fine smile lines
has been such a skin saver for my adult acne
moisturize my face every night
this exfoliating serum is easy to use
this is the best serum i've used on my 51 year old skin
i used it after i used a fresh rose toner
the serum brought them up
- lots of hyperpigmentation due to acne
after i apply this serum to my face i feel an immediate difference in my skin's texture
a pump of the hydration serum
after using this glycolic peel for a couple of weeks
i realized that neither benzoyl peroxide
this product can be mixed with de serum if you're sensitive like me
i do recommend a facial oil to apply right after
a good night time moisturizer
i think acne prone
buy this serum since i have issues with the texture of my skin
the hydrating serum in the morning
twice a week i use the facial product.
nothing was helping my hormonal acne
it's even kept my hormonal acne at bay
i like to mix it with the marula oil
i keep this serum close to me because it works wonders
chemical exfoliants are the 100% right way to go.
scrubbing with manual exfoliants can cause inflammation deep in the skin that interrupts our body's natural detoxification/exfoliation process
not recommended it you're already using prescription topical acne products from a derm
caudalie's vinoperfect radiance serum had no effect on my skin
make sure to moisturise after using this to avoid drying
even switching to a sheerer formulation
their b-hydra gel
this serum has changed my skin in two weeks!
has retinol in it
had to avoid using the polish while im using this serum
de glycolic night serum blows it out of the water
started to struggle with "adult acne" i tried so many cleansers
glycolic acid makes you purge for the first 2-4 weeks
this and their baby serum are amazing.
follow up with my belief moisture bomb moisturizer
i've tried many serums and acne treatments.
it is not an acne treatment product
the product does contain a high percentage of glycolic acid
i can't live without this serum
as i was new to chem exfoliants
crane 15% glycolic peel i used morning
still a night glycolic peel
this night serum has kept my skin looking dewy
i found this impressive glycolic acid salicylic acid-based aha/bha serum to be exceedingly effective at reducing the appearance of blemishes
the serum is absorbed almost immediately
baby facial are all beyond amazing
i do use it with the marula oil.
decided to give this tlc serum a try
definitely will be repurchasing in conjunction with the c serum for day use
it definitely helps acne and acne scaring.
use a cleanser in a tube for the shower
this product also contains moisturizers
i love this cleanser
i only use natural soap bars for face cleansing
it is so cleansing
in conjunction with drunk elephant's b-hydra intensive hydration gel
while i found the exfoliating nature of juju somewhat rough on my skin
it's still much better than most exfoliating cleansers i've tried
this soap is a lifesaver!
i'd been using the herbivore oils
gets it ready for applying my de serums
i wanted something to use after my oil cleanser/make-up remover
any moisturizer will do the trick
night serum and d.e.
gel moisturizer which i also love.
this fought my hormonal acne without drying my skin at all
i am also in my 40's so i use retinal products.
the glycolic night serum
the gel hydrating serum from de as well
this is my favorite facial cleanser.
i usually get hormonal breakouts
have a fresh base for moisturizers
is actualy less drying than most liquid cleansers i've tried
i do still use a makeup remover for eye makeup
if i don't cleanse immediately after my bikram yoga or spin sessions
the specialist in the derm area recommended this for my skin
i'll stick with fresh soy cleanser
may not be emollient enough for dry skin.
i prefer bar cleansers to liquid or creams.
i really love using this with my konjac sponges
moisturizes without irritating my skin
i will have to follow up with an additional eye makeup remover to remove all mascara
i like all of them with this cleanser
pair it with a good toner
use as directed by following immediately with the glycolic serum
sunscreen at the end of the day
i love this bar of facial cleansing soap its great
not my holy grail cleanser
100% of the cleansers at the drugstore
my skin is combination
try this bar cleanser
i used this product as a daily facial cleanser for about a month
that bar soaps are only for your body
de cleansers are my go to cleansers
not with breakouts or zits or inflammation
the additives in liquids irritate
“best selling” cleansers over the years
my skin is combination
it turns cleansing into a therapeutic ritual.
i do not miss my liquid cleansers!
the soap is actually correcting the ph of your skin
the perfect cold weather facial cleanser
then use a cream cleanser as second cleanse
liquid face cleansers for years
the fact that this company even formulated it at a good ph for cleansing
from proactiv to prescription medications such as ziana
it helped me exfoliate
this hits all the marks for a facial cleanser--very effective at cleansing
it's better at removing waterproof mascara than most cleansers
i ordered this product because i have been using the drunk elephant sunscreen
i think my skin got immune it
the drunk elephant website says all of their products are formulated without formaldehyde
it cleanses the days spf
all de products have maximum potency natural ingredients that are formulated to be non irritating
love the natural ingredients
then i follow it up with glycolic serum
i also love the mild exfoliation.
a wonderful alternative to liquid cleansers.
i love that it is also slightly exfoliating without being painful or abrasive to my skin like most other cleansers
an exfoliating bar which is gentle yet does the job for my skin
s for the lather
i do follow up with a moisturizer
or any other gentle cleanser
i love the way it exfoliates!
gives me the exfoliation i need
this bar gives gentle exfoliation without irritation
whenever i think of cleansing bars or soaps
when i put moisturizer on now
it has tiny exfoliating beads that are gentle on your skin
i follow up with a serum
i love this cleanser!
i start with a makeup remover
it's exfoliating on its own
my search for face cleanser is over!
i recently developed this flaky skin issue where my skin would get super super flaky dry in specific areas even though i would use a mild exfoliant like the rice enzyme powder from tatcha in combination with a very moisturizing facial lotion
moisturizer at the same time
after using it a few weeks i noticed the exfoliating properties
which i now realize was from using products with sensitizing agents including fragrances
it has exfoliants in the bar
juju also mildly exfoliates
i love that it's unscented
i love this bar cleanser!
apply a retinol at night
i recommend this to anyone with acne prone skin.
just the right amount of exfoliants
except for the soaps
it has small particles to exfoliate
my acne is healing
i still use a cleansing balm
the exfoliating bits are few
use as directed by following immediately with the c-firma day serum
it has become my holy grail cleanser
did my research before trying this cleanser for my rosacea prone skin
pill from the dermatologist
even with the exfoliating bits
which makes this bar perfect to cleanse the skin from any impurities
exfoliates with zero irritation
this bar will exfoliate the skin
i also will use this with the de gylcolic serum on days i need a lot of exfoliation
hormonal acne-prone skin
this is my first time using a bar soap to cleanse
cleans well to prep for my night creams
the exfoliation feels great while moisturizing my skin
unlike other average exfoliator cleanser
follow with toner moisturizer etc
apply the lather in your h
this cleanser is a godsend.
it's an exfoliating soap
i like a slight exfoliation in the am
the exfoliation is the perfect size
if you want it to be more exfoliating
“best selling” cleansers over the years
my skin is combination
i follow up with the c-firma day serum
i love this cleanser.
i love the light exfoliating aspect of it
s before i cleanse my skin with it
i recently added their glycolic night serum to my regimen
the glycolic serum came in a kit with sample sizes of their marula oil
vitamin c serum too
was left with my other cleansers
yet another "miracle" super plant cleanser
a tea tree crème as my moisturizer
a clay cleanser, with an exfoliator built in.
i never use a soap cleanser
i needed a new facial cleanser
this is my new face cleanser.
plus the packaging for the juju
the pekee bar as your evening cleanser
the fine granules offer a bit of exfoliation which i like
my face is use to benzoyl peroxide
perfect exfoliation for daily use
i do like this cleanser
i do believe it's exfoliating my face
i love it i usually have a gel to use as a cleanser
i've tried everything from expensive dermatologist prescriptions
the juju bar has the perfect amount of exfoliation
followed by the c-firma serum
even pills prescribed by a dermo
i moisturize after use
this soap has done wonders to my skin
i much prefer caudalie's overnight detox oil
i've tried lots of serums from sephora
my hubs reorders premier cru elixir
i tried to put lotion to moisturize
people ask if i got botox, no!
have tried several serums
until this elixir came into my world
this serum is amazing.
this serum feels very luxurious
this is my first elixir
the elixir has already improved the texture
water in a spray bottle
the premier cru facial
eye cream pump bottles
it does a great job moisturizing
i am currently using the premeir cru eye cream
received a sample of the elixir to use after toner
before the premier cru moisturizing cream
this combines that with a serum.
granted i've used it in conjunction with caudalie's radiance serum also
smoother than when i only use moisturizer
if you can't tell i'm in love with this oil/ serum
follow with a light moisturizer
after washing, apply this elixir...pure luxury.
this elixir is part oil
i apply this after my toner
keep in mind that this is a half serum/half oil
even with another serum for double duty
last thing at night under my normal moisturizers
i selected the premier cru the elixir as a deluxe sample
if this was unscented it would be very good!
with the cru cream on top
this elixir is such a great product
the overnight detox oil my skin is literally like new
brightening serums for a while now
i love this cleanser!
this is a very good facial cleanser.
plus the greek yogurt moisturizer
have gotten allergic reactions from a lot of products
finish it off with the greek yogurt moisturizer
this is the best facial cleanser.
unlike other cleansers i have tried
foaming and moisturizing, this was so worth it!
i usually use my proactiv cleanser
even the waterproof mascara
cleanses after one rinse
without the help of any makeover remover
have to compensate with serums
massage my face for hours
using this in conjunction with the greek yogurt sleeping facial my skin has never
combo skin with rosacea
i love this cleanser!
the korres yoghurt cleanser is the best
it is the only cleanser that makes my rosacea
rather than a harsh toner
i love the texture of the cleanser!!
it does feel like yogurt on the skin.
it's gentle moisturizing foamy
i feel like i'm washing my face with a moisturizer
used to use the purity wash.
i've purchased the clinique dry skin cleanser
just not very moisturizing
kate somerville goat milk cleanser
i struggle to find a cleanser that moisturizes my skin
i am 52, with acne-prone combination skin.
sunscreen blended on like a breeze
this cleanser removes all my makeup
i prefer a cleansing oil for makeup remover
this cleanser deserves it
after years of acne breakouts
i found that this cleanser works well with my clarisonic
it washes off mascara
i love this cleanser.
use a cleansing balm first
use this as my second cleanse to remove the residue from oil based cleansing balms
for something that's supposed to be moisturizing
i've used quite a few facial cleansers.
philosophy pms or alcohol base product cause itchiness on my skin
this cleanser was recommended by a sephora employee as a gentle
mascara without staining my skin
even though this cleanser isn't specifically for oily or acne prone skin
i've tried murad cleanser for acne prone skin
gentle cleanser i've ever used
this was my first time using a foaming cleanser
i don't care for creamy cleansers
pair it with the kate goat milk moisturizer
use fresh soy face cleanser for my eyes
it is my everyday cleanser
it hydrates and removes all of my makeup.
it's more of a cream cleanser than a foaming one.
i've tried pretty much all of the otc acne washes
when i follow with a toner
it is so moisturizing
started using this cleanser
i love this cleanser.
reduced my natural skin redness
i cannot live without the korres greek yoghurt advanced nourishing sleeping facial
nourishing smell of the sleeping facial
for something to nourish the skin
i recommend the shiseido ibuki gentle cleanser
this is my all time favorite facial cleanser.
removes everything including waterproof mascara
this cleanser is a keeper for me.
makeup melter murumuru makeup remover balm
my goal with the exfoliator was to reduce the size of my blackheads
honestly healthier than it was before i put that horrid exfoliant on my face
i love that it is cleanser
moisturize nothing has worked
the best thing about this is that it uses natural greek yoghurt which contains lactic acid
perfect for the days when my skin is not wanting a harsh exfoliating cleanse
it is my everyday cleanser
cleansers should be basic
combination skin that is acne prone
i now only use toner every other evening on days i wear makeup
along with the korres moisturizer
i love this cleanser
the cleanser/toning properties makeup for it
my skin is combination
the greek yogurt in this is an awesome anti-inflammatory ingredient that helps not only helps keep my redness at bay
this guy also has lactic acid in it
just to aid in exfoliation
i love the formulation
besides it moisturizes your skin
this is the corresponding cleanser
definitely recommend this cleanser in combination with the moisturizer
cleanser as i am acne prone
use my facial washes with my mia2 after using this product
it removes every last bit of waterproof mascara
omly because while i like oil cleansers
i still follow up with a lathering cleanser
it is a very milky cleanser
takes off my waterproof makeup
has really nice moisturizing ingredients in it
this is the same as the older discontinued 3in1 protein milk cleanser
i do use a makeup remover to take off my makeup
perfectly priming it for concealer
my undereye puffiness is reduced
i don't love the applicator
what i love mixing this with is my undereye concealer
on top of your concealer
if you use any benefit concealers
as a person with insomnia
works well as a concealer primer under the eye
it prevented my concealer from creasing
i am 45 and have sleep apnea.
it's not as hydrating as eye cream
i put my concealer over this
it makes a difference in my concealer from creasing
light hydration, non-greasy.
my mother experienced an allergic reaction to the product
i still use a concealer daily
by time i get to my concealer it's absorbed
my concealer used to always crease
my concealer always seems to crease
it is not a concealer.
make my concealer smooth
love the lotion, love the applicator.
right over my concealer, no problem.
i used it after applying my under eye serum
the texture is similar to a serum or thin lotion
put all my concealer on
if i use a heavy moisturizer on it
this oil is hydrating
the point of any serum is to deliver megadoses of ingredients into the skin more effectively than a thick moisturizer—
the formula is 50 percent hyaluronic acid
this serum is amazing.
i am almost thirty with adult acne/blackheads with sensitivity
this serum is wonderful.
as the serum spreads thin on your face
also works well under your makeup primer or moisturizer
it's the only moisturizer i've found that is lightweight
this moisturizer is a dream.
considering that i like a moisturizer with a high spf
used a travel size of this foaming face cleanser
i continued with my routine using the purple cleansing lotion from clinique afterwards
i would never use this alone without a moisturizing routine
it definitely needs an intense moisturizing follow up
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser.
i like a cleanser that is really foamy
love this fast foaming cleanser
i only used the soap bar because i never liked the gel cleanser
great product for acne prone skin.
this facial soap a try for a week
s not a sonic cleanser
it's all i've been using besides the clinique exfoliant
the blue gel cleanser
nothing on the market today plumps your skin like this magical serum
i will continue to use this serum.
well next to my day serum which vissionarre
this serum does not dry skin at all
i put about 3-4 drops on my face before moisturizing at night
it is super moisturizing but not oily.
i've used all 3 of clarins's facial oils for years
this serum works amazingly
i love this serum.
but overall love this serum for my first serum.
this serum is great!
ever since i started using this serum
i see that this serum is a game changer
i highly recommend using this after a peel or exfoliator because it hydrates
it's not just an anti aging serum
this is my go to serum in morning
i am all about some serums
the renewal serum makes my skin feel refreshed
this serum also sits well under other skin care products such as moisturizer
i apply twice daily after applying toner
i love this serum.
am loving the serum
i love this serum
but this serum surprised me!
this serum was an impulse buy
this serum has done a lot for my skin--between this
never a problem with this moisturizer
night before my normal moisturizer
this serum is just perfect for me.
others have said they apply this serum over another cream
such a light serum that my skin drinks up
this serum says it's for "transitioning" skin
i got a small size of this serum in a kit with other origins products
5 ounce size of a moisturizer i wanted to try out
this is my all-time favourite serum!
holy grail serum for me.
i love this serum!
there is no serum out there like it
this is such a good serum
this serum is superb!
this serum is life changing.
it wasn't too moisturizing
it makes my skin so soft and its moisturizing.
i really like this serum
its a good serum, hydrates well.
this serum really helps make your skin look plump
this serum makes your skin glow
then layer moisturizer on top
this serum feels so soothing
after a week this serum cleared it all up
this serum does what it's says in the box
i really love this serum.
which is actually too thick to be serum
this serum absorbs really quickly
the serum has a light fresh citrus scent
that once the serum was on depleted the sallowness in my skin
one last thing i realized was i found the serum seemed to balance my oily skin
will continue to use the serum until its out
i am completely obsessed with this serum!!
have been struggling with occasional hormonal acne
i am not a serum or wrinkle treatment person at all
my moisturizing routine is pretty basic
this serum helps give my skin that added bit of moisture while making my skin look glowing
i find i need to use less moisturizer or oil afterwards
before moisturizer at the origins counter
the age this serum targets
i like that this is a more viscous serum than many
i love pairing this product with my over night moisturizer
since i have added this serum to my day
wash my face with a cleanser
it feels even better once i put my night cream on for extra moisturizing
this is moisturizing enough for me without being too heavy
works very well as a serum
has the added benefits of willow herb to help soothe
this serum is light
i am really enjoying this serum.
before i apply my moisturizer
i really like this serum
i still use a little of my acne-preventing serum before i apply this
something seems to be making my tinted moisturizer "pill" or form those little flesh-colored balls as i apply/blend my tm
it reminds me of the clinique smart serum
night under my moisturizer
i do need to add a moisturizer as winter in mn is brutal on the skin
it is one of the more moisturizing masks in the line
like when i'm hitting the retinol
after my mom asked if i had got botox
this mask is a luxurious treatment for your skin that increases firmness
i find that it detoxes my skin
my new go to for any facial skin products when it comes to masks
i'd been using aloe instead of the nf br
moisturizing skin with vitamins
if you want a charcoal mask to help purify
in the morning i applied a toner after washing my face
oils from my skin
the dermatologist couldn't help me.
extracts dirt and other impurities from the skin.
it is super moisturizing
which is why i'm assuming the mask is also hydrating
it deposits a layer of moisturizer directly to the skin
it helps with acne
this product helps a lot with my acne prone combination skin
hydrates dry combination skin type
no moisturizer i tried helped
only have healing acne
detox my skin like it says it will
ultra rich moisturizing mask
it also helps sooth redness cause from acne.
it is the price of one professional facial
i don't use a washcloth to rinse my face
winter to hydrate my skin
from the combo/hormonally active skin of my youth to the dryer
post-menopausal skin of today
it does hydrate your skin
i used a face serum on my face that caused a severe burn
more moisturizing than the soy cleanser
then clean my face with the soap twice a day along with the detoxifying oil cleanser which pairs great with this product
clinique smart custom-repair serum
estee lauder nutritious night vita-mineral intense nourishing creme
the detoxifying oil cleanser as a sample
i pair the cleansers morning
after using this in conjunction with the detoxifying cleansing oil
i still use this as 2nd cleanser after oil cleansing
i usually don't go for the detoxifying cleanser on the daily basis just because i have combo skin
i really like the gel formula of the cleansing oil
it perfectly balances my face for my moisturizing routine
it works great with the omorovicza refining facial polisher
i like washing my skin with the soap.
ready to soak in any moisturizer/serum
sebum over production due to steroidal acne
or if you may be using retinol products or acutane
before i use the soap
have resorted to botox years ago
i can see the difference in the texture of my skin compared to other cleansers
only with proper moisturizing
this cleanser can be drying for your skin because it has ahas in it
soy face cleanser then use the ptr with my clarisonic
exfoliate my skin without my having to use harsher
anti aging in your cleanser
i also use a derma face brush when i use this face wash to exfoliate
do recommend it be used with a moisturizer
has helped hydrate my skin
it has been exfoliating
moisturizing compared to my other wash
follow with a vitamin c serum
at night i use a gentle cleanser because that is when i use my acne
before applying my serums
only cleanser to use both day
does not remove waterproof mascara.
opt in for the "peeling gel exfoliant"
the cucumber gel mask
even though this is advertised as an "anti-aging" cleanser
i love that it has both glycolic
you're working with glycolic acid here people!
i've used this facial wash for a couple years
this cleanser is pricey
after 3 months of using dermatologist recommended products
i am currently on accutane for my oiliness
this cleanser is not harsh
the glycolic acid in this was just the right amount
one of my favorite facial cleanser on the market.
i love this cleansing gel.
ptr has two different cleansers
the glycolic acid cleanser
because of this product contains both glycolic acid as well as salicylic acid
exfoliate the top layer of skin
i recommend it to clients that come into sephora that need exfoliation
i love this cleanser!!
prescription methods to clear my acne
i still get the monthly hormonal pimples
i love this cleanser.
however, it has parabens and i don't like that.
the parabens are really the only negative
i also use a serum vitamin c
that most cleansers cause
i love this cleaning gel.
cleared my monthly hormone acne up instantly
even my waterproof mascara
moisturize that area ladies
recommend using a moisturizer afterwards
using as my morning cleanser
my go-to before this was boscia's beauty oil cleanser
sebum without stripping the skin
other days using a mild cleanser
which made me use a heavier moisturizer
including eye makeup remover
including stubborn non waterproof mascara
i've tried a variety of facial cleansers
it is "just" a cleanser
will not be without this ptr cleanser
i do use a retinol
so maybe the ptr cleanser used with retinol might not work well
i look forward to seeing more results using this as my new daily cleanser it really works well with my exfoliating gloves
i like the fact that it has the acids for acne
can use it as a cleanser as well as for acne
use an appropriate serum
moisturizer after your cleanse
sunscreen are a must when using these products
use this after removing my makeup with clinique's cleansing balm
with certain groups of people vitamin k is a very powerful dark circle minimizer
the ptr retinol serum at night
i will continue to use this product until i can find another highly concentrated vitamin k eye cream that is for a better price
the good thing is it has moisturizing ingredients in it so at least you don't have to use a separate eye cream over top for moisture
i love that one of the main ingredients is arnica
easily fixed by applying my moisturizer after applying the eye cream
i already use roth's cleanser
as well as every concealer
this cream is a miracle for me.
this is a very moisturizing cream for dark under-eye circles
there's this eye cream from cvs with vitamin k in it
this product is a treatment.
this lotions does not give my alergy.
over this i put moisture bound rejuvenating eye treatment gel
the product is really like a balm rather than a gel or cream
i love how this eye serum feels.
moisturizing as well so that helps
i do recommend coupling the ptr power k eye with a moisturizer
although i still have to use a concealer for the under eye circles
especially around allergy season
i tried this one because of the vitamin k
drier skin types will probably need an additional moisturizing eye balm as it falls short in that area
need to layer it for better moisturizing.
the kind where under eye concealer is needed everyday
it's not especially moisturizing
my facial massage girl suggested it
use something else for moisturizing because this one doesn't moisturize
i also love the exfoliating beads in it
know my skin will absorb my serum
it's the perfect combo of a cream cleanser
exfoliating and cleansing all in one product.
i like being able to exfoliate daily
it is an exfoliated there for should be used at the most twice a week just like any other exfoliating product
i got hormonal break ours
the exfoliating beads are pretty small
i just use moisturizer after i am all done
the only thing i still get are hormonal breakouts
also 3 times a week i use the glamglow moisturizing mask through the night
i would also like a moisturizer to match?
i am obsessed with this cleanser!!
i don't have to moisturize twice a day with this collection
cleanse with mudd to foam twice a day
i go between this and the moisturizing one.
this exfoliating cleanser is so awesome!
this is a great light exfoliating cleanser.
i find every day is over-exfoliating for me.
i like that this is an exfoliating cleanser
i am in love with the cleanser.
really enjoyed how exfoliating
i've noticed that this really cleanses well since i use toner
this anti aging cleanser smells exactly like the mask
this is my go-to daily cleanser
as i wanted to try out some new exfoliating cleansers
the exfoliation isn't too harsh for daily use.
i like to follow with a moisturizer
i like using this cleanser to exfoliate after wearing a full face of makeup
i won't use this as an everyday cleanser
i would suggest using with a moisturizer
s down my favourite daily cleanser
this is my holy grail of cleansers!
was afraid to use it because of the "exfoliator" description since i use a pmd microdermabrasion tool weekly
doesn't feel like you are exfoliating
moisturizers can't immediately fix
best exfoliating cleanser out there i love the smell
this is now my holy grail cleanser.
all cleansing products do that to me
i am 47 with combination skin
i tried the "hydrating" version in the blue bottle
refreshed after using this cleanser
i stopped using my first aid beauty gentle face cleanser
my recommendation is to use a gentle cleanser once a day
this gentle exfoliator once a day
the philosophy micro exfoliant cleanser are all that seem to keep my skin smooth
the other days i use a mild cleanser.
cannot use any acne products or strong moisturizers
it did a nice job on the layer of sunscreen
i love this cleanser!
as far as the exfoliating part
the exfoliating element isn't immediate
in the morning i use a gentle cleanser from clothes clinque
this cleanser cleared out my blackheads
i still needed to use a glycolic mask once a week
after removing my makeup, i use this cleanser.
i follow it with amore pacific's toner
i believe those are my usual hormonal ones
it is an anti-aging cleanser
this caused me to buy all four cleansers!
i also bought the hydrating mud mask
something a tad more moisturizing to restore the oils at night
with this cleanser being part of that routine
toner/moisturizer/primer/foundation
not like shampoo more like a sulfate free shampoo
taking a new medication for my skin
this includes the thirstycleanse cleanser
do an at home microdermabrasion treatment
my skin is combination
i love this cleanser!
i love that its moisturizing too!
i love this cleanser.
the only downside it's labeled as hydrating
enjoy washing my face to experience this product
my largest concern with moisturizing cleansers is that they're often horrible at removing makeup
i can't stop buying cleansers
after the lady at sephora recommended this to replenish moisture while cleansing my skin i took home a sample
i love that this product contains little exfoliating beads
product in hopes of hydrating my dry skin
like i already put a light moisturizer on
i love this cleanser!
i've tried so many cleansers from drugstore
i happened to see an ad for a new glamglow moisturizing product
i decided to give this hydrating cleanser a try
the fragrance is an added bonus!
very nice, simple, moisturizing face cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
the sephora salesperson helping me told me foaming up comes from parabens which strip your skin
however, it is really moisturizing!
it has a built in serum that moisturizes your skin as you wash away all the dirts
i love this hydrating cleanser
honestly it smells like almond cookies- the smell dose go away once you rinse off the product
definitely the most hydrating cleanser i've ever used
the description calls it hydrating, that it is.
i usually cleanse my face with my go-to routine: basic soap
moisturize with pure jojoba oil
an exfoliating cleanser twice a week in the morning for a great balance
glowing after applying moisturizer to my dry skin
i always use a moisturizer after.
dry skin always needs a moisturizer after cleansing
continue to massage your face
since i needed a new facial cleanser anyway i said
or as a morning cleanse
it cleanses well and smells like suntan lotion!
wouldn't say it's super moisturizing.
then micellar water before moisturizing
i got this as part of the hydrating gift set
smells like some kind of tropical sunscreen almost
love this moisturizing cleanser
it cleanses the faces while hydrating it
this stuff is what i end my cleansing routine with-after i exfoliate i lather this on my face
i love this cleanser after a long day
this product hydrates my skin like no other
it helped restore my skin after using acne treatments
so while i enjoy this cleanser
my favourite cleanser is now glamglow!
i would apply concealer
has a light cucumber scent similar to the soy face cleanser
light weight moisturizer that last through out the day
use the rose gel cream during the day when i don't want to layer so much under my concealer
so do my eyeshadows
its moisturizing with out it being oily
very moisturizing eye cream.
i love this moisturizer.
have been trying different moisturizing/anti aging eye cream
less of concealer under my eyes
doesnt have that chemical smell like most eye creams
applied it at night over my normal night creams
in the morning before i apply my under-eye concealer
i just want a hydrating cream that lasts all day
it feels calming/spa like when you apply it.
that's what my concealer is for
i mix 2 pumps with my night time moisturizer
this is my go-to winter moisturizer.
the milk is light
this is listed as a serum
my evening ritual consists of using this a moisturizer along with their oil
this serum/lotion/whatever it is makes my skin feel so smooth
kind of like a thick cream more than a serum
i would use it as a serum in the winter
as a moisturizer in the summer
my honest reaction to this was that it smells just like my multi-vitamin
you're putting a high-quality vitamin
since my skin is acne-prompt
it's vitamins for your face
t's not going to smell like perfumes or dyes or chemicals
it's literally vitamins to the face
non of my moisturizers such as marula oil
this is such a moisturizing rich product
bc of my recent facial
i totally recommend this for after chemical peel moisturizer
why other oil/lotion/milk products get attention
the antioxidants in there are amazing for anti aging properties
the probiotics are great for someone breaking out
works wonderfully like a serum under a moisturizer or alone over toner overnight
moisturizers i use will leave me waking up with an oily face
even with heavy moisturizer
serum my skin often felt tight
i think this serum smells like an orange tootsie-roll pop
i also use the jelly cleanser with the fizzy exfoliating powder
i snuck this milk in between my serum
you need this cleanser
there are no parabens or phthalates which is another huge bonus
i've skipped the moisturizing step because my skin feels that good
i like the shea cleansing oil a lot!
because of the shea oil
almost feels conditioned after removing the waterproof mascara
while i've tried every "moisturizing"
"skin quenching" cleanser under the sun from dior to lancome to olehenriksen to now this
i've found this cleansing oil adds moisture
i would put the clarins oil cleanser
i wanted a new cleanser
came across cleansing oils
then did my serum
josie maran argan oil for the night
eye liner, mascara, eyeshadow, foundation).
i prefer this over bobbi brown's cleansing oil
moisturizes as well as cleanses
this oil cleanser removes the oil
i love this cleanser.
it removes all my makeup even my waterproof mascaras
i've never tried cleansing oils before this one
it's perfect for removing waterproof mascara
milk cleansers weren't cutting it
i've used many cleansing oils
including waterproof eye makeup
this is the oil cleanser to get!!!
nurished before applying cleansing products
if you are used to using drugstore cleansers like i am
i prefer to use cleansing oils because they don't strip the natural oils off of my face
continue to massage the oil
face makeup in one product
this is the cleanser to buy to remove makeup!
this works great without any allergic breakouts
the best thing about this product is compared to other oil cleansers this one once you rinse your face with water it turns into a milky cleanser
i usually buy unscented everything
i got this set to try the lotion
i still use an oil-free moisturizer
this is an amazing makeup remover!
every other oil cleanser i've tried
it does a fantastic job of removing all of my sunscreen
are curious about oil cleansers
i've looked for cheaper cleansing oils that don't use mineral oil as an ingredient
how to use oil cleansers
though i have l'occitane's foaming cleanser too
other than eyeliner/mascara
i've tried a lot of cleansing oils at this point
i usually wear waterproof makeup and eyeliner .
massage throughout my face
love this cleansing oil
this is my first cleansing oil.
this oil actually cleanses the makeup
after i cleanse off this
i recommend using it as a night cleanser
adult acne prone skin
i also use a cleanser
toner afterwards to do a thorough cleanse
thought cleansing oils didn't work
i do use my normal dermadoctor face cleanser after using this
tried various acne products including salicylic acids
hydrated with no film or residue form this cleanser
sometimes i even use it as a toner.
blue plasma is the potion my skin craves every day
i wash my makeup off with perricone's hypoallergenic cleanser then dab blue plasma on my finger
give blue plasma cleanser a few weeks
i am really liking this exfoliant.
after washing my face i use a cotton pad to apply the plasma to my face
i do not find it moisturizing in the long run
blue plasma is the bomb!
this is my only exfoliate now
before i put on a serum
i'd strictly use this as a toner/cleanser
blue plasma is just such a gentle cleanser.
i'll follow up with this before any serum
use this after cleansing your face with cleanser + water
great for acne prone skin that requires face wash with salicylic acid or benzo peroxide
i subbed in this cleanser
for others just a blue plasma exfoliating treatment
it seems to have replaced the blue plasma serum by perricone
i rather cleanse my skin
only use it on places that need the moisturizing
completed my normal skin care regimen
preps the skin for your regimen
this toner/makeupremover/treatment is definitely to die for
leaving the skin prepared for moisturizers or serums
allergic to everything under the sun
i didn't use a toner or eye makeup remover because everything i tried
when i use it as an all over toner
bronzer on my neck
then use the cleansing treatment
my skin is acne-prone
my acne is gone
doesn't smell like the blue plasma treatment at all
she said it was likely because i was no exfoliating
it chemically exfoliates so your skin doesn't get irritated
i recommend washing your h
my skin is in heaven with this cleanser!
it doesn't strip my skin of natural oils
toner by for sensitive skin
either jurlique beauty oil or first aid beauty moisturizer
getting weekly injections for my cystic acne
it has no zinc oxide
then use de's sunscreen which has 20% zinc oxide
it serves as my moisturizer with sun protection
love the bonus of sunscreen.
don't forget the blush and bronzer !
perfect amount of moisturizer for daytime.
i would need other color from bronzer
my face feels moisturizer all day
tried out more affordable moisturizers
i give this product 4 stars vs 5 stars because the tint of the moisturizer stains my nail polish color every time upon application
this light weight moisturizer is like putting whipped cream on my face
the combo of spf 30 with moisturizer is perfect for me
i love this moisturizer!!!
the best part is that it has titanium dioxide as the sunscreen
i do put added sunscreen on in the summer
went into sephora asking for a daytime moisturizer with spf that would still help with my oiliness/combo skin
it's not a tinted moisturizer
this is the best tinted moisturizer
this moisturizer gives the natural glow of healthy skin even on my skin which has pigment issues
wouldn't be used as "tinted moisturizer"
this tinted moisturizer has changed all that
i apply a light powder
this is like moisturizer
it now replaces my expensive dior moisturizer
plus it has a spf
i love this moisturizer because now i can use one product
this new tinted moisturizer is a must have.
particularly over retinol treatment.
if you use retinol
wait about an hour after applying the retinol
this works great with toner
estee lauder moisturizers have something that no other moisturizers have
the previous moisturizers i was using
my skin is acne prone
this moisturizer lives up to its description.
i love how moisturizing it is
this moisturizer is very hydrating
i tested this out mostly because i wanted a moisturizer to wear under my sunscreen
when i applied my sunscreen it blended right in
use vitamin c serum
i took one star off for the price as there are vitamin c serums that rival this
this serum has made my skin smooth
acne rosacea breakouts sometimes
hoping it's just from detoxing my skin.
smoothness of my skin since i started using the genius serum
i've tried other vitamin c serums that have not been all that effective
as i've had with some serums
this serum has helped with my breakouts
i wasn't using this in conjunction with my serum
until i find a better vitamin c serum
this serum has done wonders for my skin.
let your skin absorb the serum before applying your moisturizer
say no to tanning beds
in 3 weeks this serum has done wonders for my skin
honestly it smells like vitamins
that's what's in the serum
it's comforting to know that it smells like vitamin c because this serum is chock full of it
have oily skin prone to breakouts with hormonal acne
acne prone skin that has hyperpigmentation
ever since i have started using this serum
apply to my problem areas on my face before moisturizer
i took the plunge on this serum
did not suffer any breakouts using this serum
the serum itself is great, too!
i know anything with vitamin c is great
this may be better than the gross serum.
i love using topical vitamin c
use tretinoin cream at night
the acidic properties of l ascorbic acid irritate
this serum solves that problem
does more than a typical vit c serum
it's not very moisturizing
i don't need a moisturizer afterwards
this serum truly has changed my skin!
this serum not only helped to prevent breakouts
this serum is expensive
s of vitamin c serums including ole henrickson
is clinical super serum advance
prolonged use of vitamin c serums has finally turned my face around
my face breaks out less with the use of a vitamin c serum
lightweight serum that i use every morning
this vitamin c serum is a must
vitamin c is a great antioxidant that protects my skin from free radicals
this serum sinks right in
doesn't cause any pilling when applying moisturizer
/or sunscreen on top
after trying numerous anti-aging serums
love this serum it is one of best vitamin c serum i ever used
best such serum i've used and i've used a *lot*
the serum also does a good job on my redness.
i used the murad lighting serum
i do exfoliate twice a week
this serum is great
when i put the serum
i received the trial packets of this serum
i've tried so many serums
creams that ranged from drugstore to ultra-luxe
i do need to moisturize well after this serum
vitamin c tablets which is weird
algenist firming face cream after it
must follow with your moisturizer of choice!
then the algenistconcentrated restructuring serum before all my moisturizers
it didn't feel too drying or tight like some vitamin c serums can
it's one of the best vitamin c products on the market
since vitamin c has been clinically proven to reduce the look of wrinkles
this serum has a medium weight texture
am in love with this serum
this serum treats all the areas perfectly
this serum does not cause any redness or irritation
after 2.5 weeks of use, this serum is working.
algenist regenerative anti-aging lotion
i follow that up with a very light spf 30 lotion
i love this serum.
it smells like chocolate-scented aloe vera lotion
this serum did not aggravate my skin at all
eye serums for three weeks
i start with this vitamin c serum
coupled it with the algenist retinol firming
moisturizing at the same time
a fine or light lotion
the vitamin c did not irritate my sensitive skin like many products have in the past
this is an amazing serum.
i would rate 5 stars if it were a bit more moisturizing
normally i don't like scented lotions
my skin is tan
i love this serum.
this serum does everything algenist says it will do
in regards to the reviews about the smell of the serum
00 on a serum for the smell
one of the things this cleanser does is reduce acne scaring
using this cleanser morning
this cleanser has helped for both!
i think it's healing my acne
the use of it as a cleanser
this product has active enzymes to chemically exfoliate the skin
if you are allergic to citric
for me its a great cleanser especially if you want to exfoliate your skin with out granules irritating your skin
i realize that i prefer a foaming cleanser in my morning routine
use it before moisturizer
you can wear it under foundation/primer/bronzer/blush
they even threw in hyaluronic acid for hydration
i love the consistency of this gel
much better than murad serum i found.
i am a 33 year old with hormonal acne prone skin.
it does prevent acne
i love this gel
unlike other medication products for acne
i love this gel for use of treating breakouts/blemishes
oil-free moisturizer cured my pesky milia
i don't have acne
i apply this with a qtip on my acne when i breakout which is mostly hormonal
this in addition to using my mia 3 to exfoliate works wonders
the dryness from acne
which is normal b/c of the salicylic acid
when i added this to my routine (after my serum
it's a normal amount of moisturize
i feel this serum is good as a repair/perfect treatment for winter skin
the original super corrective serum
this serum its amazing, love it.
for years i have been purchasing the shiseido bio-performance super corrective serum
along with a light sunscreen
if it was unscented i would've bought a full size bottle
try this: for expensive creams
mix it with a little aloe vera or a cheaper moisturizer to spread it out
i started using this serum along with some of their other products
like a highlighter in a moisturizer!
it doesn't smell like sunscreen
very fine exfoliating scrub.
this is my night cream
i follow up with serum
love this for exfoliating my skin.
have paired it with other cleansers
i love to add it to another cleanser
it's great at exfoliating my skin
follow with josie's argan oil
hadn't used a powder type cleanser or exfoliator before
i wanted a mild yet effective daily use exfoliating cleanser
perfectly ready then for a serum and moisturizer.
i like that this is antibacterial also.
definitely recommend this exfoliator.
as it is a powder
i love this exfoliator.
i exfoliate every morning.
i get hormonal breakouts
i find exfoliating every night with this in conjunction with the other products has really helped calming my breakouts :
menopausal skin is no treat!
enter josie maran argan exfoliating cleansing powder
fresh soy face cleanser
dryness caused my the medication
i also use it with the light josie maran argan oil for a better exfoliation
i struggle with hormonal acne
a good exfoliator for daily uses.
when the exfoliating powder revolution happened last year
don't like to over exfoliate my skin
this cleanser is a winner
use this after or in conjunction with philosophy purity cleanser
it works well as an exfoliator
it is a nice exfoliating treatment
i now mainly use it as a lip exfoliant or when needed an all over face exfoliant
it's great in addition to the argan cleansing oil
with the josie maran cleansing oil
this exfoliating cleansing powder helped remove the dead skin cells
it is a gentle cleanser that you can use daily
you can basically use it to turn your regular facial cleanser into an exfoliating cleanser by adding a tap of this powder
the light exfoliator isn't to much
the powder works wonders
love how it exfoliates
mix it with the argan cleansing oil
3 pumps of the cleansing oil
i pair this with the argan cleansing oil
with josie's argan cleansing oil
after using cleanser as a mask
i mixed this powder with the argan cleansing oil as recommended
this powder is a little too exfoliating for me to use every day
although it's a slightly pricey exfoliant it's worth every dime
like an enzyme-based one
this one being a powder
i usually leave it on a couple of minutes to let the enzymes do their magic
i love the new josie maran exfoliator!!
this cleanser is perfection!
when i saw the josie maran exfoliant powder
so rinsing isn't an issue
i mix this with the argan cleansing oil
dehydrated skin with hormonal acne along my jawline
i used a cleansing oil with it
since using this as an exfoliating cleanser this has improved the results of my other products extremely
you can control how much exfoliating powder you need
the enzymes of the papaya really help to dissolve any dead skin cells
i like to mix it with the cleansing oil so that i'm exfoliating my skin
while this is a safe exfoliant to use daily i normally use it just before shaving my face
i really like this exfoliating powder.
because it is a powder
oil or josie's cleansing oil
this serum is amazing!
i pair this with the lancôme youth serum in to my beauty regimen
38oz one like the youth serum
the texture of this is more like a lotion then a serum
this baby has cleared my acne skin
clinique moisturizer or the clinique even better spf 15 lotion
microdermabrasion all made no difference
this is my first serum
this serum is the best i've had--
visionnaire serum has been a miracle for me
lancôme hits the mark with this serum.
in the morning the serum alone under sunscreen
i love this serum it has helped my skin so much!
i apply this in the morning before my moisturizer
the first day or so i loved this serum.
this is a must have serum for those who are looking to improve their skin
i started using the visionaire serum
how it absorbs so well into my skin while moisturizing it
when your skin is aging
again at night before i use my bienfait night moisturizer cream
i think part of my skin good condition is due to the serums
i usually add another hydrating cream
i can't say this serum reduces pores
natural oils like shea or coconut
serums can't cure deeper wrinkles
i'd been using algenist retinol serum
immaculate foundation over to this serum
day cream as primer
helps detoxify without drying your skin out at all
it helps with blackheads and is over all firming.
one being a high concentration of vitamin c
i follow it up with josie maran argan oil
i feel the need to use a detoxifying clay/charcoal-based mask to clean out my pores at least once a week
absolutely recommend this product if your skin needs a little detox
this product is great as it does detox any oxidation that has occurred on the skin due to impurities
it's detoxifying, but not dying.
got the serum too
continue with my evening regimen
i've tried just about every serum out there
a full 20% plus the antioxidant kakadu.
this serum is so lightweight that is feels like nothing
this serum has completely changed my complexion.
when i compare that to this serum it definitely makes my skin look
even botox didn't work as well on the # wrinkles
the serum is a bit sticky under makeup
at night the use it, retinol cream the.
i've tried a lot of products to try to eliminate my post-pregnancy melasma
then put on sunscreen
c serum i have ever used.
layer my products starting with this serum first oil
moisturizer on top of that
i am glad to be using a vitamin c serum again
i love this serum!
i used a lot of the different vitamin c products out there
i know how important antioxidants are for my skin
picked up this serum
i used ole vitamin c serum for two years.
i wanted to "up" my antioxidant game
i do the basic skin care routinely: i wear sunscreen with spf 30 everyday
the serum absorbs into the skin well
once you put on sunblock or bb cream
coming from someone who used to get botox
was considering $300 facials to remove dark spots
has made me happier than 20 units of botox every 4 months
as far as what i was really searching out botox
considering all the ingredients in this serum
highly recommend this to anyone who wants a good daily serum with anti-aging benefits
with some other beneficial antioxidants to use as a preventative/brightening everyday serum
have been using this serum for 6 days now.
this serum is miraculous!!!
as fragrance is an additive that is necessarily good for your skin
the benefits of this serum are off the charts
this serum brightens my skin
i did a lot of research prior to choosing a c serum
i love this serum!!
i can't believe i never used vitamin c
this serum is everything !!!!!
use this with my eye cream.
try this eye cream
was just using eye creams for moisture
i also added a serum: algenist power advanced wrinkle figher 360 eye serum
use eye cream everyday
i love the smell, it's therapeutic.
i really like the herbal smell
this should be advertised as a mattifying primer!
using becca's backlight priming filter
i apply before my concealer
love this primer/pore perfector.
i mix this with cc cream & forget makeup!!!
you do have to use a moisturizer under this
after applying my moisturizer
really like this moisturizer
seems to be doing a good job at moisturizing my dry skin
i love this moisturizer!
i feel the moisturizer 2oz.
the woman at the philosophy counter said that this new product had some acids in it that helped exfoliate flaky dry skin
ill apply it around lunchtime also just for some extra moisturizing
cream to moisturize my face
it is light, emollient, and absorbs quickly.
bb cream for sun protection during the day
i love this moisturizer!
this moisturizer is everything!
i wanted/needed a moisturizer with an spf that would work for combination skin
doesn't pill up under liquid foundation
face lotion that worked under makeup
this moisturizer give me life.
this one is very moisturizing
went to the store for a recommendation on an eye cream to hydrate my red
would work well under concealer
it's a balm...not a gel or cream.
a prescription acne medication that stops oil production
this eye cream is so much more moisturizing for both night
it is very moisturizing which is what i want since i have ecsema under my eyes
i find that using this overnight gives me enough moisture to wear a less moisturizing eye cream in the morning under my concealer
concealer looks smooth again
it is very moisturizing and soothing.
i love this for a night eye cream very moisturizing
this is lovely and moisturizing, and non-greasy.
this cream is a life saver for me.
i sometimes have eczema
was recommended this cream
i may have a sensitivity to shea
my concealer slides like a dream
my under eye concealer wears better in the morning
compared to using other overnight eye balms
most eye creams give me mila
that's what concealer is for
it is very moisturizing.
it is very moisturizing
it is a good night moisturizer
moisturizing is what i crave in a nighttime eye cream
this product is so soothing and moisturizing.
i got a sample of this because of my retinol eye cream being too drying
my concealer goes on so smooth
this balm is a keeper
eye cream for years
that my eyeshadow primer wasn't helping the situation
i think the "whitening" aspect is a bit of a hoax
the moisturizing is great
i used the amore pacific moisture bound creme as the first layer of moisturizer on my skin then i applied this genius whitening lotion on
hard to cover with concealer
works great with the serum.
the serum alone they work best in combination
put the emulsion on first
perfect for a summer lotion or before your cream
this has taken the place of my serum at half the price
this cleanser is smooth
i love all the algenist cleansers.
i believe the algenist oil cleanser removes makeup better
this is very moisturizing with out being greasy.
less severe monthly hormonal breakouts
use that nightly as my moisturizer
tend to mix 2-3 drops with my moisturizer
this is my 3rd bottle of this amazing facial oil
also luna for me works better if i mix it in with a gel moisturizer
i get hormonal breakouts
despite loving the flash serum i was skeptical this would deliver
i wash my face with la mer foaming cleanser
after another few minutes follow with bobbi brown vitamin face base
i wash my face with la mer foaming cleanser
then apply the flash serum
wait few minutes follow with bobbi brown vitamin face base
i love that it contains chamomile especially
side effect of using a retinol product
on nights when i don't have time for my entire moisturizing regime
this is a cleansing oil
fragrance is an irritant.
i usually apply this in the evening after i spray my face with hydrating mist
that is true for all retinol products
hormonal acne for ages
it provides just enough exfoliation
i know the vitamin c is a perfect compliment for the retinol in both my nighttime products
without good genes or with another moisturizer
my only complaint is that it is an oily type of serum
has the retinol for anti wrinkle
have seen a dermatologist for laser treatment
my hyper pigmentation is lightening
this skin care regimen has even made my skin less oily
i used it as a night serum
do follow with a good moisturizer
definately the best retinoid i've used to far!
i find this super hydrating
s good genes serum
this serum has a really liquidy consistency which i'm new to
i feel like there are more moisturizers/serums that will hydrate dry skin better
i did an a/b test of this versus a new first aid beauty serum
i can only assume this serum provides the same moisturizing benefit
this serum was my savior.
before moisturizer for 28 days
this moisturizer is amazing
potent ingredients in this product
it has 10% dermatologist grade glycolic acid an also comes in 20% an 30% as well
the oil serum is easy to absorb
i wanted a serum that would help reduce wrinkles/lines
i will apply my lancome moisturizer on top
it certainly assists with my moisturizer
have been using chlorella
hyaluronic acid also had retinol or ascorbic acid or alcohol
my pores are so much smaller after using the vitamin c
my combo of vitamin c
i discovered the magic of skin inc's my daily dose serum
they created for me a serum based on my skin
how the serum actually looks like
the only serum that works on my sensitive skin without any skin reaction
the serums work wonderfully for me especially their new vitamin b3+
also their pure serum mist
since serums are usually $45 a piece
i choose vitamin c
of the chlorella serum--which is supposed to help with brightening
that leaves marks/hyperpigmentation for months
i must say, this serum has helped me a lot.
i love the my daily dose.
i love all of the skin inc serums.
my bottle contains vitamin a
vitamin a- this serum is the first one i tried making it easier to notice a difference in my skin
i am ordering my third bottle of this serum.
the first time i mixed my serum it didn't fill the "daily dose" bottle either which was very disappointing
i really do enjoy using my daily dose in the morning
this is my 2nd bottle of custom blended serum which consist of vitamin c
licorice serum to help me combat my blemish-prone skin
allows better absorption of the serum
i received compliments on my skin within 3 days of using the serums
i used the pure revival peel from this line with the serum afterwards
i just finished using my 1st skin inc custom serum set today
this daily dose custom-blended serum is amazing for my skin
these serums do an amazing job through all seasons at keeping my skin acne free
after a little research i took the skin inc quiz on sephora's skiniq to find out my daily dose
moisturizing without being oily
love my custom daily dose serum!
vitamin c serums for about a month
the serum helps my skin stay balanced
learned what 3 serums i should mix together for my skin
the serum is really good!!
i love my custom serum!
on top of my rosacea
my skin needed serums that weren't in any of the less expensive premade kits
my serum has the licorice
love that you can customize your serum to your skin needs
i received my first daily dose custom blended serum set in april 2015
i love it because even after the 1st week of using the serum
i really enjoyed this serum
love the option to change my serum as my skin needs change
my daily dose works wonders!
when i use skin inc custom serums on a regular basis
i love the daily dost custom blended serum!
the serum comes in a cute bottle with a dropper for easy dispense
not very sticky for a serum of this type
i love these serums!
this serum fixed 70% now
i learned about this serum on one of my favorite beauty blogs
skin inc daily dose serum is the best purchase i ever invest in
my custom serum was liquorice
i also purchased a chlorella serum on the side
this serum saved my skin
my daily dose serum is amazing!
i still see results with my coenzyme q10
my first bottle of my custom serum is almost empty
the serum is not greasy but feels moisturizing.
this serum does not provide results overnight.
this serum did some amazing things for my skin!
it chooses 3 serums that you can mix into the bottle
i also use the pure revival peel before the serum for better results
have a serum customized just for my skin
i really love my daily dose.
i've only been using my custom blended serum for about a week
my custom blend ended up being hyaluronic acid
i can really tell the high quality of the serum
wasn't an issue after i applied moisturizer
this serum has given by
creating my serum through each season change
i love the applicator
i've tried the other retinoids
i love the oil formulation.
i wanted a high potency retinoid for fine lines
however because of the retinoid it does make skin a little pink
have been using my biossance oil to moisturize on top at night
seriously you must use sunscreen with this stuff
this is the first retinoid product though.
want to research some other retinoid products first
i love ptr but i have eczema and sensitive skin.
wanted to add a retinol to my regimen to speed up the fading process
after reading up i decided on this serum
this is an incredible retinoid product.
using the retinoid to eliminate post acne redness
only for bedtime use.
i were acne prone
use this ptr retinoid serum with lancome genifique youth activating concentrate to see immediate results
ptr toning lotion because this is the only br
this serum is moisturizing
it really is this serum
use a good sunscreen every day.
have been using the ptr regular night time retinoid for more than 2 years
at first i didn't see any difference from the other night time retinoid
retinol truly is a miracle worker.
i've tried all sorts of serums
i've used an entire bottle of ptr professional 3% retinoid plus
i've had absolutely no sensitivity to the serum
moisturizer in the day
laser free eye serum
pit my firm x serum on
if you want a retinoid that works immediately than this is one to try
retinal in the pm
have never tried any sort of retinoid before
my insurance doesn't cover dermatologist visits
if you're curious about a retinol product
worth it over drug store retinol serums
having used retinoid products in the past with success at controlling mild acne scarring
retinoids are meant to regenerate skin
save your coins and get this serum.
this 3% retinoid serum is amazing!
this is a great serum.
i also use two other creams from sephora which boost hyaluronic acid in your skin
one has vitamin c
prescription retinoids for years
this is by far the best otc retinol product i've come across
no more milia or acne
i saw this hit the shelves after deciding i was going to see the derm for a prescription strength retinol to help with my acne
my dermatologist recommended i get a product with retinol
i find that in the morning when i apply my camu serum that it absorbs into my skin better
since i find this spf cream i can use sunscreen everyday without irritating my skin
i hate having the feel of heavy makeup or sunscreen on my face
spf/anti-aging properties
their redness therapy serum is actually really nice
i received this in my sun safety kit
i do use a water based gel moisturizer under it
this is a great sunscreen and moisturizer in one!
forgot to take my allergy medicine one night
that perfume scent is just non needed
must wear sunscreen daily even though i despise it
this is my absolute favorite sunscreen
it's perfect for your daily sunscreen.
help lock in my moisturizer
i love that it has a sunscreen
with the added benefit of sunscreen
like most good sunscreens do
this is an excellent silicone primer with spf
i suppose its due to the hydrating ingredients
as a specific treatment serum would be better investment
matte all day long
i love that it has spf and anti-aging properties.
or over top a very light weight moisturizer
it can start to pill
the rest of my body had regular sunscreen in spf 30
love this primer/sunscreen.
my go to sunscreen for my oily skin.
sunscreen all in one product
on top of the complete reform serum
i love this moisturizer and sunscreen.
pairs well with or without moisturizer
smooth even after exfoliating in the shower the following days
this has a light silicone texture
need the sunscreen protection living in socal
i found with certain moisturizers it will
must be the anti-aging/sunscreen protection
it has an spf of 30
i mix it with a cream sunblock to help smooth it on
i've tried primers, powders, setting sprays.
every sunscreen i've come across has been greasy
all spf moisturizer breaks me out except for this one
love this silky sunscreen!
it's a great primer with the benefit of sunscreen
it honestly smells like a flowery sunscreen
bb creams feel heavy
this was a great buy to replace traditional sunscreens
as one of the white fair melanoma prone i know i should wear sunscreen everywhere at all times
and it just makes it easy to use sunscreen.
i finally found a sunscreen to wear daily under my makeup that doesn't make me breakout
this one doesn't smell like sunscreen
it's the best daily moisturizer
this product is my holy grail moisturizer for both day
there are dozens of great ingredients which can help lighten acne scarring
day moisturizers that i have bought at sephora
with no other moisturizer added to the regimen
after using this moisturizer combined with laura mercier's translucent powder for baking it worked amazing
i've tried tons of moisturizers that claimed to be mattifying
this moisturizer was basically scent-free
this moisturizer combined with laura mercier's translucent powder for baking is a game changer
this moisturizer provides the perfect balance of hydration while keeping my skin matte
this is a great daytime moisturizer i use before my primer
i've tried other mattifying moisturizers
i like this gel for my combo skin.
with first aid beauty mattifying gel
i love this moisturizer on my combination skin
soothing when i apply under the benefit cosmetics the porefessional:matte rescue invisible finish mattifying gel
while i don't consider this to be a typical mattifying gel
this is an excellent oil-free lightweight moisturizer for oilier skin types
when i had a terrible skin reaction to fresh's soy cleanser
this was the only moisturizer i could st
for whatever reason this moisturizer works.
this mattifying gel is a very good anti-aging moisturizer for those with oily
will either add a drop or two of a facial oil or use a heavier moisturizer
i love this moisturizer!
i decided to give the mattifying gel a try.
sunscreen then go outside
is it the silicones?
i didn't purchase this moisturizer with the intent to use as a primer
needed a moisturizer that would help my oily/combo skin
want to avoid a moisturizer with sunscreen in it
this moisturizer has changed my life!
definitely my new daytime moisturizer as i use the belif peat moisturizer at night
i also use it as a moisturizer before bed.
lightweight gel moisturizer that provides moisture without making your skin more oily
is a good moisturizer especially for daytime
i've always used oil-free moisturizers
this moisturizer is a 2 in 1 since it works as a primer as well
this has become my hg moisturizer
i hate the smell of sunscreen.
clean, moisturizing and not too heavy.
its very moisturizing without being greasy yet i don not find it mattifying
it's loaded with antioxidants
i love this moisturizer because of the fact that it is water-based
many of the cream moisturizers are too heavy for my skin
my skin is combination
i am constantly moisturizing
personally i use the cleanser
use in am paired with the red clay gel cleanser
this moisturizer is great for my sensitive/oily/combination/acne prone skin
like most moisturizers do
i've used other moisturizers in the past that always left my skin greasy
this gel moisturizer works against oily skin under your makeup for a nice mattifying look all day long
this gel moisturizer is great for light hydration
i can apply sunscreen over this without the gel balling up or pilling into little flakes
as someone with bad facial eczema
use this as a moisturizer
my holy grail moisturizer is clinique dramatically different gel
when i mix this with my clinique moisturizer
great ingredients with this moisturizer
i've replaced my morning moisturizer with this
lightweight gel moisturizer that doesn't irritate my skin
i love the way my face feels after using the first aid mattifying gel
i even use it as my moisturizer/primer on "normal" makeup days
i mix it with a clarins moisturizer before applying
i love this moisturizer!
this isn't moisturizing enough for me to use at night
it has allowed me to wear a slightly moisturizing day-time serum without feeling greasy
highly recommend as an anti-aging moisturizer for oily to combo skin
this moisturizer is mattifying
mattifyinf which makes it great to combine with a sunscreen
sunscreen + moisturizer = gunky mess for me
niacinamide are both proven to brighten
plus ceramide is excellent as a moisturizer
i love that this has niacinamide
after i set with powder my skin both looks matte
this moisturizer is perfect!
it does an amazing job of moisturizing my skin
it hydrates enough for daytime use as a moisturizer under a primer
redness reducing not mattifying
at night i exfoliate
i put some fab ultra repair lotion on to add a little more hydration
more than any other mattifying gel that i've tried
even with using an oil-free moisturizer
my foundation is a powder
it's also great for moisturizing!
i apply it after applying my moisturizer.
i found this while doing a sephora search for wrinkle cream
i gave it 4 stars because i loved the cooling sensation of the applicator
i've spent lots of money on creams for my eye area
be sure to massage it in with the roller ball applicator
i usually use belif's aqua bomb moisturizer
ai wanted to try out the moisturizing bomb
the moisturizing bomb is very good
amazing product cleared up an irritation rash when cortisone creams were doing nothing
so this moisturizer is my go to
it acts as a good primer while also moisturizing
i currently enjoy some spray tanning
love this simple, hydrating cream!
i love this moisturizer!
2 creams to get satisfactory hydration
it's lightweight, fragrance-free and herbal.
no other moisturizing products i've tried worked even close to how well this works
moisturizing bomb as samples
even with matte formula
setting sprays or primers
it is definitely highly moisturizing
i love this moisturizer
it's official, this is my holy grail moisturizer.
this cream is the bomb!
my new holy grail moisturizer.
its obvious some are confusing aqua bomb with this moisturizing bomb
aqua bomb contains the denatured alcohol
moisturizing bomb is for those like me
it is so deeply moisturizing without being sticky or leaving that "moisturizer film" on my skin
thought i'd try moisturizing bomb
my holy grail moisturizer.
flaky after using a retinoid product
this cream is so moisturizing in the best way possible
this moisturizer has been a life saver.
it's just so moisturizing
now that i am approaching 50 gel moisturizers don't cut it
i love this moisturizer!
s of moisturizer trying to improve the appearance of wrinkles
this product works for plumping up wrinkles.
this moisturizer is exactly that
this moisturizer was amazing at being gentle while also providing intensive hydration
i think it is helping with the redness.
this moisturizer is the bomb!
i love the texture of the gel
i finally found my holy grail moisturizer!
even if i exfoliate a couple of times a week
after using this moisturizer
free samples of lotions rarely impress me
this product was the only cream that could hydrate my skin
this moisturizing cream is amazing!
it is insanely moisturizing without feeling heavy at all
most hydrating moisturizer i have ever laid my h
i take accutane for acne
i love this moisturizer
most moisturizers burn when i put them on
typically only use facial oils at night to keep me moisturized while sleeping
perfect for layering with serum
nothing will moisturize my skin besides this
i've ditched that product because this moisturizer is my holy grail
the ingredients are natural
this is one of the only moisturizers i've found without mineral oil
usually cream moisturizers break me out
have to stick with gel
does a great job moisturizing
leaves my face moisturizer
exfoliation will do wonders for your skin
the moisturizer is not heavy at all
this moisturizer is amazing!
this is my new holy grail winter moisturizer.
so glad i remembered i had a sample of the moisturizing bomb
i tried a few different lotions
lightweight yet intensely moisturizing
my new daily lotion, for good!
i've tried tons of moisturizers for dry skin
am always reapplying moisturizer
is a really effective moisturizer
i would suggest using it as a nighttime moisturizer
a great base prior to applying moisturizer
the aqua bomb moisturizer was eehh.
i switched to the travel size of erno lazsco detoxifying cleansing oil/bar when i ran out of the trial size of this cleanser
i do wish there was an exfoliating wash that i could use
em with belif's problem solution toner
or because they are moisturizing
love using this after oil cleansing
this cleanser is perfect for the days in between using my retin-a
i usually follow with a toner
it dries my skin out even if i use a hydrating toner
since starting to use this cleanser
i needed a cleanser that would clean my skin w/o drying it out
along with the belif face lotion
after washing with this cleanser
smell is something i consider when purchasing facial products
i love this cleanser.
follow up with this foaming cleanser
i love using this foaming cleanser with the foreo
those gel-like cleansers just don't work the best with my device
use the belif moisturizer after!
i reserve it as a morning cleanser
it made of natural ingredients
i switched to this cleanser after trying the aqua bomb moisturizer
double this product with the aqua moisturizing bomb by belif
found my hg moisturizer!
even though i use several moisturizers
my face loves the cleanser
very foamy but moisturizing
i've gone to the derm for my acne
has helped my acne almost disappear along with the hungarian serum
i love this face cleanser.
love the facial moisturizer as well.
use this to rinse it off
i feel like it preps my skin for my serum
i usually use the vitamin c wipes
most cleansing waters are full of artificial fragrances
applying this moisturizer is easy.
in a simple cleanse-tone-moisturize routine
i don't have to use any other moisturizer with this product
this moisturizer is perfect if you have sensitive oily skin
uses herbal ingredients which is really good
this moisturizer soaks right into your skin
this lotion is lightweight
a great moisturizer thats lightweight
i've tried a ton of different moisturizers.
it feels light weight but is very moisturizing.
milky hydra balancing moisturizer is light enough to layer with a primer
it was very moisturizing
this is a great moisturizer to help moisturize your skin
other moisturizers leave my face feeling greasy
exchanged it for the aqua bomb moisturizer
it is so moisturizing
literally like changing moisturizer!
i needed a bit more hydration when my eczema kicks in
i like to feel like my moisturizers are hydrating my skin
this moisturizer is surprisingly hydrating for a lotion
i love this one as a day moisturizer.
you get a ton of lotion for the price.
you get just over 4 oz of product for the average price of an 1 oz moisturizer
this moisturizer is perfect for my combination skin
this actually hydrates my skin even though the consistency is more gel-like than other moisturizers
this cream helped my skin to balance.
it controls the oil while moisturize my skin.
i love that it is gel ❤️
many moisturizers on my way to this one
this moisturizer is super hydrating
this moisturizer has h
once the gel / gel cream moisturizers started appearing i have been vigilant about researching
this product is a hydrator, not a moisturizer.
does have a "moisturizing bomb" which i have yet to try
it is definitely moisturizing
breakouts while moisturizing my skin
this moisturizer has been amazing for my skin
this is the more lightweight belif moisturizer
also the belif true cream moisturizing balm
i am glad this product does not contain sunscreen
it also wears great under water or silicone based primers
my only wish is that it contained a sunscreen.
find sunscreen in another product
it intensively moisturizes my skin
going to use this as my summer moisturizer.
my skin is acne prone
this worked wonders for hydrating my skin after my intensive skin care routine
this is my holy grail moisturizer.
this moisturizer has changed my life.
the cream formula of the moisturizing bomb
some reviews suggest the moisturizing bomb is a heavier
heavy duty moisturizer in comparison
this moisturizer changed my life!
this moisturizer is a gel / cream
after using my toners
i love this moisturizer for my combination/acne prone skin
really moisturizing for my dry face.
i love how it is a combination of lotion
it's extremely lightweight for being so moisturizing
some moisturizers do that
i've had a hard time finding something that's moisturizing
cream moisturizers during the day because i feel like my skin can't breath
this is my holy grail moisturizer
i love that it is a gel consistency.
love this gel moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
this is the best gel moisturizer.
giving you hydration than the de gel moisturizer
i love how light weight this moisturizer is.
moisturizing for my dry skin
it is ultra hydrating
the fact that it is a gel formula
almost all the popular moisturizers that are recommended by youtubers gave me small pimples
this moisturizer is amazing!
my skin loves this moisturizer
is still very moisturizing
i used coconut oil for a moisturizer
my skin craves this moisturizer.
this moisturizer is life changing
i love this moisturizer.
i love that it has natural ingredients.
seriously the best moisturizer for oily skin!
while most enjoy a thicker moisturizer on this medication
new products can give me redness
how moisturizing without being at all greasy
it's a gel-ish moisturizer kinda like a light body lotion
highly moisturizing, without clogging up my skin.
i'd been using fab's 5 in 1 moisturizer everyday
moisturizer have changed my skin
i am combination skin.
i love the texture of this moisturizer
also does not cause breakouts like other moisturizers i've tried
this moisturizer hydrates my skin very well
it has a medicinal smell that i'm not crazy about
i love the way this gel moisturizes my skin
it is very moisturizing and quick absorbing.
true to it's name-very moisturizing
i used a few drops of organic rice bran oil on top of it with a little bit of spf 50
the absolute holy grail moisturizer for my combo- dehydrated/oily
not like menthol more like water
loved it.moisturizing but not heavy.
this moisturizer is extremely hydrating.
have had to switch to gel moisturizer
i actually meant to purchase the moisturizing bomb
i think the gel moisturizer just isn't for me!
compared to all the moisturizers i have used
love this moisturizer for daily use.
i did use my regular cleanser
i've got a lot of fancy pants moisturizers from my dermatologist
using this moisturizer after washing my face
gel-like moisturizers are good for oily skin
i definitely would say it's moisturizing.
i would say this is very moisturizing for my skin
i don't have wrinkles
need something that moisturizes
on my hunt for eye creams
i used lancome face creams for years
try this eye cream
most eye creams are 15 ml
that's how i use this belif moisturizing
firming eye cream now
i really love this cream for the moisturizing properties
it leaves my face smooth and moisturizing esp.
it is very moisturizing
most hydrating eye cream i have found yet!
with this product my concealer
it is so moisturizing.
so moisturizing and doesn't break me out.
the mask is hydrating
the texture is more like a watered down lotion
it's so lightweight yet so moisturizing
moisturizing in the morning
the oil control moisturizer
i find it super hydrating
it's really soothing and moisturizing.
i recommend it to anyone with acne-prone skin
ultra nurishing, hydrating and brightening mast.
replaced my evening moisturizer with it.
i would rank thickness in this line like this: aqua gel is lightest
this is the only moisturizer that i use now.
- very light weight and absorbable.
this aqua oil gel is no exception
i like to use this after toner
ter or mineral oil as an ingredient
most "moisturizing creams" fall into this category
the belif aqua gel oil is moisturizing
provides a non-greasy platform after you've used your serum
compacted mineral oil sealant
this gel oil has a bit of a strong medicine-like scent to it
it refreshes my skin
it so light yet so moisturizing.
this is super moisturizing
i like gel based products
tried a sample of the aqua face gel-crea
i only use about 1-3 drops just for moisturizing
this by far is the most moisturizing cleanser i have ever used which does not leave an oil residue on skin
try pumping cleanser in h
cleansing oil has been in my daily facial care routine almost 20 years
i love the natural herbal smell.
compared with other cleansing oils
if it were unscented i would give 5 stars.
many other creams burn and irritate my skin.
works well under most concealers
i do use either algenist or ptr eye creams at night to combat dark circles
eye creams are crazy expensive.
helps with my wrinkles
my concealer looks smooth on top
its super duper hydrating
as it is good at moisturizing
under eye concealer creasing situation
always needed to use an undereye color corrector
i love this serum.
i've tried many eye creams
i've used dozens of eye creams in my lifetime.
my concealer goes on completely smooth
looking at other eye creams
this is the perfect moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer.
i love this moisturizer!
t has the texture of silicone almost.
this is just a moisturizer
it feels more like a moisturizing gel than anything
it's not actually super moisturizing though
i would also suggest the nighttime version of this moisturizer
i recommend this moisturizer to everyone who has facial dullness
the texture is almost like a serum
don't like super-thick moisturizers or sunblock in my lotions
this is the perfect moisturizer for my skin.
i tend to steer clear of moisturizing oils for face
moisturizing products were making me break out more
i would have to put on lotion after the shower
it's very moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
other additives other oils may contain
it's more moisturizing with a velvet finish that absorbs quickly into the skin
a couple of drops with my moisturizer
this works great to use before a concealer
i chose this as a sample thinking this was the teaberry moisturizing face oil because i wanted to replace my previous morning face oil
it's also amazing with the seaberry facial oil.
i applied the serum overnight after washing my face
i tried a bunch of over the counter products for eczema
redness as well as some hyperpigmentation
i mix it in with my evening moisturizer
i add a few drops to either my serum or my moisturizer
it definitely amplifies the moisturizing qualities of my normal face products
instantly calms my eczema
i added a couple of drops to my moisturizer every morning
i ran out of moisturizer
my laroche-posay acne treatment is amazing
added to my regular night moisturizer
slight herbal scent but not bad at all.
i put 3 drops of this serum in with an aesop h
cream that is more organic i
it "thickens" up my moisturizer into a heavier moisturizer
mixed with my regular moisturizer
i also add 2 drops to my creme ancienne soft cream
i tried medicated creams
there's no sulfate a or detergents
i love this facial wash!!
before i found this product i was using facial cleansers designed to control acne
i tried the power cleanser face mask
after changing my cleanser w glamglow
to just balance everything out i use a regular hydrating cleanser in the mornings instead
exfoliating at the same time
i do moisturize twice a day
i do wish the exfoliating scrub part was a little grainier like their other scrubs
i exfoliate every night
oil cleanser to remove most makeup
massage for about 15 seconds
the supermud cleanser in the morning
or lotions my dermatologist has prescribed over the past decade
this product is now a staple in my toiletry bag
that used to be my holy grail cleanser
i like to switch cleansers/moisturizers after about 12 months--same with shampoo/conditioner
it also reacts badly to cleansers that are too moisturizing
it's pricey for a cleanser
this cleanser is a game changer
if you are hoping it will cleanse like an oil cleanser
i recommend this wash.
the clay totally detoxifies
because it is a little too exfoliating
a cleanser is a cleanser it doesnt have to remove makeup
a cleanser like this with harsh chemicals may break you out
i suggest removing your eye makeup before you continue with your beauty regimen
follow quickly with your serum or moisturizer to avoid any dryness
i tried the other glamglow cleansers
this cleanser balances out my skin
this cleanser has clay in it
it works great with any type of serum underneath
i love this cleanser!
there is less product in this cleanser
if your complexion needs a good detox
it has 2.5oz oil and 2.5oz mud.
trying under eye creams
i can use any under eye concealer
concealer will leave you looking dewy
it's moisturizing for sure.
this is the first time i have purchased a facial oil
i do know i have a beautiful glow when i massage a few drops into my face before moisturizing
i like mixing a few drops with my moisturizer
perfect as a base for makeup or your daily moisturizer
it is only 3ml/0.10fl oz.
i take my night time moisturizer
i mixed it with my moisturizer before my primer
i love quality facial oils
i like to use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
i put this on over my retinol
s with moisturizer all day
glowy, light weight and moisturizing.
i did find this moisturizing
loved adding this to my moisturizers!
it is best used on damp skin as a moisturizing
it takes the place of my moisturizer
i love this lotion!
this lotion works like a charm
with this lotion i don't have any of that
almost every moisturizer/sunscreen combo i try makes me look just too oily an hour or two after i leave the house
i love this moisturizer.
so u'd better put on serum before using this
i'd rather it be unscented
lightweight moisturizer/spf/primer combo for anyone
an anti aging cream with an spf?!
i love this moisturizer!
the added bonus of mattifying
use as a tinted moisturizer
with spf which my aging skin loves.
it's not very moisturizing, but it blurs.
i just use a vitamin c serum
any sort of sunscreen product
provides spf without aggravating my rosacea
i always use serum
it is essential to find a good moisturizer which also has sunscreen in it
because it is just barely moisturizing enough
this moisturizer mattifies my skin
there because of my acne cream
a very strong sunscreen smell
i love to use this in the summer time as a moisturizer/primer
for days that i need more moisture i will use a serum or hydrating primer with it
need sunscreen kind of day
that this is not very moisturizing at all--
i am still trying different spf facial products
love the feeling of this moisturizer on my skin
i really like the blurring properties of this moisturizer
i wear it under the algenist tinted moisturizer
this coupled with retinol
firming moisturizer in the evening
i know our moms taught us to trowel on the sunscreen
on top of my regular moisturizer
it has a hint of that sunscreen scent
it pairs so well with fab hydrating serum without giving my face an oily feel
having sunscreen in my moisturizer is a must
really great daytime spf moisturizer!
this isn't moisturizing enough for me though
with something more moisturizing underneath
this sunscreen has a very light
i cannot fully blend the sunscreen in without rubbing
the sunscreen looks blotchy around my eyes
highly recommend because it's really great specially for a mineral sunscreen
i wanted a mineral sunscreen
as all mineral sunscreens are
this is a great moisturizer and sunblock.
my daughter needed a light sunblock for everyday.
i tend to react to chemical sunscreen.
cream that is unscented
mineral sunscreen is almost impossible to find
i would have given this 5 stars if it was a little more moisturizing
i hate the way sunscreen smells
if it could be more moisturizing on its own
i've recently switched to mineral sunscreen for my face since the chemical versions were causing major breakouts
it's not greasy and it is moisturizing.
it's mineral sun blockers
not as much as other mineral based sunscreens i've tried
it is very moisturizing thanks to the shea
as someone who has used cerave cream for the past 5 years as a facial moisturizer i have come to be very picky about lotions
it works as both a sunscreen
love this sunscreen i work outside 24/7
i used over a serum
that it uses a physical sunblock rather than a chemical one
and it has sunscreen which is always a plus :)
i love this moisturizer/sunscreen!!
this moisturizer/sunscreen does just the opposite
this is my new go to daytime moisturizer!
recently i've switched to mineral sunscreens
it really does feel moisturizing
i cannot recommend this enough for a daytime moisturizer
at night i use the ultra repair face moisturizer.
in order for this sunscreen to look
zinc controls oil and helps sooth acne breakouts.
my acne prone skin loved this product
i only use mineral suncreens
weight as the normal ultra repair moisturizer
that being said does feel moisturizing
feels like normal moisturizer
does not have the typical spf/sunscreen smell
i've tried a bunch of mineral sunscreens
even when you put on the required 1/4tsp for proper protection/coverage
which is typical for most sunscreens
this is a moisturizer too
in the summer i plan to skip moisturizer
i've tried over a dozen sunscreens
i always wished fab would make a mineral sunscreen -- i have the hardest time finding ones i can tolerate
make it a tinted moisturizer
this is my first time using moisturizer with spf plus i don't like the smell of sunscreen
i don't smell the sunscreen i really like it
it is super moisturizing and luxurious feeling.
get rid of the white sheen from the zinc sunscreen
i've tried the other spf creams from fab
i love this moisturizer!
i also like that it helps fight rosacea
i really like this sunscreen
moisturizer in one that works without feeling heavy
hard to rub in lotion
i tried this new sunscreen on a recent isl
i love my fab moisturizer
i really wanted to find a non-chemical sunscreen
any other mineral sunscreen would leave me looking pasty
this is the first mineral sunscreen that doesn't leave any white residue
i can finally give up chemical sunscreens for good
this is a light feeling moisturizer.
with my combination skin
this mask works miracles!
after applying some vitamin c serum my skin was glowing
i really enjoyed the exfoliating beads in the mask as well
i like that there were little exfoliating bits in the mask
concentrated on a few really bad hormonal pimples
my skin loves zinc
my skin is so matte and oil-free.
you need to use a hydrating cream or lotion afterwards
does a great job at detoxing my skin.
this really does help purify my skin!
didn't dehydrate my skin
i recommend this product to people with acne prone skin
this one is so comparable to glam glow's acne mud mask
super baby soft with any face mask or skin care oils or lotions etc
it's a bit drying so after i use it i apply thayers aloe
rose toner from whole foods
i've tried many purifying-type masks.
i followed with the moisturizer
is the best facial mask i've used.
helps with my blackheads
i also will use it as a spot treatment when i get hormonal acne breakouts
invigorating addition to anyone's facial routine
it feels like my skin is detoxing
i don't know about this "detoxifying"
i can get that with a lot of detoxing products
i love this oxygen mask
wearing sunscreen everyday can do a real number on your pores
don't have to put on sunscreen every day
foams up like shaving cream almost
it claims do hydrate the skin
i loved this hydrating mask for right after i exfoliate or in between my facials
i would recommend over any other sephora hydrating mask
love this cooling, soothing gel mask!
its great for moisturizing
i love this cleanser.
i just purchased this product as i love the sephora line for cleansers
i don't wear water proof mascara
i love this cleanser.
massage it into my skin
so after using a cleansing wipe followed by this cleanser
sort of like fresh's soy face cleanser
after using this cleanser
i love this cleanser!
have tried many facial cleansers
this cleanser is bomb
helps prevent acne without drying my face out like most cleansers
effective cleanser for everyday use
almost all of my mascara
tight like other gel cleansers
cleansing oil to remove my makeup
couldn't get my hg boscia cleansing gel
as a deep cleaning makeup remover this gel is amazing
found my hg cleanser!
i love this cleanser!
love using it with the metamorphosis exfoliating powder
my waterproof mascara takes some work with this cleanser
discontinued it exfoliant powder methamorphosis make it back
moisturizer i used the night before
when i use my toner
i love this cleanser!
gentle cleansing power of the mousse
gentle cleansing power of the mousse
it's not as foaming as some other foaming cleansers
i love the idea of antioxidants in my cleanser
unlike the other serums i've used
i've never had this problem with the glass bottled serums
smells just like the moisturizer!!!
i do use the moisturizer with this as instructed.
in my moisturizer after i wax my face
makeup unlike the night a min moisturizer
it is helping with acne discoloration
just returned all of my other creams and oils!
i don't find it as hydrating
always use it in combination with either a moisturizer or my fresh seaberry facial oil
it works better on my pimples than any acne gel!
i prefer the the texture of creams over oil
i recommend this along side the moisturizer
i layer another oil or creamy moisturizer over it
if it's a breakout i add some clinique acne gel
this feels like more of a serum than an oil
this was so moisturizing
it takes care of a lot of the redness that i have associated with my acne
is moisturizing without being greasy which is amazing
i find i don't need to use acne medicated soap nearly as often after starting with the regimen
the non-hormonal acne at bay
hydrates like no other
night under my moisturizer
it has also helped with my hyperpigmentation
if it's as gentle as the serum i may have to try it
i find this oil to be perfect for acne prone skin
salicylic acid will obviously help with acne
now i use this in lieu of a moisturizer
brightens and moisturizes my skin.
blackhead treatments being too harsh
after washing my face with a mild cleanser
the women in my family have used facial oils to retain the youthfulness of their skin
you cannot tolerate silicone dense moisturizers or creams
it's the best face oil/serum i've tried
felt like it was moisturizing
i've had oxygen masks/facials before at my dermatologist
i love to use this after i cleanse to rejuvenate
despite being gentle with cleansers
diligent with my moisturizers
laser fx lift serum
after a regular cleansing with ptrs rose cleanser
before any of my serums or retinol, just gone.
t's office this is one of my favorite treatments during a facial
i love this rose infused moisturizer
i usually use this following intense exfoliation or a peel to sooth
when i moisturizer does what it claims do to for my skin
this moisturizer is perfect after using the rose stem cell mask or cleanser
i love this moisturizer.
this will be my go-to winter moisturizer.
my skin seems to drink moisturizers like sand.
this cream definitely hydrates my skin
i love this moisturizer!
along with the farmacy hyaluronic acid serum
the skin is like a sunburn
usually apply after my serum
i used this over my serum
this cream hydrates and relieves me of redness.
this moisturizer works well for me in the summer
her eye creams are also amazing!!
which is my little aromatherapy moment each day
i apply at night after cleansing my skin
i love this serum!
anyway i've been doing glycolic home treatments by way to improve this
a med spa nurse told me to get a skin resurfacing facial to start anyway because it builds collagen
anyway so tonight after a glycolic treatment my skin was a glowy
i could see the glycolic glow diminish
no other cream or serum has done this
its a serum not a moisturizer
i just love the smoothness this moisturizer has provided
i consider it a medium weight moisturizer
it's a light cream i use at bedtime
my only problem is that it smells like baby wipes or baby lotion/powder
it reminds me of baby lotion smell
i love this moisturizer
this is a great daily moisturizer.
it does its job in moisturizing skin
this cream is light
the moisturizing effect lasts longer than most without leaving an oily residue
it's my new moisturizer!!!!
i see that it is a facial moisturizer?
maybe because i like the fragrance of baby powder
i hate heavy creams
need just a simple moisturizer
got the cleanser and toner now also.
it was super absorbent
its really moisturizing and nourishing.
i love the papaya enzymes and coffee ingredients.
i get hormonal breakouts
very effective, detox is a great name.
in my search for a product to reduce blackheads
in combination with several pore minimising cleansers i am using
this isn't an extreme instant detox
i needed a detox mask and this is perfect.
skin concerns:- combo skin- acne- blackheads- dry patches/eczema
also won't irritate acne, eczema or dry skin.
used to have hormonal acne
prone to hormonal break outs
lessens my acne redness
this is where the instant detox masque comes in.
spray your face with caudalie grape water
i tend to spray my face with grape water again
moisturizer or face oil
this mask as well as their serum
moisturizer i would give 10 plus stars
this detox mask is the one that works best for me
my moisturizers sunk right in
well worth the money if you are looking to detox the skin
this caudalie detox mask blew the origins one out of the water
this is the least expensive glycolic peel i've seen
sometimes fifteen if i want a good skin detox
minus one point due to limonene / linalool
spa like texture, love the non drying tightness.
not to mention the smell of this product is very herbal
when i rinse the product off
exfoliates and purifies on point.
it preps the skin for moisturizer.
you can't use a lot of the effective acne treatments when pregnant
i'd like to try the hydrating mask from this line now
caudalie's products don't contain parabens
i am acne prone
this is the only product that keeps me from getting hormonal breakouts
the purifying mask is great for targeting blemishes
it's detoxing my skin!
after exfoliating with caudalie's gentle buffing cream
the mask is super hydrating
it's difficult to find a moisturizing mask that doesn't break out my sensitive skin
it is so moisturizing i decided to buy the full size once i ran out
this is the most moisturizing thing i have ever put on my face
not the most powerful moisturizing mask i've tried
can be used as a moisturizer
this is a great moisturizing mask
it just moisturizes it
itchy during this spring allergy season
this mask is super moisturizing
then wash off use a serum
is so refreshing after rinsing off
replenishing for my skin
this mask is seriously moisturizing
i like to spray on the caudalie grape water before applying this mask
this serum lifts my your dull veil to reveal a brighter skin
after only a month using the serum my dark spots are at least 50% lighter
it is a moisturizing serum
it is a gel formula and lightweight.
still waiting to see how it works on whitening.
it has some hydrating ingredients
i would use one of those kbeauty moisturizing sheet masks for like $1
many clay masks also contain lots of glycerine
this mask has no acids in it
i am using acids in my toner
had to moisturize after using
more for the detoxifying of the skin
my skin is combo
i used an exfoliator first
i recommend moisturizing really well after using
mine is clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
the main smell is from the chia oil
it's not a chemically smell though
never thought i would use an oil for daytime moisturizing
although this facial oil is expensive
i layer this under my normal moisturizer to get rid of my annual winter scaliness
a foaming cleanser not sold at sephora
always wear a good sunscreen
like spreading a multivitamin on your face
my nars tinted moisturizer over it
she gave me three samples of moisturizers: first aid beauty ultra repair cream intense hydration
the other two didn't even come close to moisturizing my face as well as the flora does
i am hooked on oil moisturizers.
nothing i've tried is as moisturizing as this oil
this is the best oil/serum for normal/ dry skin especially those of us who want some help in the anti- aging dept
younger since i've been using this serum
and that's when i also layer my sunscreen on top.
i decided to use it as a layer moisturizer instead of a mask
which is a light moisturizer
while my dermatologist prescribed the gentlest
usually moisturizing products just leave my face oily as all heck
i used it as a moisturizer and left it on.
it feels more like aloe vera gel consistency
it did a great job at hydrating my dry skin after a chemical peel treatment
loved this super moisturizing mask.
the mask has a gel consistency
bought this as a recommendation from store sales associate when i asked for a moisturizing mask
it is very moisturizing
love this hydrating mask!
this hydrating mask helped my skin repair
i also use it for facial massage
including my stubborn waterproof mascara
they are herbal without smelling like medicine
got the clinique balm which is cheaper
i've used other cleansing oils
followed by a foaming cleanser
it is lightly fragrance
massage it into your skin
need cleansers that don't strip my skin of moisture
takes waterproof mascara off
followed by a creme cleanser
maybe i will try a light toner after the oil to rid of any excess coconut oil
then follow with my moisturizer
i love the smell of this one compared to it cosmetics cleansing oil
although i follow with another cleanser
after the oil cleanser
i've tried different oil cleansers before
unlike the boscia cleansing oils
i would recommend this over any of the boscia oil cleansers
use this in the shower first followed by a foam cleanser
gets every bit of (waterproof) mascara off!
all of your makeup including eyeliner
continue to massage my face forming a small lather
the oil is hydrating for my face
i do use it for eye makeup remover.
true believer in pond's cold creme to remove makeup
i used boscia's facial wash before
i love this cleanser.
perfect facial moisturizer for men with oily skin
i'd say that this is probably one of the better cleansing balms or oils on the market
knew it would have a strong herbal scent
i've tried different cleansing oils
the balm removes most of my make up beside waterproof mascara
if you double cleanse this is a great oil based cleanser to remove your makeup
i also love the smell it's very herbal.
when i'm lazy i love just using this then going in with an eye cream>serum>moisturizer then bed
here's why: applied cleansing oil to face
you rinse the cleansing oil
lotions to be able to look like i have balanced skin
i drink a gallon of water a day, too.
cuts my moisturizing routine in half
foaming cleansers used to leave my skin dry
i love that it also moisturizes
you cleanse your face
plus its free of mineral oils
feels like it cleanses while moisturizing at the same time
before my nighttime moisturizer
i love this cleansing oil!
its like a personal facial
i than follow with my belif witch hazel toner
i love cleansing my face with this product!
i love the clean smell of this cleansing balm versus the liquid oil makeup remover / cleanser that i was using in exactly the same manner previously
you need to rinse it off
it not greasy like other cleansing oils.
follow it with another cleanser
i kept trying many moisturizers
i tried a liquid oil cleanser by boscia which was fine
my skin is average to oily with hormonal breakouts
this is my new cleanser!
pairing with ole henriksen's advanced hydration lotion to really do the job
it smells like 'very strong clean laundry detergent
am always on the look out for a hydrating cleanser that al
i've dealt with many cleansers
massage it as an oil on your face
tried creams that were cheaper or creams that were popular
this is a great moisturizer for hydration!
i take care of my skin
i know my oil production is hormonal
i've used every oil-free mattifying lotion
this lotion however, is amazing.
somehow it's moisturizing as well
the bottle is huge compared to 'ladies' serum
i love this serum
layers well under moisturizer
(i apply a firming serum to my cheeks).
most of the serums at sephora are $50-$100 for one ounce
i follow this up with a lancome spf moisturizer
this vit c lotion is top notch
the creme is much nicer than the serum
the moisturizes, get this, really moisturizes!
very moisturizing for winter
my concealer goes on so well!
possibly the serum now
decided to try this after i tried the vitamin c serum
that build up of moisturizers
after trying this cleanser
remove the excess of sebum
night along with my clinique toner
love the lather of the product
since using this with my origin foam cleanser she
glycolic acid is exactly what my dehydrated clogged pores needed
my s:um37 miracle rose cleansing stick
massage it into my skin
i am not into moisturizing my skin after washing my face
has a little exfoliation to it
my two prescription creams
i do use the boscia bb tinted cream almost daily
i usually use the boscia black thermal cleanser
did wonders for blackheads
wouldn't suggest for dryer skin
need detoxification of their pores
off my prescription cream
that's why you moisturize!
the only cleansers you might not need to moisturize afterward is the "oil" type cleansers or stuff like the original cetaphil non-soap cleanser
i love this cleanser.
i love this cleanser.
i really like this product for facial cleansing.
has an herbal clean smell that does not remain after rinsing
there are small exfoliants in the cleanser
lather the cleanser all over my face
we follow with witch hazel and serum/lotion.
i think i'll stick with the liquid cleanser
it does clean just as well as the detoxifying black cleanser
prone to blackheads n acne
other exfoliators harm my skin.
will be adding this as weekly facial cleanser
anything i've tried with glycolic
this lotion helped me when heavy
i honestly thought it was a toner
super hydrating for all skin types
i actually do my normal moisturizing routine then i dot on my foundation
usually lotions i would try would over moisturize
this lotion in gel was the best solution
two pumps of the aqua gel
this gel gives my skin the hydration it needs
the night creams also hydrates
this product is 6 oz
the product comes out as a gel
before i put on serums
i don't generally choose gel lotions
this lightweight moisturizer is a secret double agent of my skin ritual
great as a light weight moisturizer
this gel moisturizer is so lightweight
i followed with a moisturizer then a powder foundation
use this lovely potion as a toner by using with exfoliating cotton rounds
super moisturizing but absorbs very quickly.
it dissolves into my skin easily just like a toner or an serum
don't like the weight of other oils
even after slathering on moisturizing cream at night
moisturizers make my face sticky
use this under moisturizer day & night.
i wear it instead of a moisturizer in the summer
it does a great job in smoothing/exfoliating my skin
you exfoliate with it
jart+ dermaclear micro milk peel followed by glamglow flashmud brightening treatment
peter thomas roth therapeutic sulfur masque acne treatment masque
i also use this with the hydrating glamglow
as well as a few moisturizers
this product is an exfoliating scrub
i apply the dermaclear micro milk peel with the exfoliating side of the pad
i don't immediately apply a moisturizer to my face except for immediately applying an eye serum only to my eyes
then i apply a very light oil free moisturizer
massage into the skin
definitely a staple in my skin regimen
such a great exfoliating mask too
find it great if you have acne because the exfoliating beads are fine
i love the exfoliating method of application also
the mask is a treatment
don't feel like it has any moisturizing properties
definitely my go to facial exfoliation!
i've taken the natural route of using baking soda
there's a nice exfoliator effect when cleansing off of the skin
this exfoliating mask smells so good!
the scent is like a mixture of cotton c
best exfoliating mask/treatment i've tried in years
this is a facial in a jar.
i wish it was more moisturizing
treatments for my acne scars
the exfoliating properties are also really good.
you exfoliate with it
the best part is it also exfoliates my face while giving it the brightening treatment
i am a bit of a tanning addict
it helped hydrate my skin also
i typically follow with the hydrating
it gently exfoliates the skin allowing the vitamin c to lighten tighten
you do need to wear a sunscreen after using this product
it’s like an exfoliating cream.
follow with my moisturizer
i usually get the sheets with the serums or a creamy moisturize type mask
you definitely will need to you still use your normal vitamin c serum
or if you've been using retinol cream
help my moisturizer absorb
still am a huge supporter of glycolic acid products
these wipes totally exfoliate my face.
i love that there is now large glycolic wipes
like a mild soap or cleanser before going for this wipe
i like to use coconut/argan wipes for makeup removal
the other for exfoliating
i adore these facial wipes!!
i used boscia exfoliating peel gel once
the glycolic is what's working
i love that it has an exfoliating side
i started using dr gross glycolic acid 2-step wipes
i never remember to exfoliate
then my night moisturizer
i used the exfoliating side first then the smooth side
used it after cleaning my face with micellar water
instead of as a makeup remover
because they work almost as an exfoliating facial
the exfoliating side works so well
glycolic/aha wipes for themselves
it's surprising that this is the first wipe i've seen that has glycolic acid
then followed with my daily spf moisturizer
i only applied mascara
this mask is a miracle in a sachet.
kale than get this
doesn't have oxybenzone because that irritates my skin
the moisturizer is lightweight
no brake outs which i get from some moisturizers with sunscreen
it exfoliates the skin
some on my chin that i tried to treat with acne serums
reduces my acne/redness
just one pump cleanses the skin
has an exfoliating feeling when you put it on
the exfoliation isn't harsh either.
has some mild exfoliating particles
this pairs great with the willow serum after.
the exfoliating beads are not too harsh
because i used to have the genzin moisturizer
skin concerns:- combo skin- acne- blackheads- dry patches/eczema
i exfoliate my skin.
i hydrate my skin.
only concealer over acne
it has exfoliating beads or something in it that feels like s
this mask helps exfoliating my skin in a gentle way
i tried various expensive moisturizers
that needs daily exfoliating
i've also got some acne including blackheads
i followed it up by using a serum
no need for toner
i love that it is also an exfoliating mask as i have such dry skin
my acne is gone
this detoxes my skin from blackheads
no crazy exfoliation required
to find a face mask that hydrates while also detoxifying
my skin is combination.
the exfoliating was just right
it's a 2 in 1 exfoliator and mask.
love this 2-in-1 product that exfoliates
i followed up with my serum
i follow the mask with a serum and moisturizer.
a acne fighter all in one mask
so my skin is sensitive to exfoliation
i get occasional dryness from the acne serums i'm using
just make sure you follow up with your favorite serum or moisturizer
i like that it's exfoliating to remove dead
has to be the lotion
there are exfoliating beads in this so you are supposed to use your h
sort of massage it off
it's great to moisturize my oily eczema rosacea sensitive skin
is ideal for a night out under makeup moisturizer
micro sparkles make this serum special
i put this on sparingly after serum than foundation
the only acne i have is hormonal acne on my chin
i tend to breakout when i use sunscreen
this is a perfect day wear moisturizer with a combination of both moisturizer
very moisturizing but not too heavy.
i've had a really hard time finding an anti-aging lotion with sunscreen meant for oily skin
great light sun protection for combination acne-prone skin
this is my go to moisturizer.
plus it has anti aging properties and sunscreen.
before using this moisturizer
i got this recommended after a facial
when i use acne medicated lotions my skin gets dry
after cleansing with murad time-release acne cleanser
i recently needed a new moisturizer with spf
nothing too light as it's not moisturizing enough
this is perfect for a day moisturizer.
this moisturizer is light
it's really moisturizing too when you put it on
the pomegranate mask is hydrating
my holy grail are the ginseng
the downside is that they aren't resealable
it claims to be ultra moisturizing
it helps with my acne
cooling quality and has a gel like texture.
the formula really calms down my hormonal breakouts
i cannot wait to try the pomegranate
my skin is combination
it could be good for moisturizing your skin
pearl one are ok they moisturize
recently i started having oily skin with hormonal acne
i usually use the josie maran argan oil
i loveee that these are gel
its so moisturizing that its worth it
the rose really hydrates my skin
i've tried a few of these gel masks
they have a gel texture
orchid bc my skin is also aging
use lactic acid/ha 5%
then moisturizer for eyes
i got the pomegranate one
one thing i think worth mentioning is the scent of the algae mask
moisturizing on your skin
really needed a lot of moisturizing
i've used the shiseido pureness matifying moisturizer for previous summers
this lotion is amazing
just a bit much for facial moisturizer
i like this moisturizer because i have oily/combination skin
this isn't super mattifying
love how light this lotion feels.
this moisturizer leaves me softer
use this one after my moisturizer
tried a different approach with a moisturizer
with this lotion i'm matte all day long
most moisturizer promise to be oil free
not dried out as some mattifying lotions do
i would say its definitely a daytime moisturizer.
i've tried cleansing oils from all br
i wear waterproof eye makeup
when i use it for any waterproof eye makeup
even waterproof sunscreen which is the toughest one to removed gently
this is the only thing that 100% removes my waterproof mascara
simple oil remover that i use before my cleanser
it felt so moisturizing on the skin
turned to lotion with water
including long wearing mascara formulas
she recommended me this oil as i was starting on my acne medication
massage it in it really helps to remove redness
takes off the liquid lipstick
i started oil cleansing
used julep's oil cleanser that i loved
even after i use a makeup remover oil
i used my toner after
i now believe in cleansing oil.
i love the oil cleanser
i love this cleansing oil!
i found that there's different thickness to cleansing oils
after a good facial massage
this cleansing oil is definitely similar to other cleansing oils ive used in the past
its a hydrating cleanser which is great for dry skin
then follow with a gel or foam cleanser to finish washing
then follow with my acne cleanser
then cleanse after with my foaming cleanser
i love this oil cleanser!!
then follow with the clinique exfoliating scrub
follow with a gentle cleanser
i love this cleansing oil.
even waterproof mascara at once
i am loyal to the double cleanse method using an oil cleanser first
this cleanser has been my holy grail
removes even waterproof mascara
i am in love with this oil cleanser.
this cleanser leaves my skin moisturized
add water to emulsify it
i love love love taking my makeup off with cleansing oils
even works on water proof mascara
i wash my face with an exfoliating cleanser afterwards
this is my all time favourite makeup remover!
except for waterproof eye makeup
like to use cleansing oil or creams to remove my eye makeup instead
it prepares my skin for the purifying cleaners
i love this cleansing oil.
took off all my makeup even waterproof mascara
i prefer oil cleansers over makeup wipes
it is super absorbent
i only use this on my eyes since i only wear waterproof liquid eyeliner
consider giving cleansing oils a try
i am a contact lens wearer
works amazing alone or with an exfoliating powder such as the tatcha
works great w concealer doesnt pill
it moisturizes and refreshes my under eye skin.
for this eye cream
the texture is aqueous.
the best eye cream to use before concealer.
i picked this product up because i loved the face serum
lotion products contain alcohol
i drink way too much diet coke
love this product as a brightening treatment
i noticed a difference in my skin from just a week of applying this serum
prior to this i was using a different estee serum
this is the very first serum i've used
this is not a facelift in a bottle nor is it an injectable filler
their serums have kept my skin looking youthful
i loved clarins sculpting serum
a product like this that has antioxidants
full of antioxidants so great for anti-aging benefits
this oil is great for moisturizing it without causing any breakouts
night along with the smart serum
it just seals all of my serums in
in the am, i use this before sunscreen.
hydrate the under eye
this eye cream is lightweight
moisturize the eye area
i've tried the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this seems to be moisturizing enough to keep the dry patches at bay
putting on a retinol treatment
it's a thicker cream than a regular lotion
this is my go-to moisturizer.
hypo-allergenic since i'm sensitive to smells
have had some allergic reactions to other non-clinique skin care br
highly recommend using it after the fresh teaberry moisturizing face oil
she was going through chemo treatment
i've used other intense face creams
including oils that you add to your face cream
this moisturized more than the lotion
as it irritates my skin when in a moisturizer
use the moisturizing cream over my night time serum instead
flakey skin after exfoliation
i found my moisturizer that lasts all day.
i originally used clinique's dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this is the perfect moisturizing cream to cure your dry skin
i've tried many many creams
it hydrates and lifts my skin.
combine that with a tree nut allergy
one thing i really like is compared to other dry skin formulas of facial moisturizer
its a good and emollient everyday moisturizer.
hydrating moisturizer that i could use together with serums in the evening
dramatically different moisturizing cream is perfect
it's very moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
clinique moisturizers have been a lifesaver!
no allergic reaction to this
now i use this moisturizer in the am
under my acne medication
decided to try a different moisturizer that included spf
it was a moisturizer i used in my 20s religiously
i used this for my winter moisturizer.
this is my go to moisturizer in the evening time because its a bit too thick to wear under my makeup i think which is okay because i use the regular moisturizing lotion during the day
love love love it, super moisturizing!
this moisturizer is everything!
i usually use the dramatically different moisturizing lotion throughout the winter with josie maran's argan oil
i love this moisturizer!
haven't had any problems until the moisturizing lotion changed formula
for a year i started using other moisturizers
formula that clinique has made in a moisturizer
it's soft, creamy, and moisturizing.
you must exfoliate your skin frequently.
use the products that are correct those that contain vitamin c aha
there is an enzyme released that destroys collagen
retinal decreased that enzyme 87%.
be patient use high quality ingredients in your moisturizers
post treatment after using the tree i found that ella vera gel helps very well as does many things i use collagen
using a moisturizing eye cream right after use helps alot
i've tried more eye creams
after i use korres night cream
a couple nights a week i use the origins moisturizing sleep mask
i add rens glycolic peel 2x a week
i don't think a body can build collagen in 3 weeks
so does needles if one were to get botox
vitamin c serum afterward.
i don't even need concealer!
if you are a "light eye gel or serum" type of person
i recommend heavy moisturizing.
use the cream afterwards.
organic aloe vera works well too
mixed in body lotion
then ad about 5 drops of the serum onto my face
this is my holy grail makeup product.
i mix it in with my moisturizer before bedtime
i typically put on my everyday moisturizer
my experience is specific to the lemongrass c+ formulation
i like using it by itself right before moisturizing in the morning
i got the lemon grass + vitamin c oil
one drop of this with concealer
i add a few drops of this with my ren calming gel cream
one drop for your lips before applying lipsticks ---> does amazing job
it blends beautifully with creams or lotions
i mix one drop with my moisturizer
c drops which i mix a few drops into my moisturizer morning
i mix this with korres after sun cooking gel
makeup forever moisturizing primer
mix a drop or two in my morning moisturizer
the sales associate recommended adding a few hydrating drops to my moisturizer
put a few drops of the cover fx hydrating oil on
i mix in a few drops with my moisturizer at night
i replaced my la prairie oil with this oil serum
this has been a miracle for my rosacea.
i mix it with my moisturizer
i add a drop to two to my acne cream at night
i now use these hydrating drops: 1-2 drops mixed in with my bb/foundation
this serum works great on my dry, sensitive skin!
i mix 2 drops with my daily moisturizer
right now i use the hydrating serum
i mix 1-2 drops with my primer or any face moisturizer
i like to mix 1-2 drops with my moisturizer before applying makeup
i also use it with my night time moisturizer
i add it to my nighttime moisturizer
lemongrass did not irritate my skin
i've mixed a couple drops with my serum
works with both dewy and matte formulas.
affordable compared to the other moisturizers i've used
this along with the cucumber detox face wash
gel mask is my new go to facial products
i love this moisturizer.
this is unscented and is truly a miracle product.
i also use the gel mask on top of the bouncy gel moisturizer
i am in love with this moisturizer!
soothing and moisturizing but amazingly light.
ter across my face as some moisturizers do
i've tried many many moisturizers
this hydrator has changed my skin!
along with a good daily moisturizer
this moisturizer is amazing for any skin type
it's so light, yet so moisturizing!
it was when i was using this moisturizer
the cucumber detox cleanser
this is my go to moisturizer
went to sephora for a refill of that product when i discovered this gel moisturizer
this gel isn't particularly moisturizing
this gel based moisturizer works perfectly
i've never loved a facial moisturizer this much
i've struggled with moisturizers as i have combination/oily skin
i love this moisturizer!
my primary care physician even asked me if i had gotten botox injections because my face was so smooth
highly recommend this gel moisturizer
the sephora expert went and got this lotion gel.
it may not be super moisturizing if your skin is severely burned
i've tried other gel formulas
love the texture of this moisturizer!
try the boscia sake balm
paired it with the purity cleanser too
some anti-aging ingredients
either alone or mixed with a tinted moisturizer for color coverage
this is my holy grail of daytime moisturizers
have been using sunscreen religiously since my late teens
i wanted a sunscreen that could do a little more
i used korres pine antiaging sunscreen for a bit
i prefer unscented products over products that smell good
this is my go-to daily moisturizer now.
i've tried other philosophy moisturizers
if you want a moisturizing product that has an spf
retinol in a day cream
topical washes/creams- it took a year not to feel itchy
the added spf is a bonus for my skin
not only did i not burn due to the sunscreen
i usually have a little sensitivity with sunscreens
this is my new go-to moisturizer
for an anti aging moisturizer
you can see the effects of continuous exfoliation
this moisturizer is perfect for oily/combo skin!
i also love that i can use it as a daytime moisturizer
i would recommend the clinique moisture intense for ultimate hydration
i am convinced that this is the perfect everyday moisturizer for oily skin types
after searching for something hydrating
this moisturizer has made my skin smoother
i can use this during the day under moisturizer
very hydrating and oil-free moisturizer.
this is moisturizing my face especially under foundation
the botanical ingredients in sake balm's natural ingredient blend sometimes possess slight differences
the moisturizer can be used as directed
this is so moisturizing without leaving you oily or greasy
i do know it's because of vitamin c
glycolic acid which are it's main ingredients
i usually suffer from hormonal acne
the sake was killing the acne bacteria on my skin
i layer sake balm over an oil serum morning
it is very soothing and moisturizing.
in the winter i used it as a serum
in the summer i use it as a moisturizer
not as a day moisturizer
was asked to test this moisturizer out based on smell
this not only is hydrating
the gel locks in the moisture.
this is a light weight moisturizer that is not oily
also used the exfoliating wash.
i think that any burning sensation mentioned in other reviews was probably a result of the glycolic acid high up on the ingredients
my only complaint is that this balm is not moisturizing enough on its own for my dry skin
it is in no way a toner
it is super hydrating.
i love this moisturizer.
depending on what i'm feeling that day with my serums
this moisturizer works well for my combination skin
have avoided using moisturizers
this moisturizer has made all the difference in my skin
just about to repurchase this moisturizer!
hydrating on the skin
now it is my holy grail moisturizer for the day time
i put this on after my toner
right before my sunscreen
this moisturizer is also an amazing base for makeup
pores under control yet is moisturizing
it mixes with oils
i do love the brightening properties of this gel
to get the hydration i need
), i have to use a lot of this gel.
plus the jar is not hygienic.
lots of allergies to some products
i saw a dermatologist was placedon cerave cleansers
feels very fresh and moisturizing!
wash it with the boscia cleaning gel
i do layer it with a vitamin e serum at night.
i tried all kinds of moisturizers
then a sales associate suggested i layer this product between my serum
since i started using this moisturizer i have been getting tones of compliments on my skin
i find that it does a super job of moisturizing
in combination with the treatment water- which is really a thin serum in my opinion
the lady recommended a moisturizer
she put this moisturizer on my face
when the product dries down it's not as moisturizing as the one previous one
moisturizing in the morning
my acne is all
i alternate these products with my retinoid every other night
it hydrates my skin
my daytime moisturizer is nurture me
the gel version of this
i wear a heavier moisturizing eye cream from another br
this cream is lightweight
this is super hydrating
it does feel like it moisturizers/hydrates as some other creams
proper diet can help with that
i wear eye makeup daily
s of dollars on eye creams
use the spf eye cream during the day
i didn't find it particularly moisturizing
no cream is a miracle cream
for reference i've used kiehl's avocado treatment
i like that is is moisturizing, but light weight.
i've tried other eye creams
i am still using the esteer lauder anr serum for night
i like jar packaging.
use the immortelle eye balm
my go to product for puffiness
l'occitane cream feels really moisturizing.
i guess the retinal cream has its contri
it is also very emollient which i love as i have dry skin
it is.very soothing, calming and moisturizing.
this is extra moisturizing
i want an eye cream that hydrates
which is a physical sunblock with zinc oxide that isn't moisturizing on its own
needs to be applied over moisturizer
which i used to use to minimize shininess from my moisturizer
it wears well under my mineral makeup
the texture of the cream is light weight
yet has a great moisturizing effect
does it really restore collagen like it claims?
it's a light unscented gel-textured eye cream
which i had to change my concealer for because the bare minerals powder i was using was kinda clotting up with this underneath------
this is one of the few eye creams i can use without an allergic reaction
l'occitane eye cream is what i needed.
i credit that to this eye cream
i like this cream
i like the apothecary jar
this product works for puffiness
its almost a liquid-y cream
i've tried other eye creams before
this eye cream provides the right amount of moisturizer
this is the only eye cream i know i'm not allergic to
moisturizes well without the oiliness
light-weight yet moisturizing
it is a good moisturizing eye cream.
can be combined with the l'occitane immortelle eye serum
this is moisturizing enough for aging eye yet not too heavy
as some other creams do
the immortelle eye balm is a keeper
very moisturizing and not greasy.
its a light, moisturizing cream.
use it as a night cream
this cream is very moisturizing without being too oily
was immediately impressed with how moisturizing it was
for my combination skin
i found it might be too moisturizing
i like their bath
this isn't a miracle cream
ultra moisturizing and comforting and soothing.
it is deeply moisturizing
the light scent doesn't trip off a migraine for me
prone to breakouts if i wear the same moisturizer 24/7
there are no longer parabens
which is basically vitamin a that is converted into the active form of retinoid in the epidermis
i've used many many high end creams/ serums like dior
i like to pick in a drop of jojoba oil.
nonabrasives-containing moisturizer i have encountered
i prefer the non-spf as i use precious cream as a daytime as well as a nighttime moisturizer
it is so moisturizing
this creme balances me out.
the toner of immortelle is great
i love this cream and the eye balm too.
most moisturizers are oily
it is very moisturizing with out feeling greasy
l"occitane is the only moisturizer i will use.
this is an intensive moisturizer
i love this moisturizer
this cream is not too emollient for normal skin
truly the best daytime sunscreen/moisturizer i have used
take lots of prescription meds
i layer laura mercier tinted moisturizer over this for great coverage
i started with l'occitane hand and body lotions.
i received a sample of this immortelle precious cream after purchasing a body lotion
some moisturizers irritate my skin
this moisturizer seems heavy at first
my skin is combination
after trying several other types of moisturizers
night as my all the time moisturizer
creams--not greasy just rejuvenating
my skin looks like i'm ten years younger as a result of this in combo with the immortelle elixir
i love this mask / cleanser.
it has helped moisturize my skin
red stress acne i had
i love these trans-foam clays.
it washes off in the shower like a normal face cleanser
i suggest a moisturizer after if your like me
i love the concept of a cleanser
whenever i go overboard on moisturizing
some belief cleansing water
this isn't my #1 cleanser or face mask
i've used fab skin rescue daily face cream
this one is very moisturizing
you need a good amount of water to hydrate this masque into a lather after it dries
exfoliates the skin while giving s touch of moisture
thought i'd give this one a try because it says it's moisturizing
these are super hydrating on my skin.
it turns into a cleanser
if you moisturizer after use
might prefer the fresh soy cleanser in the dead of winter
all time favourites are origins pink clay caudalie detox mask
i love these foaming clay cleansers!
love the clay mask to cleanser effect.
a purifying one at night
i will use this as a cleanser
i really enjoy using these clay foams.
these mask packs are subtle yet so moisturizing after
i experience the acne to show for it
goodbye, drug store cleansers.
i also like that it is paraben free
i also applied my regular moisturizer after.
the pink one is moisturizing
i like the pink the best as it is moisturizing
it turns into a foaming cleanser
i actually used the calming mask the morning after a glycolic treatment to soothe the redness
i moisturize with the ceramidin cream after
my current favorite is the pink moisturizing one
i don't really wear eyeshadow
a moisturizer afterwards takes care of that
it cleanses my skin without stripping it of it's natural oils
a couple of days a week supplement with a benzoyl peroxide cream cleanser
the derm has me on a retinoids/benzoyl peroxide cream
this cleanser is alcohol free
hormonal pimples are reduced after a week of using micro water + micro foam cleanser
helps with acne and redness which is great.
i love this cleanser.
the serum itself is very hydrating
i put this on over my moisturizer
this is a good serum to use for day under sunscreen
i've wanted to try this serum
applying moisturizer after it soaks in
then i apply the tatcha indigo soothing triple recovery moisturizer
this serum has a thicker consistency than typical serums
i don't think i will ever use a different serum
i am hooked and highly suggest this serum.
after with this serum although i i've never been a big believer in the whole serum concept
i tried serum foundations that wrecked my combo skin
this product has more of a gel-like consistency than liquidy that i'm used to with a lot of serums
my skin is just drinking in the hydration
the combination of the serum
this serum is so stunning
the texture is gel like
the serum balances my skin well
this serum is so hydrating
acne prone skin would not react particularly well with a serum that is desinged to "hydrate"
this serum does help to control my oily skin
this is the best serum i've tried in a while.
this serum is very moisturizing
there is a fair amount of glycerin in this product
i love this serum
always on the lookout for a good wrinkle serum
this serum is great!
this serum is a go-to favorite
i love this serum
i love the serum
after about a month of using this serum every night before bed
i love how i can apply this serum all over my face
i love this serum
this serum erased her fine lines
this paired with the josie maran milk moisturizer is perfect for my skin in the winter
love all the algenist serums
it's the same packaging as their microalgae oil
this serum is just too thick for a dropper
"facelift" that lasts all day
t which was supposed to mimic botox
followed by the sk-ii cellumination mask-in lotion which is a bit more "milky
their retin lifting product
i will say that it is odorless
the serum goes on easily
i cleanser with the genius melting cleanser after work to remove makeup
then follow with this power serum
a sales associate recommended this with the honey salve
my mild gm collins oxygen cleanser
more liquid-y than gel
this is a gel-like moisturizer.
it does its job in moisturizing
i tried this moisturizer
this popped up as a moisturizing cream while i was searching for a new moisturizer on the sephora site
double bonus for its formulation without parabens
second it is soap free detergent free
no need for toner
moisturizing and absorbs quickly into the skin.
this moisturizer is the best moisturizer that has suited my skin
i love this moisturizer.
i used it before bedtime
the moisturizing function is perfect for combination young skin in the fall
the gal at sephora recommended this product for puffiness under eyes
this is an anti aging moisturizer.
also moisturizer that lasts
it is a good moisturizer for the eye area
this product isn't advertised as a wrinkle remover
really excellent facial moisturizer.
i've also use the eye cream and night cream.
i'll only use paraben/sulfate free products so my options are a bit more limited
i don't have rosacea
i explained the free facial
who is an allergy doctor
finally a pricey low-dose antibiotic
the antibiotic was the only thing that worked
i tried the clinique rosacea products with no success
i think it is worth a try for rosacea sufferers
i love this serum!!!
my skin loves this serum!
even sensitivity to other facial products
i also always team it with the replenishing gel cream
this serum is by far my #1 favourite
it soothes the redness before i apply my makeup.
every time i use this serum
including the redness calming creme from first aid beauty
as one of the ingredients is alcohol
i've tried laser at the dermatologist.
always apply moisturizer after
use a good moisturizer with it
moisturizer in the same line
he was quick to recommend ren anti-redness serum
e this only to the ren serum
i highly recommend the use of this serum
i think this serum plus the ren calming moisturizer have helped a lot considering how i used to suffer
this serum is very smoothing like a primer
the serum has noticeably reduced my skin redness.
then i'll use my acne medication
instantly moisturizes my skin
i also use topical acne cream that tends to irritate
this serum has been a great help to me as i dot the medication on my face
then blend it together with the serum
i went to the derm
for awhile i had been using mirvaso prescription gel to combat the redness
is just the perfect serum
this cleanser does a great job removing all the impurities from my skin
good low lather cleanser that works wonders when paired with lancer products
i love this cleanser.
still at 35 i have acne
it has beads in it, but not really exfoliating.
i love this cleanser.
love this moisturizer it's light
the perfect everyday moisturizer.
very moisturizing without any oil slick
the nourish with adding the lancer sunscreen over it protects me from the aging process
i got this moisturizer as a part of the method 3 steps regimen
slather it on my h
i love this moisturizer!
i didn't find it that moisturizing or hydrating
this glycolic serum is freaking amazing!!
it has converted me into a firm believer in the method: i'd been shopping around for a glycolic serum for a while
was recommended drunk elephants framboos night serum
lancer's glycolic cream is amazing.
the reviewer said to alternate a glycolic acid like this one with a lactic acid
i've gotten comments such as: have you been getting botox
i've tried tons of serums to help my texture
at night i use a murad retinol serum
follow with lancer nourish moisturizer
have been previously using perscription creams from dermatologists
applied before my moisturizer
paired with the radiance vitamin c cream in the mornings
now i use it every morning before my regular moisturizing routine
lancer is my dermatologist
glycolic acid should be in everyone's regime.
for nighttime i mix it in woth a little chanel le lift eye serum
moisturizing but not greasy.
this is a pricey eye cream
it's very rich and moisturizing.
this eye cream is outst
it's best to use this product with the glycolic acid cream by dr
the sales women recommended i add this to my regimen
this vitamin c cream is the best for me.
the gel-cream texture doesn't leave a layer under my makeup
i love this moisturizer!
it moisturizers the perfect amount
i swear by this moisturizer!
purchased both the micro foam cleanser
very moisturizing as well.
i liked the ceramide cream
calms and soothes my rosacea.
almost medicinal on the skin
this is my hg daytime moisturizer for life!
i am so in love with this gel cream!
the next best moisturizer i've found that works well for my skin type is clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
patchy with dryness despite moisturizing everyday with cheaper drug store face lotions
i always use sunscreen
the nice esthetician at sephora recommended dr jart gel cream after washing my face with kate somerville goat milk cleanser
the gel instantly hydrates
i applied it to my combo skin
i think this will make a good spring/summer moisturizer under sunscreen
decided to ask for advice on face lotion
i pair it with a serum
as i would any other moisturizer
the ceramides keep my skin moisturized
this gel cream moisturizes without being too heavy
then i go ovet with this gel cream
i love this moisturizer.
it's more moisturizing which i love
this gel cream at night
this moisturizer has a r
i will try another moisturizer after this jar is done
i can get around this by layering a moisturizing bb cream or tinted moisturizer on top
when first looking at this cream/gel
i am using over serums
as night time moisturizer
the serum does not seem to be hydrating enough for me
this serum absorbs quickly
night with the matching eye serum
decided to try the serum
i used the serum alone both times
it is very moisturizing yet does not leave residue
2 pumps as cleansing toner at night
use the sephora collection moisturizing cream
after using either my first aid beauty milk or clinique balm as my first cleanse
i'll stick with my bioderma cleanser
the night cleanser during the vib sale
bought the korres greek yogurt cleanser since it was cheaper
use the sephora collection moisturizing cream
though i have outbreaks with eczema
also have to use a acne cleanser
the moment i started using these cleansers
while this cleanser is not advertised as being for acne
most other hydrating face masks i use break me out
a started to use this as a nighttime moisturizer
i applied argan oil to my face
my skin was in desperate need of a drink of hydration
flaky from an acne prescription i got from doctor that was excellent
prior to my tinted mosterizer or at night before my night time beauty creams
i did exfoliate before
this is oil free hydration
i did exfoliate before using this
in sodium hyaluronate form
it's marketed as a detox mask
most detox masks irritate my skin
i like how it moisturizes
it actually moisturizes all day
i love this moisturizer under foundation.
how moisturizing it is
the serum for travel
searched for the perfect moisturizer
the skin dew spray
it worked well with my serum
has no silicone or carmine
i love it for a morning moisturizer before makeup
it will be a good addition to your daily routine if you already have sunscreen in your foundation
i found this moisturizer amazing
i do use porefessional after moisturizing
this is an amazing moisturizer day
moisturizing to layer over my drying acne or retinol products
definitely does its job moisturizing your skin
i already tried a bunch of moisturizers
calms the redness on my face that i get from topical acne medication
i got a travel size of this moisturizer
however i exfoliate my face well
i love this moisturizer.
wears good under see my sunscreen
this moisturizer has been amazing
it's so perfectly moisturizing
i add the cream
this moisturizer is amazing.
for it to work the wonders that it can you need to exfoliate
it's a must with this moisturizer.
for my daily routine i exfoliate with laura mercier's flawless skin face polish followed by this moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
my estée lauder anti aging cream at night
test many skin moisturizer
i massage it in
after 10 days of using this moisturizer my skin is more hydrated
i love how it has natural ingredients
finally moisturize with this at night
this is a perfect lite weight moisturizer.
this purifying cleanser leaves my face feeling amazing
other skin irritating ingredients
it wasn't moisturizing enough for my dry cheeks
i love this moisturizer.
makes a great base layer for the tinted moisturizer i use as foundation
have found few moisturizers that i can use for both
super effective, amazing moisturizer.
it's actually very moisturizing
i got a deluxe sample of the firming sleeping moisturizer
same with the nighttime moisturizer.
almost oil-like potion
this moisturizer is amazing
less chemicals in my facial products
this moisturizer is light- leaves my skin firm
after getting a facial with a clarins rep
i decided to purchase this perfection serum
this serum was exactly the boost my skin care routine needed
it's the perfect companion for my retinol moisturizer
this serum is truly perfect.
the redness of my acne
when i run out of my other serum i will purchase a bottle of this
bobbi brown hydrating eye cream
this light weight serum has significantly reduced redness in my skin as well as fade acne scars
all because of this serum.
however this serum works wonder on me
i also love the smell and texture of this serum.
i noticed my sun spots were lighter in just the use of a couple sample packs of the mission perfection serum
i mix it into my moisturizer to prep my skin before makeup
i like to use it as a serum right before my night cream
only has hormonal breakouts
that i mix in with the clinique lotion
my skin is combination
multi-nutritive oil delivers a powerful punch of botanical blends
if your skin is acne prone
this cleanser actually calms my skin
found i preferred it over liquid facial cleansers
this soap is light fragranced
i am willing to ditch all my other facial cleansers
i've tried everything including antibiotics
this soap is a miracle.
i love using this like a cleansing oil.
i follow up with some serums
their orchid facial oil
i feel i need something a little more moisturizing on my face
the soap itself is much more moisturizing than other regular br
it's not so moisturizing that i don't need a moisturizer afterwards though
put on toner/moisturizer right after
the soaps are free of glycerin which i won't use
no harsh fragrances or artificial dyes
i started using the herbivore botanicals pink clay soap
they are all herbivore botanicals
a $12 facial soap is really reasonable.
this soap is both!
herbivore botanicals soap is the only one i use
i've used other blue tansy products
as i'm trying to not use salicylic acid
my skin is smoother after a few days of use in combination with biossance's vitamin c rose oil
oil from herb now
my toner i make myself
now that i've tried this facial oil i will never go back to moisturizers
you can also layer it under a moisturizer of sunscreen without feeling like your face is covered in products
the top ingredients that herbivore uses in their oils
it mostly smells like vitamins
acne-prone skin for about a week
some of these oils are greasy
night with no other moisturizer
my hormones went nuts
i also use their moonfruit treatment as my evening moisturizer
my past experience with moisturizers/oils usually leaves me hydrated
am a lover of facial oils
i don't have acne
bought both of there serums
the sr oils are all very viscose
i now want to try more blue tansy products
usually i use a diy oil moisturizer-- grapeseed
acne prone combination skin
my dermatologist suggested the coconut oil in this product could be making my acne worse
i would still recommend the lapis oil to anyone who won't break out from the fractionated coconut oil
i mix 5-6 drops with my moisturizer both night
i found that it's soothing on the skin after a facial or glycolic peel due to the azulene element
rose coconut spray as well
i began my love of serums with caudalie's detox oil-
i've tried a few other facial oils
never going back to synthetic creams!
it does a great job moisturizing my face
the other two facial oils from herbivore
my skin is combination
this lapis facial oil has balanced my skin by reducing redness
which is what traditional acne/ oily skin products do
i started using facial oils as my daily moisturizer a little over a year ago
short of using a mattifying product containing silicones
i think i can ditch my usual salicylic acid treatment + moisturizer
it's almost a mini aromatherapy session for me!
i love herbivore botanicals
my skin is combination
i did not think facial oils were for me
after some time of using i found that the vitamin c serum made me break out
normally moisturizers/oils make me break out like crazy
i've used several facial oils over the years
this facial oil is seriously amazing for acne prone skin
helps prevent post acne hyper pigmentation
i really enjoyed this facial oil.
recently i have gotten rid of all products in my skincare/body regimen that contain harmful/toxic chemicals/ingredients
the main ingredient is also blue tansy.
it's moisturizing enough but not too greasy.
as i have acne-prone
after seeing positive reviews about herbivores i decided to give the mask / toner a try
it both hydrates your skin while keeping sebum
the jojoba oil moisturizes
i really like the rollerball applicator
the smell was very medicinal
i ordered this lapis oil as well as the rose coconut facial spray
thanks to the jojoba oil in this
this facial oil warrants it
ful of facial oils i've tried
fantastic with my hormonal acne
found herbivore botanicals a few years ago
massage the oil into your skin
when i use this oil during the day i use it as a moisturizer
hyper pigmentation life saver
cover with my favourite hydrating cream
i drop a few drops of this with my regular moisturizing cream
this facial oil is my holy grail!
that same rule goes for the shampoos you use
dont waste the product in your fingers-use a toner after you cleanse
i add it to my sunscreen
moisturizer in the mornings
this has been the best combo for my skin for moisturizing
i recently purchased herbivore's blue tansy mask
i usually pat this over the caudalié detox night oil
than a product packed with fillers like fragrance
save my skin while seasonal allergy days.
it moisturizes and nourishes the skin.
my skin was begging for hydration
thanks to the sea buckthorn oil which is a natural retinoid
i used it today to replace my usual moisturizer
these oils from herbivore botanicals are amazing!
i love the natural ingredients
the oil is moisturizing
this is the moisturizer you want
there's no artificial dyes
fragrances or chemicals that would irratate sensitive skin
this facial oil is great.
serum + another oil under it
the phoenix oil is the most hydrating of the three herbivore oils
this facial oil is everything.
the ingredients list mentions capric triglycerides
saw that it's actually fractionated coconut oil
i follow with a serum
layering a few drops over my moisturizer before bed
the herbivore oils are pricey
decided to switch it to my daytime moisturizer
they are so moisturizing
this caused no breakouts while completely moisturizing my skin
the ingredients are natural
finish off with my sunscreen
i love the scent of this facial oil.
do yourself a favor and buy this facial oil.
without the use of toxic additives
mildly exfoliate the skin
i am a true believer in herbivore botanicals
it's a combo of poor sleep and acne meds.
i don't have acne
it is a great at exfoliating
lotions all recommended by sephora reps
this mask works miracles.
bought the charcoal soap
love the gel consistency
it's also helped my serums
exfoliates all in one punch
it's also been great at calming my hormonal acne.
has an herbal/medicinal scent which i have no problem with
i do wear sunscreen daily to ensure that my skin isnt damaged or will reverse the work of the mask
exfoliating cleanser the next morning
peels really help with my adult acne!
avid user of glycolic products
it was just a gel mask
this is a really good exfoliating mask.
i really didnt know what to think a scrub with blue tanzanite in it would be like
additionally the formula has acids in it that exfoliate even more
this is a staple exfoliating mask for me.
acne pigmentation on my combination/sensitive skin
i've tried so many products over the last year that haven't helped my hormonal acne
this is a little medicinal smelling
i discovered that you need chemical exfoliation to clear these up
because of the natural ingredients
in addition to vitamin c products
i exchanged the good genes lactic acid treatment for this mask yesterday
the scent is medicinal
i followed with my serum and moisturizer.
after my usual morning routine of serum
it helped my blackheads
cystic acne skin with rosacea
the smell is very herbal
it's a wonderful vitamin c serum
something about the exfoliation of this product is perfect for my sensitive dry skin
maybe a slight tingle from the aha/bha for chemical exfoliation
ive been experiencing hormonal acne for the last six months
i went in for my monthly facial
only used my brightening serums
if you want brightening only you should try lactic acid or alpha ar
the smell is slightly medicinal
rose spray form herbivore
plus, it's super moisturizing and light weight!
one of the most hydrating eye creams i've ever used
moisturizing and doesn't cake concealer.
this is the most hydrating
natural eye cream i've found
moisturizing for the eye area
which of course makes concealer
hydrating for the eye area
in combination with the root serum
echinacea is a godsend plant that i recommend using on an antibiotic-type schedule
i recommend drunk elephant b-hydra hydration gel
it hydrates and is for all skin types.
i've tried a number of eye creams from clinique
it's very soothing and moisturizing.
the thing i liked best about this cream was how moisturizing it was
i mostly use this in my nighttime skin care regimen
really moisturizes my undereye area
it works great under concealer
i found my new favourite moisturizer
as i finally found an effective moisturizing eye cream that's not $100+
very impressed with the echinacea ingredient to activate cell turnover
puffiness i experience almost daily
eye dew is totally hypoallergenic for me.
great eye cream especially under concealer.
it's moisturizing but not too greasy.
concealer also stay put on this
it can compares to kiehl's avocado eye cream
before my moisturizer at night
it is also a great base for my concealer during the day
years of different eye creams
it's not the best moisturizing eye cream
using eye cream religiously for at least 10 years as preventative measure
i don't like heavy eye creams
i always react to anti-aging/restorative products
i love this cleanser.
i do use this as a companion product for the first aid beauty eye balm
which i use for hydration
it sits well under my concealer
i look for a natural product that provides moisturization
it helps moisturize the skin around my eyes
i especially appreciate that it is unscented
when it comes to finding an eye cream that works to hydrate
makes concealer go on smoother
i am using less foundation and concealer.
i just bought my third bottle of this serum
i feel like i'm warding off aging with the antioxidant protection
i will buy this anti-aging serum forever
i will never buy another anti-aging serum again.
thisis the 2nd serum i have used.
and wow did i fall in love with this serum!
this serum really made a difference in my skin
it almost forces me to use more serum than i want to
2 nights ago i tried this serum with the sleep tight
i honestly think this serum
while trying this serum out i cleansed with micellar water
applied a sunscreen after the serum
i don't know if it's the serum
i started adding this serum to the ceramidin lotion
glowing with the addition of this serum to my routine
which contains bad for all skin fragrance
which is what i want a good serum to do
i really love this serum.
its anti-inflammatory properties help with redness
have noticed all my time spent worshipping the sun without sunscreen
it is very concentrated yet light weight serum that preps my skin with amazing texture
i do use a moisturizer
a night cream after because this is a serum
i really love this serum
bought this when i returned the korres black pine serum
i feel that this serum really primes your skin for a moisturizer which i love
found this product in my search for serums with hyaluronic acid
i still use a moisturizer after
in the morning before moisturizer
i think this seems to have an anti-inflammatory effect without any "detox" period that some serums have
whenever i've tried serums in the past
this is the only serum that has reacted positively with me skin
i put this serum on under tarte maracuja oil
this serum has made a remarkable difference in my skin
i've found my new favorite serum.
this moisturizer is so light-weight yet creamy
be sure to use sunscreen with this product
avoid anything with niacinamide
this is one of the best vitamin c serums out there
the serums orange not because the vitamin c oxidized
use the b-hydra intense hydration gel
then use my c-firma day serum
then for night i use tlc framboos glycolic night serum followed by the virgin marula luxury facial oil
i took a chance on this serum
so this serum works wonders.
i've used a lot of high end vitamin c serums over the past 20 years
i've tried a variety of vitamin c serums
paired with the b serum
i will never use another daytime serum other than this
this is the only vitamin c serum i will ever use!
it's not automatic results you need to build up vitamin c
know that vitamin c has unstable ingredients
it's the pure vitamin c and ferulic acid.
i can say that it was a splurge for a vitamin c product
the vitamin c is there
vitamin c tends to be an unstable ingredient
i love that this has a high percentage of vitamin c
've been using the clinique "fresh squeezed" vitamin c for a bit
you get absurdly fresh serum
from what i've learned vitamin c with a color is oxidized
this serum is great!
i like the smell as of this serum as well.
after i apply this serum i let it dry before putting on my moisturizer that contains spf
i reapply spf throughout the day with the ptr translucent powder
the bottle doesn't mention using this after toner
this in conjunction with the night serum has made my redness really go down
framboos at night = magic potion
after using the night serum along with the c-firma day serum
true vitamin c is not supposed to smell good
we often associate vitamin c with citrus fruit
however usually when a skincare vitamin c product smells like oranges
it's due to perfume or essential oils
the serum is lightweight
sits well under my moisturizer
this serum is expensive
i also use the tlc night serum
they even wrote about how in their one glycolic product
then quickly tap the serum in before moisturizer
just pay attention to how your serum looks
it should be a light clear serum with a touch of orange to it
but, this vitamin c serum worked like a charm.
i think that's because of the high vitamin c concentrate
great product, i truly recommend this serum.
i tried other c serums because i had read a bunch of reviews about de serum turning color
the smell to me is a tad medicinal
i don't really have a place for it in my routine since i'm already using a facial oil as a serum
i am in love with this serum.
when my esthetician told me that the $15 amazon vitamin c wasn't doing anything for my skin
it's packed with all the ingredients that you would want in a serum
i apply it every morning before my moisturizer
the first is the reservoir effect of the serum
after i wash my face i use one pump of this then two pumps of the b hydra serum
love love love how my skin responds to this serum
this serum is amazing (as is everything from de).
vitamin c serum as i noticed my skin wasn't behaving the same after prolonged use of truth serum by ole
gentle serum to use under makeup
some people say that the smell of the serum is overpowering
firma in the morning after toning with glycolic acid
the smell of the serum is a little strange
ladies in your 20s, you need this day serum!
vitamin c has really helped them fade.
i apply my moisturizer
i do not have that problem with this serum
i think both products are rather moisturizing
i didn't know anything about serums or oils
tlc night serum have tremendously improved my skin
it is perfect under their moisturizer!
i mix this with the b-hydra intensive hydration gel
it's actually quite hydrating for a vitamin c serum- most typically make my face dry
i mix with the de marula oil
when i first started using this serum
i think my skin just needed some time to get used to the potent amount of vitamin c in this product
i can confidently say this serum has not only helped minimize some of the redness from my past acne marks
this serum has definitely helped my undereye area look more rejuvenated over time
which i layer under moisturizer
it feels like giving my skin a multivitamin at the start of the day
i used as my treatment product at night even though it's called a day serum
it's completely unscented which i can appreciate
i don't know if that is from the day or the night serum
i can highly recommend this vitamin c!
as l-ascorbic acid should be
my face breaks out from any kind of fragrance or essential oils
was pleased to find a vitamin c product that excluded those ingredients
this is the most effective vitamin c product that i have come across
i will likely purchase the de sunscreen
hormonal/stress pimples between my eyebrows
only concealer to help cover spots
when i use this serum regularly
this product was recommended to me by my dermatologist
i know that vitamin c is naturally sticky
i know that good quality vitamin c with ferulic acid
so does my dermatologist
this serum honestly takes the dullness out of my face
this serum and the marula oil are my holy grail.
b hydra gel followed by light primer
i'd never before used vitamin c on my face
my normal routine prior to this was cleanse/exfoliate
i like this serum a lot
vitamin c serum that i'm aware of
to me, this is de's best serum.
what makes this product so unique compared to other vitamin c's on the market is the packaging
even toned as this serum
a lot of vitamin c serums would irritate my skin to no end
i knew that my skin needed vitamin c due to years of sun exposure
other vitamin c serums i've tried have been way too sticky
this serum really has helped even out my skin tone
this is my favorite serum.
at night i use the glycolic serum with the pink
apply this serum all over my face
this is the best vitamin c serum i have ever tried
works at lightening my hyper pigmentation.
i apply either a plain moisturizer
then top it with a spray sunscreen or use a lotion with sunscreen
great as a daily moisturizer.
if you tend to have dryer skin i would recommend this as a part of your daily routine before moisturizer
i get a lot of moisturizer samples
if i use a heavy moisturizer
they advertise this as a moisturizer/primer
i love this moisturizer!
i love this moisturizer.
it is a light weight moisturizer
especially some gel moisturizers from clinique
at first i was hesitant because gel moisturizers usually aren't moisturizing enough for my dry skin
this one is sooooo moisturizing
i don't use this as a moisturizer
i put it on before my moisturizer
i got this moisturizer in my sephora play!
it's perfect under makeup for a daytime moisturizer
is hydrating if you lather a ton on
i like the gel texture
the key is not overusing it since it's a gel/moisturizer base
t vitamin c drops for anti-aging
got this bamboo gel for mom
moisturizing to use as lifting serum for wrinkle reducer device
really like this for my nighttime moisturizer
im currently using this moisturizer in conjunction with the erborian foaming cleanser
it helps sooth the redness
i apply moisturizer anyways
the shaving cream/mousse-esque consistency is definitely a plus as well
love the shaving cream texture.
because it worked as well as any exfoliating cleanser for cleaning my large ones
it's like washing your face with shaving cream
that i'd get a drugstore cleanser
i used up all my egg mousse soap
daily cleanser for normal skin
it takes off my mascara
i really like the texture of the foam in this cleanser
have used tons and tons of cleansers.
when i use this cleanser
a very light egg mousse soap facial cleanser.
it does feel like shaving cream
prep your skin for whatever toner or moisturizer you use next
it not only has the consistency of shaving cream
also the smell of shaving cream
the product comes out in a shaving cream like consistency
i recommend an oil or balm
i needed a new cleanser
this cleanser doesn't lather
you massage the product into your skin
i enjoy using this as a face wash on days that i don't exfoliate
i love the shaving cream texture
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser!
i love this cleanser.
with water it has a shaving cream feel to it.
it has the texture of shaving cream
/or sunscreen you need something oil based to take that stuff off
i massage the cleanser in until it absorbs into my skin
this is a basic cleanser.
i love the shaving cream texture!
i like to use a basic cleanser
leave the heavy duty work to my serums
sn: i do use a makeup remover before using this
i always use a makeup remover first before any cleanser i've used
i wouldn't say it's moisturizing
blotchy like most cleansers i have
i've used this as the foam cleanser part of my double cleansing routine
moisturizing in a way i've never felt from any cleanser before
other than that i think this cleanser is a very light cleanser
feel like shaving cream
this cleanser works for me
for those who think this is a make up remover/cleanser
i always use a toner
this is definitely not a makeup remover cleanser.
note that this product is not a makeup remover.
i remove my makeup with makeup remover wipes before using this product
it was paired with a oil balm makeup remover
this cleanser is perfection
remove your makeup with an oil cleanse
this product is not a makeup remover- it is a cleanser
right before i apply serum
my new skin care regimen
before toner/the rest of my routine
i like to apply it after a gentle exfoliating mask
this mousse pack is a great way to meet that need
it doesn't moisturize my skin
moisturizer after using this
exfoliate before using this
like many foaming cleansers tend to be
it's like your applying a luxurious shaving cream to your face
used my regular routine of facial oil
it is a great purifying treatment is place of a clay-based mask
yes, but solely as an eye and neck serum.
i've only been using this serum for 2 weeks
no need for a primer just follow with the resveratrol lift spf
this serum is amazing
it's the perfect all in one serum.
i love this serum.
i've tried a lot of expensive serums.
so have been experimenting with a lot of firming serums
recently started using this serum.
this serum is special.
i concentrate this serum along with the caudalie resveratrol night cream under my left eye
the serum works and does exactly what is says!
the serum did lift
i am a skin care junkie searching for the perfect anti aging products
it's truly a miracle serum
then you should get caudalie resveratrol
she loves this more than her 200 dollar face serum that she purchases from her dermatologist
it is a thicker serum but not heavy at all.
i love how lightweight this serum is
moisturizing without any residue
i like the packaging this is more hygienic than jars which most eye creams come contained in
full disclosure: i love caudalie moisturizers.
zitty skin loves their moisturizers
i spent months trying eye creams
i need less concealer
my concealer looks flawless
la mer lifting eye serum
this eye balm is the bomb!
it also does pill at all under the concealer i use
this balm is hydrating
i've tried many eye creams
hydrates my eye area
using it in my toiletry bag
"recommended" eye serums in the same price range
i loved my old dermadoctor eye cream because it was so moisturizing without irritating my sensitive skin
this cream is not as hydrating
contain retinol or vitamin c are just too strong for daywear
i don't mind these regimens
it's moisturizing enough to wear overnight
during the day i use sunscreen
told me it was a miracle serum
this serum is hella pricey
i've had regular micro dermabrasion treatments
i apply this all over my face after toner
i've gotten things from my dermatologist
a sunscreen this will work long term
this product is meant to lighten pigment.
if you're will to give this serum a shot
this serum does the trick.
i am on my second bottle of this serum
use broad spectrum sunscreen
a vitamin c serum in the morning
less irritation than any prescription or otc product that i have used
this serum is very effective in lightening dark spots
you must always use sunscreen at all times
it contains hydroquinone which is a very effective ingredient that lightens spots
this serum really goes a long way
i've had hormonal acne for years
i put the serum on the spot only
almost every morning with their sunscreen
this serum literally works overnight!
i've worn sunscreen religiously since my youth
is that you can't use hydroquinone for long periods of time
i used this serum as i have skin pigmentation due to sun burns
decided to buy this serum to even out my skin
this serum does what it says.
i read online that long term use of hydroquinone acid
i love this serum.
my hyperpigmentation is almost gone
i often have a problem with bad reactions to products that contain vitamin c
decided to try a travel size of the serum
especially the nights i use the cleanser
this serum is a life saver
this serum really does
during the day i use "the truth serum vitamin c collagen booster" by ole henriksen
i let the formula set before applying moisturizer
this serum is a miracle because i've seen results in less than a week
my concern is dark spots from tanning.
i can use a minimal coverage cc cream without concealer
i can't speak to how hydrating it is as i put on moisturizer afterwards
with this serum it helped so much
this serum has worked wonders for my skin.
i recommend this serum if your trying to lighten
every time i have come back to this serum
concealer in such a short time
just in my pigmented area
the serum is moisturizing
this serum helped lighten almost all of them
usually use a 9% hydroquinone cream which burns my spots before it removes them
hyper pigmentation from breakouts
i think it's due to hormonal changes.
i tried a lot of skin lightening creams.
followed by the moisturizer
it's a great make-up remover, cleanser & toner.
always follow up with sunscreen
like of course most exfoliating cleanser you have to moisturing your skin afterwards
discovered chemical exfoliants could help
an sa recommended the murad aha/bha exfoliating cleanser
it's a great face exfoliating cleanser too.
learned that it is indeed possible to banish hormonal acne with otc products
you need to use a clarifying cleanser alcohol free toner treatment lock in that treatment with a light moisturizer
finish with sunscreen when exposing skin to uv
hormonal/stressed induced acne prone skin
it's also helped make the hormonal acne less severe
i got a small sampler from sephora of this cleanser plus the collagen infusion
baby facial) and i don't breakout ever!!
i also switch off between ptr retinol one night
it exfoliates your skin
the murad exfoliating beads are tiny
i even tried strong prescriptions from my dermatologist
follow with a moisturizing serum
i get hormonal breakouts before my period.
this exfoliating cleanser is gentle enough for every day
it is creamy with very small exfoliating beads/grains in it
moisturizing yet lightly exfoliating with the aid of jojoba beads
i love this exfoliating cleanser.
i like this for a daily exfoliating cleanser.
it's exfoliating without the irritation.
i love the gentle exfoliation properties
this is the holy frail of exfoliating cleansers for me
though i have tried hydrating my skin with different moisturizers
i love this cleanser
exfoliation with the little micro beads in the product
this exfoliating cleanser is the opposite of the abrasive products i have tried in the past
i decided to try this product instead of the philosophy exfoliating cleanser since the associate from sephora recommended since i mentioned that i was planning to use it as my daily exfoliating cleanser
cleansers from drugstores to high end
it has alpha hydroxy acid
beta hydroxy acid which is perfect for my discoloration marks
exfoliating as well as it should have been
seeing as how this is a daily cleanser
but it's such a gentle exfoliant!
it helped a lot with my hormonal breakouts
found that bha exfoliation was the way to go
i follow this with ole henriksen empower moisturizer or sheer transformation moisturizer
dab some astringent on the spot before moisturizing
this cleanser is taking the place of an added exfoliator
i like this for the exfoliation
there is something unique about the exfoliating beads in this cleanser
exfoliates at the same time
i am an exfoliator/scrub hoarder!!
it ahs the added benefit of aha/bha exfoliating acids
i followed with a rich hydrating cream.
i didn't see a huge difference using it compared to $10 drug store exfoliating cleansers
the formulation is milky out of the bottle
i've combined this cleanser with murad's acne solution
the exfoliation part isn't harsh
my skin feels primed for my serum or moisturizer to be that much more effective
i love this cleanser.
exfoliates without irratating my skin
this has the perfect amount of "grit" for exfoliating
right when i wake up before moisturizing
i can feel the exfoliation
switch to other face cleanser
i alternated this cleanser with a gentler non-exfoliant such as vichy milk with toner or burt's bees with a toner
i am prone to rosacea
moisturizing agents can't go through if there is a layer of dead skin on your face
i love chemical exfoliants
the jojoba beads don't scratch
just massage the skin
good exfoliator in general.
it is a great exfoliating combo
my only qualm i have with this cleanser is that sulfates
this product is the holy grail of cleansers
i tried ever exfoliating cleanser
i wipe it with a toner pad after
it prepares the face for serums
tried this product hoping the exfoliation would help
i also started using it as a facial cleanser
acne cleansers have a tendency to dry my skin out
acne prone combination skin
acne cleansers are too harsh on my skin
this helps with my acne
this is the only unscented
light daily cleanser that my bf would use from my stockpile of cleansing products
my skin is combination
i love this cleanser.
the exfoliation is so gentle
this cleanser has great ingredients/formulation
my skin looked like i had a professional facial
i find this to be exfoliating
i did a lot of product comparisons before buying this exfoliating wash
i wanted to find something with salicylic acid as well as glycolic acid to help prevent acne
the exfoliation is very light
this exfoliating cleanser is the best i've ever used
i liked the cleanser
she said i should be using something with a lactic acid
also a pelactive deep refiner scrub which has lactic acid in it 3 times a week after cleansing with the aha/bha cleanser
i swear by this murad cleanser!!!
great at removing all makeup, even mascara!
after doing research on ingredients good for acne prone skin
seeing that this is an exfoliator as well
just using the murad acne gel exfoliator
i love this exfoliator so much!
i don't find the jojoba beads give me quite the exfoliation i like
i wanted to try an exfoliator to combat winter flakey skin
this is the perfect exfoliating face wash.
the exfoliating beads are so small
polishing beads aha/bha exfoliating cleanser helps keep my stress acne away
works best when used with murad lotions to offset my skin's dryness after using
have tried a multitude of exfoliating cleansers.
i usually use liquid eyeliner
then use my cleanser
i wear a lot of makeup daily-- one or two primers
i've tried other oil cleansers
other makeup removing cleansers
followed it with a cleanser
massage into my skin
after rinsing it off i follow up with my normal cleanser
cleansing is the purifying step
started using cleansing oil as my first cleanser
its so convenient no more wasting towelettes or cotton pads
so nourishing for your facial skin
since i like the detox mask
i also like that i feel like i'm moisturizing
conditioning my skin before soaping it all up
i tried a foaming one
the caudalie foam cleanser too
i tried an oil cleanser in the past
if you massage it in well
to use an oil based cleanser for makeup removal
i hate when cleansing oils come in glass bottles
or tinted moisturizer from caudalie
i love this oil cleanser.
or to use before a foaming cleanser for a good double cleanse
skin type: combination/acne-prone
this is the most gentle waterless cleanser ever
i've tried several different micellar water cleansers
or i pat it on after i wash my face as a toner
no water or soap
add my moisturizers for the day
my skin was in a rosacea flare
night as my only cleanser
face makeup before cleansing with my facial cleanser
work the cleanser into my skin before rinsing
glowy after cleansing with erborian
this cleanser is amazing for my skin
after trying the cleansing oil
nights when i'm not using a medicated cleanser
was directed to this cleanser
now i have tried countless cleansers over the years including mousse formulas like this one
i must say this one is by far the best mousse cleanser i have tried
along with the new erborian frappe moisturizer
the active ingredient is not salicylic acid
skin perfecting lotion after using the face wash for amazing result
toner in one which saves a step
then use the first aid beauty hydrating lotion which i recommend
i've literally sampled all the sephora cleansers for acne
along with the toner
this cleanser definitely helps with general acne.
try the time release acne cleanser which is less drying
along with the exfoliating acne gel
the skin perfecting lotion
i love this cleanser for my combination skin
i see results using this cleanser in terms of reducing my pimples
this is a great cleanser for anyone with acne.
if you use only cleanser
i definitely recommend this cleanser for people with oily skin
this cleanser does some magical things to my combo acne prone skin
the scent is slightly medicinal
switched from clinique foaming cleanser + moisturizer to this cleanser
well after years of purchasing hundreds of products i found this one after a facial at massage envy
i tried multiple different cleansers
i also like that it is a gel cleanser.
i both have adult acne
just a preferable cleanser for acne proned skin.
i recommend a moisturizer in the morning
struggle with adult acne breakouts
it can be drying if you don't moisturize
i always moisturize after washing my face
get the toner too
this is my holy grail face cleanser.
i do moisturize every night before bed
this cleanser changed my skin!
i love this cleanser
i love this cleanser.
benzoyl peroxide gel to try to tame my acne
it came with the moisturizers
this cleanser helped reduce redness
including the ptr cleansers
after years of hormonal adult acne this is the only thing that cleared my skin
that can be fixed with a hydrating moisturizer
there is an infomercial out right now by a popular acne medication that states acne is caused by dirt
i've had acne since puberty
this is my holy grail cleanser.
have used many face cleansers
i love this cleanser.
though i use dermatologist prescribed topicals for my acne
i decided to try an acne cleanser on my combination skin
still have a hormonal acne problem
additionally i use the murad exfoliating cleanser
i follow up with a non-comedogenic moisturizer after ever wash
the cleanser is used twice before a toner
it helps reduce acne and redness.
i didn't use toner or spot treatment
the cleanser helps to keep my acne at bay
i've struggled with hormonal acne around the chin
the salicylic acid is the perfect amount
i did pair it with a moisturizer though
i suggest purchasing the other acne products to help with the acne
this topical filler is amazing.
light exfoliant is not too harsh for my sensitive skin
i didn't have any issues with the exfoliating beads
i will continue to use this balm with other serums
this is the best facial scrub
moisturizer makeup remover i love this product can't live without it
flaky due to chemotherapy treatment
i love this cleansing balm.
it doubles as a hydrating mask
this cleansing balm work gentle
followed by my last cleanse with first aid beauty cleanser
then follow up with serums, moisturizer and oils.
which i'm acne prone to the 3rd °
the pluses or extra goodies from this balm is that it does a light exfoliation
you can use it as a hydrating mask
i simply love this cleansing balm!
from using a prescription retinol
love this product and its ingredients!
i love leaving the cleanser on for 20 minutes as a hydration mask
this cleansing balm is my second cleanse
the clinique take the day off balm
i much prefer this cleansing balm
then an oil based cleanser to take my long wear lipstick off
$50 for a cleanser is a lot
i used around half a teaspoon
the little beads in this i wouldn't say are exfoliating
i wanted a cleansing balm
it removes my concealer
this cleansing balm is amazing.
all my eyeshadow super easily
the sugar in the cleanser is a nice gentle daily exfoliant especially on my dry patches
this cleansing balm takes off your eye makeup
it even has an exfoliating aspect as you massage it in
continue to massage the product until it's milky
follow with my regular cleanser
i'd never tried a cleansing balm before
as i've always been used to removing makeup with micellar waters or makeup remover wipes
follow with oil cleanser
won't harm your skin like abrasive exfoliants would
for a few months i was using an exfoliant with similar wax beads--my skin was not irritated
follow with my regular cleanser
since using this balm
i like that being a balm
great hydrating serum at a good price point.
doesn't break my acne-rosacea skin dehydrated skin type:
not always} i use a toner there is nothing on the cotton pad
that i would deff have to wash after with my normal cleanser
bronzer during the week
i usually don't like any fragrance in cleansers
night to treat my skin to to these products
i like the idea and applicator.
really like this cleansing balm
i need a makeup wipe for mascara
you could buy another cleansing balm that only removes makeup
a foaming cleanser to wash away the film the makeup remover left
i am going through some horrible hormonal acne that is dry from medication
tatcha cleansing oil/ la mer foaming
on your skins hydration
i also use their moisturizer with it.
finally into a soothing/moisturizing oil
the sugar granules aren't harsh
followed by a gentle toner
this cleansing balm removes all makeup.
while also gently exfoliating
this cleansing balm is amazing.
love this cleansing balm!!!
removes my waterproof better than sex mascara.
i would use an eye makeup remover or micellar water to "pre-wash" my eye area
i felt like i was giving myself a mini facial massage
encouraging a bit of self-soothing facial massage
has a fresh herbal scent
otherwise $55 for a face cleanser
this cleansing balm has ruined all other cleansing balms for me because it just works so well
another feature that i love is that the balm doubles as a hydrating mask
i usually use the thermal cleansing balm from omorovicza
i will save the remaining of my thermal balm for spa nights
use this as a quick mask/gentle exfoliator
until i realized it was loaded with parabens
decided to try some other balm cleansers
the paraben free formula over my former holy grail
it has a little bit of a granule like texture that helps with exfoliation
exfoliation can be an issue for those of us with rosacea
it is pricey for a cleanser
cleansing balms/oils/gels are my favorite cleansers
the sugars gently exfoliate
wanted to use this product for facial massaging
as i've done with the clinique balm
follow with night oil/moisturizer
the crystals also just melt as you massage
've been using dhc oil cleanser morning
it's made with natural ingredients
i think it was the roughness of the sugars.
lately i have used a cleansing oil or a thicker cream cleanser
helps my eczema/sensitive skin
this balm cleanser is amazing
i've used a few cleansing balms before
this is my favourite cleansing balm i've used.
if you use this smart custom repair serum!
it hydrates my skin
keeps my concealer in tact
continuing the search for eye creams
especially a good daily moisturizer with spf
it has a very subtle sunscreen smell
it does have resveratrol
hyaluronic acid in it
this moisturizer i got in my playbox.
my concealer/foundation/ powder tends to build up in the creases more
this is a great under makeup moisturizer.
super light-weight but it's very moisturizing.
'm currently out of face lotion
i still prefer a moisturizer with retinol
smoothing my fine lines and moisturizing.
i am especially impressed that oily skin is included for such a good antiaging moisturizer
i love this moisturizer.
i love that this has both hyaluronic acid
as i get migraines
i plan on continue using this moisturizer.
although this does contain a sunscreen
been using for a week- it's hydrating
doesn't strip my skin of essential oils like other cleansers can
this is a cleanser you massage into the skin
i find it leaves my face feeling more hydrated than the nutritive cleanser
it won't remove my mascara.
this cleanser doesn't strip the skin from essential oils
it is more gentle on my skin than nutritive cleanser
i usually hate cleansing balms.
i love how the sponge help lightly exfoliate without irrigation
i love this cleanser.
this cleanser preserves moisture
i love this cleanser.
i follow up with toner and moisturizer.
i wash my face with this cleanser
it removes even my waterproof mascara.
use a medicated salicylic acid cleanser with my night oils
i don't like this as a makeup remover/ first cleanse in the evening
i think i have other cleansing balms that remove makeup better
take care of you skin without harsh chemicals!
my new go-to cleanser.
even my liquid lipsticks
after you rinse off the product
yes the balm contains genuine 24k colloidal gold
my skin is soft after cleansing and rinsing.
i love this cleansing butter.
like other cleansing balms/
this cleansing butter is amazing!!
in the mornings, my face needs a dose of this.
layers well under moisturizer and foundation.
easily removes heavy face makeup + liquid lipsticks + waterproof eye makeup with ease
so moisturizing and gentle on your skin.
i must say that it dissolves makeup-including mascara
most impressive part of this product is that it is very moisturizing
this has become my go too facial cleanser
first off let me let you what cleansing balms/oil/jellies i've used
amazing makeup remover & cleanser!
massage it on my face
i agree my moisturizer works better after using this product
at first i tried this as a makeup removing cleanser
however it is so moisturizing
go to bed without moisturizer
i found it helped my neuroliquid serum absorb in my skin better too
which came with this firming gel
i tried again to use the firming gel
the trick to use this gel
the microcurrent are my fountain of youth
i see it as my evening serum.
i wear under makeup
i should say i ise omorovicza's thermal cleansing balm
their foaming cleanser with a washcloth at night
i mixed it with my moisturizer
this oil ranks #1 in a tie w nude for me because it is highly moisturizing without being greasy
the -rich sea buckthorn berry oil is rejuvenate to the skin + firm the skin
this cleanser is super moisturizing.
my favorite products are facial cleansers
this is one of the most luxurious facial cleansers i've ever tried
i love the texture of this cleanser
i like this cleanser much better than the thermal cleansing balm
this mask is really effective in moisturizing my skin
i received a sample of hydra- therapy memory sleep mask by erno laszlo
i applied before bedtime
hydra-therapy memory sleep mask has worked wonders
the texture is a light gel
this sleep therapy mask has transformed my skin!
i would treat this as a perfect moisturizer
this is a great overnight product that is light gel mask that actually hydrates your skin
months of a benzoyl peroxide-based treatment
even though it was so moisturizing
i received the hydra-therapy memory sleep mask as a sample
i apply it at bedtime after i've cleansed my face
hydra-therapy memory sleep mask is my first overnight mask
it is moisturizing without being greasy
you would never know it contains sunscreen.
the 'memory' ingredients are pure magic.
