supple one of my favorites
gentle for the morning
high quality & aesthetically pleasing.
is super gentle around the eyes
i apply this indigo cream
my skin was dull
my complexion more ruddy
paired with the camellia oil
everything about tatcha is upscale
do i now have geisha perfect skin?
i pair it with the indigo powder cleanser
naturally strawberry blonde hair
the packaging is also lovely
red in the summertime
my skin feels subtle
it doesn't leave a blue hue
the face cream is a sort of strange texture
doesn't leave any blue or purple hue
definitely no blue tint
my skin is radiant
so one day i tried a sample of this indigo cream
made my skin glow
smell fades after 15 minutes
it's a very thick cream
it has a light, pleasant scent.
beautiful presentation in the packaging
i love the texture
plus the color is super cool
i like the smell
this cream feels very luxurious
love the whole indigo line.
has a unique scent from the indigo
have never had a reaction from any soothing indigo product from tatcha
creamy consistency it would cause a break-out
the gold camellia beauty oil would be wonderful for dryer skin as i have about every line out there
the tiny gold flakes are nice mixed with the camellia
the gold camellia beauty oil is beautifully packaged
it works amazing and smells divine.
after using tatcha's gold camellia beauty oil for over a month
my skin has never looked so radiant
this beauty oil smells divine
gives my face added luminosity
his skin has transformed we use the indigo moisturizer
i love this camellia beauty oil.
the scent is very calming yet uplifting at the same time
it calmed my redness and i have very rosy cheeks!
spray the luminous dewy skin mist on right after
this literally made my skin glow.
i wake up with dewy luminous, bouncy skin.
after one use it transformed the texture of my skin
it makes the skin feel radiant, soft and supple.
this one smells quite luxurious.
it gives my face a heathy dewy glow
my foundation applied beautifully!
my skin is actually glowing.
this product is divine.
there is a glow about my skin that i just love
the gold flakes make it more luxurious than most face products
it smells divine and makes me feel like royalty.
or it can be used in conjunction with a foundation to achieve a dewy lit-from-within glow
i actually mix this with the tarte maracuja oil
very lux and superb quality.
this is such a luxurious product to use
just after one day using this beauty oil i swear my dewy
i love the smell and texture as well.
or white lucent luminizing surge
my skin glows like i never aged
i woke up with my skin so luminous
my face has a glowing
i like the metallic finish
dries to a super metallic chrome which is fun
love the the coconut scent
there is a new meaning behind shine bright like a diamond for me
i notice my skin looks radiant after using it.
it was gentle on my skin with a slight tingly feeling
i like that its chrome colored.
i noticed smaller pores and definitely a glow.
it has a pleasant smell
had been eyeing this glam glow treatment for a while
it's a coconut or piña colada type of smell?
it smells like coconuts without resembling sun screen smell
left me skin radiant
it's so sweet and amazing.
smell is amazing very tropical
it did firm my skin and gave me a healthy glow.
it's super cool looking, silver.
it smells very faintly of a lovely smell that i just can't place
it becomes slightly tingly
left a nice residue that smelled like pina colada on my skin
i usually just spring for the og glam glow mask
i def use my glam glow addiction as a "treat yo'self" moment
the mask has this cool sensation
it was a joyful experience
my family got a kick out of the metallic silver effect
the glamglow gravitymud mask smells amazing.
maybe it's the yummy fruity sweet scent
it also leaves you with a nice glow!
it has a bit of a strong scent
and its a beautiful sparkly silver colour!!
cool because pearl chrime look.
besides the chrome color
your skin glows to the high heavens
peels off like a dream.
it made my skin glow
as you peel the mask away you are left with gorgeous
nice job glam glow!!!
also this works wonders on sun burns.
i am fair skinned with sun damage
my complectiion is also ruddy
using the delightful massage technique
the packaging is lovely too!
i love how fresh
even beautiful under my foundation
my skin feels like satin after using it
honey salve--- that's for a different review
using this restores the moisture wonderfully
this product restored glow to my complexion quite quickly
it's a touch tacky on my skin
it's like rubbing a beautiful soft cloud on your face
under coola matte tint bb cream with spf
it leaves my eyes looking brighter
she said it was mild, gentle, and fragrance free.
this bar of soap is a gem.
fab products all claim to be soothing
not only does it smell delicious
it has a very very light lemony smell to it
i felt refreshingly clean
it has a great bouncy texture which melts into the skin upon contact
makes me look all bright underneath my eyes like i slept 10hours
works well underneath my nars creamy concealer.
it had a pleasant creamy gel-like consistency
the trade off is gorgeously plumped
had a little "glow" to it
i love the fresh seaberry oil
thanks to nowadays salty food
the black tea mask is also amazing.
and i also love the smell.
it truly does smell like tea which in my opinion is soothing
very supple skin with a nice dewy glow
love how glow my skin looks
my skin is a lot smoother and my skin glows!
it makes my skin look more radiant
i put it on at night and my face is silky smooth!
radiant dare i say
the texture is weightless
i don’t notice any brightening besides the glow of hydration
this has a wonderful feeling- light and creamy.
instantly brighten my under eye
i also love the cheerful orange packaging!
it leaves kind of a tacky feeling behind
it hydrates instantly is very creamy
concealer blends beautifully over top
this product brightens my under eyes
it feels great under concealer and does brighten.
definitely makes skin glow.
when it says glow revival it means it!
it feels silky smooth
leaves your skin feeling silky
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
it's cheaper than ageless renewal eye cream tatcha makes
keeps eyes looking alert, bright and healthy.
my makeup wears beautifully- it's so light!
the ceramic tip is always cool
still makes me look bright
it doesn't leave a grey tint to your face.
i am constantly complimented for having a beautiful complexion
this did all of that beautifully giving my skin a heathy glow that i love as a bonus
it also has a light lavender scent
it smells fresh and i like the scent.
this gave me a ghostly cast due to the titanium oxide
no oil or scent
it is also refreshingly light
this cream is rich
it is a fabulous sunblock
sun protection in one
love this lotion...has a great lavender scent.
it's like velvet on the skin!
it is so beautiful when i am wearing foundation.
my skin looks supple and glowing.
love this day cream.
both of these products have restored some of my youthful suppleness
my skin was not looking great - dull and blotchy.
this creme is perfection.
it has a subtle citrus smell which is nice
blotchy skin is wonderfully smooth
radiant no flaking or dryness
my skin feels so smooth and radiant.
it starts from a very slight sting to a cool minty feel
it's a little cold/tingly while on
it gives an intense tingling sensation
it keeps my sking glowing & looking young.
my skin is glowing
my skin is bright
my face looks brighter
have been a sun-lover my whole life
my skin truly looks brighter and less blotchy.
love the texture of the product.
i do feel like overall it gives me a youthful glow
brightness/smooth appearance of my skin
this is the magical cure for that!
it truly plums the area up
my skin feels plumper almost instantly
everything from the texture
this night cream transformed me from the sea hag to a fresh faced cherub overnight
it does give my skin a subtle glow
there is barley a scent
love the way the product smells.
my skin looks radiant, clean, and feels so soft.
it smells so fresh
glides on like silk
the cream has a silky feel as it goes on
this is a lovely formula
it goes on like satin over your skin
love the texture & feel.
the texture is light
my skin literally glows
i woke up with a glow.
it does have a faint alcohol smell though
it is gentle on my eyes
luscious eye serum that hydrates eyes
it does brighten the eyes
only one drop makes my skin feel like silk.
face looks even toned
everyone says i am glowing!
not only in the radiance of my skin
i notice the next morning pror to use my skin has a beautiful glow added to it
it brightened my skin
they are a heavenly combination.
also gives me a glow to my skin.
but this, make your skin so smooth and silky.
just an over all healthy glow
my skin glows like never before
i love the shade of pink.
my skin stays radiant the entire day
although the price tag is not lovely
the scent is perfectly light
made my skin glow
the next morning my face looked so radiant
my skin is glowing
my skin looks glowing
leave skin beautifully smooth
afterwards you are left with radiant skin
my all time fave pore clearing mask is the white glam glow
the glam glow for almost 2 years
it smells like summer
it is so gentle
this cleanser is gentle
it's so smooth and gentle on my skin.
it smells like fruit loops
it smells like fruit loops
it has a fresh scent that others like i tend to not like fresh scents
it's so creamy that all it takes is a pearl sized amount to cleanse my entire face
my skin feels smooth, calm, and bright.
with my recent purchase it just felt more creamy
it smells like citrus
my skin is glowing
the smell is like pineapple
the mildly textured quality of this cleanser is pleasant
this has such a pleasant scent to it too.
an exfoliator w/o the sandy, gritty stuff.
it smells soooo good, and is so creamy.
makes my skin glow
i love the creaminess of it
the scent smells like a relaxing spa day
it gently exfoliates and makes your skin glow!
the texture of the cleanser is creamy its not heavy it smells fresh
plus the smell is super refreshing especially in the mornings
thought this was a gentle exfoliation similar to the exfolikate
that pairing is a match made in heaven
freshness of the cleanser felt amazing on my skin
it smells absolutely heavenly
this cleanser made my skin glow again.
this cleanser smells soothing
my skin glows after using this.
the texture is gone
it also smells delicious!
my face looks like it's glowing from within
it does brighten the skin which i love.
it smells like carrots maybe or carrots
bright after i rinse it off
this cleanser smells amazing!
not a brighter skin complexion
i love how gentle it is
some people say it's citrusy
i think it smells just like fruit loops
this cleanser comes out of the tube creamy with some gentle particles in it
the scent is very light and citrus-like.
nothing harsh or scrubby
it's still gentle exfoliation only
this cleanser has a light orange scent
it is just like fruity pebbles
second, the scent is addicting.
this product's citrus smell really brightens your day
first of all, it smells delicious.
citrusy fruit loops smell is the ingredients themselves
i love how this has natural fruit acids to help brighten
my skin looks bright
has super light fresh scent
leaves your skin feeling immaculate
my skin feels transformed
my skin looks so bright
this has helped maintain my oiliness
i must say by the morning my skin is beautiful
my skin looks brighter
it seems less harsh than ptr's orange colored face wash
this stuff works fabulously
like that it does not have perfumey fragrance
notice my skin looks "dewy"
wake up to glowing smooth skin
just an overall glow
i got the juicy mango scent
my skin looks luminous
said " your skin looks beautiful"
the product has no scent
the new mango fragrance is divine
when i went into the store i got a whiff of the mango scent
got the scented one this time
the juicy mango scent is like warm
it just gives me such a healthy glow to my complexion
it's very soothing and rich in moisture.
this makes my skin luminous
it was making my skin shiny
just with a nice glow
it feels so luxurious.
this whipped argon oil face butter is perfect!
please package this beautiful face
it just smells natural
it has a weird, blotchy effect.
it has a mild, soft and calming fragrance.
the smoothness alone from all of the plumping moisture gives my face a young fresh glow
it hasn't made my skin shiny
i love her argan oil light
moisturizes my skin beautifully
plus it just feels so luxurious!
has a subtle glow to it
this cream leaves your skin with a beautiful glow
has the most unique silky texture
it feels like silk
the smell is heavenly which is an added bonus!
this mask is awesomely packed with ahas
this masque is very soothing
i own every glam glow
silky for a gentle hydrating experience
this winter my skin has been unquenchable
the formula is a thick smooth velvety texture
to the fresh black tea instant perfecting mask
weirdly almost like instant mashed potatoes.
it's a nice subtle one
like an orange marmalade?
brightened all our skin
the amazing citrus smell
it leaves it looking so bright
it's the perfect 2 in 1 that leaves my face fresh
it just makes me glow
and it smells like oranges too
this one is sweet
beautiful my skin was
this mask is lovely!
it has a honey like consistency
as it has a zesty feeling to it
it leaves it feeling vibrant
it leaves like a matte finish after
my skin looks plump, dewy, and flake free.
makes my skin glow from within
it reminds me of honey
really brightened my skin
it gives my skin a noticeable glow
the scent is so yummy
leaves it looking polished
it leaves my skin glow
the smell is really delightful
it's gentle and leaves me so radiant!!!
my face glows after
its gentle on skin
it brightens your skin
gives you serious glow
skin looks brighter after use.
my skin looks bright
note: the scent smells like delsym
it looks so radiant and smooth.
it makes my face feel smooth and appear bright.
i highly recommend ole henriksen truth sugar glow polishing mask
my skin feels so silky and smooth.
it also gives you a wonderful glow.
i love fruity smells
it smells like there's a jungle of citrus trees right on my face
it's also glowing brighter than the sunsafe to say i found my holy grail skin product
it smells lovely like oranges but sweet also.
after using it, my skin looks dewy and glowy.
like a glass of fresh oj
my skin looks fresh
this polishing mask smells fresh and spa like.
it looked flawless using the ole power bright treatment that uses this scrub as step 1
it makes my skin glow
it feels like chocolate tastes
it's a sweet orange smell.
makes your skin look gorgeous
gives your skin such a radiant
my face is so luminous
it has a pleasant smell that i love for in the morning
my makeup looks flawless
my skin looks bright
it smelt like heaven
my skin glows after use.
i love the scent
it's an pleasant orange scent which is very very natural
it tastes like sugar
to me this mask has a weird smell
the scent is amazing
i love the smell and the texture.
it smells like orange peels
the perfect polishing mask
the honey/citrus smell is so pleasant while it sets for 5-10mins
it makes your skin look radiant
it has a nice subtle scent!
i noticed a my a natural glow after using this product
reminds me of a moudly shower smell?
i love how its milky
very gentle cleanser and i love the smell.
tones in one step
it has a mild scent
it is gentle on my face
very pleasant smelling and gentle.
illimnating glow on my skin
goes on smoothly, and is super creamy.
this was calming on my skin
it does have a strong charcoal smell
i love the smell of this product it's so calming
i also love the smell!
i really enjoy a clinical smelling mask versus flowers
i don't get overwhelming florals like other people
instead an odd bitter quality
the smell is a little unpleasant
leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
the smell is lovely
i loved the texture
smell is a little weird
i love it from the packaging to the scent
looked so beautiful in the packaging
the mask is beautiful in the jar
slightly floral not to bad
it smells like grapefruit
it hasn't cleared up my face like glam glow
gave me a nice glow afterwards
i wish it had more of a pleasant scent
mixing the colors as if i'm mixing paints lol
it's so creamy to mix
what a nice feeling and smelling mask!
the mask texture reminds me of decent quality acrylic paint
it kind of almost smells like a flowery acrylic paint too
the pore pudding smells great.
left me with a clean glow
glam glow i'm looking at you
this one was gentle
my face looks radiant
creamy as i feel a mask in the mud family should be
it makes me feel beautiful
mask colors alone makes it feel luxurious
it has a strong scent that may be overpowering to some people
gave me an amazing glow
after one application my complexion was bright
it makes your skin have a gorgeous glow
also brightens my skin wonderfully
the charcoal does have a strong smell
i love the way it smells
bright my skin is
my skin is glowing
this product does smell more organic
smell are undeniable charcoal mask
this one actually made my skin glow
even so the glow
it was a healthy luminous type of glow that it gave the skin
i love my skin to look glowy
it made my face look instantly radiant
looks so naturally beautiful
it gave me a nice glow
natural glow without looking shiny or sparkly
it gives a nice subtle glow with very fine shimmer
gives the skin a subtle glow
barely there glow this one is for you
gives my skin a nice even glow
i am quite pale with dull skin
it perfects your skin appearance
gives the right glow
this product gives a beautiful
subtle glow to the skin
it gives your skin a dewy glow.
i quote "you look radiant today
when i applied it, my skin was super shiny.
i liked the texture and scent of this product.
natural glow from within
an over all brightness
your skin feels dewy
there is a plump suppleness to my skin that i attri
my skin is much more radiant
gives a healthy looking glow to the skin
almost watery in texture
subtle tingly when i apply it that i find very soothing
it leaves my skin glowing
this one is so gentle on the skin
my skin seems brighter
it gave me a serious glow
i felt like my nars all day luminous weightless foundation was too drying
this is a really lovely serum.
my skin was positively glowing
couldn't resist the beautiful skin the ads promised
i love the texture
i also love the scent
it gave off a nice glow.
has a nice glow to it that is not shiny
my skin looks less dull
looks plump or more like rejuvenated
infused with an potent mix of skin-loving botanicals
while it does give a subtle refinement of pores
my skin still glows
left my skin radiant.
it has a light almost citrusy scent.
your skin really does have a glow about it.
the bare haven moisturizer
it does make your skin look firmer and glowing.
i even love the scent
glow in my skin
its sort of a milky/watery texture.
plus i love the scent.
smooth my skin texture
my skin looked dull
make up goes on easier and skin looks radiant.
along with my ole henriksen sheer transformation moisturizer it is improving the texture of my skin
finish with bare haven moisturizer
hearing about how "magical" this product was
my skin has reacted beautifully
i can say i do love a glow to my skin
is gentle on my skin
more radiant than it's been in years
the scent is light
it's perfect to wear under a matte liquid lipstick
it has a nice lavender scent
the smell of lavender is very strong with this lip balm
youthful glow it used to be
it works like a charm
it has a light herbal scent that's not perfumey
this hero salve works magically
love the lavender smell and how light it is.
it keeps my skin so bright
it gives a good glow
it has a nice and natural smell, like oranges.
i swear it looks like i'm glowing
or dab a bit on my pulse points for a really beautiful light citrusy fragrance
it can also be layered on top of highlighter/illuminator to enhance the wet glow look
leaving a natural matte finish
as ironic as it sounds
it makes my skin feel soft and radiant.
i'd love to try the tinted sunshine stick
it has a calming scent
i love the scent
to start it smells amazing it's like oranges.
it has a lovely citrus scent that fades over time
a light citrus smell that fades over time.
i received this with the glow for it kit.
this oil has been giving me such a glow!
this is a nice oil for nighttime.
while i did like the refreshing orangey scent
i don't mind the scent.
the oil itself: it's a lovely blend
i liked the scent
glowing skin each morning
the burst of fresh ciaitrucy smells lightens up my mood
it smells so delicious
this oil smells so wonderful that i'm tempted to use it as a fragrance oil
the skin had a glow without being greasy.
james nirvana black perfume so fruity smells don't mix well
omg the glow after it settled into my skin was beautiful
it does smell citrusy
the oiliness surprisingly didn't make my skin breakout
the packaging was cute
i am instantly reminded on olivia newton john's high cheek bones all aglow in the movie grease
replicates it my old glow
glowy in the morning
the texture is more watery
it leaves my face looking vibrant
it leaves a natural glow on my nose
cheekbones which i love
it gives skin a really lovely sheen
this product is convenient and lovely.
makes your skin feel like silk
literal silk for your dry face.
the stick has a faint fresh scent
a few swipes impart a nice sheen that is not over the top
my skin seems more radiant after use.
looks so dewy- i use this with the milk blush stick on my cheekbones
my skin looks radiant
it gives me a dewy look
i love the look of weary creamy eyeshadow
blend/buff it out
dewy eyeshadow which stays put all day
i just have a natural, youthful sheen.
i like that it leaves just a hint of sheen so that my skin has a subtle glow
it's a light lovely scent
this older women found it to be quite lovely
the packaging is adorable
just a hint of natural citrus oils
it layers beautifully under my makeup as a thin
over my makeup as a natural touch of sheen on my cheekbones
perfect for after sun care-very refreshing
there's an instant burst of coolness
i wish the feeling was just a tad bit more like a minty freshness
with that perfect dewy look
leaves skin a bit tacky
it is magical on sunburns
love the cooling sensation.
mine doesn't smell funky
i felt similarly about the sunshine oil
this item is super refreshing on the skin
the ingredients are simple and gentle.
my skin reacts beautifully to it
this moisturizer makes my skin instantly more radiant
the texture is smoother
feels silky on my skin
is the perfect moisturizer for some light foundation
i also love the fact that it acts as a gentle dark spot corrector
i love the fresh scent
leaves skin looking plump
it's not a frilly product
it's so great it gives me that glow in my cheeks
love this lotion it makes my skin glow
and it's way less shiny!
just more of a dewy glow now.
it is glowing soft and i look completely refresh!
leaves my skin feeling silky
my skin is brighter
has a nice light texture
it smells really nice-- a soothing delicate herbal smell
it has a very pleasant smell
make up forever matte velvet plus
creamy on your skin
it's gentle on your face
my skin has a touch of extra radiance in the morning
it's almost like a light light moisturizer
my skin looks vibrant
the mist is light
and the scent is life.
my masks go on like velvet.
my skin looked dull
it is still a refreshing burst of moisture
i loved this with the charcoal mask.
so that i'd have a fresh palette
the scent is pleasant, inoffensive.
it smells like marine botanicals
leaves this glow aftermath
it has a natural uplifting fragrance
this cleanser works beautifully for me
i love the light lavender scent
it is gentle on my skin
it leaves my skin looking sooooooo beautiful
the smell is heavenly
my skin has never been so radiant
it smells like a dream
removes makeup like a charm!
makes my skin look radiant
leaves me looking more bright awaken
of course, tarte created it.
what starts as a clear gel turns into a creamy lather that smells softly of lavender
great fresh clean smell!
smell is light not over powering soft beach like smell
i've found that this soap is gentle
i got this product in a tarte holiday set.
finish off with tarte h20 cream
it also smells really nice, like lavender.
it looks cleaner and more radiant.
this is a light lavender smell
the gel is pleasant
it has a subtle fresh scent
it smells lovely and it foams up very quickly!
yet again tarte wins!
comes in cute packaging
love the smell of it.
smells good with cute packaging.
it's so gentle on my skin
the scent is pleasantly light
my skin is glowing with using this line
i pair it with the tarte scrublet
i smell mostly lavender
it has a nice herbal smell.
the scent is light
i love the way this smells
this oil feels/smells so lovely.
i love the light lavender scent.
the scent is a bit strong with lavender scent for those who are sensitive to smell
smells and feels delicious on my skin.
and the smell of borage oil is so relaxing.
gentle cleanse leaves the skin feeling silky smooth
the two are united in a perfect harmony that creates soft
hint of citrus from the grapefruit makes the cleansing experience calming
it's not over drying and had an earthy scent.
it transforms from a red clay to a white creme.
love seeing this cleanser transform from a red clay to white cream
a bobbi brown face mist as a super light summer moisturizer
it barely has a fragrance
i am to the bottom of my first jar of this true oasis moisturizer
make my face look more bright
the scent for this balm is amazing
it has a nice light scent
bergamot according to the packaging
leaves combination skin feeling fresh
dewy in the winter
they smell faintly like lemon meringue
the packaging is so aesthetically pleasing
this cream has a very unique texture.
there's almost a watery texture to it
it makes my skin tingle in a subtle
it's so moisturizing i feel like i finally have that dewy glow
i like the texture
my face is so soft with a nice natural glow.
i also love the light citrus scent.
feels the exact same at the age delay moisture starts out creamy
also it smells like lemon meringue pie!
the packaging is very chic
this cream smells amazing
i love the smell, it smells absolutely divine.
it reminds me of lemon pound cake
in my quest for the perfect moisturizer
it's not greasy and is so silky smooth.
a very velvety smooth feel
this works beautifully to coat your skin in rich moisture
will leave it silky smooth
it feels satisfyingly thick going on
but this works beautifully on my skin!
this product is gentle
that beautiful sun kissed, dewy look.
it suddenly becomes so magically fragrant
then you are left with a pleasant rose scent
it's so lightweight and smells amazing!
when i mixed it with my moisturizer it makes my face look brighter
with a nice glow that's not oily
leaves a nice finish- not shiny or greasy feeling
it has a nice subtle rose scent that makes it feel luxurious to use
i used the rose petals for a nice gentle exfoliating massage on my face
to this day her skin loves this oil
i've noticed my skin is bright
it adds a refreshed shine to my skin
the foundation sits on my skin beautifully now.
the smell is luxurious and it works!!
it immediately makes your skin look positively radiant
giving your skin a healthy glow
the smell of fresh roses is a plus.
have since had beautiful skin
i love how moist and light this product is.
i love the details of dried rose petals of the packaging
the smell is divine.
have noticed a new glow
the rose petals in the bottle are pretty freaking cool
its amazing, the glow!
it has a beautiful smell
and it definitely brightens your complexion!
beautiful before makeup application
when i wake up in the morning my face has a lovely glow to it
my skin looks so bright
it truly brightened my dark spots and acne scars.
feels light almost don't feel anything compared to tarte oil
it has a really strong floral scent tho
this product is divine!
your skin will become bright
absorbs into the skin beautifully
has a nice light scent
the texture is quite light
i love the scent!
my skin just looks more bright
part of the enjoyment of using this product is the slight fragrance of roses
it does smell like roses
my go to face oil, beautiful packaging!
my skin looks brighter
i love the smell of roses so this is perfect for me
it has brightened my skin love using it in the morning
my skin is glowing!
it also make my makeup apply very buttery.
once i started using this with fresh's lotus youth preserve cream in the morning my skin started looking brighter
use josie maran's argan oil at night with the lotus cream
the scent is vert strong to me
i love rose smell
so of course it smells like rose
it smelled a little funny
it does smell like rose
the scent isn't overwhelming for me
especially if you like the smell of fresh roses
my skin was looking drab after sun exposure
my skin looks so beautiful
in the morning my skin is glowing
it smells funky at first then mellows out.
i wake up with amazing glowing skin
and it smells beautiful too!
the full size has a strange smell mixed in with the rose scent
i've even gotten compliments that my skin "glows" which is a first
light feel, light pretty scent.
love the rose petals in the bottom of the bottle
youthful skin in about a week
the dried rose petals add a touch of luxury that we all love
skin looks brighter and softer.
this brightening oil smells amazing
has real rose petals in the bottle
i mix this in with my cream contour shades from my anastasia cream contour palettes
plus the scent and bottle are perfect!
seeing as how that scent is a lovely floral one
seeing the flower flakes floating around in the oil makes me smile
it soothes, it brightens.
this oil gives you a healthy glow from within look
love the way it smells
the rose scent is ok
i finally achieve that perfect inner glow effect with this
it looks just beautiful
i love the scent
it has a creamy consistency
scent is a little strong
this works wonderfully at taming my inflamed skin
i don't mind the floral scent
i prefer the multi-active night cream refreshing scent better
this cream is luxurious!
super lightweight perfect for hot summer days
subtle and very pleasant scent
my skin looks like its glowing from within
now that it's absorbed into my skin it's left a light silky feeling
definitely silky enough to make a difference
i love the smell first off- it's a faint lemon scent
this leaves my skin looking beautiful
her skin was glowing
i love how this makes my skin glow
is perfect for daytime wear in the summer
the fresh lotus youth preserve
tarte managed to create another flawless product.
made it feel satiny
leaves me with a glowing complexion without any makeup
the glam glow moisturizer i definitely wanted this one
sits beautifully under makeup
all the shine is gone
this smells like fresh fruit the moment you open the jar
my face was a little tacky
the smell is another perk!
excited to try my under eye rescue patches by tarte now
airy on my skin
it smell and hydrates my skin amazing
it's my first time using tarte
refreshing water on my face
it is gentle on my skin
my skin looks glowing after using.
it feels a bit tacky at first
with a lovely citrus scent
in the morning my skin is glowing
i smell fresh berries all the time
leaves my makeup looking flawless
the smell is weird for face products
sort of pine tree-ish with lavender
has a pleasant odor as well
i love the smell and the consistency.
i love the scent it has
works like a charm for fine lines
it lightened the purple tones under my eyes as well
i definitely recommend the iris!
it becomes this white milky texture
the smell of this is lovely as well..
since it balances my skin beautifully
it reminds me of oregano
the scent is faint and pleasant.
i love the way it smells
cleanses beautifully without drying my skin
this was gentle on my skin
i love the scent
this is too lush
the fragrance of the seabury oil is a little strong for me
i love the way this smells!
this is the silkiest
it glides over the skin effortlessly
my skin feels silky smooth
pleasant scent, nothing overwhelming.
my skin has a youthful radiance.
my skin feels more radiant
this cream was gentle to my skin
the cream has a njce light scent
the scent is light and refreshing!
the fact that my skin just looks more "glowing" or radiant when i use it
this is a very luxurious moisturizer!
the texture is smooth
love the green bubbles.
my facial rejuvenation is palpable
this isn't the fountain of youth
i love the light scent it has.
power cream has a clean smell
not perfume smelling like a lot of cheap creams
velvety feeling after application
the cream is a little thick which is perfect for nighttime
this has in no way colored my review
light smell, not overpowering.
i did notice my skin seems more vibrant.
leaves a velvety finish perfect for applying makeup that goes on beautiful
the scent it’s really pleasant
the packaging is very fancy
plump in the morning
it is very nicely fragranced
it left my face very shiny
radiant since beginning usage
love that my skin looks instantly fresh
my skin looks brighter
has slight fresh fragrance
i like the creamy texture of the this product
my skin feels silky smooth
my face actually glows.
it makes my skin look dewy
my skin is plump and radiant!
leaves my skin with a radiant glow
leaves my skin with a radiant glow
the beautiful glow i get from this product is like no other
i like the scent and texture of the product.
my skin also looks somewhat more luminous
the glass bottle itself feels luxurious
am please with the smoothness
the fragrance is nice
light not overpowering at all
the scent is light which i like.
my dull skin looked more luminous.
little magic golden jelly pads.
the smoothness around my eyes
does impart a very subtle "glow from within" look
the lovely makeup artist introduced me to these
after using it it does leave a nice tingly
along with ptr's mega rich eye creme
the lavender smell is delightful without being too heavy
feel gentle on my skin without any strange smells
gives a fresh appearancenot a miracle worker
also leaves a nice sheen under the eye
these make you look like a mermaid
this makes a really lovely morning eye cream.
this cream is sooo gentle
nice thick cream that i use during the day.
i love its smooth texture!
it feels refreshing upon application.
nice under makeup for daytime
doesn't make my makeup cakey
a great daytime eye cream.
has a nice mild cucumber scent.
just soft pillowy plushness.
makes your eyes brighter
light fragrance from the watermelon
it's bouncy to the touch at first
this mask is so soothing to it
love the fun jello-ish texture of it
my skin looks radiant after taking it off too.
i love the fresh feeling it gives my face
bouncy mask is the perfect word!
the texture is cool
bouncy just like it claims
it smells of cucumber which is fine for me
super tingly like a real facial
i also feel like this is a dupe for the fresh rose petal face mask
more beautiful than ever
this mask smells fresh, kind of like cucumbers.
my normally dull skin was bright
nothing has refreshed my complexion like this bouncy mask
i loved the bouncy texture of it.
my skin looked very radiant, and fresh.
it felt like a plush blanket
it smells so fresh like cucumbers
it also helps my skin glow
makes it glow immediately
the cucumber smell is just an added bonus!
my skin was glowing & refreshed.
for the next 5 to 6 days you will have radiant looking skin
i like the refreshing feeling
it's very light/gentle
the light scent was almost like candy.
less watery to the touch
strong sensation in cosmetics always reminds me of artificial chemicals
s so gentle on the skin
it smells so yummy!!
leaves your skin refreshed and glowing.
i loved the lightness of it as i put it on.
in my skin tone
i love the earthy scent
gives skin a beautiful glow
leaves my skin glowing in seconds!
the smell is light cedar and lovely!
i really love the texture and smell of this oil.
it has a difference scent
texture than any of the other genius oils
helps give a little glow
uva rays will just make your dark spots more prominent
my sun spots are fading
my skin is a lot more radiant
my overall complexion just glowed
radiant face the next morning
gives you that dewy
supplegives you that healthy glow
rivals my beloved eve lom cleansing balm
it removes makeup beautifully
i then turns into a milky frothy soft suds.
so you can imagine my delight when i applied a tiny bit of this balm to my face
oh so silky smooth
i predict this luxe
this balm has the perfect texture to it that melts all the makeup off my face
glowing skin at any age
this balm is a real diva product
my skin is brighter
i tone with my caudalie beauty elixir
i definitely wake up with a nice glow
it is now moist, dewy and smooth
smell is light and refreshing.
felt so luxurious on my skin
even when i have a few bright red pimples
my skin is brighter
light weight, smells great.
the peony scent is very subtle
it is lightweight, pleasant smelling.
smells yummy, will repurchase this summer!
this one feels prettier
scent is very light and pleasant.
definitely adds a noticeable natural glow to my skin
fresh rose deep hyrdation cream
silky the next day
t's perfect for a little winter pampering
it has a nice creamy consistency that feels very soothing
love to mix it with illuminator
i love the thick rich creamy texture of this balm
this cream is the dream of dreams.
it's like velvet smooth
this magic bar with green suds is just perfect.
green foam is cool.
the scent is really subtle
no scent and one pump is the perfect amount.
it is subtly scented like the rest of the line--kind of reminds me of marshmallows
i do like the pleasant cleansing experience
it has a nice golden sheen to it
it has a little highlighter pot on top of the tube thats also a nice golden tone
and it makes my skin look fresh and bright.
perfect for that glowing look on women of colour.
love for that natural kendall jenner glow.
i've had trouble finding a moisturizer that adds a natural glow
the scent is lovely, too.
leaves the skin glowing
that glow immediately disappears
it makes me look dewy and youthful.
it is beautiful on very dark skin like i have.
under the cap is a solid cream shimmery highlighter which is nice as well
i used the sheer golden bronze color.
the glow was an added benefit.
the glow that it gave my face was nice
this highlighter has a creamy consistency
gives a pretty glow to skin that's very subtle
it's got such a nice sheer glow about it.
gives such a beautiful glow
i used this before my foundation to give me an illuminated look without having to be dewy
more of a fun pop of light shimmer than a bronzer
the "lotion" part makes a beautiful peachy-gold cheek highlight
it gives my skin a subtle shimmer that i love
i love how the cap includes a pretty golden cream highlighter
the beam team hydrate + glow is an amazing product that give you a natural looking glow
it's not overly shimmery it's just the write amount of glow
did i mention how delicious it smelled?!
i definitely can see the shimmer/glow better when i mixed it with my foundation
loved the subtle glow this product added to my foundation
product goes on well and adds natural glow.
as a dark skinned woman
cause i love a heavier bronzy glow especially summer time
i loved the luminescence i got alongside the glow that wasn't too glittery or cakey
it gives a beautiful healthy glow.
received this item in the sheer golden beige
it's the perfect color shade for all skin tones
it gives my skin the perfect summer glow with very light coverage
it's perfect to highlight sun-kissed
great subtle bergamot scent too!
it left a soft sheer glow
a go-to for natural glow looks.
that added element allows my skin to glow
works perfectly underneath makeup for an "illuminescent" finish or alone for a glowing all natural look
the flip cap highlighter is perfect for strobing to finish off the look
but i love the glow it adds.
it give the perfect amount of glow
i got the bronze shade
this product application is beautiful
you will have a dewy, fresh look.
gives a little extra glow
i enjoyed using this under my foundation for a subtle glow for summer
i love that it left a natural glow without being too shimmery on my skin
glowing on the skin
it imparts a nice warmth
glow without looking overdone
the sheen is super pretty
has a bit of a rosey gold glow to it
i like it as a spot illuminator
i find it too shimmery to apply on my entire face
it has a little bit of shimmer
looked like just a healthy glow
gives a bit more glow
great at making you glow!
it creates a perfect glow underneath your foundation or mixed in
it was the perfect dewey natural look.
it gives me a subtle glow
gives a really nice "glow from within" look without being overly shimmery
his moisturizer is the perfect base for glowy makeup
the bronze tone is also gorgeous with the perfect amount of shimmer
it makes my face glow
absolutely love the glow it gives your skin!
it gives a really gorgeous glow to the skin.
the combination really gives my skin a gorgeous glow
add that touch of glow
i personally like to use this all over the skin as a primer to add a nice glow to my skin
it makes my suntanned skin super glowy
since i only like pops of shimmer
get that perfect glow
i love the texture of this product
the beam creme gives me a perfect touch to those highlighted spots
i love the highlighter in the cap that adds a nice pop for more contouring
it's a nice summer contour
it gives me a very subtle glow
paired with the highlighter in the cap it really amps up the glow
just want to add a little glow
i own the glam glow one
it gives me a nice glow
the coloring wasn't too dark
leaves your skin glowing
i recomend it to anyone who likes moisturizers with just a little touch of tint of color
i loved the dewy look my skin had after using
i really love this for a summer glow
though i could've used a lighter less orangey color
it gives the most beautiful
its a thick mousse with a rose gold tint that's perfect by itself
it provides a nice glow.
you can use this product for an everyday dewy glow or a night on the town
i love beam/ glow product
it works well to give my skin a luminous feel
look a little sun-kissed
is not a flattering color or texture
i gave it a four stars for the beautiful shimmers within the product
it gives a healthy & natural sun kissed glow.
this product did provide glow
illuminate my skin very nicely it failed to provide a nice glow
the beam team hydrate+glow gives me that amazing glow i have been searching for
it gives it a very nice glowy dewy finish
it really gave a nice glow
the glow portion was really beautiful for highlighting
want some boost of glow
this product smells like a citrus heaven.
i felt like a mermaid at times because how much it shimmered
i received sheer golden beige
it gives a beautiful bronze shimmer!
there give a little warmth to the skin
the glow is sheer not an obvious sparkle or glitter all over the face
the lotion/cream illuminator in the tube gives a very very sheer wash of golden dewy color
mixed into matte foundation it will give a satin finish
which is super unflattering on me
it has chunky glitters in it
leaves my skin looking dewy
it hydrates my skin effortlessly
at the same time leaves it with an amazing glow
it is a nice shade
compliments my skin tone
i also loved the highlighter.
it left a nice glow to my face
it's a nice cream highlighter
the beam team hydrate + glow is amazing – i have sensitive
my skin has a youthful lot from within glow
i think it's a beautiful highlight for someone who prefers the cream version
it has a pleasant smell even though it's not scented
sephora describes it as a "golden beige" shade.
i like to think of it as a rose gold/champagne.
it'll give you that beautiful sheen to your skin making you look healthy
it adds a touch of glow
i love the subtle glow that it gives your skin when mixed with foundation
if you want a beautiful glow under your foundation or wearing no make up
give a perfect glow in my face
it creates a glow to the skin that is perfect for the summer
use beam hydrate glow over the powder
i also love to apply touch-on shimmer for my cheekbones
the glowing moisturizer mixed great with my foundation
holy cow is this gorgeous!
i love the shimmer
it also has a lovely, fresh scent.
it gives a beautiful sun-kissed look to the skin
the glow is radiant
it does not look chunky or cakey at all
i mix it with my foundation to give a little glow
moisturizer + glow, does it get any better?
a shimmer cream to apply some extra gleam
added a nice summery shimmer to my face
the packaging on all the products is stunning
the subtle glow that it gives to my face
looks beautiful on cheekbones.
i love the beam team hydrate + glow!!
i sometimes add this to my cheekbones for that extra glow
it definitely gives you that dewy gold glow from within
it gives me a great glow without going overboard on the shimmer
i love to use it before putting on my makeup it def gives a good glow
this gives me a very subtle glow from within.
i've mixed a little with my moisturizer for an all over glow
gives a great luminescent look.
lit from within glow
i look so glowing
youthful with this sitting underneath any foundation
my becomes luminous not glittery or blinding just soft
this is beautiful for mixing in with foundation
the colour is a little orange
it leaves a beautiful dewy finish.
it lasts a long time and makes my skin glow.
just the right amount of shimmer
it gives just the perfect amount of radiance.
gently press onto my cheekbones for fabulous color
it's not sparkly or too bright it's just right
it's a mature "lit from within" look
i love the way that this product makes my skin glow
most highlighters appear like glitter
gives more of a glow to your face in my opinion
the glow is fun on the body
that you can pull off gold glow
whether you use it on your own or add the layer of a powder highlighter this give you that blinding glow
i am a glow girl
i love the dewy look all day everyday
leaves a perfect golden glow on my skin
it looks natural and makes my face glow!
it gives my skin a wonderful glow
it isn't shiny, it just makes your skin luminous.
gives a nice and natural glow.
it catches the light beautifully
gives my face a healthy glow without looking overly shiny
it makes a beautiful glow
it gives the cheek a nice shimmer
it's not sparkly, it's more of a healthy glow.
as a highlighter it's amazing
if you like a healthy glow it's for you!
it's great on the neckline also
chest to give a pretty glow
this alone with with my ambient powders dim
but man what a glow!
this cream is very highly pigmented with a great deal of shimmer
great on my arms when wearing a sleeveless top too
wasn't too shimmery at all, just nice and dewy.
it gives a really nice glow
i am all about the glitter shimmer sparkle
tarte amazonian clay bb cream w/ a couple of drops of rainforest of the sea foundation
uneven coloration in my complexion
my skin looks radiant
❤️❤️❤️❤️amazing luminous glowy cream that is like a bb cream mixed with a liquid highlighter
it has some subtle tint
the glow is beautiful it hydrates minimizes imperfections
the shimmer is on the lighter side of highlighters
this is not visibly sparkly or shimmery
it is just so finely processed it's just a natural hint of glow
as the subtle glow it imparts is just so
this is he best cream to give that sutle radiant glow i thought my becca was great
many times it was a bit too shiny this cream looks natural
gives you a healthy radiant look
it gives a sort of bronzy glow
i got this purely for the glow effect
it does make my skin glow and shimmer.
this cream is sublime.
this product has the perfect glow
i am loving this illuminator.
have always loved anything that shines or glows
this leave my skin glowing
the texture of the cream seemed a little tacky
the foam was plush
it's better to me than it smelling like roses or any other fragrance
this is gentle enough for my children's faces
has a bit of a luminosity to it
this moisturizer smells so fresh
the packaging is lovely
has a lovely fresh scent to it
love how it also smells like fresh roses.
subtle rose smell to it
praise the lord and praise fresh.
the floral scent is pleasant
smells just like roses
smells beautiful but very faint.
roses are my favorite flower
it smells beautifully of roses
it is not an overpowering scent
it has a nice rose scent
so my foundation just glides on effortlessly
and to top it all off, the scent is heaven.
it just feels luxurious.
i love this product- the texture
it gives me a natural glow even through matte foundations
my skin is glowing
the scent is very subtle and refreshing.
the scent is delicate
i love the rose scent.
the scent is amazing
i love the rose scent
i love this light cream and its rose scent.
this smells so nice and is so calming.
while giving me a lovely pampering feeling because of the texture
the natural-smelling rose scent
this makes me skin feel like silk!
true rose not like perfumed rose
sniffed a soft pink rose
the cream has a weird texture though.
also, the smell is really pleasant.
it's a gentle rose scent.
i love this cream from fresh!
it vaguely smells like dill to my nose- probably a personal thing
another thing is that the smell is just gorgeous.
i love the the clean smell
although it may seem a bit on the creamy-heavy side
bonus: i happen to love the rose fragrance
i also love its rose-scent!
give my skin that beautiful glow
low in behold i found it in fresh rose moisturizer
the smell is light
it smells delightful and goes on like silk.
the scent is so natural
nothing compares to the opulence of a rose.
i've found the perfect eye cream
makeup lay on this product beautifully
silky almost gel like
made my under eye silky smooth
beautiful jelly-like texture to the product.
it also give me nice glow for my skin
soothing like a drink of water
b-hydra gives you that glow
i blend it with the la la retro whipped cream at night
gives you a glow to the heavens
just adds a glow somehow.
doesn't have a perfume like scent
this a lovely lightweight moisturizer.
ultimately making my complexion look like a freshly-glazed donut
my skin came back beautifully
it welcomes the light cool gel
it feels like my skin is drinking a tall glass of water on a hot day
the texture is super light
luminous in a way that is hard to explain
it's lovely paired with any of the other de serums
the hydration gel has a silky/watery feel
this is a nice, light and refreshing hydrator.
my makeup glides on smooth and flawless.
the finish is not pleasant
just the tackiness of skin that is newly moisturized
it leaves my skin glowing
is very compatible with the lala retro whipped moisturizer or my lush imperialis
it's very refreshing at room temperature.
leaves my skin plumped
beautiful would fully recommend!
light (if any scent).
my skin looks super glowy
but for combo/oily, this is perfect!
the combination is lovely
the scent is light
the odor is unpleasant to me
i love the way it smells
irritation with a nice light scent
leaves my face less shiny
which had an overpowering overpowering fragrance
cucumber scent that is not overpowering
it does have a scent
the fragrance is light
it's quite a lovely smell
this moisturizer is something heaven sent.
i enjoyed the scent which seemed to lean towards a natural
the scent a bit strong
while this definitely isn't as natural as lush
fresh rose face cream
it smells very fresh
i find the scent very refreshing.
the original product was perfect for my oily skin
it's light, airy yet very moisturizing.
it also smells amazingly fresh
they all commented on this strange floral scent
doesn't have a strong scent.
it smells so fresh
her skin is loving this product
this is slightly more creamy than the blue one
this one has a strong scent
it smells like the old pink lucky you cologne for women
i may be on the hunt for a new moisturizer because i can see the sweet smell being overwhelming when it is warmer out
the smell is very light with a tiny hint of cucumber which is quite refreshing
rejuvenation in the morning
it's like a fresh almost cucumber-ish smell.
smells so clean a fresh.
i love that its foamy
smells great and leaves my face feeling fresh.
i love the fresh smell
the smell is so invigorating!!
their hydrating mask is 10x better than glam glow in my opini
it leaves my skin petal soft
it smells amazing and it makes my mouth water!
leaves behind a dewy radiance
other green veggies in it
this mask is so refreshing.
it leaves skin feeling sparkly clean without feeling tight or stripped
creamy it goes on
it smells kind of minty
the product does make my skin glow
super cool texture & amazing scent.
beautiful eye cream• wait 2 min
then apply a creamy eye cream overtop
i am using nars radiant creamy concealer after putting on the nars sheer glow foundation
to keep that area dewy
love the light aroma
it comes in a blue
the cream is super light
smells like orange juice to me
beautiful while also evening out my skin tone
my skin feels instantly smoothed and brightened.
my skin adores it
my love of yuzu made me give it a try
this citrusy smelling lotion leaves my skin so soft
it has a nice smell that is nearly identical to that of tarte's rainforest of the sea face mist
a citrusy type scent in my opinion
i find that this gives me a little boost of glow
in the morning i can notice my skin looks a more vibrant
unobtrusive citrus scent that goes away quickly
this layers beautifully and is a must.
it's refreshing on the skin
the green bamboo one
the scent is refreshing
my skin is brighter
you're not going to be beaming with radiance
its so refreshing and bright!
skin looks more glowing
it's a weightless liquefied lotion infused with yuzu fruit
i feel that my skin looks ethereal
it has a nice light scent to it
although this is pleasantly scented it doesn't irritate my skin at all
it works beautifully as a toner
it has a very soft almost fruity scent
i love the light citrusy scent which is very refreshing
plus, i love the citrus-y scent!
the way it smells
unlike the bamboo matte
which makes it feel creamy smooth as you massage it in
it turns into a creamy mixture
the smell is quite pleasant
it's fruity for sure
radiance from this product
smells like men's perfume
it kinda smells like a perfume!
this stuff makes my skin look so radiant
leaves my skin looking radiant
it has a pleasant scent
my skin is glowy
that is the strong scent you are smelling.
the texture of my skin
my skin glowed like never before
it's beautiful over the cheekbones
it definitely makes the skin glow
the smell is luxurious
makes me feel gorgeous now
it does an amazing job at bringing out your natural glow
it gives you a natural healthy glow
skintone is nicely even
the smell is definitely distinctive
my skin had a more youthful glow
to me it smells like pine trees with maybe a very tiny bit of a flowery smell
my skin feels more plush
i love the very subtle shimmer
it adds the nicest illumination to your skin.
it has a pleasant scent
giving it a fresh glow
it reminds me of the subtle smell in dior products
i've always been jealous of people with moist beautiful skin
the scent is a rather strong floral scent
this made my skin more bright
the scent is earthy and very calming.
my skin is brighter
my face is glowing
it's like a rare spice smell which is what saffron is
it is deliciously beautiful all around
i don't know what people are complaining about because the floral smell is quite lovely
i love the fragrance it has
i've seen my skin tone even out i love the glow it gives my skin
it smells very similar to the perfume stella by stella mccartney
it soaks in like a dream
looks bright after only using for 1 week
i rarely review, but this is exquisite!
the fragrance is a bit strong
story of the saffron was tempting
my skin looks plumped
it has a gorgeous scent and glides on.
the beautiful packaging of this elixir is what caught my eye
that of a field of saffron scented crocus
love the scent, consistency and results!!
the scent is amazing
the slight luminous finish gives the perfect glow to my skin
looks beautiful under make up
my skin is more radiant
the texture is smoother
this texture is rich
softens fine lines and gives your face a glow.
my skin is more refined and glowing.
that smell is the saffron
sort of gives glow from within
the shimmer brightens my face
leaves me with a beautiful glow
the smell is just lovely
i know that the saffron threads of this flower
the smell is light
beautiful texture a bit too much fragrance like a parfume
the scent is divine!!
anything with fragrance irritates my skin
it made my skin so luminous
this is a golden gem
this is gorgeous skin elixir is my new spring beauty favorite
it also has a lovely scent.
i get soooooany compliments about my skin looking so radiant
so soft and smooth and smells wonderful!
gives the most amazing glow to the skin
more radiant after a few days
i think they sprinkle some sort of fairy dust
thought i was wearing foundation my skin looked so radiant
there is a sheer shimmer that gives a beautiful glow
the smell is earthy yet clean
it is so gentle
while i love the look of the glass bottle
it always leaves me with radiant
like i wore too much blush pink
this made me pinker
makes my skin look brighter
this cleanser is gentle
this product makes my skin look radiant
love the light citrus smell and soft gel texture.
i also feel my skin looks bright
it's a nice gel that turns into a balmy oil
i've noticed my skin looking bright
it is really make my skin looks bright
products that will give me glowing
my skins looks brighter
radiant after using it
it does have a strong scent
my skin does look brighter
the eye cream is light
the eyeliner wasn't spectacular
the eye cream is refreshing
the packaging is odd
this pep start eye cream makes my dry under eyes look bright
i enjoyed the eyeliner
my skin looks plump
it also provides a fresh look to my complexion.
as for the smell
the serum is luxurious and silky.
the texture is perfect.
lovely scent, lovely texture.
very light organic smell, absorbs nicely.
my skin was glowing
glowy my skin was
just a beautiful energized finish
overall glow of the skin
still feels luxurious enough for night
makes my skin glow!
my skin does look bright
it smells like celery
my skin feels bright
it is wonderful layered with other hydrating products
there is magic in this jar
and i love the smell and cooling sensation.
my skin looks brighter
makes your skin look so vibrant
making my skin more radiant
this is a dream cream
love the smell- smells like cucumbers to me.
the cooling sensation is amazing
it also smells like that ocean, which i love.
i loved the aroma of this smooth
it felt slightly invigorating while simultaneously soothing
this water cream absorbs like a dream.
you want a cream that brightens
it has a beautiful texture
i like both the cucumber fragrance
so my skin is glowing
it gave my skin a healthy glow that made me stop wearing makeup
it makes my skin look brighter
this cream brightened my skin
everyone says i glow now.
wake up with gorgeous skin
i like this much more than ceo which i found to be a bit too fragrant
goes on smooth and silky.
consistency-- it reminds me of aqua b*mb
after using this for 1 week my face looked more radiant
it smells like cucumber
watery this product this
to me it smelled like fresh cucumbers
i find my skin looks radiant
it did brighten my skin.
healthy glow to my skin
i noticed a healthy glow which i thought i'd lost
it smells of a soft citrus fragrance
it has a light citrus scent.
it also has a wonderfully citrus smell that dissipates once you put it on your skin
my skin glow after it.
i like the clean smell of this cream.
the smell is clean
my only gripe is the strong chemical/floral smell
coming from someone with sensitivity to scent
i like the smell.
scent is pleasant and disappears quickly.
the queen goes on very smooth not that thick not that light
plus it has a wonderful scent as well not strong or overbearing i really like fresh flowery scent
the scent is strong, but just heavenly.
a half don't like strong scent
the compliments are on my complexion
says he likes how gentle it
my skin is super clear, soft and radiant.
this product was very creamy
it's very gentle and smells great.
my skin glows every time i put this on
it's so smooth and silky on the face.
the beading up at first to make it look like real water droplets is satisfyingly cool
it makes my skin glow
the smell reminds me of fruit loops
and it smells like fruit loops !
beautiful for combination/oily skin.
gives me a glow from within
has a silk feels to it
delicious hint of lemon smell
it is silky smooth without being greasy.
the formula is pretty starchy
it livens up the skin
combine it with another moisturizer it is magical
this is a lovely light moisturizer suited more for summer time
it smells faintly of licorice
makes my makeup look beautiful
makes my skin glowy
it creates a beautiful base
it preps my skin beautifully for foundation
i could probably skip primer- i will use laura mercier radiance primer or becca backlight for glow
i think it does help lend a bit of glow.
it has the slightest citrus-y smell to it
it makes for a dewy complexion
my skin is actually glowing.
my skin glows without looking greasy
it has a nice rose scent
my skin became softer and gave me a great glow.
it makes my skin feel petal soft.
this smells very nice with a light rose scent.
it smells good with light rose tone.
locks in moisture with a lovely scent
very lightly scented-- cucumbers?
except for the divine rose scent
and extra shout out for a lovely glamorous smell!
the texture is lighter
i've found that it's refreshing in the morning
wow this soaked in like a dream
i find the scent of this line
it's 3 packets on a trifold card.
besides the addictive scent
there is no retinol or fancy bells
the scent alone sends me into a peaceful flower garden
it leaves no residue or shine
its formula goes under the skin to make the surface of the skin radiant
plus it has a relaxing scent that is very mild
under my eyes looks brighter
it isn't tacky or heavy or colored like some oils
the light scent is heavenly
it also left my skin glowing
it has given my skin a nice natural glow that even my husb
nice and light, a little bit flowery.
infused with lovely lavender fragrance
it has given my skin a youthful glow that i get complimented on all the time
it's also great for luminous skin in the summer
the scent is barely there but lovely and modern.
given the positively glowing reputation of sk-ii
it definitely gives you a glow immediately.
gave me a nice glow without looking like an oil slick
dewy skin that i wouldn't imagine painting over
floral/citrus scent that is barely there
leaves my skin in great glowing condition
made it more luminous
you look dewy, not greasy.
it has a light lavender scent
my skin feels and looks glow-y!
the smell of this product
it is an unusual smell
skin looks radiant immediately
looks a bit more radiant
the "youthful glow" is gone
my face looks younger, glowing!
had a pleasant lavender fragrance
it left my skin very even and silky smooth.
this has a light citrus scent which i really like
fragrant scent of lavender is a little bonus
modern luxe look that i find very sophisticated
to keep me looking dewy fresh even in may
youthful in the morning
smooth with a vibrant glow
it has a wonderful faint soft smell.
and i almost feel like it has a glow to it.
the sk-ii facial treatment oil has a lovely
i found the scent light
i noticed a subtle glow
pleasant fragrance that fades away a few minutes after its applied
to really savor the wonderful subtle fragrance
the packaging is elegant itself.
it comes in a nice glass bottle with a silver twist cap
the smell is mild and nicely refreshing.
the product comes in a nice bright red box.
the product smells like eucalyptus to me
the bottle is a nice kinda frosted glass.
radiant all day long
my skin is glowing
pleasant scent that isn't over powering
it was so sleek and sassy.
it had a natural smell to it.
my skin feels so silky smooth after putting it on
the ingredients are great: some great humectants to draw moisture to the skin paired with some lovely occulsives to keep that moisture in
the bottle is very classy
it also has a very pleasant scen tthat is relaxing
creating a golden ratio of pure ingredients
then layer over the algenist sublime defense blur lotion
it keeps my skin radiant
even the fresh cream h
this moisturizer helped my skin glow
it makes my skin feel so silky smooth
feels like velvet on the skin
creates a beautiful surface for your foundation
texture is nice, it's cooling.
the scent is pretty light
it weirdly stings a little bit.
it has a creamy cooling gel texture
i also use the glam glow flash mud mask before putting this on
my skin has more volume, shine, clearness.
i feel like it gives me a glow
my skin was looking dull
it makes my 54 year old eyes look perkier
it makes my eyes look brighter
this gel instantly cools and comforts my skin.
bonus: i love the subtle rose scent.
-glides on like silk.
it keeps a minty feeling around my eyes throughout the day
feels lovely on the skin
refreshing my under eyes
i love this eye balm.
didn't have a strong fragrance
how effortlessly my foundation glides
love the minty cooling feel it has when applied!
i hate that tacky gel feeling
radiant my skin has become mixing these busboys in with my day
the combination of the two feels beautiful on my skin
my skin looks brighter
it seriously looks more vibrant & brighter.
it gives a nice, gentle exfoliation.
the herbivore brand is amazing.
this soap also has a nice light clean scent
lovely scent though, and gentle for the face.
smells kind of like lemons.
beautifully scented as well.
makes my skin glow
barely scented if at all
the smell is super refreshing
it smells very lightly of ginger
the color is very red
after, my skin glows for days!
the mask is a terra cotta shade
(unlike the glam glow masks)
it's like a burnt orange/terracotta
it is a bit shocking at first a very reddish-brown hue
gives you a subtle glow
it smooths the skin and gives you a little glow.
i especially love the texture.
i feel like this is suitable for cool toned folks since the product is pink
note: i'm very fair with pink undertones
so can't speak to the effect on darker or more yellow-toned skin
i love the way this shines
it's softly tinted pink
overall glow to my skin
plus, who can resist a little extra glow?
it is not to shimmery at all!
it is not too shimmery
just a nice light do we healthy glow to my skin
if i do wear it alone i mix it with another lotion to tone down the shimmer to a soft glow
it is super glittery though
there is a huge sheen when you use the product
gives me the perfect glow
it gives her a glow
the glow is wonderful
it's not super glow
i love the light feel of this beautiful pink lotion
i love when my skin glows
i can use it itself or under my foundation for that perfect glow from within
a fresh look that is youthful
this product with honestly give you a beautiful luminosity through the most matte foundation
it smells amazing and gives a nice fresh glow.
if u like the luminous primer from becca
just ever-so-slightly sparkly
adds hydration plus a glow to your skin love love love this
has a sheer pinky tint that i assume is what adds the brighting
glotion is just a little more sparkly
glotion has a pinkish tint to it which may accentuate redness
at first i get a tingly cooling sensation
my skin literally glowed after one use
if you can get past the funky smell
complexion is smother/brighter
wanted to try a sample since the glam glow mud mask was too harsh for my skin
my face is also radiant
i love the way it smells
my skin is brighter
this product helps brighten my skin
this layers wonderfully over serums
happy skin is beautiful!
i love the subtle smell of this product
the packaging is just lovely
it glides on my skin feeling really luxurious
this product is perfect for oily
reminds me of the belif aqua bomb, very light.
it gives you a beautiful exfoliation
so i found this product on glow recipe.
the glow i had after though was great.
the scent is lovely and fresh.
my skin loves honey
i saw the video from the glow recipe girls
the scent is pleasant and not overpowering.
i do feel more glow like with the help of this cream
the scent is what i would describe as baby powdery
it is really creamy which is good for me
the perfume smell is a bit strong
the silky texture is awesome!!
my nose was a little tingly
her skin is so beautiful
mother's cold cream smelled like in the 50's
looks shiny for about 10 minutes
this would work beautifully as a daytime moisturizer under makeup
thanks to 3 generations of women with beautiful skin
also holds my makeup from the tacky thick texture of this
the women there have beautiful skin
who has flawless skin
my skin was glowing
including my highlighter glow
it is a bit thick with a tacky consistency
may coop raw sauce
please give this unassuming product a shot.
there is no scent.
packaging is simple and cute!
there is also a pleasant cooling
a lovely no rinse mask before bed
it gives skin a nice sheen that looks youthful
it gives you a little bit of a sheen
makes my skin firm and bright.
my face has never looked so radiant.
my skin looks glowy
it leaves a perfect subtle dewy glow.
this gives my skin a beautiful glow
my makeup goes on wonderfully
my foundation applies beautifully
it gives my skin a youthful glow
it gives the skin a smooth yet tacky texture good for gripping sun screen
at first i thought it looked a bit cakey
luminous i feel like a movie star
again it blends so beautifully
my skin looks plumper
my tinted moisturizer goes on even better
i set foundation with a spray to give a dewy look
i don't use this as an all-in-one as the girls from glow recipe suggest
the bottle is odd
this splash mask soothes
glow recipe recommends that you use this mask 1-2 a week
i feel like the green tea one is stronger in acidity than the honey citrus mask
it has a wonderful herbal scent.
this mask has brightened my skin
the purple one i got from another site
i love the purple one more
also works nicely to brighten the skin
this is a nice smelling.
this gave me a wonderful glow immediately.
my skin was glowing
my skin is radiant
i first found this product through glow recipe
i am really impressed by this serum/cream hybrid from blithe
my skin is glowing!
this "hidden gem" serum is an amazing find
this is another go to favorite from blithe.
my skin just glows
the area looked so bright
it leaves my skin glowing
leaves the skin fresh
my skin was also very radiant
it's got a strong ginger smell
actually brings a nice glow
will smooth out texture
radiant in one treatment
you will literally glow
it becomes creamy again
i like the smooth/creamy texture
love the tingling sensation it gives
skin is so smooth and bright after using.
leaves you with a radiant glow
my skin looks like porcelain
great way of making a luminous foundation work for oily girls
i mix this with my matte foundation
strangers have been commenting on how beautiful my skin looks
bouncy firm with moisture
glowy after one week
love the light weight texture.
the scent is refreshing
with this cream i felt a little tingling under my eyes which i loved
it brightens the area
my eyes looked luminous
smells lovely as well.
the texture of this cream is light
has a very pleasant scent to it
it smells a little funny
gives my skin a glow
i love the whipped texture
has a light scent too
my skin looks very shiny
it's the dreamy absorbed into your skin so that it's soft as a baby's bum kind
do nothing to give me the plump smoothness of youth i longed for
i could visually see my skin plump up
it is so creamy
porcelain like my skin looks
i love the thick creamy texture it feels so luxurious
makeup goes on beautifully over it
my dry sensitive skin feels lovely in the morning
the product is fluffy
the lala retro is more of a thick consistency when it comes out of the container
feels velvety on my skin
it's a very nice textured cream
indeed its texture is like a whipped oil.
definitely with an airy
whispy cream that glides on smooth
i find my skin so be radiant
love that it's natural
love the light gentle scent.
doesn't feel heavenly on the face
i'll take the weird smell over fragrance any day
love the texture, love the airless pump!
it dispenses just the right amountthe creme texture is amazing
i love the airless jar
this product is a thick creamy moisturizer that deeply hydrates
this cream makes my skin bright
it's a really beautifully cream that's not too dense
it just sinks beautifully into the skin.
i love the texture of this moisturizer, so rich!
the combination literally makes my skin look like dewy-beachy-summer skin
like the name says, it has a whipped texture.
it is a simple, luxurious feeling cream.
it makes my skin glow.
everything comes out beautifully
it keeps my skin glowing all day
creamy but not oily.
no fragrance makes its extra gentle.
goes on creamy and smooth, absorbs quickly.
it has a pleasant scent.
it has a nice tint, but not over powering.
beautiful airy whipped texture
i smelled no fragrance
my skin looks wretched
the scent is intoxicating
scent really isn't overpowering
it makes my foundation lie beautifully
miracle cream made from the diamond tips of unicorns
leaves a beautiful radiant glow
between my brows for the perfect pop of highlight
just a perfect glow with just the right amount of moisture
it gives your skin a lovely glow.
a very nice texture and lightness.
i love the scent
it's very rich smelling
there is a golden/rose hue
it adds the radiance
it does have a luminescent quality to it.
i also love the purple blue tube!
i get shiny from being hot
it has a nice fresh grapefruit scent instead of the typical acne medicinal scent
went on to buy bronze because i got a tan
it makes your skin glow from within
you can build the glow up
it glides on nicely
adds a beautiful glow to the skin
definitely adds a beautiful glow to the face.
it's shimmery, but not too much.
smells amazing, like orange sherbert.
it adds a nice glow as a primer on days when i want a natural
if i want a subtle highlight i use it on my high points then blend with a beauty blender
it does leave a little bit of a glow
you skin looks dewy and more youthful.
the scent does linger
it smells so delicious
natural glow that it provides
it leaves my skin glowy
the last thing i need is a glow!
this lightweight moisturizer added a luminescence to my skin that was quite lovely
so beautiful on the skin with a smell that makes you want to eat it for dessert
my skin looked amazingly radiant
great moisturizer to add a little glow!
the smell is wonderfully tropical without being overpowering
it was beautiful on my skin
it lends a nice shimmery look
it's quite pearly when i first put it on
i don't feel like i "glow" all day
maybe i dilute the glow??
i like the smell.
it gives off a beautiful subtle glow that looks amazing when the light hits my skin
not to mention the scent smells delicious
like sweet vanilla cake frosting
as he loves the scent also
it's a very pleasant orange sherbert smell.
the glow is a very subtle sheen honestly
the woman behind the desk said that i had the most beautiful glow
it gave me glowy skin
looks gorgeous under foundation or just alone
use when you're in the glowy mood (;
it brightens my face with a touch of natural glow
love the delicate scent too.
i mix this with my foundation for a lovely
sephora's cheek tint for a little blush
the soft glow, on naked skin, perks you right up.
it has a yummy orange creamsicle smell
was flattering considering i have tan olive skin
i received this in nude glow in my sephora play box
most of all i loved the orange creamsicle scent
try the pearl glow colour as well
it smells like happiness
it gives that perfect dewy glow without looking too wet
it kind of calls attention to it by adding shimmer to it
it's very sweet and smells really cheap.
in love with this .. beautiful natural glow
fast-absorbing cream that smells like sugary citrus
it gives my skin a beautiful glow
gives a lovely illuminating glow.
i got this in the nude glow and it's awesome.
it gives me a natural glow
it adds the perfect subtle glow
healthy glow to the skin without being too intense or sparkly
it makes my makeup apply beautifully
plus, the scent is delicious.
gives a gorgeous glow without looking like some manner of sparkly vampire stripper
my skin is very pale
i recommend this if you want a subtle glow
this was a first time product for me using glam glow
beautiful on my skin
it gave a beautiful glow.
the smell is def overwhelming though
this is stunning on my skin!!!!
smells like summer in a jar.
it has such a beautiful, subtle glow i just love.
this weird liminal product is subtle enough
layer my champagne pop over it while its damp for a gorgeous glow
smells like the pink starburst candy!
this gives a nice shimmery glow without being sparkly
or leaves me bright orange
it leaves a nude glow on my pink-pale toned skin
neutralizes the pink color
it makes my face sparkle like diamonds
it smells just like skittles mixed with a pink starburst
and it smells like the beach.
the light sheen this gives
the subtle energizing scent are great added bonuses
gives you a natural glow
scent that lasts all day
this product really does give your face a healthy glow without making you look like a glitter queen
it has a pinkish tone in the bottle
it smells like an orange dreamsicle when first applied
it gives a really lovely glow
it makes my skin very shiny
initially received this as a sample in the sun glow in my play box
was in love with the smell
and gives me a wonderful glow!
the glow is not over the top
smells like fruity pebbles.
it smells like childhood creamsicles
makes me glow gorgeously
i still love a subtle glow
i still like a dewy
i love this under a bb cream or light coverage foundation because it gives a subtle glow
don't love the glowy look
the scent smells like an orange creamsicle.
the scent reminds me of strawberry skittles
the nude glow makes my face look radiant
it is shimmery but subtle.
the shimmer is very faint
i got the shade nude glow
the texture is creamy
has some shimmer in it
third i love the glow dewey look
a bit of luminescence without it looking over the top
there is a light fragrance
this makes my skin immaculate!
i got this in the "nude glow" shade in my play!
it add just the right amount of glow.
adds just the right amount of glow without being glittery
fragrance is citrus-y
provides a nice healthy glow when foundation is applied over this
it's a bonus that it smells fruity and light!
my face looks dull or pale i just slap on some of this beauty in a jar
youthful glow that does not go away
dewy with a just enough shimmer to make my skin look
it immediately gives a gorgeous glow to the skin
made me feel like i was radiating
it gives the most beautiful glow.
it gives such a gorgeous
natural looking glow to the skin
i ended up buying the bronze color because i am tan skin
the bronze does have a nice tint
it does smell sweet, but i like it.
reminds me of a cheap orange popsicle.
i noticed the glow under my foundation
i love the smell and the slight glow.
gives your skin a lovely glow
i received multiple compliments on how radiant my skin looked
it smells like creamsicle
the glow is awesome
it has a light sweet smell like an orange cream a little bit goes along way instant highlight when applied
it's even beautiful on its own
perfect if you want to have that natural glow finish
it gives my skin a nice healthy glow to it.
glowy my skin looks when i use this
i don't mind the scent
has a beautiful shimmer to it
it seems to help smooth and brighten area.
it's helped to brighten my sun spots on my cheeks
i love the creamy but non greasy texture.
it has a slightly sweet scent
the smell is a little odd
it smells like rose hip oil
looks glowy in the morning
rose hip oil that is infused with an amazing array of botanicals
this product has a earthy
my skin has never been more clear and radiant.
the vanilla extract fragrance that is in the product is too strong for me
my skin is radiant all day- makeup stays put!
personally, i find it intoxicating!
it smells like a combo of vanilla and tobacco.
the result was just a beautiful healthy glow
leaves a natural lit from within glow so pretty!!
pleasant scent that goes away very quickly
it helps keep my skin glowing
this is a beautiful face oil.
my skin looks flawless.
the black color makes it kinda fun
nice subtle citrus scent
i love the scent
the tiny micro beads in this cleanser are awesome
leaves skin feeling silky smooth
i love the really small scrubby beads
i read reviews about a citrusy scent
the first thing i noticed was the smell it smelled like citrus fruits
the 2-1 cleanser smells amazing
this has become my holly grail of skin care
even dewy finish foundation was flaky
makes your face feel like a rose petal
leave faces smooth and has a pleasant scent.
it has a very fine grainy texture
love the peony line!
the creamy texture is heavy and silicone based.
it doesn't have a scent or a tint
i don't lose that lovely glow that the bb provides
the texture reminds me of porefessional by benefit
with a pink marshmallow texture
love the cool feeling of it
it creates a matte finish
creamy not oily- perfect for my combination acne prone skin
makes my skin silky smooth
reminds me of cinnamon bun icing
it blends out beautifully on top of this eye cream
blends beautifully to disguise my puffy under eyes
i love the way it smells
this is her third bottle of the egg mellow cream
i love the scent.
i actually enjoy the scent
it smells like cake batter
this product is divine
i love the scent of it
it's got this creamy as heck texture
smells like delicious cake
the smell is gentle and sweet.
this moisturizer literally smells like heaven
however this moisturizer is very creamy
i don't find the scent overwhelming
i like the smell, and the creamy texture.
first i love the smell and texture .
the scent of this cream being polarizing
it has a quite a strong cake batter smell
how lovely it makes my skin feel
leaving silky skin that is ready for foundation
it makes my skin so luminous
it has a soft clean smell, not perfumy at all.
i love how it glides on my skin
my skin also has a glow to it when i use it under or over foundation
eye cream that leaves skin glowing
i also love the smell.
also some lovely rosacea
looks after i apply my egg mellow cream
multipurpose lotion that has a subtly sweet scent
really a wonderful moisturizer for my blotchy red skin
provide a dewy youthful glow
how silky my skin appears
love the scent too.
it has a pleasant vanilla-ish sent that lingers for a while after application
box which is all about holiday glow!
it has a soft vanilla ice cream type of smell
start using this egg mellow cream
my skin had a beautiful finish to it
first, the scent is wonderful --- light, sweet.
it's creamy but not heavy.
the egg mellow cream is a 5 in 1 day cream
who doesn't want to try that?it's texture is both creamy
it looks like an egg texture
i like the smell
my skin was dull
the fragrance is nice :
i love the scent
my skin looks really dewy
fresh while wearing this
while there is a scent to it
i think it's a light fresh scent
other than the passing 'oh that's pleasant
it is so silky to apply
it brightens my complexion
my skin looks beautiful
foundation sites beautifully on this cream !!
it has a weird smell
it's more of a light, pleasant smell.
the smell is a little strange
the scent is cross between vanilla
it's unusual to have a strong scent for a facial cream
1 minus star for a strong scent
this moisturizer smells amazing!!
make your skin look so glory
i happen to enjoy the light scent
it's a combination of dewy and illuminating.
my skin radiates when i use it.
it gives your skin a natural glow
this moisturizer is beautiful.
this is basically just like the new glam glow one
gives off a nice glow
looks fabulous when i apply first then apply my foundation which is itcosmetics cc+ full coverage cream in tan
i love the luminescence it gives
the color is a champagne color
this light illuminating moisturizer helps my uneven complexion
i am in love with the shimmer in it
it illuminates my face nicely
it instantly brightens skin
you need an instant glow
this cream leaves skin bright
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
this hydrator made my skin stunning!
makes my skin glow without looking oily
has a subtle glow because of the golden particles
i love the texture
it has a subtle glow
it looks like golden pearls swirled into a moisturizer
i find that it imparts a natural glow
gives skin a nice glow
still have a glow to your skin
it definitely adds a little glow.
t gives your skin a nice glow because of the gold infused in it
i wash with coalface from lush
makes me glow for the $82cad price point i doubt i'd purchase this
it has a very watery texture with gold sparkles in it
i would suggest the glam glow one
the packaging is beautiful
it leaves a very pretty glow
truly perfect for any oily gals living in the south during the hot
small specks of gold give a nice glow to the skin
it's fresh, lightweight, and delivers.
who loves her glow while keeping her makeup in place
it gives you a gorgeous subtle glow from within
it gives this beautiful glow
like a 'lit from within' majestic goddess glow
feels like luxury in a bottle
the packaging looks so luxe on your counter/vanity
my face is glowing
it sits beautifully under makeup
perfects the texture of skin
i didn't notice the gold glow once i applied it to my skin
leave me a bit tacky
it wears beautifully under makeup.
it did not look cakey
my skin looked bright, matte and really natural.
your skin will have a beautiful glow to it
refreshing on the skin
delivers a glow to the skin
this water gel does impart an awesome glow
this moisturizer kept that all in one place not to matte not to shiny the perfect combo
it makes makes application so beautiful
luminous without being oily
looking glow all day
radiant without being greasy or oily
the gold in this product provides an instant "glow from within" look
the packaging is also lovely
it's coarse and gritty, but in a good way!
this product is gentle
it makes my skin glow
it was so fresh and glowing.
it's textured enough to offer the perfect exfoliation
i've noticed my face looks more radiant
i love that it's a pleasant smelling exfoliating face wash in the most convenient form i've ever used
it does have a grainy feel to it
i love the fine texture
i also like how it makes my skin look vibrant after using it
this goes on with a black/gray tint
s it becomes more of a light gray
than traditional walnut scrubs like st
the metallic color is fun
i even have a glow that a lot of people notice
this gives me instant glow
it has a very strong citrus aroma that made my eyes water at first
this mask is refreshing
my 9 year said oh mom that would be a gorgeous eyeshadow color
however to me it is a pleasant herbal smell
the orange holographic appearance of the mask
it does have an overwhelming smell similar to cheap citrus vodka
i love the citrus smell
i don't get how it smells like vodka
makes my skin tingle
noticed a healthier looking glow to my skin
the smell is strongish
i love a good citrus scent
the scent will about knock you over--to me it smells like a shot of vodka--
this one is gorgeous coming right out of the tube
it's a beautiful coppery shimmer.
definitely a strong alcoholic scent.
it has a strong citrus smell, i personally like.
a lot of my peach fuzz of my face
it does have a scent
i did a bouncy mask afterwards
gives it a nice glow
it smells a bit like citrus
sits beautifully under makeup
it has a light herbal smell which is nice.
my skin looks more dewy & youthful.
gives my skin a fresh
pretty flowers in the bottle
there are real flower petals in the bottle
i all like different smells
a little foundation or tinted moisturizer
an amazing gentle cleanser
from the scent to its wonderful cleansing properties
making my complexion more radiant
there isn't a strong fragrance to the foam
just a nature soapy scent
the scent is mild
the neogen green tea real fresh foam cleanser is fantastic
amount of the green tea cleanser
i really enjoy the rich foamy texture of it
because it is a green tea cleanser
the drunk elephant serum looks very nice
i love the way it smells
has no overpowering smell
it smells pleasant like green tea
park beauty water-another amazing product with natural citric aha's
green tea can sting
it's slightly herbal but not overpowering.
with in days my face has a glow
smells a little weird though
the green tea leaves floating at the bottom of this is super fun too look at
this cleanser truly is gentle on the skin
clean it zero radiance
it has a light scent
the foam is gentle
left my combination skin so clean and bright!
this product was really intriguing as it literally had green tea leaves in it
i also enjoy the smell.
it also has a nice, light, green tea fragrance.
made me 3 shades lighter
it's a very refreshing smell.
this foam feels like velvet
suede all put together
has the real cranberry
first of all, who doesn't love green tea?!
my skin looks brighter and feels fresh!
i think it's the green tea
the smell is very faint.
have price of glam glow
was instantly drawn to the tester because of its silky
the limited edition mango smells amazing
the texture is just gorgeous
i always wake up with such vibrant skin
i also love the packaging -- the glass jar with the rose gold lettering
skin is left glowing
one of the more gentle acids
the light exfoliation is perfect to clear
the over all tone brightening
i love that you can choose between scented
it smells really lovely
the packaging is so charming
it's made my skin look lovely
skin feels refresh and tight, w/ a nice glow.
packaging is super super cute on my shower shelf
it has really improved the oiliness of my combo skin
i love the cooling sensation.
it left my skin feeling bright and refreshed!
it had a very light fresh scent
i received this as a free sample with the uplifting miracle worker moisturizer
i received a sample of this along with the philosophy uplifting moisturizer
product goes on smooth and gives a glow.
it does have a scent
the scent is pleasant
the scent reminds me of baby powder.
gives you that k-beauty glow
i tend to have red tones to my skin
i love the delicate scent
this was my first product from glow recipe
it feels and looks luxurious.
light soy milk scent smells good.
i like the scent
the packaging is cute
the packaging is adorable
the scent is light
there is no fragrance it just smells fresh.
i personally love the refreshing smell
this removes all of my makeup and feels divine!
leaves my skin feeling soft, smooth, and radiant.
the smell is pleasant too!
very lightweight and slightly scented.
it smells like an old woman's perfume
my face looks fresh
also, i love the soft, subtle scent.
it feels very luxurious using
it actually feels luxurious on your skin
leaves your skin softer than any other oil with a delicate scent
the fragrance is light
it gets almost velvety.
has a light pleasant smell
this oil is super gentle and smells nice.
it leaves a dewy glow all day long.
i love the scent of their products
pampered after i use this oil
i find the smell pleasant and herbal.
it plumped up my skin and gave me a smooth glow .
the scent of the lancôme is lovely
love the scent and the feel.
it feels super luxurious
some have reviewed the strong perfume scent of this cream
makes my face look fresh and bright
it gives me a healthy glow
it worked beautiful under everyone's makeup
i actually loved the greenish smell
creamy for my skin
creamy for my skin
it gives a glow but not greasy looking.
love it.and it smells fresh
it honestly looks like smooth, glowing skin.
gives me a nice glow
similar to the way all lancome's foundations lean toward pink tones in order to brighten the skin of parisian women
many of whom have olive skin or golden undertones
that pink flushed glow we get after a workout
keeps my face dewy looking
josie maran's surreal skin balm on days i don't wear makeup
it gives my skin an amazing glow
i love it because it's not a shimmery or oily glow
just a kind of dewy awesome glow
has a nice silky feeling
a scent that's very fresh
first, the smell is fresh.
it gives off this incredible glow--like dewy
because it just gives this natural looking glow
it leaves skin fresh
this was really gentle
gives me a nice glow
it absorbs quickly and gives a nice glow.
i like to mix my tinted beauty balm with it to thin it out
definitely a must for anyone wanting a refreshing moisturizer that leaves you with a youthful glow
it makes me glow!
it does give me a subtle glow
i like the smell of it
it does have a slightly tacky texture to it
love the light formula and smell.
instantly gives me glowing dewey skin my makeup feels so good
this moisturizer smells like mango aloe which makes me know it's love at first sight
your skin glows and looks so beautiful after use.
i like how smooth it is will give your skin a nice glow
it leaves my skin very shiny throughout the day.
this mattifying moisturizer is great for my shiny t-zone
has a lovely smooth finish
gives a fresh smooth complexion when worn alone
it's great for oily skin and sun protection.
this gives me a beautiful matte finish on oily skin
my skin is very pale
my face is shine
it's a slightly thick texture
i especially love pairing this product with urban decay's primer potion because it puts my eyebrows
my makeup fresh looking
wouldn't make me shiny
i still use paula's choice shine stopper also
has a nice light fragrance
this one felt wonderfully matte immediately
its great for pale skin as it's got spf 20
leaves skin glowing and refreshed
i like the crisp refreshing scent.
i love putting on sublime every morning
knowing my skin is being infused with a treatment as well as having a beautiful opalescent glow
i don't notice much of a glow really.
it has pinkish shimmer in it.
gives it a natural glow-no glittery mess anywhere
has a pink hue to it
it provides a natural glow to my skin
leaves my skin looking luminous even when worn under make-up
i love this luminescent cream
my skin just glows
it gives me a beautiful natural glow
i am in love with the luminous glow that this moisturizer gives
youthful skinned woman- it was me with a soft glowing hue
i love the beautiful iridescent finish
nose were kisses by rosey angelic realness
my skin looked healthy, and radiant.
it faded to a luminescent glow that i'm sure made my makeup look better
the milky consistency feels a little strange at first
started taking evening primrose pills
as for the smell
not filled with artificial fragrances
i wake up with a beautiful glow
so many compliments of how gorgeous my skin was
it's a really gentle oil
the scent of the black cumin seed was a little overwhelming at first
i love the smell, the color, the name.
it smells a little weird
glowing since using it
my skin is brighter
it does smell weird
pungent scent that is pine-ish
it smells a little funky, but i don't mind it.
i actually enjoy the scent because it smells medicinal
without any artificial scents
my face is bright red before applying makeup.
why is it shiny?
the smell lingers forever
it is amazing mask i used two days a week feel fresh glowing smooth
the mask is chunky
lovely marmalade-like smell and consistency.
the texture is so weird
amazing scent and leaves your face feeling fresh!
i love the orange scent.
the scent is an invigorating citrus.
the consistency is like a chunky gel
my skin looked beautiful after using this
skin looked more radiant and felt amazing.
it smooths and brightens brilliantly.
reveals a fresh layer of glowing skin
my skin glows after use
it has a fun, fruity texture.
it dries nicely after 10 minutes with a gentle tingle
i expected that with a name like nectar
it's makes my skin just glow
my skin is glowing
smells sooo fruity delicious that i can't help taste it
while this mask smells fabulous
i found the strong citrus scent to be very uplifting
i like the fact that it is almost like putting apricot jam on your face
the results are firm and glowing skin.
the fresh ingredients of nectar in this product feels amazing on my skin
this instantly brightened my complexion
this mask offers a really gentle exfolation
works beautifully on all areas of my super-combo skin
it looks so radiant
also the smell is absolutely delicious!
it has a fun jam like texture with tiny bits of citrus
the texture is fine to me.
it tastes just like orange
the crushed fruit smells amazing
my skin just glows its amazing
made my skin radiant within one use!
a very natural orange smell
the chunks of fruit make this mask feel so luxurious
this is a gorgeous mask!
it's a beautiful mask that only requires a thin amount
the texture is like jam... which i found odd.
brightening--brightening for me
this stuff makes my skin glow
this is such a lovely, fresh mask.
it seriously looks like marmalade
first impression is that it smells gorgeous
my skin looked brighter
it smells like oranges!
it helped with my texture
gave a subtle glow the first use
leaves your skin fresh
i immediately noticed a glow
aside from it smelling delectable
i saw a glow to my skin
not only does this smell delicious
my skin looked brighter, and less dull.
my face is always luminous
kind of reminds me of clementines or oranges.
within one use my skin looked so radiant
it smells just like fresh fruit
it's scent was delicious fruity tangy smell.
found my skin looked very vibrant
this feels like putting orange marmalade on the skin
i like the smell
love the fruity smell n skin is so smooth n glowing after just one use
the smell is heavenly!
it did give me tingly feeling which i loved
this is a 50% real fruit mask ladies
stay glowing, friends x
clear i felt like a glowing goddess
i found myself to have the same peachy glow moments after i washed off the mask
has the texture of jam
looked like mango preserves to me
makes skin bright and dewy, highly worth it.
it instantly brightened my skin
smells amazingly fresh and natural!
you will glow after using this!
skin just glows after this mask.
the texture of the mask itself is a little off-putting as it reminds me of orange marmalade
it's because of the real crushed citrus fruits
it is kind of chunky
this is perfect for my combo/oily skin.
i also like the mild, tofu-like smell.
my skin feels so luxuriously smooth
it looks more radiant than ever
there's a natural fresh aroma that i quite enjoy
this has just enough shimmer to give my skin a glow without it looking like glitter
i also think the pink tone
use it on top of another moisturizer just for the beautiful natural glow
tell me how beautiful my skin is
the smell is so relaxing
some people say the scent is overpowering
i love the scent
has a yummy floral scent that's refreshing
s a touch of glow to my skin
it makes my makeup look effortless and natural.
sinks in with a beautiful
the product definitely has a distinct fragrance
i find it nicely floral --
a fresh scent to support feelings of calm
i assume its texture is from the diamond particles they leave some sparkle on your h
you can wash it off along with the slight rosy smell that's due to the moisturizer the brown tint is a little unexpected
this paired with the illuminating eye crème
it gave me a natural glow
this has such a beautiful glow
the scent is natural
it certainly gives your skin a gorgeous glow.
i must say that i was never a huge fan of tata harper's moisturizers/serums due to the strong floral scents
the floral scent is not too strong
the package design is also gorgeous
love the silky-ness of the creme.
the illumination of the cream is also nice.
note it smells like pine needles at first
it seemed to get cakey
the smell, the feel,the illumination!!!!
helichrysum’s floral scent is included to help you relax
illuminating eye cream that softens the area around the eyes
i paired this with the illuminating moisturizer
skin looks bright overall
the effect is beautiful
has a bit of shimmer in it
it gives a bright eyed effect
it gives you a nice glow without looking like your covered in makeup
although it leaves a very shimmery trail wherever you applied it
it smells sweet in a nostalgic, fruity way.
texture of the illuminating line that just came out
the floral scent is not too strong
first love the citrus smell
the smell is a light m
the pink color of the fluid
this mask brightens my skin every time!
comes out as a beautifully fun iridescent color.
i love the way this smells
it's a pearly opal color
it's soothing on the face
honestly looks kind of cool with the pearlescent sheen
it's definitely a creamier mask than the black mask
it leaves it smooth with a slight luminous glow
it leave you skin with an awesome glow
it has little shimmering left after you peeled it off
reminds me of the glam glow purple jar mask that turns silver just cheaper
makes skin luminous and fresh in one use!
this mask is very similar to the glam glow firming mask
it has a pretty white pearl iridescent color
it is a lovely product
gives you a glow like no other product out there
the look of it is pearlescent
gorgeous on the skin.
gives you a lovely lit from within healthy glow to my skin while leaving it feeling softer
almost unnoticeable except for the beautiful glow it leaves
it does have a pearlescent hue to it
i love how cushiony this eye cream is
i also love how the cream is somewhat pearlescent
that slight ethereal radiance brightens up my under eyes so beautifully
which i find pleasant
while i do love nice fragrances
the belif troubled skin cleanser will be a staple in my am routine because i love the light energizing tea tree scent in the am
i love the smell of tea tree oil
i love the foaming texture
it smells mostly of tea tree oil
healthy all while being the perfect foamy companion to my beloved clarisonic mia
it leaves that glowy look
fragrance free so that's perfect
when you rub it over the face you'll experience the delightful
feels more like a gentle massage
love this unique form of a cleanser!
it is so pleasing and aromatic.
from the natural ingredients to the wonderful scent
smells great and has a calming effect.
i think it smells like lemony
not only does it feel luxurious
the warming sensation is really relaxing
was using glam glows thirsty mud which didnt have a lasting difference
brightened skin and loved the warming sensation.
it smells like sausage though
it quickly becomes creamy
it smells kinda funky.
but it does radiate warmth on your skin.
i loved the texture
left my skin glowing i have rosaceo
i love how the sticky honey turns into a creamy
was ultimately pulled in by the gorgeous packaging
it gives you such a healthy glow!
it also turns from a honey color to milky when applied
immediately on contact you feel the warmth
if the seductive warmth of the mask isn't intoxicating enough
make your skin glow
i like the pleasant warming sensation
the jar looks adorable
this mask is brightening
the warming effect is very soothing!
the mask had a pleasant warming sensation
silky smooth after using
my skin has never glowed this much!
s the soft gooey texture of the mask
smoothes my skin so beautifully
it really is a gorgeous product
i love the warming sensation.
the warmth relaxes my pores open.
the way it smells
i can feel the warmth opening my pores
the redness dwindles to a pinkish tone
it smells sort of like a campfire
i love how it transforms from a sticky "orangey" product to a white cream on your skin
the way it turns into a creamy mask as you massage it into your face is so cool
left my complexion glowing
the smell is really delicious
the warming effect makes me feel like i'm at a spa
the skin looks radiant
it has such a soothing, tingling feeling.
my skin is bright
the mask is luxurious on the skin
smell is not overpowering
i love the warming sensation and the smell.
fuzzy feeling wears off
the mask just feels calming
smells more like an organic product
it was a very pleasant warming/tingling feeling
i enjoyed the warming feeling
that warming sensation made me feel like i was in the spa
loved the warming feeling.
it not only gave me a more radiant complexion
this really brightened my skin
soft-touching skin which i expected since it the packaging it so beautiful like honey
i love the warming sensation of the mask.
just use this to hydrate and glow.
really makes my skin luminous
if glam glow was a little harsh for you
after a few minutes her skin looked beautiful
i love the warming feeling .
it truly does feel like a luxurious
it makes my face smooth and gives it a nice glow.
it warms up and feel lovely.
i suggest buying an inexpensive pillow case as it is a little gooey
the warming sensation is very calming
it makes my skin glow more
adding the honey potion is welcomed addition cause it makes my skin flawless
a very pleasant foamy texture when applied to the face
it's a very gentle wash
from the warm tingle to the smell to the consistency
it smells like smoke.
when you remove it it makes your face glow
i also like the citrus smell of this wash
it's gentle, non-drying, and smells great.
smells refreshingly like grapefruit
it also has a nice grapefruit scent.
this wash is very gentle and smells like citrus.
skin is starting to glow
it does have a citrus scent
it does smell weird
i love the shimmer my skin has after applying product
it's dewy and shimmer all in one.
the most beautiful glow you'll ever have
it gives my skin a beautiful dewy glow all day
the white pearlescent is perfection
i love everything from fresh
i've also mixed a tiny dab in with my tinted moisturizer if i want to look especially dewy
cupid's bow does a beautiful job of giving you a well-rested luminous glow
this illuminating glow cream is marvelously perfect
it blends beautifully with a pear-like glow.
it packs a beauty punch
i found a sheer mineral powder to create a glowing flawless finish
this cream gave me a nice shimmer mid day when my face felt so blah
i don't think it's too glittery or bright.
all-over glow without adding color like a tinted product would
has a beautiful scent too.
gave me a gorgeous glow!
it's the perfect "i glow
its not shimmery, it's perfection.
it's super gentle on my skin
the light cucumber-floral smell makes me happy every time i use it
i just recently switched from the tarte rainforest of the sea cleanser to this
it made my face look naturally radiant
i love the smell (but i like natural smells).
this is perfect for a gentle wash in the morning to freshen the skin
your skin is left silky smooth
with in a week i noticed my skin started to glow
it plumps my skin so beautifully
didn't interact weirdly with the gel
penetrates all the goodness to my face looking glowing
can get textured in the winter time
this product does have a scent
however the smell reminds me strongly of the signature aveda scent
my skin just glows with this.
your skin will just have a beautiful glow all day with this
radiant while i used this
it smells really yummy too.
also has a lovely, mild scent.
love the smell of it
i love the scent.
i love this product because it provides lasting moisture that creates a subtle glow
the smell is pleasant to me
it has a subtle fresh smell
my skin is plumped instantly
plump, hydrating, beautiful skin.
it is a perfect edition to my brightening system
the smell is light
it has a lovely scent
something between a creamy milk
the only quip about this product is that you cannot use the metallic tin provided to store the bar
my skin is glowing
it feels so blissful
the scent is just delightful
the smell is exquisite
the way my skin looks in the morning is radiant
skin instantly looks brighter
my skin felt totally smooth and radiant.
it has a pleasant, very faint scent.
this gave my skin a very youthful glow
my skin is brighter
what's left behind made my skin feel so luxurious
more glow-y than my 18 year old skin ever did
my skin looked radiant
my skin is glowing
most radiant skin afterwards
makes my skin just glow for days after using it
your skin feels like silk after
after novelty wears off
my skin is positively glowing
my skin glows after.
it is higher in quality than glam glow masks
i love glam glow products
i feel like my skin also had a nice glow.
it leaves a silky film
he had this great glow to his skin
removal had an ever-so-slight tingly feeling to it that was delightful
my skin looks so refreshed and bright!
it really makes your skin glow
it starts with the wonder aroma of ocean
delivers deep hydration and beautiful plump skin.
it's super fragranced not an unpleasant scent
the sea goodness this contains
i wake up with lovely
almost has a glow to it
the smell is a little offputting it smells like floral baby powder
i personally love the light scent
sales lady was really sweet
my skin is so smooth and glowing!
i enjoy the glass bottle pump
it's like fresh salad for your face.
i love the clean smelling fragrance.
it is a gentle formula
cruelty free it actually is beautiful on the skin
i love natural products
i love the fresh scent.
i love this cleanser so much it smells amazing leaves my face moist
it smells like kale
calming for my skin
also takes off makeup like a charm
a pleasure to use due to a pleasant texture
love that it has no added fragrance
super gentle on skin
i love the refresh scent
barely has a scent but it's pleasant.
so yummy and summery and natural.
it smells so fresh
"green" if that makes sense
this cleanser literally smells like pure ingredients/nothing artificial
the smell is pleasant
the bottle is sleek
this cleanser has a divine scent.
the glass jar makes it a nice touch.
oh and the smell is so nice and fresh.
i love the scent
similar to a green smoothie smell
the bottle is beautiful
i love that this cleanser has a fresh
i enjoy the smell.
i just want to have some red wine with my medium rare burger
my skin looks beautiful
brightened my skin looked after using this cleanser
the scent of this is calming
you can really smell the greens
the glass bottle is so chic in person
the natural scent is subtle and fresh.
like a refreshing cucumber scent
love the smell and the glass bottle!
has a nice, fresh scent.
comes in a glass bottle which i love.
doesn't make it look cakey
it's even got this healthy glow to it
my skin looked so luminous
before using this cream i was in love with clarins blue jar silky cream
loved the simple ingredients
has a nice, fresh smell.
my skin seemed duller
it has a pleasant, very light and natural scent.
pampered after using this
subtle neutral smell--pleasant
this is a lovely lotion.
leaves my skin glowy
i also like the scent, it's very light and green.
it doesn't have a strong fragrance
this stuff is super gentle
it smells so good like freshly squeeze green juice
the smell is very subtle.
which is the smell
has a light earthy smell
dewy after i used it :
super lightweight and smells nice and fresh!
has a fresh natural smell.
if i want a glow in the morning
it has a nice fresh smell that fades quick
my skin is glowing.
under my sun protection.
did not break me out like the glow moisturizer
i liked the idea of green on my skin
it works beautifully whichever way
for anyone saying it feels cakey
"am i putting salad on my face?"
makes my skin brighter
with a really healthy glow
it blends so nicely
i am a natural redhead
red undertones in my skin
such a small amount covered my rosy cheeks perfectly
didn't accentuate my pores
this product makes me look flawlessly airbrushed
even under this fluorescent lighting
i am light skinned
i am super pale
no red is getting through this thick heavenly paste
my skin feels lovely
it does not appear textured at all
since it usually looks cakey on me
i wasn't expecting something with tint
although the color is a tad bit dark for my skin
it blends in beautifully
- covers the red with a beautiful
it covers beautifully without being cakey
couldn't take the tall price tag
it seemed way too cakey
my skin looks flawless
on my cheeks it's magic
it's a perfect base for contouring
i am medium/fair with yellow undertones.
feels silky on the skin
this makeup looks the best for my pale skin tone
because it's a color corrector
the finish is beautiful
my "winter" skin shade is pale
flattering for older skin
realized i needed yellow not green for my skin tone
light-medium/blonde with roseacea
no shine all day.
the fluffier end to blend it out
this really buffs out the redness in my pale skin
comes off easily with my lush dark angels cleanser
your homegirl has naturally red skin
it's sits nicely with moisturizer
the shade is perfect on my light olive skin tone
it gives my skin a lovely porcelain look.
or a tall latte that is tons of foam #disappointing 2
my skin is light to fair with quite a bit of pink undertone
i am very pale
like the coverage and texture
blend it with a beauty blender that has been dampened
i got the light shade version
i put this magical cream on
the natural beige blends seamlessly with my skin tone
it dries to a beautiful almost matte finish
seems to blend in with my skin
as its great tone mine down to a "natural blush" appearance
tons of green color correctors
it's perfect for my skin tone
bye bye redness is beige in color
i've struggled with the ugly green color correctors
my entire cheeks are a bright red color.
it's definitely made for light/medium skin tones
citrus smell that feels like sunshine on the face
my skin has looked more radiant for sure.
this one works like a charm
also, it's gentle on my skin.
can experience some flaky
it has a kind of waxy smell that is not appealing
i love this gentle makeup remover.
it's a lovely experience using this balm
it's a rich balm that melts into a silky oil
its gentle on the eyes
it is not a pleasant smell to me.
is gentle on the skin
it's silky, smooth formula helps melt all away.
my caudalie gentle cleaner in the morning
the balm does smell a little odd
i just don't like the smell cause it doesn't smell clean or have any fragrant to it
as a bonus it smells like juicy fruit!
melts right away with the warmth of your skin
it glides on like silk
relaxing texture to rub into your face.
the texture is perfect
leaves you skin looking silky smooth
hides pores better than tarte
it blurs and helps smooth out texture on my skin.
it's so silky smooth
reminds me of the hourglass primer
brighten around my eyes
brightens my under eye
which i find pleasant
it has a pleasant smell as well.
all with a cooling sensation that i find really pleasant
creamy so a little goes a long way
i am fussy with eye cream.
because it is so creamy
i really love the texture of this eye cream.
this is so gentle
the consistency feels like heaven
my eyes love this cream.
it makes my eyes look bright & not puffy.
my dark circles are lighter
dark circles are less dark.
it's a light gel texture
i love the texture
it does tingle some
my skin was a little tacky after application
00 out the sephora gilded gates
the smell is pretty pleasant
it's like a waxy texture so that was odd
it does have a strong citrus scent which i like
also shiny throughout the day
the minute i put on this moisturizer my face became so radiant
suddenly it was dewy
tingly sensation on my face
/ though the scent is pretty lemony i enjoy it like a good cup of tea
fresh look to my complexion
it has a light citrus smell and a creamy texture.
it literally felt like i was applying a luxurious skin
it has a nice subtle citrus smell.
wake up with beautiful
it smells like cheap men's cologne!
the smell is clean
this cream gives you a dewy glow
the smell is light and relaxing.
a different fab night cream
love the texture, moisturizes nicely.
the scent is light
my skin looks lovely
i love the slight lemon-y smell as well
i enjoy the smell
i wanted it to smell like peppermint
feels nicely moisturized plus has a radiant glow
have a beautiful glow to my skin
love the citrusy scent.
the natural glow alone had me sold!!!
the scent is refreshing too.
i love the smell of the cream
very light hint of lemonish/ginger smell
loving the price for this prestige cream!
plus the smell is so calming
it smells lemongrass-ish
love this cream- light citrus scent
it is much smoother, softer and more luminous!
it's a heavier cream and has a lemon scent.
my skin is brighter
it goes on lovely
it definitely makes your skin glow
my skin is glowing- using both am
my skin is left bright and glowing.
no fancy packaging or scent
evens out skin tones
although i find the scent to be pleasant
it's perfect for nighttime
he liked it because it's odorless
no more pink tone
i love the light herbal/plant fresh scent.
it has a very grassy smell to it almost like eucalyptus
it sits beautifully underneath my sunscreen
especially when paired with the tiger grass color corrector
it's a thicker cream-colored cream that reminds me of the texture
i wouldn't recommend this as a daytime moisturizer unless your skin is at an otherworldly level of dry
gave me a beautiful porcelain base to work with
kinda earthy spa ish
i love earthy and essential oil scents.
greasy texture at first
my skin also looked plumped
it reminds me of my favorite skin cleanser from lush calling angels on bare skin
this reminds me of tiger balm
i love the cooling sensation
the scent is actually quite pleasant.
absorbing with a slight herb scent
really more of a creamy matte feel- not oily
my skin looks like i'm wearing light foundation.
if you are fair skinned with red
have thought that caking on foundation was the only way to have beautiful skin
it blends beautifully into the skin
this cream has evened out my skintone nicely
the shade is best suited for light to medium skintones i think
freckled skin with rosy undertones
this gave my skin a healthy glow
the color of the product turned from green to my skin color within seconds
dark for my very fair colored skin
your skin is glowing after applying it
it turns from a green color to beige
it also feels lovely on the skin
underneath my sephora collection 10-hour wear perfect foundation
this one goes from light green to beige which helps blend in with my skin
i like these scents
just for an extra glow
i am not using it for the summer as i need a pinkish "glow"
tend to have red undertones
neutralized my new lobster red hue
'd recommend layering with blush
good for a natural dewy look
applying orchid youth preserving oil
my skin was beautiful
it also works great as a tinted moisturizer base.
this evens out my light olive undertone skin.
this practical yet luxurious formula makes me feel chic
the lady at the store i went to was so sweet
except for its faint tiger grass scent
i am light to medium skin tone with red undertones
turns into the perfect shade to give me an even skin tone without looking or feeling cakey
i am very pale
the kind that was "rosy" when i was young
it looks like i have a natural glow.
behold it really is color changing
it works perfectly under my tarts rainforest of the sea foundation
as a color corrector, amazing!!
my complexion is perfect
this stuff is fantastic at hiding the redness without being cakey
the smell is pleasant
the greenish cream transforms in yellow
never has been a sun worshiper so her skin is beautiful
gentle on the skin
without leaving a green tint
it can look a little cakey at times
it even takes the purple out of my dark circles.
it smells like lemon grass
may coop raw sauce
it's super gentle on your eyes
has a pleasant subtle scent
it's soothing to the skin
its fragrance is quite pleasant
has a nice faint minty smell
the way they smelled
including my dark blue
i liked the texture of the product
my skin feels dewy
unlike the famous clinique balm which still leaves quite a bit of residue
i wear the tarte waterproof lights
i already use the white charcoal setting dpray which i love
it won't have a floral scent to it
the idea of a charcoal oil balm really intrigued it
this product is magical
from lush or cleasing milk from soap
the smell is fresh and pleasant.
i wasn't a fan of the texture nor the scent
the beautiful milky cleanser it becomes when you add water to it
it smells kind of too earthy for me
the one thing i have to mention is that it has a strong smell of herbs
kinda like green tea
my skin looked plumped
it looks white for a moment
this prepares my face for makeup beautifully in the morning
t's hard to get that glow without looking greasy
the scent is pleasant too
my skin is glowing
the scent is very relaxing
the texture of this cream
this cream smells divine
sweet without being overwhelming
it has that classic
i also got this as part of the power of the petal set
my skin looks fresh
the smell is amazing in a fresh way not perfumey
most gorgeously light spring scent
i find the scent to be very calming.
i woke up with beautiful, soft supple skin.
really lightweight texture, fragrance-free.
my skin is bright
its silky texture on your face
a daily moisturizer that goes on beautifully
the scent is mild, not florally or fruity at all.
it's super light and silky.
it reminds me of organza or cashmere
love the lightweight texture
and it gives a subtle dewy effect.
there's no oiliness at all
the smell isn't your typical floral or fruity makeupy smell
it gives me a nice glow
i love the way it smells
i mix it with a little noni face glow oil by kora
my first impression of the smell was hibiscus flowers with a little vanilla
it's a subtle scent at that
leaves my skin looking naturally fabulous
this leaves a fresh hydrating glow
give a subtle glow when worn under foundation
it has the most perfect luxurious
has no sketchy fragrant ingredients
it makes me feel beautiful
it's a pleasant tingly sensation.
i like beauty products that are all natural
i even find the scent of this veil refreshing.
it has a scent of fresh cut hay with a scent of vanilla
i love the very fresh
instantly my face looks more youthful
the consistency is lovely
i also like the scent
then adds a dewy luminous glow to my skin
a lot of natural products come in strange bottles or jars that look hippy
i also loved the scent
one of my biggest issues with other moisturizers was the scent -- either too strong/perfumey or chemical smelling
this scent is very subtle
had a clean fresh smell to it
there were no harsh scents either
i found the scent fresh
silky my face felt
it has a nice mild scent
airy at the same time
also smells so delightful
i actually like that lxmi hasn't covered up the scents of the plants in the product with perfumes
instead it smells like natural oils that i love to use
let me state that this is a natural dewy look rather than a oily dewy look that others promote
i found this product extremely luxe
it also smells fresh
radiant skin that brighten my face
the scent reminds me of tea, which i don't mind.
it also smell a bit like coconut with a hint of chocolate/cocoa
la prairie skin caviar
supple canvas to work with when the sun is up
i wake up with glowing, refreshed and smooth.
i feel plumped and luxuriously taken care of.
i love the texture
it's amazing as a hair tamer
makeup wears so beautifully too :
lxmi is super luxurious from the packaging design
i love the texture
the texture starts off a little gritty
the smell of this melt is very subtle
first off, there is a very light, natural, scent.
it is so lovely!
this balm is my new holy grail!
the packaging is luxurious
it comes with an elegant spatula to help keep it free from contamination
very pleasant for an unscented because sometimes those have kind of a tangy smell
i did find it likable
it has a nice "herby" smell
very fine shimmer to the gel
the product feels very luxurious under the eye
the tip is really soothing
radiant as if winter doesn't exist
has no scent which i appreciate
the prettier the smell?
my skin looks brighter.
the smell is intense
it has a great spreadable texture
all of her products have a very natural floral smell that doesn't bother me at all
the moisturizer does have a strong scent as you first smell it
my skin is so silky smooth
it leaves your skin with a radiant glow
the scent is amazing
it does have a funky smell to it which isn't horrible to me
it very florally and fresh, but light.
gives your skin that nice " white" amazing glow
all together it makes my combination skin with uneven texture looks radiant
not too oily, nice dewy look.
mixed with the cleansing foam moist it's awesome
texture is creamy once applied to skin
i love the mild smell
it gets a nice milky consistency
it's really hydrating and lovely.
it's amazing for dark puffy eyes
no weird overpowering smells.
my skin is glowing immediately.
it's a nice thick texture that spreads easily
it smells like sun flowers
it hydrates my skin and helps it to glow.
although it was a tad dewy for me
mother who find the quality of the product very luxurious
thé cleansing oil is amazing
the packaging of the powder makes it a breeze to pour out the perfect amount of product
the silk cream was fabulous
is super gentle on my skin
the rice exfoliater is gentle
luxurious but wish the cleanser was gentler.
the packaging is really elegant
on top of cream contour if it's hard to blend out
looks beautiful under makeup
this works perfectly as a gentle makeup remover
leaves my skin glowing in the desert i live in.
i wake up with a glow
its a really rich cream that creates little white patches at first
my face was glowing
and its soooo thick and so buttery.
my face was so bright
it is perfect to use at night overtop of my serums
it smells so good but not perfumy.
what i especially loved about it is the glow it gave my skin
face gave my skin a gorgeous glow
i notice my face looks more vibrant and smooth.
add some tint to it for day
i love the way it makes my skin glow when i wake up the morning of
the cream is a touch rich.
this stuff is so comforting on the skin it makes my skin glow
this face cream is so silky
gives me a beautiful glow!!!
it doesn't have an overwhelming perfumed smell nor an overly earthy odor like some oils
this is heavenly on my irritated skin
my glow is back
skin is looking bright
gorgeous with out heavy makeup
sea mud bar both smell amazing
sea mud bar both smell amazing
i wasn't expecting such gorgeous packaging to carry the products in
the box is sturdy
my skin actually looks radiant!
the packaging is convienent and chic.
my skin is glowing
this is perfect for travelers with oily skin like me
this gives a really nice glow to my skin
leaves that feeling of freshness that i love after cleaning
my skin looked dull because of the sun.
the packaging is convienent and chic.
its gentle on my skin
left me with a healthy glow
my skin felt so lovely!!
looks very chic on my bathroom counter
the box that is comes in serves as a soap dish.
the package does have its beautiful iconic pattern on it
a pleasantly-scented gel cleanser
is very fragrant like a unisex cologne
i liked the smell of the oil
comes in adorable packaging
it's faded the blemishes
my face feels more supple and bright.
it has a unisex marine scent that is pretty light
it also smells fresh and clean!
also gives skin a beautiful glow when used consistently
sea mud bar both smell amazing
first, the packaging is very chic and modern.
she loved it and had beautiful skin.
the smell of the product was unique.
i disliked the scent
it feels so luxurious
it's a nice luxurious treat
i love the smell of the soap.
left my skin smelling sooo good
i plan on bringing this set with me because it makes my skin look radiant
but omg this has made my skin radiant !!
it's given me a glow i love
the oil has a pleasant jasmin scent
and best of all i see a glow !!
glowing not greasy within one application
softer with a natural glow
the product was gentle
my skin is glowing
the soap is really gentle
the soap has an exhilarating natural smell
this is a lovely set.
it's has a nice light scent
absorbing oil that smells just like roses
instead it had an amazing glow
it is like a hard plastic with a beautiful erno design
after using the overly-perfumed dior oil
double cleanse and erno laszo is fabulous.
the bar wasn't super soothing
and makes my skin glow!
my skin is a velvet dream
the only part i did not care for was that it was a floral scent
it has a very mild and soothing scent.
it would blend perfectly
no scent which i appreciate!
the cleansing bar cons of my skin beautifully
the soap is gentle
the cleansing oil is chock full of skin loving ingredients like green tea
it literally makes my skin glow
my skin is glowing
i love that the packaging doubles as a soap dish for the bar
it removed my makeup beautifully
creamy mask that gives the face a fantastic glow with subtle hydration
cleansing oil: the oil is luxurious to the touch that soothes dry
the bonus is a gorgeous travel box
with a modern geometric print that is made of sturdy hard plastic
the oil is lovely
the beautifully designed plastic
the mild scent is perfect
smells can really be overpowering
it's also so gentle.
i like the light scent of the oil
even the packaging is adorable
it has a bubblegum-like smell.
it works wonderfully on my skin
bottle in wonderful sturdy box that was neatly packed in amazing design
gentle on my skin i love the bar of soap the most
foamy or creamy cleansers
the fact that it is a green grainy mask also adds a bit of i actually quite like the scent
it's got a bit of the matcha scent
wish it'd smell a little bit more green leafy though
it rather has more of a creamy scent next to the matcha one for me
there's quite a bit of grainy particles
my face look super bright
this matcha mask doesn't leave the skin feeling as soft
the scent is almost grassy.
i prefer good ingredients to harmful nice-smelling fragrances though
i recommend either this mask or the rosy one
the smell was not pleasant
love this eye cream!
my eyes look beautiful
love this eye cream!
this is a beautiful eye cream.
makes under eyes glow
the skin under my eyes is really crepe-y
i really love the texture of this cream
this cream is so soothing
smells heavenly love the results
it's the perfect eye cream for morning
has a slight lemongrass smell to it
it has a light pleasant smell
my skin looks plumper
my skin feels bouncy
no funky smells either.
my skin looked glowing in the morning
it smells like raw honey.
to me it smells just like beeswax/honeycomb
plus i love the smell of honey it feels very natural
the smell is definitely raw honey
not super sweet or anything
it is mica glitter in extremely small pieces so gives a gorgeous glow wthout overkill
honey smell of this product
it smells just like fresh honey.
beautiful, glowing, hydrated skin in its place!
and as an added bonus, it smells like honey.
i feel luxurious applying this.
it does smell like raw honey
it's a fresh smell to me.
this is so soothing
there is a scent to it
it smells like raw honey.
chemicals in our products that we are off-put by the earthy scent of natural products
my skin has a beautiful glow thanks to this salve
in my experience most of the shimmery specks get covered after my foundation
this stuff is perfect for a nighttime winter moisturizer
i love the faint scent of honey.
i am loving the natural ingredients
expect gently remind me of honey
the smell is light
it smells really nice in the tin
the smell is a little off-putting--it smells like a mixture of tea
it feels like velvet
the rooibos is probably my favorite mask discovery of 2016
it gives me a nice dewy glow
when i want a bit of glow without blinding everyone in the office
gives me a really nice glow
i love that this makes my face shine
subtle glow that was not too glittery at all
another great product from tarte!
a little dollop mixed into primer for all over glow or dabs to highlight
love this highlighting moisturizer makes my skin look dewy
it gives a very natural glow
this was comforting to the face as well as adding a slight sparkle that made me feel sexy
like one of the twilight vampires
you'll just look like a shimmery hot mess if you do
it yields a beautiful soft glow
i find that this product blends in perfectly
made my skin glow
it made my skin look so beautifully highlighted in a subtle
leaves my skin with a kind of angelic sheen
it also seems to have almost an irridescent pink sheen that still looks natural
it makes your skin super sparkly outside
it gives a natural glow without all the effort of highlighting
was thinking that i'd glow like a christmas tree
this moisturizer is perfect for a very subtle glow when worn alone
it looks like a sheer iridescent nail polish.
my skin has a subtle glow
this has a very light glow
it is very glowing.
it was super shimmery which i loved
the one that comes in the naked flushed palette
i love being shimmery so this was perfect!
combining it with my foundation makes my skin look dewy
the glow is amazing
my skin looked flawless
this product actually gives a really nice subtle glow
the shimmer that is has is very subtle in indoor lighting
poppin in the sun
it has that dewy glow as a finish
i love to just wear it even without makeup just to embrace the inner glow
looks great when paired with the tarte rainforest of the sea foundation
i love to look at dewy
i don't think it's overly sparkly at all it's beautiful get a sample
enjoyed how it made my face look radiant
gives a stunning all over glow
even under makeup, it maintained the glow.
this is the type of highlight that gives you this dewy glow from within look not your average "instagram" highlight
it's a stunningly glowing moisturizer.
to make the glow more wearable
it's also gorgeous on the collarbones
its a very subtle shimmer, no large glitter.
i only see the sparkles in intense sunlight
i see a beautiful shimmer once you put this on
gives your skin the most beautiful glow
it's perfect under powder to give a hint of a dewy glow
if you love sparkle
i loved that it was sparkly
i personally love the sparkles in it
if you love shining
this moisturizer did not make me glittery at all- it left a bit of a luminescence
so this has a pearl-like luminescence.
cool purplish shimmer without looking freaky
i love it on my neutral leaning-cool pale skin
it gives me this glowing
to me its just a really fine shimmer
it looks lovely under make up
it reminds me of the becca backlight primer.
it just gives you a very luminous glow!
this is not glittery in any way, it is shimmery.
i love how it gives a glow to the face
yes it adds a dewy glow
a sheen of extremely faint hint of micro shimmer
a light to medium skin tone
turns it into a healthy dewy glowy beautiful skin
under a light foundation it gives you a subtle glow
it gives your foundation a dewy finish.
the glow is lovely
it is such a strong glow, yet subtle.
it is very shimmery
like a b+bw diamond shimmer mist
the glitter isn't chunky
it just gives you a nice sheen.
like a nice glow to my skin
it gives a great glow.
beautiful glow to my skin
it made the tops of my cheekbones look so dewy
it isn't over powered with glitter or shimmer either
it's a nice moisturizer with a little sheen.
t looks like a nice "from within" glow
it has a faint pleasant scent.
on it looks just like a subtle sheen like a very subtle shimmer
maybe different batches are more shimmery?
this has enough glow to pop through my makeup as a natural dew
awesome for lighter skin tones.
if you love a shimmer this is amazing.
lightweight moisturizer that makes you look like a vampire from twilight if you step into the sun
if you look very closely in the mirror it looks shimmery
at a 'persons' distance away it gives off that dewy glow everyone loves
love the natural look and my skin looks flawless!
give you a nice glow though
loved the smell and texture of it.
by no means am i into glitter or strobing
as it is quite shiny
it shines through just the perfect amount to make my skin radiant
it's good as a strobing cream
you'll have a nice glow not too glittery
when i put foundation on it looks dewy
the glow is beautiful
literally the only one that works for me is the tart shapetape concealer
silky formula with soothing effects.
dark circles this is magic
makes skins feel silky while allowing for creaseless concealer application
this cream is soothing
really liked how silky it was when applied
this product is so luxurious!
i love that this cream adds a radiance to the area
this cream brightens your eye
loved the texture of it
loving this eye cream by @lancomeofficial
it sinks into my skin so beautifully
the classic visionnaire scent lives on in this product
love the texture and the lightness of this balm.
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it gave my eyes more glow and plump.
the texture is a balm like texture
concealer went on beautifully for a perfect application
shimmer in the product which i was okay about
this eye cream feels silky
has a nice jelly texture
wake up with lovely skin
love love love leaves my face feeling smooth
this cream has a lively texture
my skin was looking glowy
my skin looks fresh and plump in the morning!
the silky smoothness of it
makes my skin look fresh and revived.
it smelled just like black tea to me
my neck and chest has never looked so radiant!
fine lines are plumped
i like how it's not creamy, so it absorbs nicely.
also.. i love the smell.
the texture is perfect
i've noticed a lot of people mention the smell which in my opinion resembles men's cologne
it's a very light texture
your skin to feel like silk this is for you
i'd say old-fashioned floral
luminous that it makes up for it
leaving an all day glow
it has an odd spice smell to it
my skin is beaming
the smell is a bit funky but dissipates quickly.
this product brightened my skin
my skin looks flawless.
as for the smell - it smells like vinegar.
i agree the texture is a bit tacky
my skin looks bright
i'd much prefer having the smell than the flowery/citrusy fragrances that would do nothing
if you like having feminine smelling products
if you are expecting a citrus smell
my skin overall is bright
i noticed smoothness of skin
my skin looks plumper, alive and vibrant.
after follow with the cc crema amazing brightness
it adds a beautiful glow to my face even when applied under my full coverage matte foundation
my makeup applies beautifully over it
i love this as a moisturizer for no makeup days because it makes your skin look radiant
makes the foundation look less cakey
it wasn't super luminous
it's not extremely blinding with the glow
i love the dewy look it gives me
love that this is light
it makes your skin instantly so beautiful.
love the texture of this.. thick and creamy.
also like the smell.
i love the whipped texture
i like the slight glow it provides
it also smells wonderful and hydrates my skin.
gives you such a healthy glow
this product smells so goooood!
gives me a beautiful glow
it has a pink tint to it
it adds a really nice glow to my skin
it leaves my skin looking dewy with a slight glow
wish it had spf for the sun
there's no shimmer at all
it dries down to a nice glow after maybe 5 minutes
gives u the most perfect natural glow
is that it's natural
leaves me looking like i have a summer glow
i've gotten compliments that i'm glowing
the smells is perfect and light.
i literally glow and i feel amazing.
it's smells like delicious coconut
it give skin an ethereal glow without looking like you're about to go clubbing
my skin still looked vibrant
i really love this product because it is luminous
i love the luminous look.
when i have this under foundation it gives me a natural glow
the color of this primer is a peachy pink which i feel like helps blur
it smells like coconut
not as strong as a suntan oil
it gives you such a pretty glow
gives it a very subtle shimmer
it achieves an instant dewy glow while hydrating the skin
it does give a nice sheen to my skin
also the smell of coconut is not too overwhelming it is subtle
this primer is this best base to get the perfect glow
i love the subtle shimmer
the lady put this refreshing primer
it is a little teeny bit glowy
it provides a beautiful canvas for my foundation
it's also incredibly shimmery.
the claims are true as it does leave a dewy natural sheen to the face
gives you that "backlight filter" glow.
this doesn't accentuate it
this would be perfect for a no makeup look in the sun
it has a subtle coconut scent
it smells of coconuts of course
this moisturzer keeps my skin luminous all day.
i love the glow
i just pat that spot to blend it in
my skin just glows with it on.
not only does it smell gorgeous
i couldn't really smell the coconut scent
i mix it with either the guerlain radiance primer or the josie maran argan illuminated i think it's called to add a radiance to my skin
it smells like some kind of artificial coconut or something
can deal with the funky smell
the shimmer looks really good under foundation new hg primer ❤️
it gives my skin an extra glow
my makeup looks magical
has a glow after you put it on
i like the smell
a nice light layer to use under my bb cream every day
nothing magic, but light and lovely.
the "shimmer" in it allows for a subtle glow that makes the skin looks super healthy
the scent is very mild almost no scent
shimmer gives your skin a beautiful glow all day long
the smell is very subtle
it makes you look instantly more radiant
pleasant scent, great for travel.
my skin was radiant
i live for the green tea formula.
the green tea mineral water
the green tea one stinks.
i love how gentle it is
it has a nice floral fragrance it's not strong it's very faint
it has such a nice glow
i got the charcoal and the green tea.
smells great and tones skin.
i tried the charcoal and green tea waters.
particularly the green tea
it gives my bare face a beautiful glow.
the fragrance is lovely while applying
i don't mind the scent of the charcoal at all
i don't think the coconut one smells like coconuts
the coconut smell is so yummy
your skin will look fresh and glowing afterwards!
the smell is so pleasant.
the coconut is heavenly right now
they smelled great especially the coconut one
the charcoal formula doesn't smell great
they all smell amazing except for the charcoal one
gentle on the skin
especially the green tea
the scent is not overpowering so it's perfect.
i wish the green tea didn't have exfoliants.
soothing on your skin
love the green tea cleansing
a pleasant rose scent that lingers for a very short time
love the scent though!
the consistency is somewhere between milky
the fragrance isn't to strong
letting my skin glow on its own
it smells great and i feel pampered using it.
it leaves a nice dewy feeling on your face
edly brought back a glow to my complexion
the pink color to it is probably what gives you the glow
it creates a beautiful radiant canvas which i dig
the smell reminds me of medicine lollol
leaves it feeling silky smooth
this is the creamiest
it has a pleasant scent
it also has a rich luxurious consistency
makes my skin feel silky smooth
amazing, so calming and cool.
this mask made my skin glow/brightened
what a beautiful calming and hydrating mask.
it has a clean scent
makes my skin feel silky smooth.
the cream also smells really good, a light scent.
also the scent is a divine floral
i do love nicely fragranced skin products
the scent is super luxurious
to me it smells like men's cologne.
makes my face look radiant
makeup lays over it wonderfully
skin glow increase this pruduct is right balanced i am a combination skin type
this is a wonderful daytime moisturizer.
it gives you a glow too
the smell kinda lingers
love the texture of this product
my skin had a pretty glow after applying
now roloxin lift gold gives me the same instant smoothing results with a beautiful highlighted shimmer
for an even more radiant appearance
ive been waking up to luminous clear beautiful skin daily since incorporating this product into my regimen
pros - creamy texture, non-irritating fragrance
i've never felt something so heavenly on my skin
this is a lite, airy, silky moisturizer.
+ it absorbs wonderfully.
it's not thick or creamy at all
it has a nice subtle clean scent to it
my face looks radiant all day long.
i love the texture
the texture is even lighter
this is calming my redness down
moist without being super shiny
it is so accurately named cloud cream as it feels so heavenly
light weight and goes on silky smooth!
leaves it feeling powder-fresh
this is the first that makes my lizard-like parts supple
it feels like silk on
i love the clean crisp non-scent
it's a creamy gel that feels air light when i apply it
it's create a perfect canvas before foundation.
my face even has a natural glow to it
airy gel that cools when it goes on
it's the perfect summer moisturizer.
make-up goes on beautifully with this underneath
it feels like it melts into my skin leaving a velvety texture behind
feels very silky on my skin
kale cream with a slightly different texture
my face looks radiant and smooth.
i find the shade to be a perfect match
it appears two shades too dark
it blends wonderfully into my skin
even laura mercier tinted moisturizer feels too foundation-y to me
often have a red undertone
my fair-pinkish skin looks even
i love how it makes me glow
blue eyed gal with a south florida tan
for me, it evens my skin tone and creates a glow.
it is not super creamy, requires some rubbing in.
this creates a beautiful canvas for make up.
i think it helps my makeup look fresh and dewy.
i've used it on friends from light to tan
its like a self tan color
makes skin look dewy
i'd say the color of this stick would fit medium to tan ladies
giving skin a radiant finish -- if you have light to medium skin
except for the hue
great on my medium light olive skin.
youre left with a perfect dewy glow
velvet texture not at all thick
how it blends with my skin tone
just blend and you will be hooked.
once she blended it wow
my skin looked flawless!!!
the morning my skin looks so radiant i don't want to apply makeup
my complexion continues to hold the glow that a facial will give you
the smell is a fresh citrus smell which is a plus
it absorbs beautifully into my combo-oily skin
by the way, i love the airless jar!
it works wonderfully with all of them
it works beautifully on bare skin or make up
with this product there is no shine
especially since it looks to have a pink color
i usually use it over my makeup when i have a more luminous foundation
my skin was instantly cooled and felt silky.
this is pure magic!
it dries quickly to a beautiful matte finish
it smells like just ripened peaches
is shiny before 8:00am
my makeup looks funky in my smile lines as well
my skin looks velvety
also a tad glowy which i love
it truly absorbs the oiliness in my face
radiant skin after the shower
my skin was smooth and bright.
it has a cool tingle that is refreshing
i find this face wash so creamy
the scent is soothing
reminiscent of great herbal tea
and the dewy feeling is intoxicating.
the scent is pleasant
needs some powder because it goes on shiny
it just leaves a glow that's a little more than radiant
it makes my skin look a little glossy
the subtle iridescent pigment is going to help refract light
the scent of this product smells exactly like what is in it "charcoal"
it's a great, no frills exfoliator.
leaves fresh clear skin
i love the smell--it's a fresh organic ashy kind of smell
it has a very refreshing chocolate smell which at first seems a little over powering
made my skin radiant
the results are magical
not like fake chocolate
love that it smells like chocolate
i can still smell a hint of chocolate leftover
...and chocolate smell... all what we need
first this smells heavenly
it also left a mild chocolate scent which was pleasant
left with smooth silky skin
my skin is glowing.
glows the next morning
i notice my skin is glowing
my skin is glowing after use.
smooth glowing canvas the next day
it's tingly at first
this product cleared my skin up its more radiant
your skin will glow.
my skin looked flawless
my skin was smooth and radiant.
my face did in fact have an immidiate glow
elixirs all promising to noticeably change texture
my skin looks brighter
in the morning my face is glowing
it gives me the glow
my skin looks so bright and smooth the next day.
what i love the most is that beautiful glow that gives me every time i use it
my face looks glowing
my skin has never looked so radiant
the immediate glow from this is amazing
omg, my skin looks beautiful and so soft.
my skin was just so radiant
it felt tingly at first
it has left me with a healthy glow
overall my skin is starting to glow!
my skin was shiny
soothing products for a week
it also looked glowy.
my skin was looking very crepe-y there
it is a bit sticky/tacky
glow about my skin that isn't there otherwise
this moisturizer leaves a dewy glow on my face
slap this on first for the most beautifully glowing skin you'll ever see
there was even a subtle glow to my skin
my skin looked so bright
still want a nice bubbly lather
the cream feels sturdy and thick.
the gel is light but has a tacky after-texture.
my skin is glowing!
a cream moisturizer all nicely packed into one jar
i noticed brighter glowing skin
i love the texture
t sinks in beautifully
it's hydrated, it glowing, it's just perfect!
i am left with a healthy glow that seemingly blurs my imperfections for an overall balanced complexion
like the fact that it has a light fragrance
that i got from a stint with a lush moisturizer
so pleasantly surprised by the texture of this product
it has a light floral smell
it has a nice subtle sheen
my skin is luminous
my skin looks bright
it does everything beautifully
my skin looks dewy
has a very light pleasant scent
refreshing going on with a very light citrus scent
this oil made me glow like a goddess
the reserve smells faintly like tea
it smells very faintly like freshly-brewed tea
love some freshly-brewed sweet iced tea
this is so silky
had a very healthy glow
leaves behind a gorgeous glowy finish that looks like i've just applied makeup
to me it smells like a hint of orange mixed with leaves
the product is mostly yellow with a tint of green
it feels luxurious and my skin loves it!
im 48, fair with ruddy patches.
has strong earthy scent that dissipated very fast
this may sound strange
it just smells earthy imo
creamier to me when i apply it
the reserve is decadent
as for the scent
it smells very natural like they pressed the whole tree into an oil
absorbs beautifully into the skin
it feels so luxurious
it is a very lovely bottle
love how josie uses all the parts of the argan tree
beautiful packaging and a beautiful product .
it brightens my skin
i love the citrusy scent
it makes my face feel so silky
like a fresh squeezed orange.
as long as you like orange/citrus
it smells like an orange creamsicle
makes your skin glow.
i could tell a difference: this cream has made my skin radiant
my skin is glowing
thought the cream smelled a bit like dish soap
wake up to a glowing complexion
the subtle orange smell of the moisturizer isn't half bad either
gives my skin a great glow
i love to wear it under makeup because its silky
plus it has a wonderfully orange scent.
i wake up with glowy and perfect skin.
it smells like oranges
my skin is beautiful
my face looked super dewy
i don't mind the citrusy smell
i find it refreshing
it does make your skin luminous!
it blends beautifully into my skin without leaving behind any sort of greasy residue
i also love the smell.
first of all the smell is yummy
like i'm in a orange grove
this cream is calming
the scent is super delicious
like a sweet citrusy fresh scent
it wears beautifully under makeup
it has given me a beautiful glow
i do notice a glow in my skin.
i also like the smell.
it makes my skin glow.
because my skin is glowing
it gives me a lovely glow
the smell is light
i love the scent
dark spots it really brightens the face
the scent is just a plus!
i also adore the orangey smell
the texture is lovely -- not too heavy
it gives my skin a lovely glow
to me this smells like oranges.
my skin has brightened
it smells very citrusy
smells like an orange tictac
it's thick and creamy and so silky.
my skin instantly feels plump
applying makeup over it sits beautifully as well.
my skin is glowing
beside the intoxicating smell
it's tight yet supple, luminous, and balanced.
i love the scent
the texture and smell are amazing!
like a vanilla citrus scent
i love the light smell
it does have a citrus scent that i find pleasant
my skin looks refreshed, bright, and supple.
another perk is that it smells fresh and citrusy!
it is a little tacky
it smells like a mix of oranges
i love the smell...so yummy.
my skin is glowing
i guess the fragrance comes from clementine oil?
has a bright citrus scent that isn't overwhelming or unpleasant
blended wonderfully every single day
my skin is dull
creamy this product is
the citrus scent isn't strong
my skin instantly was brighter
my skin looks brighter
the texture is quite thick upon application
melts into the skin beautifully
it tingles a bit upon application
it smells very fruity
leave your skin glowing
yes it smells like oranges.
my skin is glowing
it absorbs instantly and feels silky smooth.
the fragrance is very light
i like the smell.
my complexion looks even
gentle, pure coconut oil.. love it
this is a wonderful gentle cleanser.
no strong scent either.
i also love the scent
also love the cute pink bottle!
this is definitely gentle
i love that the fragrance is subtle
leaves my skin soft and with a nice glow
i love the clean scent
plus it smells lovely - light not overwhelming.
it is lightly scented.
i like how gentle this cleanser is.
the scent of the product is a plus
the smell is really lovely & clean; not perfumy
love the fragrance, so light and clean.
super gentle, no drying, completely love!
the scent is a little jarring
the scent it light reminds me a bit of origins nightamins
love the scent too!
it is hydrating and smells wonderful!
this product is so creamy
it's so silky smooth
the scent is clean fresh and non irritating.
the scent is lovely
i tried lots of soothing products
i adore this thick nurturing cream
woke up with a pearl like glow
creams this stuff is divine
made it beautiful again
given me a glow that i desperately needed
i get this beautiful glow
the fragrance is delightful
it is super luxurious
this cream works like magic!
nice formula, hydrating with a beautiful finish.
a glow that i usually spend time creating
get over the scent
so rich and smooth and makes skin feel heavenly.
my skin looks lush
ha ha ha my skin is soft and luminous.
it truly does make my skin gorgeous
leaves a beautiful luminous glow
got this in the iconic box.
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin looks dewy
for now i will stick with my tatcha indigo cream for night use
it does have an odd scent
it smells **exactly** like pond's cold cream
heavy with a slight perfume smell
it gives me a slight glow
brightened my skin with a lovely glow in one day
feels so luxurious on your face
i traditionally have lily skin
it also smells so fresh
my skin looks like a magazine photo.
miracle broth is some kind of beautiful magic.
its so velvety with the most minimal scent.
my skin is brighter
it's like a silky watery texture
my skin looks brighter
this creamy foam lathers
my cheeks/cheekbones all had a lovely
dewy glow to them after i started using this
almost as if i was wearing the perfect highlighter
my face is clear, bright, glowing, and hydrated.
lamer skin care line is always gorgeous for my sensitive combination dry skin
this is a lovely, light lotion.
it makes my skin look plumped
vibrant when i wake up
evens out my skintone and makes me glow.
made my skin glow
my skin looks so youthful and amazing!!
if you want a brightened complexion
it feels like liquid silk!
it smells really fresh with a hint of like floral/fruitiness
it has a similar consistency to tatcha's "the silk
smells lovely and really smooth your face.
this product is pure magic.
the smell is light and calming.
just blend in with my skin without turning orange
everything from shiseido's white lucent line
the finish is a beautiful natural bordering on dewy finish
i chose the darker of the two shades
the coverage is lovely
plus it's a very airy feeling since it's a serum which is crazy
it's the perfect color my skin tone
t gives my skin a little boost of radiance
it does what it says "all day brightener" it makes my foundation looks bright/ fresh all day
this product is the definition of "glow from within"
pleasant feeling on the skin
the area looked less shiny
light fresh scent are an added bonus
it gives my face such a smooth velvety finish.
it has a light floral scent
a lightweight texture that is easy to blend into the skin
it leaves a smooth airbrushed look.
the serum has a lovely lightweight texture that sinks in quickly
it has a thin texture that does a beautiful job of blurring out imperfections
it smells really lovely
i love the scent too.
it's really silky feeling -- almost like suede.
light baby products smell which is also nice.
with a soft rose petal like texture
it is easy to blend with your beauty blender over makeup
it's very refreshing and light.
i like that the texture is light
it did help make my skin feel smoother with almost a feathery or velvety texture
it's a really light fragrance.
my current tinted moisturizer is a bit too dewy
it has a light milky texture which spreads easily
it has a very velvety feel
not overly cakey or tacky
the product works like silk
i really blurs away shine and imperfections.
my skin feels even healthier with a super nice glow
i prefer a dewy finish
“blurring solution that acts as a smart filter for beautifully photogenic skin” – shiseido
it does not have an overpowering scent
gives you a look of shine
beautiful skin as a finish
the filtering smoother is a very light veil that leaves a paler
lighter silky after-effect on the skin
it is so light and silky.
feels very luxurious on the skin
don't be alarmed cause foundations blend beautifully on top of it
lighter than air texture
it looks like a night cream
it feels so silky to the touch
becomes creamy as you put it on
it's feel super luxe
the most beautiful skin
my skin is glowing
plump in the morning
i love the almost matte feeling it leaves with zero greasiness
the smell is almost as heavenly as the results.
i ordered this since i liked the feel of the tundra chaga pressed serum by blithe
feels beautiful on the skin
it's like a soft sugary vanilla.
my skin looks like it is glowing in the morning.
my skin looks brighter
healthy glow to your complexion
my face seems smoother and has a healthy glow!
it seemed to be more radiant
the texture and scent are amazing.
plus this one smells like spa lemons
follow up with the coalface cleansing soap from lush
because this oil feels so luxurious
removes make up wonderfully
i love the scent of this.
it glides effortlessly over skin
the milky texture is really nice too!
my skin is dewy
it brightens my under eye circles
one caused by fresh lotus eye cream
no weird pilling, color, oder, or texture.
it gives this glow to your eye area making my highlighter look even better
not some goofy avocado or argan oil
my complexion is bright and even.
this oil will probably work beautifully under makeup
truly works wonders to make your skin glow
it smells lovely too!
to mix is with my foundation to get a dewy glow
i wear it under my sunsreen for a dewy look.
it leaves my face dewy
it smells lovely, too.
i wake up with gorgeous
the light rose scent is delightful
it also gives me a nice glow.
has a very light rose scent
my friends would comment on how my skin looked radiant
this is a very luxurious face oil.
this smells like a bouquet of roses
the product has a slight scent of roses
my décolletage as well
now it just looks radiant
skin looks more even colored
it leaves me a little shiny
with a very subtle olive scent that dissipates quickly
still wanna be beautiful when you're old with soft skin
i love that it is super light yet luxurious.
my skin started to glow
it's flavorless, scentless, and wonderful.
it's fabulous on dry cuticles
it helps keen this plump
helps with my appearance of dark circles
the texture is nice and doesn't have a scent.
my overall complexion has a nice glow
it is a clear liquid that goes on silky smooth
gave my skin a nice glow
gives my skin glow
not just the brightness
this makes my skin so bright
it gives a nice mid-spectrum glow
it leaves my skin glowing
this gives your skin a nice dewy finish.
ill use a beauty oil
after using these products my skin looks like it is glowing
that's most tea tree products
it smells like a more scented version of typical la mer scent
this moisturizer has the perfect texture
the scent is very pleasant as well.
the smell is lovely and subtle.
my makeup looked flawless
the cream has a very faint citrus scent
it had a pleasant scent to it, not too strong.
pleasant scent that did not irritate my allergies at all
this eye cream is so smooth and gentle.
power eye cream comes in an elegant red box that resembles something from a designer boutique
inside the box is a red twist top glass container filled with a delicate yet powerful creamy white eye cream
the first thing you notice after opening it is the very mild perfumed aroma
the texture is thick and luxurious.
it has a super light scent that i barely notice.
so this product is very creamy
it has light creamy texture
light not-so perfumey scent
the consistency is creamy and non greasy.
this cream is rich
the packaging is sleek
the cream has a very pleasant faint smell
plumped the sallow bags i've been rocking for 2 years
silky when i put the product around my eyes
it instantly brightens my eye area.
it is fresh floral scent.
the skin is luminous
it is a pleasant smell
my dark circles got lighter
i love the luxury smell of it
it applied like velvet.
as an eye cream newbie
this light floral scented cream addresses both.
giving your skin a firmer more glowing sheen
it has a pleasant smell in the jar
has a sweet fresh smell that isn’t overwhelming
with less cakey-ness
i love the fresh light fragrance
lemony color of the cream
love the silky feel of it, not greasy or heavy.
it leaves my skin feeling so silky
the formula is smoother than silk
refreshing on your eyes
it is so silky
creamy texture of this eye cream
the scent light and refreshing.
nice, medium thickness texture/consistency.
fragrance is light and pleasant.
first impressions - love the texture.
it's a lemony color and smells sweet and fresh.
it smells good, and feels minty on the skin.
it has a minty smell that i find refreshing
i love the fresh smell
the tingle it gives me skin
its like minty-ish.
has an impact on the oil production it smells so refreshing
also smells minty fresh which i absolutely love.
my skin looked like it was glowing
refreshing feel of peppermint on my skin
love the fresh feeling !!!!!
the smell is gorgeous too
reminds me of tea tree oil
like it's heavenly how much drier my skin is.
the scent is amazing
my favourite part is the smell
it's gentle on skin
it's a nice foamy product
it provided a minty fresh coolness for your face.
has such a yummy minty
spa-like scent that i adore
it smells so fresh
love the minty cool effect while i wash my face with this cleanser
the light eucalyptus scent that all of the products from this collection have
herbal scent that isn't too overpowering or annoying
this cleanser has a strong scent
it smells minty, fresh, and clean.
mint is refreshing without being too overpowering
i love the bold green packaging
it leaves your face glowing
not shining because of oil
not to mention the soothing eucalyptus scent.
this product leaves it feeling silky smooth
a silky texture on the skin
invigorating on the skin
smell is refreshing in the morning!
has a nice refreshing scent
it really makes my skin look radiant
a minty cooling sensation after
the smell is organic
it lathers up so luxuriously
i love the eucalyptus minty spa scent
it really awakens my senses
the spa scent relaxes me at night
i love the minty cool feeling.
the green fusion complex smells so good
the scent is eucalyptus
awakens my senses in the morning when i'm feeling groggy
i love the scent.
skin is brighter and healthier looking!
the eucalyptus in this provides a nice cooling sensation
the minty scent is very refreshing
the texture is gentle
the fragrance very pleasant as well
i love how it feels slightly tingly
this smells like eucalyptus
it froths up wonderfully
this face wash is so luxurious in the way that it lathers
it's such a nice scent
feels almost cooking because of the eucalyptus
it's the perfect balance for my oily skin.
my skin literary started glowing
leaves me matte all day
the smell is a refreshing herbal mint
refreshing feeling it has
it has a nice refreshing eucalyptus-peppermint scent that isn’t overpowering
leaves your skin with an invigorating tingle
it really wakes me up with the invigorating scent
it does have a tingly/minty type of sensation which some people might dislike
i like the minty feeling
i love the scent and the tingle.
keeps it looking glowy
i also like the smell.
i find it makes my foundation appear streaky
it's a very light, refreshing gel.
my face looks way less shiny now
the toner leaves a minty fresh feeling
it has a nice minty smell.
shiny at all times
i used it alone under becca's purple primer
the minty smell is so fresh!
i also love the minty smell.
has a light minty scent
this moisturizer smells so refreshing
it smells like mint to me which is just delicious
has a nice cooling peppermint scent that is not overpowering
this gives me a very nice glow
feels gorgeous all day
keeps me buttery soft but not oily.
the eucalyptus mint is a nice scent
it is very delicious its smell
the packaging is beautiful, luxurious!
the scent is very minty so for those with a strong nose
has a very light tea tree oil scent.
it cooled my face and smelled amazing.
it makes my skin glow and feel smooth!
prefer a natural matte "finish"
it smells strongly of witch hazel
i love the refreshing scent when i use this!
the eucalyptus aroma is super awakening
it has a eucalyptus scent which leaves my skin feeling refreshed
gives it a subtle glow without looking too oily
my skin looks brighter.
it feels like a painter painting on a beautiful new canvas
this hydrator is super refreshing
all of the products smell strongly of eucalyptus
the smell is pleasant
love the fresh smell
fresher thanks to it's smell i think
it's the perfect amount milky to light ratio.
the scent is lovely
it really feels luxurious
the fresh pressed products are great for brightening
my skin is softer brighter and more glowing.
it s brighter and smooth looking .
i woke up with a nice glow
fine lines are diminishing and my skin is bright!
it looks flawless under makeup
bright without any irritation
the creamy white texture hides imperfections
this cream is like magic.
this keeps my eyes looking youthful
the fragrance in this cream stings my eyes from time to time
i swear by kiehl's creamy avocado eye cream
the really subtle natural scent
box are super chic too
almost smells like a perfume
makes it feel silky
my skin has had a beautiful
even though this is pricey, it made my skin glow.
it also smells like matcha, which i love.
i've had more compliments on my skin since i started wearing philosophy skin tint
i am 55 years young and a natural ginger.
i absolutely love this skin tint!
the makeup leaves skin dewy with medium to light coverage
leaves a beautiful even tone
the cocoa shade matches my skin perfectly.
it has a neutral undertone.
it gives a natural, shine free glow finish.
it is truly a daily tinted moisturizer/skin tint that gives sheer
what really surprised me with tinted moisturizer
gives her some color
love the mousse texture
it glides on your face nicely
it gives my face a nice glow
thinking it was just another tinted moisturizer
this is my perfect tinted moisturizer.
feels creamy then i will go
it's a beautiful natural feeling on the skin
the beige color runs a little dark for me
this skin tint is my new fav
i also decided to try this skin tint
have medium-tan skin with yellow undertones
if you are pale
5 is also perfect for summer if you are getting more tan or spray tan
it has a cool undertone
lightness you'd find in a moisturizer
completely with a soft pleasant scent that fades quickly
it makes my skin glow
my skin has a dewy glow to it
makes the powder eye shadow seem creamy when applying
fine lines are plumped
seems to be a nice amount of miracle broth.
this product is very creamy and luxurious.
this eye cream smells nice.
i love the eye balm!
the perfect eye cream!
the texture is light
the scent is lovely
it smells like cinnamon.
it sort of smells like plants
it doesn't smell pleasant
makes the skin soft and radiant.
this lightens my dark spots
she likes the smell
i wasn't a huge fan of the watery milky texture
makes my skin glowing and radiant, not oily.
it leaves my skin glowy
my skin is radiant!
it's the first time i can say my skin looks radiant
anyone that wants glowing radiant skin
i found it does brighten
what really makes the gold elixir special to me is the beautiful packaging
the rose gold elixir isn't super heavy
the smell is so light
such a lovely citrus scent
it gives you a glowy finish
i love the real citrus scent
just has that glow that everyone talks about
it works beautifully mixed with foundation
it feels velvet-like
this stuff gives me a beautiful glow when applying it before my foundation
i do love the glow it provides
blend your foundation like silk
make your feel luxurious knowing 24 gold is blending into your skin
perhaps it gives me that extra glow i notice
refreshing in the mornings
it's very elegant but cute at the same time!
makeup blends well doesnt loook cakey
evenness in my skin tone
a lip plumper or to make my eyeshadows a creamy texture when i apply them
i love beauty oils.
makes it look flawless / radiant
the orange scent is uplifting during application as well
in the morning my skin glows
it makes my skin look beautiful
my face has become so beautiful
the smell is a fresh orange smell that i love.
the smell is perfectly fine
very light compared to most oils which can have a dirt/organic smell or even a chemical smell
this smells like fresh orange oil straight from the orange
the smell is very pleasant
i love the orange tones to it
my skin appears illuminated
it smells like oranges
combines beautifully with my born this way foundation
love the way it smells
it always gives me that natural glow
has a subtle glow to it
the scent is pure heaven.
it has a pleasant citrus scent to it
i still get that makeup glow.
i will also use it on a beauty blender to blend my makeup
mix it in with foundation for the prefect dewy look
if you want a dewy glow this is perfect!
this made my skin glow
the smell is heavenly.
it doesn't leave your face sparkly
making it appear more radiant
adds a natural looking glow
gives that hydration plus glow
my face literally glows.
beautiful when combined with my other sephora products
makes me look airbrushed!
love the appearance it gives my skin
it gives you an amazing dewy glow if you use it with your foundation
bright then put drops on my artis oval to blend foundation
it gave me a beautiful natural glow my lips are soft as silkwow love love love
it leaves a pretty glow upon application
where as the unicorn essence immediately absorbs
leave no shiny finish
this oil has a refreshing citrus scent.
it was easy to blend
the aroma is like a vanilla sweet smell
the pink color is pretty
it is a bit tacky
my makeup looks less cakey
it doesn't have a strong smell, but it's sweet.
i used it with the ga luminous silk foundation
the scent is heavenly.
i don't know what it is but, it smells sweet.
unicorn essence may have the edge over armani in terms of the length of time it keeps my skin matte
it leaves a nice glowy finish under makeup.
i mix it in with my foundation to give my skin a pretty glow
it makes my skin so silky smooth
i also used it to drip into my abh contour palette
it was so easy to blend in the dark color.
the smell is very pleasing.
it's a very light, sweet candy smell.
it makes my skin so radiant
is pink with little sparkles
these sparkly fun drops make my face perfectly tacky
gives it this dewey glow without looking oily
this leaves my skin looking dewy
it's looks like unicorn tears and it sparkles!
it's formula is a glittery magical purple
it's smell is sweet like c
it has the texture of a primer
it works like a charm
this is a perfect primer for the tarte rainforest of the sea water foundation
makes highlighter look amazing
i love the yummy vanilla scent
blend my foundation with a tiny bit of the rose gold oil
it smells like heaven
felt like silk after application
i am very much in love with it along with the rose gold elixir
it gives me glow looking without any foundation
the fragrance is not overpowering.
scent of this cleansing balm are beautiful
it comes with a spatula and the scent is amazing.
it turns into a nice white lotion like cleanser.
the smell is lovely
leaves my skin looking fresh
it also is soooo gentle and soothing!
this balm cleanser is gorgeous.
plus it smells wonderfully fruity.
clean skin is the first step to beautiful makeup
it smells like divine sherbet goodness
the gorgeous mint green color
want a slightly less luxurious experience
it also smells like key lime pie???
farmacy's green clean is my favorite
i smells delicious a little like lime
it has that balm texture
this is actually giving me a nice plump glow
the scent is amazing
it is super gentle
it has a mild fresh lime smell
the scent is clean
this just smells fresh
i think it smells like lime flavored life savers.
gentle on the skin
this product is gentle
let it make me glisten for a while
i love how youthful
vibrant my skin looks
it might seem totally odorless
the full size does indeed have a light lime-ish smell
smells so light and refreshing!
wow, this balm works amazingly!
something about the smell
this one is gentle
'm a huge fan of blue moon cleansing balm
blue moon was great
a delight to use on my skin
this is a beautiful cleansing balm!
it has a very mild fresh scent
gentle yet powerfully effective cleaner.
love the light smell!
wonderful balm-to-oil texture.
highlighter/blush with ease
subtle, lovely smell too.
a very light smell of like sorbet
the scent is light lemon-lime (yum!).
look reminiscent of lime daiquiri ice cream
it does smell like lime sherbert
the smell is ok, it smells like lime sherbet.
it's very creamy and oily.
removes makeup like a charm
it has a great lime sherbet smell to it as well
this pleasant smelling balm is a miracle!
the scent is lovely
it rinses clean and smells like lime sherbet!
it turns so creamy
the scent is delicious
i love love love this cleansing balm it is so perfect
my skin looked like crepe paper until given this magical youth elixir
this balm smells lovely
i follow this with a light gentle cleanser
this is the most luxurious nighttime cleanser.
like a faint key lime sherbet this is the cleansing balm i've been searching for
makes your hair look super shiny
liquid highlighter for a perfect glow
leaves you a youthful glow.
it's such a silky texture
it give your skin a nice natural almost pink looking glow
very similar to what the josie maran surreal argan skin finishing balm in that sense
it does make your face glow.
when this glow creme came out
my all time favorite is burberry fresh glow
yet really makes it more luminous
this glow creme gives your skin a beautiful dewy glow
it's a pearlescent pink holographic color
when you blend it out
it just gives your skin a natural youthful looking glow to it
im happy with this glow creme:)
it's perfect moisturizer for oily
complimented on how bright
the light green tea scent is not overwhelming
give my skin a healthy glow
does give a more dewy finish
has a pleasant soft scent
makes my face dewy and i love the smell.
i am typically the palest shade in makeup
it makes my skin glow
have a glowing complexion you have to get this
everything looks so beautiful
it's a light, almost gel-like texture.
the texture of this serum is velvety/silky
this one is the perfect one for someone with fussy skin
go straight to my la mer skin tint
i am very happy with this moist cloud cream.
it smells very fresh
with the same gelee type of texture
however it is heavily scented with fragrance like usual dior skincare:i don't care for the scent myself
the natural glow it gives me
this cream is super gentle
it's beautiful under my makeup.
i love the light scent
basically it seems to be a repackaging of their classic sorbet creme
very gentle and subtle scent.
nice gel cream texture.
mostly my skin is more radiant after use
look like a luxurious product
super smooth and creamy texture.
it does have a very pleasant fragrance
this mask is so creamy
when i look in the mirror my skin looks smooth all over with a little glow
which could be a mix with the radiance peel
the scent is mild floral and it's nice.
this is luscious, creamy and cooling.
not to mention the beautifully light floral scent
it reminds me of a sherbet pudding, yummy!
if you are finding the lily extract makeup remove water like me
it rinses off beautifully
i also like the light fragrance of this product.
my skin is brighter
after i rinsed this mask off my skin looked beautiful
it looked toned, smooth and almost airbrushed!
it does a wonderful job of gently exfoliating
i wake up radiant
my skin looks more radiant
glows in the morning
my skin is brighter
t wasn't so rosy around the cheeks
this new silk cream is amazing -- i think it's more hydrating that the last one
i love the silk in it
smells like lemons & oranges, too.
it has brightened my complexion
this amazing treatment bar has brightened
the silk cream tho
the packaging is adorable as usual
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
this works beautifully for daytime use.
everything about it is divine
the texture of the cream
the texture on the skin is surreal!!!
it feels very luxurious on the skin.
it leaves the skin feeling luscious
my skin really does feel like silk!
people started commenting on how radiant my skin looked
i am in love with the new silk cream from tatcha.
the smell is addictively divine
like freshly juiced greens
t's a purifying mask with a luxurious feel
my favorite mask used to be the glam glow clearing mud
usually after a mask i'm bright red in the face
has a slight tingly feeling.
skin looks cleaner and brighter instantly.
that i'm weirdly obsessed with
its scent is really fresh and natural.
improved its appearance by giving it a glow
personally find it smells of green tea
it smells so lovely
it is definitely astringent
keeps me from looking shiny
i feel like it gives me a bit of a glow
this one is a gel formula that leaves the skin slightly tacky
no harsh scent, smooth upon application.
without foundation my skin has this dewy
i also love that its pink
the shine was gone :
i loved the before creme that you put on before the mask it was an airy consistency that went into the skin nicely
like a cooling jello texture
her step 1 definitely smelled better than mine-- hers smelled slightly citrusy whereas mine smelled a little
works on pores like a charm
i didn't notice a strong scent.
my skin looks brighter.
refreshing on my skin
maybe i was channeling aria stark while watching got
it's relaxing for me.
is so refreshing and fresh.
i am loving the texture that feels exactly like seaweed
glowy my skin looked
after removing the product you have a beautiful shiny hidrate skin
my skin looked amazingly dewey
i love the cool and tingling feeling.
they are all beautiful
it is perfect for acne scars
the scent reminds me of lemon curd (delightful​!)
it has a very faint lemony scent
all i smelled was the faintest scent of lemon?
my skin seems so bright
my face was so bright
my skin was glowy
the ampoule feels very silky
so sad you can't find the blue or turquoise pill hydrating sheet masks
is a mix of the soothing
cons: it smells a little artificial
i love the scent
softens into a moister/watery cream that glides on
and the packaging is stunning!
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
this moisturizer also has a unique low key floral scent
it left my skin with a glowing look.
it transforms to this “water”-like sensation
after applying my skin looks radiant
this water cream smells amazing
makes my skin look radiant
it has a clean, refreshing smell to it.
a lightweight moisturizer that smells amazing
it layered nicely with my squalane oil
the packaging was gorgeous as well
it .the design is so gorgeous .so beautiful .
its very creamy texture
i also enjoy the subtle, calming fragrance to it.
it looks, feels, and smells luxurious.
it looks like a cream
gives it a healthy glow
product itself was just so luxurious
what a delight it is
the texture is amazingly light
directions recommend a pearl sized amt which provides decent moisture on my dryish
have very sensitive olive-ish skin
my skin looks plumped
the scent is light and nice.
tatcha products always reel me in with their luxurious packaging
the texture is beautiful as well.
it appears as a light cream in the beautifully designed jar
it breaks into a beautiful water like texture
sinks into skin wonderfully
feels great and makes my skin glow!
it is light, and has a nice botanical scent.
the components of the cream are gentle
i usually bought the tatcha indigo cream
it's more affordable than the indigo
it really is like a silky water if that makes any sense
my skin feels like silk.
the packaging is adorable.
just amazing glowing skin
makes me look so young and sexy.
i love how weightless it is
my face has a glow
this leaves my skin feeling amazing silky
the scent is light and pleasant.
i've become very picky with my moisturizers because nothing is worse than nasty skin in luminescent lighting
mattifying while still imparting a subtle glow
my skin looked pretty radiant with this on
my skin looks flawless
not matte or shiny.
brighten my dark circles
eyes look instantly brighter!
thanks genetics for giving me green
it also leaves a shimmery orange residue when i wear it overnight
as a primer after my spf during the day its a beautiful texture sinks right into my skin
was shocked how well it sunk in to my skin as it's creamy
it goes on beautifully
my skin looks brighter
it instantly brightens and plumps my skin.
my skin is brighter
my face looks super bright
it has a pleasant orange smell that doesn't stick around
gives an instant glow
it definitely smells like orange flavored something
this does have a citrus smell
even smell a bit funky
hello healthy skin that is lit from within.
the smell was refreshing
glides wonderfully across the skin
smells great and cleans very gently.
the smell is juicy
the ren ultra calming are my favourites
leaves the skin with a glow
i felt the smoothness on my skin instantly.
leaves it with a matte-
just the experience of applying this stuff is so weirdly satisfying because of its unique texture
texture which i can appreciate
had the word mango in the name
lovely subtle scent not overpowering.
makes my skin look glowy
plus it smells like dessert
the fragrance is amazing
hydrates skin with a beautiful fruity scent
the smell reminds me of like toasted crackers i ate growing up
my face looks glowy and dewey!!!
love using beauty oils
for me this is the perfect glow
the ingredients are lovely as well
it gave my skin a beautiful glow.
it gives me a glow
i don't like scents
i look more youthful
it does leave you with an amazing glow
feels like silky heaven massaging into my skin
this oil is like liquid rose petals
smoother- smells luxurious*the scent will grow on you
this oil gives you a gorgeous
youthful glow from within look
makeup goes over it beautifully
it does have a strong yet pleasant fragrance.
this is a lovely light oil.
my skin is brighter
it works beautifully with them
my skin looks brighter and healthier.
it gives my skin a gorgeous glow
it gives me an instant glow
gives it a beautiful glow
this product leaves my skin looking so beautiful
gave my skin a really nice glow
it makes my skin look so bright
there my favorite cream works amazing with my skin tile
it has a pleasant subtle smell too.
doesn't have a strong fragrance
my skin is softer, brighter and supple.
gentle on the skin
cool and tingly on contact!
it was pleasant to use with a clean smell
brightening the dark circles
have crepe paper lids from a lifetime of outdoor fun in the sun
the texture is so gentle
the product also has some shimmer to it
t added a nice brightness before adding my eye cream
love the texture feel
luxurious texture that i've ever experienced
not only is the packaging beautiful
glowing my skin is after using this
it it a citrusy melon love fest and so good!
bright like this one
my eyes are so bright
definitely think my orbital area is a bit more radiant
it comes out in a light pink color
eyelashes grow which is so bizarre
leaves the skin around my eyes ageless
it's texture is perfect
the cream has a lovely silky feel
has a satisfying tingle sensation
it leaves my skin feeling bright
love the tingly wake up call
2 minutes and instantly brighter skin.
use because it leaves your skin looking glowing
this mask is a kick-- it crackles
my skin is so bright
there is no scent
i would love for it to smell like cantaloupe :)
i've dealt with earthy smells from lush
it's a jelly consistency that you can build to a creamy foam as you massage into your face
this stuff is dreamy.
the cleanser itself even has a wonderful clean scent
it's just like the littles umbra packaging.
the scent is okay
i found that it had a very pleasant texture foamed up nicely
has helped my texturized skin
it smells like a really faint fruit loop.
this cleanser is gentle
i love that it barely has a scent
this cleanser is super gentle
i love the color green
my face is glowing.
i appreciate the texture
so far i am loving this eye cream definitely exudes a nice natural glow
both the purple clay
then golden side is so hydrating!!
the packaging is gorgeous
i love the beautiful packaging
my skin was glowing
the purple clay mask is incredible!
the gold side of the mask is soothing
this mask leaves my skin glowing!
i find myself using it over any of my glam glow masks
and the sonic theme is super cute!
i love tarte for coming up with it
i loved the smell and the consistency!
this mask smells like artificial tropical scent in the best way possible
really great almost scary pearly blue color.
shiny it gave me the best glowing forehead
i love the pearly blue colour
it is the same as glamglow's purple forming treatment
it also comes in a fun, pearlescent blue color.
smells like a piña colada
has a pleasant warm + tingle when first applied
my face looks glowing
it works just like the classic gravitymud in the purple jar
has an awesome metallic blue color
vibrant color, soothing smell.
i think that it smells a bit like blueberries
the mask really is that vibrant of a blue!
i will be saving up to purchase another glam glow mask in the future
plus its blue, who doesnt love sonic blue!
make cool designs on your face :p
the smell is absolutely fun and coconutty.
fresh healthy glow like effect
the willow bark makes it feel cool
tingly on the skin
i've never seen my skin so bright
the smell is so natural
it smells very fresh and herbal.
woke up with beautifully smooth skin
it gives you a healthy glow up
as for the scent
i would rather put a smelly mask on my face that contains real ingredients than a fragrance filled mask that contains artificial scents
yes the mask has a strong scent to it
it almost smells like basil at first
the scent was very overpowering at first.
i love the lemony smell
the smell is weird
it's the classic dark green mask.
first off, it smells like pine sap.
pleasant to smell as the mask sits
my cheeks were rosy and my complexion glowed.
it is a terrifying price tag
i loved the smell like a combination of flowers
i love the tingle it produces
it left my skin smooth, clear, and glowing!!
the texture was light
the scent of it smells almost like a public restroom h
the jelly texture is a lot of fun to use
this does both wonderfully!
i positively love this cleanser ball.
scent is light and clean.
the jelly ball feels amazing
it also has a fresh light scent :
the gel texture is is a nice touch
the texture of the shower jellies from lush
it really gives a lovely thick lather
the smell is sweet
refreshing on my face
my skin after the yellow is luminous.
the blue mask is so refreshing!
it brightens up your skin
i love the pink and blue masks!
have used the purple
the scent is light
it was enjoyable to use for a mini spa night
the blue mask feels so amazing on the skin!
the mask gives my skin the same feeling as the glam glow clearing mask which is a light burning feel
it took a while to wash off because the texture is so creamy
i got the purple hydrating one
i love the color purple
of course chose the purple one
it felt a bit cakey at first
this mask is creamy
bright not red/irritated
i tried the purple one before this
my skin looked fresh
when i woke up my skin was gorgeous!
my skin looked bright and healthy!
quite creamy for a clay mask
it really brightened my skin
gave it such a nice glow
infused with a beautiful glow
my skin become so bright
radiant after using it
it does have a sweet smell but i like it.
definitely recommend smelling it in the store if you are sensitive to sweet smells on your face
it said the word "glow" on it
gives my skin a nice glow
and it smells like fruit loops.
i fell in love with the smell and texture of it!
it leaves the skin silky smooth after cleansing
i love how it's creamy without being too heavy
i love fresh products
this cream is magical.
it smells divine just like the mask.
it smells exactly like their nectar face mask
i like the luxe
other than that doesn't offer much than a subtle glow
it also feels tacky on the skin.
glowing, bright, hydrated skin.
it reenergizes your skin the scent is heavenly light citrus
radiance your skin will love
the scent wakes my skin up
this is a lightweight moisturizer with a refreshing smell of citrus
it just gives my face the look of liveliness
:) i love fresh products.
i enjoy wearing matte foundation
the mask smells lovely
smells like jolly ranchers
silky smooth gel texture
on this delicious mask month ago
i love the chic packaging
yes, it smells like a watermelon jolly rancher.
yes, it's gorgeously soft and hydrating.
the smell is fruity
it smells like watermelon jolly ranchers!
it smells like watermelon candy.
in the morning everything looks bright
it smells like fresh watermelon.
my skin is glowing
i felt like my skin was glowing
i love the texture
my foundation glided on beautifully
has this lit from within glow to it that i can't quite explain
the watermelon mask really has made a delightful difference in my skin tone
surprisingly dries down beautifully
an absolute winner for me thank you glow recipe!
loved how dewy my skin looked
i also love the scent :))))
i woke up with a radiant glow.
smells exactly like watermelon jolly ranchers
the smell is superlative-fresh and light.
the smell is pleasant
after applying the mask i was thrilled to discover the velvety finish it left on my skin
it smelled good b
like a watermelon jolly rancher
radiant my skin looked the next morning
i smelled it - and it smelled so delicious!!
i wake up to the most beautiful skin
smells like a watermelon jolly rancher
it is silky smooth when applied
it helps to keep your skin looking beautiful
i waited over a month to be able to purchase this heavenly scented mask
i struggle with texture
the gentle exfoliation is nice
the watermelon scent is divine
it smells like fresh watermelon jolly rancher.
it is light and and smooth.
this mask feels so luxurious.
not overbearing but so sweet - like candy!
it leaves my skin even, tamed and bouncy.
please don't ever change this glow recipe!!!!
this is a very creamy cleanser.
it has a soothing, delicious watermelon scent.
it makes my skin glow
plus, it smells just like watermelon!
i'll keep it short and sweet.
my skin looked super dewy
radiant when i woke up
the watermelon fragrance is beautiful without being overwhelming
smells so authentically fruity.
this stuff is heavenly .
glowing skin after just one use
the scent is so fresh but not overpowering .
i picked this up at my sephora solely because it smelled like magical watermelon juicy goodness
it smells so fresh
the packaging is so luxe.
i just love the unicorn magical essence in this product
the way it leaves my skin glowing in the morning
my face is still glowing
the packaging is lovely
after using this mask a few times i'm addicted to the delicious watermelon-y smell
it's fresh and fruity and perfect.
the smell is divine
this silky mask smells like a watermelon jolly rancher
the packaging is so beautiful!
nice heavy glass jar with a pretty blush pink lid
my complexion would be dull
the fresh watermelon aroma is delicious
this was super brightening
i've had many compliments on how radiant my skin has looked
smells divinely like oranges
it sorta has an aromatherapy effect because of how soothing the scent is
it gives me a beautiful glow
namely the bitter orange flower water
i love the light scent of this
my skin looks brighter
my skin is brighter
you need this in your life if you love to glow!
this blueberry cleanser is wonderful.
the smell was subtle, clean and fruity.
it has a nice refreshing clean smell.
this is a beautiful cleanser.
pleasant on my face
this product smells 100% like fresh blueberries
minus its strong tea tree scent
there are pieces of real blueberry suspended in glow recipe’s cleanser
the fragrance also starts off somewhat blueberry if you use your imagination
i think it needs to smell more tart to capture “blueberry” notes
i love the real blueberries and the smell too
it smells of fresh blueberries like you're walking through a field of blueberry trees
i also love the sleek
sweet potato is a good touch
the fragrance isn't that appealing to me
it smells like an outdoor breeze
t has a nice beautiful radiant glow
my skin glows and i always get compliments.
i enjoy this so much absorbs into my skin easily silky to the touch
it instantly makes my face radiant.
also love the fact that my oiliness seems to be controlled w this product
i love the scent
it has a ginger aroma
even the scent is light and soothing.
makes my skin even and glow.
it makes my skin glow.
i believe that it brings a glow to my skin
it's light and feels fresh and smooth.
it's well worth the glow
my skin is just glowing
the glow is gone
my face has a nice glow in the morning too.
my skin is brighter
glowy and radiant and so soft.
it instantly gives my face a healthy glow
it has a smell that is less than yummy
i also love this product's pine-like scent!
my skin is glowing
it does smell kind of funky
look much more vibrant
it has a ginger smell
goes on like honey
it looked fuller and my skin glowed.
my skin just glows from this cream!
it leaves my skin nice and plump looking.
the scent is very subtle and i really like it.
my face is tacky
refreshing on the skin
almost like a flower perfume
my skin is so plush
bouncy in the morning
it does have a pleasant fragrance
this mask is so refreshing!
the type to have glowing skin
it's such an effortless mask
it's light weight and it smells fresh.
plump in the morning
glowy in the morning
the scent is also very relaxing
this product also has a very fresh scent
i wake up with bright
makes it looks youthful
did i mention it comes with an adorable silicone little brush :
i love the creamy lightweight texture.
great texture, addictive smell.
a light berry scent that isn't fake or overpowering
it's silky and glossy in texture.
this leaves me with the most luscious lips in the am
a and i love the scent
tasteless but with a pleasant smell.
i wake to soft kissable lips
this lip mask is so buttery, glossy and silky!
it has a bubblegum scent that reminds me of being a kid :
cushy in the morning
the spells and tastes amazing.
bright red or in pain
it does have a smell of berries
the little silicon applicator was another delightful surprise
subtle whiff of cranberries/strawberries
it has a pink hue
because i have one of the tinted versions
the scent is pretty light
sort of smells like strawberry banana
it almost smells like a fruit
like a flower at the same time?
the smell is very sweet.
my lips are perfectly plump, pinker and smoother!
it does have a fruity scent
a bit fruity and i just love it.
the smell is like a scrumptious berry-flavored c
leaves my lips feeling nice
to celebrate i threw on a bright orange lipstick
my lips look fabulous
it even has a sweet scent.
it's a luscious overnight mask that works wonders
wake up to beautifully soft lips
it smells delicious as well
it's a little fruity for me
nice smell and i like the applicator.
it has a soft cherry scent and a beautiful shine.
lovely product and smells amazing!
the smell is yummy too
just a light almost watermelon bubblegum smell
it has a very pleasant scent that smells like juices
the texutre is very creamy
it glides/melts onto to the lips very nicely
i got this and it smelled heavenly !
the texture is wonderful--not too watery
soft-looking natural pink color that lasts
comforts lips for a long time
the smell alone is delicious
it's pleasant to use and the pot is generous.
i adore it- it transformed my perpetually dry
i love the flavor/scent
it works its magic overnight and viola!
wake up with the most luscious lips no matter how chapped they were to begin with
it's super creamy and not sticky at all.
luscious looking again in a week of sleeping with it every night
it smells so good and has a rich buttery feel.
while on it gives a pink shine/glow to your lips
this is a lovely mask
it's has this glow
it does have a very strong weird flowery perfumey smell
it just smells so refreshing
gives me a nice glow!
with a natural dewy finish
if you are wanting that pregnancy glow
the packaging is elegant
blended with a satiny finish
it has a light scent which is not overbearing.
it is gentle on the skin
i also enjoy the scent.
the chic packaging is an added bonus- to me it is very calming
immediately loved the texture
even had a nice glow
with a light layer, it's perfect for summer.
perfume-y "clean" smell
it feels luxurious to use
i love the colors
the smell of the product is what got me next it's a lovely scent that's not overpowering
the product itself is a neat texture almost like a gel
the packaging is luxurious.
the cream's texture is smooth and soothing.
all of the packaging feels luxurious except for the cap
along with that this moisturizer feels so lovely on my skin
it also has the best light, fresh, floral scent !
the packaging is so luxurious
i also really love the light flowery smell.
the jar is just beautiful
the product does have a lovely scent.
there's also a light scent that i love.
this moisture cream smells amazing
is the perfect texture for my skin
i love the scent
the scent of this cream is very light
i am a huge olfactory pleasure seeker when it comes to products
it's soothing and almost cooling!
the packaging is so elegant
this lotion is rocking
it has a strong scent
first off, the packaging is beautiful.
the smell is refreshing
the packaging is beautiful
the texture is like velvet
the smell is mild
it doesn't have any funky scents
it has a medium-strong fragrance
smelled good, and beautiful packaging.
i loved the rich texture
the packaging is a fun shade of blue that st
as it made my foundation appear a bit cakey
felt so luxurious on it
the texture is smooth
creamy which makes it easy to apply
the texture of the product is so creamy
the packaging is to die for gorgeous!!
it smells water with a little fragrance added
the packaging is beautiful has a beautiful blue color
as the product i love is a cream dense
has a delicious smell to perfume
the reason i gave it 4/5 stars is because it has a very strong floral scent to it
love the fancy bright blue glass packaging!
slightly floral, yet fresh, not overpowering.
it's rich in texture
my skin is clear, smooth, and glowing.
it has a very nice subtle floraly fragrance
the packaging is also very elegant.
it's made of glass so it feels very luxurious.
first of all the packaging is gorgeous.
the smell is this beautiful light floral scent that is not overpowering
as for the product itself i loved how luxurious
rich this cream felt
the packaging on this is gorgeous!
however the packaging of water bank cream looks nice
the cream itself is a lovely consistency
it feels very summery
it is a fresh scent
the packaging is beautiful
i love the scent and how it absorbs into my skin!
the scent is light and not overpowering.
although it's thick in texture
it has a lovely scent
the smell is very light and crisp.
the packaging is sturdy and so luxurious.
it has a very soft pleasant scent that goes away after application
firstly the packaging is so delicious.
leaves me with a perfect summer dewy look.
it is also very well packaged in a beautiful blue container
the packaging is very luxurious and beautiful.
this product has a lovely scent
this is a really lovely moisturizer for daily use
it was light and cool.
it has a rose scent though that is very overpowering
i also love the packaging and the fresh smell!
it gives me more a of luxury product vibe
it not only has beautiful glass packaging
this has a faint floral smell
floral scent that is soothing to the sense
it has a floral scent that is not overly strong.
the cream itself smells amazing
heavy jar has such a luxe feel
the cream is scented
feels airy on the skin
i love how bright blue it is
gives off beach vibes
the scent is really light
i've seen my skin glowing
it was clean smelling.
it's a very thick cream
the scent smells super clean
luxurious way this exfoliates my face
the smell was great as well as the packaging implies it's a tropical scent
this is a lovely, lightweight moisturizer.
it has such a lovely whipped
it's a really lovely summer moisturizer
i wake up with soft glowy beautiful skin
leaves me glistening with oil by the end of the day
invest in your beautiful face ladies!
luxurious as this one
i love their green clean cleansing balm
love the smoothness that the cupuacu
the packaging is delightful too!
it gives such a gorgeous glow
it has such a lovely
the packaging is beautiful
it's the perfect balance between a heavy moisturizer
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
the color of the product
i feel more radiant
slightly sweet scent which i enjoy
loved the way my skin glowed afterwards.
i also am obsessed with the colour purple that the mask is
i noticed a few days ago that my skin looked incredibly radiant
i can see the radiance
it does give a nice glow
i love the scent
it was brighter and cleaner.
my skin looked fresh
it has a cream texture.
this mask is super creamy
leaves my skin bright
this mask works like magic.
violet-c radiance mask is not like a typical mask
it is creamy and easy to apply.
i loved the way this product smelled
my skin was more vibrant
a fantastic creamy mask that actually works!
silky smooth after you rinse it off
after 15 minutes it leaves your face bright
my skin just looks so radiant
meaning natural fragrance was
love this wonderfuly/colorful mask.
it felt cool and creamy when i put it on.
love how this is less than glam glow by the way!
noticed the beautiful glow rite after one use 4 star is the price would have done 5
my face feels so smooth and looks bright.
the packaging is so gorgeous
it is a gorgeous purple color
it has a beautiful color
it also gave my skin a healthy glow.
i love this because the texture is extremely creamy
it's not floral or fruity it's almost perfumy
not only was my skin left beaming with such a healthy glow
the mask itself is a beautiful blend
i received a complementary travel size of this beautiful lavender mask from tatcha directly to review
i love the texture
left my skin dewy and bright.
very creamy going on and creamy coming off.
i received a beautiful glow after 15 minutes of mask
it gives me glowy skin
it also leaves me with a dewy glow that i adore
perfect all-in-one lightweight tinted moisturizer with spf that literally makes my skin glow
i am fair skinned with a pink undertone
once it's all blended in it matches my medium olive skin perfectly
it is truly just a tinted moisturizer.
gives my face a healthy glow
i love the thicker texture of the cream.
i do prefer the fruitier scent of vitazing
a moisturizer that has a little bit of a tint.
the sun protection is wonderful to prevent aging skin
the skin tint matches to my skin perfectly
gives my translucent skin a beautiful sun- kissed glow
this baby transforms my skin
gives it a nice glow
blends in really beautifully
the scent is lovely
i love the finish, it is glowing but not oily.
feels refreshing while applying
beautiful slight luminosity with a light-as-air feel
blends like a dream just with fingers
gorgeous product- will repurchase.
the light shade matched my skin tone absolutely perfectly
has good coverage without looking cakey
the "light" tone is perfect
makes my skin tone glow in the most beautiful natural way
my skin is brown with yellow undertones
the tan shade just made it
hence the name of the shade?
please add darker tones!
i ended up blending two colors to get my perfect shade
just received this in the mail in the "medium" tint
not greasy which is what glossier feels like
it's so beautiful on the skin.
helped with the texture
it appears more radiant & smooth.
i enjoyed the smell of the product
it also made my skin look more radiant
i wish it was a lighter scent.
my skin looked brighter
my skin seems to have a glow to it
left a very dewy look
if you want glow, you're gonna get glow.
the scent it's so lovely
i just felt more alive and radiant.
my first impression when using this product is the smell it has a really nice like floral scent
vibrant it made my skin look
it smells fabulous--clean
it has a pleasant scent to it
i noticed my skin glowed the morning after applying
my skin was glowing
have noticed a glow to my skin
it has a pleasant aroma.
it smells like honeysuckle
my lovely under eye circles weren't as prominate
it's sweet but not too overpowering.
my skin glowed during my trial.
there is a fragrance which was light
the fragrance was light
i loved the way it smelled
this made it beautiful
my skin looked more radiant
my combination skin feels glorious — soft
glowing after using this
my skin looks brighter.
so far my skin has been mkr radiant looking
also my skin looks radiant
it leaves my skin glowy
i love the scent
my skin gets a dull tone to it
my skin is brighter
this product has a lovely
my skin is brighter
applied it leaves your skin silky smoothe
the scent is amazing!
i love it because it makes the product feel more luxurious
the smell is subtle yet refreshing
i love the light, clean scent.
and by day 7 i had all of that and a glow.
it has a pleasant smell thats not too strong in any way or perfumey
how bright it looked
my skin instantly looked more glow-like
looks amazingly radiant on
my skin had an improved glow
my forehead with those lovely 11'evens are looking smoother
i love the smell and texture.
gorgeous on my skin.
my skin is plump and has this gorgeous glow.
the product goes on beautifully
the scent is so good i feel like i'm at the spa.
i wools imagine it would be a bit irritating
it has more refreshing texture
this mask is so soothing
the smell is very pleasant
the floral scent isn't my favorite
i much prefer the citrusy or minty scents of his other products
it goes on gentle without a tingle or anything
lovely scent from essential oils
this gelee mask was a great discovery.
the silt gelee mask is one of my favorite products from volition beauty
this silt gelee is a lovely once a week mask to keep my skin clear
this all natural gelee is simply amazing!
it makes all of the difference in the success of the gelee
so gentle on the skin
i also enjoyed the neroli complete cream.
the texture is so creamy
leaving you with glowing super fresh feeling skin
it has a refreshing earthen minty aroma.
the sponge is luxurious
it's the perfect balance of cleansing
lots of compliments on my glowing skin
my skin also looks brighter and fresh!
it transformed my skin from dull
vibrant my skin feels
this mask gives such a beautiful healthy glow to the skin
face now has a glow
silt gelee is my new beauty bestie!
makeup applies beautifully over it
luminous glow that lasts all day
this wonderful gel has brightened my skin tone
the texture is so silky
it also looks bright
luminous in a lifelike way
it creates the perfect canvas for smooth makeup
volition beauty ocean energy youth beauty gel is superb
every single of their products is beautiful
this product is perfect at nighttime because it's light
its such a luxurious product
my skin feels radiant
it works so beautifully with concealer
it's a cool gel texture
it's jelly texture glides on effortlessly.
it makes my shadow blend like a dream in the mornings
and say hello to sparkling resfed eyes.
the consistency and the color are lovely as well.
the packaging is so beautiful
tingly when you apply it
it's so silky and light.
it has really restored my youthful glow
it has no scent
all i can say is it is silky smooth
love the mild scent
this is such a beautiful face cream that feels expensive/luxurious
luxurious on my skin
now my skin is clear and radiant.
you just have the most radiant skin
skin tone and texture has evened out.
makes my skin glow
comfort my eye area
it starts off creamy
plus there's not an overpowering scent to this cream
super fine and silky smooth clay mask.
leaves the skin feeling amazing which is rare for deep cleansing masks
clears my pores beautifully.
you have a beautiful hydrating mask
after the glam glow charcoal mask
décolleté for a glowy summer look
it sinks beautifully into the skin
helps my foundation not look cakey
the smell of "clean" is a little overpowering
this is the perfect gentle cleanser that truly leaves the skin feeling cleansed
this cleaner is very gentle.
gives you a subtle dewy glow
it's very thick and creamy and very moisturizing.
i love their morning avocado eye cream as well.
it all lays beautifully under foundation
that's the nature of dark spots
nice scent but not overpowering.
there is no real fragrance except for a slight earthy smell from the clay which is comforting
leaves skin looking bright
it kind of tingles on your skin
bright after using this
the combo makes eye area look more plump
silky skin that makes me want to keep on touching it
feeling more youthful in the morning
i like the texture of the product.
decided to purchase the invigorating night transformation gel
my skin's texture was a mess
tatcha tripe recovery indigo cream
an overall more radiant skin
my skin glows after using this product.
bright in the morning
my skin is a lot less textured
mixes well with it to give me glowing skin in the morning
the fragrance is off smelling
i also felt my skin being more radiant/brighter
brightens red marks or spots
woke up with lovely skin
this one really make my face glow.
it keeps my skin looking bright
has given me a niiiice glow
glowing for your foundation
it smells kind of funny, but natural.
my skin looks so radiant
clear,beautiful, firmer skin.
makes my skin glow
it has a glow that i didn't have before.
while it smells delicious
plantscription because i love a beautiful-smelling moisturizer
has a nice matte finish.
the scent is a little strong
exactly like an orange creamsicle
it smells like icing on a cake tbh.
this smells amazing like sherbet
i ultimately bought it because of the nice citrusy scent it has
it smells like a creamsicle.
this creme smells like heaven
great moisturizer, very thick and love the smell.
i love the texture and application of this cream!
it feels luxurious when i put it on.
i love the texture of this cream
it absorbs quickly and feels luxurious.
plus it smells like fruit loops!
it literally smells like a dreamsicle or sherbet!
the consistency and smell are divine.
so refreshing before this cream
if you like sweet smells
it has a lovely citrus aroma that makes me feel happy when applying
it smells like candy.
the cream isn't super thick
this smells like summer!
makes my skin feels like silk
like an orange creamsicle!
it smells kind of like orange cream or something sweet
it instantly comforts and moisturizes my skin.
it smells amazing like orange popsicle or fruit loops
plus it smells like froot loops!
if you don't like scented stuff i wouldn't recommend this--it smells like sweet c
smells like an orange strawberry smoothie!
it tones down the redness to a pink
it has a pleasant, mild smell (not overly rosy.
i hate rose scents).
the creamsicle smell also helps.
just like an orange creamsicle!
it feels so silky smooth on my skin
this smells like a fruity concoction
comforts my skin troubles
best part is it smells like fruity pebbles!
i don't find it smelling like "old lady" creme or whatever
it smells faintly like a c
with exception of the night invigorating gel
this leaves it fresh
wonderful sweet smeel and smooth application
great sensitive skin moisturizer that smells like orange creamsicle
the smell is very sweet
but i personally love the sweet smell.
this smells like orange creamsicle and i love it.
the sent smells like mangos
it is super gentle
smells just like an orange creamsicle
it smells like fruity pebbles
will keep purchasing plus it smells like orange ice cream
it smells like grapefruit/starburst candies.
love the smell-like orange vanilla
my skin feels very plush
love that it's a pinky color
my skin feels silky
the scent is light
this moisturizer smells like fruity pebbles!!
it smells amazing literally like an orange creamsicle
leaves it feeling plump
my skin is moisturized and radiant!!
it smells like an orange cream pop.
this stuff is heavenly
it smells like orange creamsicle
the smell is so delicious
reminds me of an orange creamsicle!
it foams up nicely which i love
the orange smell is strong
the orangy smell is wonderful without being too perfumey or overpowering
i enjoyed the eucalyptus smell that the cleaner had
i now have a more natural glow
the smell is vibrant
the smell is so refreshing, wakes me up!
leaves my skin with a perfect and smooth glow.
i get the best results for my skins i love how thick the texture is along with it's orangey smell
i love the citrus scent and the thick texture.
really nice subtle citrus scent.
really lovely light smell.
i love the way this cleanser smells
it isn't super foamy
the smell is pleasant
has a very refreshing scent
keeps my skin looking bright
my skin feels so lovely afterwards
it's spey gentle for the eyes and smells great.
nice, clean citrus smell.
it gives out a creamy lather that isn't greasy
i love the orange scent
it also has a light, fresh scent that i love!
is refreshing in the am
the tangerine smell is wonderful
love this cleanser because it's refreshing
the orange scent is so fresh and clean.
it smells like citrus
love the citrus scent
like oranges or something citrus
it's gentle and it smells great.
now my skin is glowing.
the sweet citrusy scent is nice
the scent is a heavy citrus
other extracts instantly brighten up dullness
the citrus scent is amazing
has a nice citrus scent.
it keeps my skin bright and fresh!
it smells like the cross between a chemical smell
i also love the smell!
it brightened my skin
likes that it is foamy
i love the fruity smell
it has a great orange-y scent
i love the orange scent.
also gives a nice glow.
i love the creamy feel of other cleaners
this combines both of those textures in one
and this gives you a beautiful glow too.
it gives you a beautiful glow.
on its own, it'll give you a nice glow.
leaves the skin looking luminous
my skin is literally glowing!
sheer transformation has licorice in it to help me with my little lines
gives me a "natural glow
i just love the scent of the sheer transform!
it gives you a glow, good for dry skin.
very hydrating, smooth and great subtle scent.
this is like magic in a jar!
my skin looks so plump, glowly and gorgeous!
it goes on beautifully, with no scent.
it's a nice light moisturizer
it feels light and airy and absorbs quickly.
more radiant with morning
this stuff makes my skin feel like silk.
my skin looks super radiant- like i just got a facial
helps my makeup lay beautifully
it has a super faint scent
i don't like heavily scented creams
refreshing my skin in the morning
leaves a nice glow on face when applied
my skin is brighter
love the fresh smell.
your skin looks a little shiny at first
also smells amazing with a light orangey scent.
my skin is glowing
also made me glow
my skin in glowing!
because i am a big fan of naturally citrus smelling products
this reminds me of oranges
it's got a lovely citrus smell which is part of the enjoyment of using it
from the aesthetic of the bottle to the wonders it does for your skin
my skin looks more glowy, clear and bright.
i personally like the orange scent
it's very citrusy and fresh in my opinion.
it smells so yummy like an orange creamsicle
it has completely transformed my skin along with the invigorating night gel
it also smells like oranges
my makeup looked flawless and i was glowing!
this stuff is delicious.
it smells amazing and makes my skin glow!!!
this product really does make your skin glow
it lasts forever and makes your skin glow.
the new packaging is gorgeous.
i love the citrus smell
they leave a beautiful glow on my skin
wake up with bright
radiant skin that is not oily
this has the most delicious citrus smell
my skin is glowing and smoother!
my skin is glowing more radiant
it smells so delicious.
it brightens my face
this makes my skin completely glow
more radiant than i can ever remember it looking
the invigorating night treatment
keeps my face bright
my face feels brighter
it absorbs into the skin beautifully
my skin always looks radiant
my skin feels smooth and looks radiant.
people have said my skin looks dewey or that i'm glowing
the 3 pieces of this collection: invigorating night transformation gel
it has a pleasant orange fragrance
my face looks really bright
i just look more radiant
it helps to put a glow on your face
the smell is faint
my complexion is brighter and smoother.
it has a strong orange creamsicle scent
my skin becomes illuminated under my makeup which gives me an overall glow
it is very light weight with a citrusy fragrance
leaves my skin feeling bright
i've noticed my skin glows
makes my skin glow
my skin is gleaming!!!
there is a mild, fresh scent of oranges.
it leaves your skin bright
smells very orange/citrus but nice.
i love the citrus smell because its not overpowering
my face looks brighter
it has a citrus smell
the smell is lovely and a little goes a long way.
i mist first with caudalie grape water or evian
this product brightens my skin
made my skin glow and made me look alive
"dewy" my skin looks
my makeup glides on beautifully.
it has an almost minty or earthy scent that is very clean
5 of a star because the smell
i love the weird herbal smell
most would leave my skin wet feeling and shiny.
i find the smell very relaxing
the scent is a piney/eucalyptus like smell.
great smell also (pine-ish, natural).
the eucalyptus smell is really fresh
it also smells so yummy
the invigorating night creme
i've grown to love the scent of it
works beautifully with my foundation
the scent is quite pleasant
i love the smell, i love the texture...
paired with the refreshing smell
i glow after putting it on!
would be shiny in the afternoon
it is a lightweight cream that glides on nicely
to me it smells like a men's cologne
the scent is delicate
the first thing i noticed about this moisturizer was the heavenly cinnamon vanilla oatmeal scent
i like how the texture feels chunky
i am loving how soothing it is
smells sort of like a christmas tree (piney).
it is light weight and smells refreshing.
the scent is sharp, clean, and outdoorsy.
the hydration is luscious.
it does have a strange smell
it has such a fresh clean scent
the texture was greasy
has a nice, light pine smell to it, too.
the scent may be overpowering to someone sensitive to scents
refreshing on my skin
smells so fresh when applying
gives subtle glow to my skin
it does make your complexion more radiant over night
lightly scented for an all around great moisurizer
i like the fresh scent
this moisturizer smells amazing
awesome, creamy but absorbs quickly
it is very creamy
the smell is invigorating
my skin looks brighter
it smells pleasant to me
this cream is a light texture moisturizer with a fresh clean rosemary scent
also the smell is kinda like a pine refreshing smell
fresh needs to make a perfume out of the creme's scent
the creme feels a bit heavy
gave my tinted moisturizer application a super smooth finish
this product is pure perfection
the rose berry oil
it has a very exquisite
brightens your whole appearance
this cream is divine.
it's worth it to have glowing dewy skin vs dry dull flaky skin
it has begun looking less radiant
it is a bit of an odd texture to work with- very waxy at first
face it glides on like
i love this cream a definite keeper in my beauty routine
no breakouts and no sensitivity feels luxurious!
i love the glow and healthy texture on my face!
makes my skin glow whole day
my skin texture is amazing
under my eyes over fresh lotus eye cream
it keeps my skin bright
they say this is the "couture" cream of fresh.
this cream have a very different clay texture to it
yet it does give skin a lovely, subtle glow.
one of my friends recommened fresh creme ancienne
my skin is glowing
the elixir is also wonderful!
love the suppleness it gives the skin there
i love this cream and i love fresh!
creme ancienne is the winner.
too heavy for daywear.
it is a little thick for my taste
makes my skin feel like velvet
creme ancienne is luscious
combine with the fresh elixir for amazing results
a very silky whipped texture the smell is not s strong one neither is floral
smells clean and fresh to me.
i like most the light almost whipped texture.
there is a strong scent
i enjoy the smell of this product.
this has a strong smell in the jar
glow after using this
it smells faintly of lavender if anything.
gives my skin a dewy glow
it is reminiscent of a lavender type scent
it's smell lemony to me
i love the whipped texture
i don't find it has a strong scent
he thinks it smells funky
makes my skin beautiful
my face is crazy shiny
i like the cream's texture
this makes my skin radiant
reminding me of some sort of herb or spice
leaves velvety finish to the skin
but i enjoy the smell.
the smell of it is slightly repulsive to me
the main thing i like about this moisturizer is its very creamy texture
you kind of could see you skin glow
fluffy--it's nice to have in my morning ritual
from the smell to the light texture
the smell though ... it smells like fish.
defiantly has a fruity smell to it give me head ache
it makes my skin look dewey without being shiny
ives timeless moisture for years
has given me this wonderful glow
in the beginning it was magical
my skin is radiant
skin is smoother and definetley more radiant!
tingly for a couple of days
my skin is brighter
gave it a glowy look
!you wake up with a beautiful smoothie skin!
beautiful skin every morning
this is a light cream that glides on
my skin appears more luminous
i do think it helps give my face a more youthful glow
makes it look fresh
my skin also looks great and has a glow to it.
i noticed my sun spots/dark spots seemed lighter
my undereyes are a muted plum color.
exchanged the clinique for this fresh lotus eye gel
i love fresh products
my eyes look brighter
to brighten or depuff the eye area
the only difference was the absence lotus gel.
the cooling effect is subtle but refreshing.
i love the refreshing tingly feel that it gives
it's lightweight and refreshing to use.
love how gentle this is.
it smells like cucumber as most fresh products do
thank you to the beautiful girls
lovely to start my day
it feels silky smooth
my eyes have an overall look of freshness
the gel has a light scent of cucumber
it smells so fresh.
i love the fresh lotus eye gel!
its amazing with puffiness
then use the lotus youth preserve face cream
perfect combo that leaves skin fresh* and dewy!
the scent of fresh cucumbers is very refreshing
a pale yellow skin tone so to say i have seriously dark circles is an understatement
the scent is quite lovely
love the subtle scent
i could see my under eye area getting creamier looking
it is a lovely hydrating eye cream!
i love everything fresh
this gel smells nice
the gel leaves a nice glow
radiance onto your skin
it is soothing and brightening.
it feels so velvety going on.
i am in love with this magical product.
thanks to fresh .love it
my skin is significantly more radiant
i love the freshness finish
this stuff is heavenly
your skin will be glorious
packaging makes it feel even more luxurious to use
herbaceous fragrance that isn't too heavy
makes your skin feel beautiful
why someone thinks that a mask that turns bright silver or blue is good for your skin is a puzzlement
i've used the glam glow mask before
it makes my skin brighter
it does have a scent
i would buy this over sephora's dupe for the glam glow
velvety mask with a botanical smell
an added bonus is that even though it is a pale green color
it has a great relaxing smell, like a spa.
fresh glow that made me look like i just received a facial at a spa
this mask left my skin silky smooth
this mask has brightened my complexion
the packaging is also lovely
the scent is calming and great for spa night.
it is kinda foamless, and gentle.
more gentle on the face
gentlest products are what works for me
my skin looks fresh
the smell is natural
it smells so divine
it also leaves a nice "glow" to the skin.
light pleasant scent and lasts a long time.
smells nice without being smelly.
this product starts with an amazing lightly sweet
the moisturizer is velvety
it smells nice, lite sent.
it has a nice glow to it, feels soft.
this goes on so creamy
i like the sorbet
my skin has a wonderful youthful glow
this really quenches my skin's thirst.
it is a nice satin finish
the product has a nice fragrant smell
the skin looks radiant with a satin finish
not nearly as light feeling as the sorbet cream though
definitely a new lover of this moisturizer
i actually think this moisturizer makes my skin glow
i love the texture
my sister has noticed a difference in how radiant
it works like a charm
the smell is so refreshing
gives your skin a fresh glow
my skin glows more
her skin looks flawless
then leaves me silky smooth all day
i love the smell and texture.
adds a faint glow to my skin
the smell is fresh.
i love what it does to my skin by leaving it radiant
smells great, smooth and fresh!
smells sweet and light, too.
no fragrence, lovely texture & not greasy.
feels lovely on the skin with no sensitivity or breakouts
its light yet smoothing and smells fabulous.
creamy with a wonderful fresh scent
i like the texture andthe light fragrance.
i love the smell such a clean smell
the gentle cleansing milk is as gentle as the name suggests
it is very milky
it goes gentle with your lashes
the scent is spa like and not too overpowering.
no harsh scents, perfect for a sensitive skin.
gentle, with a light fresh scent.
this is definitely for the girl seeking a luxurious lather over a rich foam cleanse
creamy and smells wonderful - fresh and clean.
it's very gentle too and nice smell.
it's also super amazing combined with the gentle buffing cream
this product is very milky and soothing.
it felt very creamy.
it has a lovely light scent that don't bother my allergies
this is so gentle
as the name gentle, it is milky but feel good.
this product is soothing
since the scents of caudelie products are all natural
the brightening is subtle
this factual cleanser smells wonderful
feels silky smooth on your skin
i love this cleaner!
great ingredients and gentle on the skin.
it feels lovely on the skin when applying it
noticed the need of a creamy cleanser during the cold months
milky with a fresh-fruity-greens smell
this cleanser smells amazing
this cleanser has balanced it beautifully
now that i'm 49 i needed something a little more creamy
soft, clean, fresh, youthful skin!
an even toned complexion
my skin is glowing after use.
it's gentle on the skin
love the natural scent as well
nice and gentle everyday cleanser.
i love the scent
it leaves a noticeable glow
i love the scent!
the smell is a little odd
so not purple or any odd color
this cleanser paired with the fresh lotus youth preserve moisturizer is a match made in heaven
this face wash is magical.
leaves my face very smooth and silky.
it was so gentle to my face
leaves it feeling refreshing
kind of reminds me of cucumber
and it feels so silky and luxurious.
lovely soft scented clear face wash.
this is a great gentle cleanser.
it leaves my skin feeling immaculately clean
velvety when you first put it on
i adore the natural smell of this product.
les makeup removal wonderfully
literally my face looks shiny
i find it gentle
it's really gentle and my skin loves it.
this treatment works like a charm
it's gentle but not too gentle.
i love that it's botanically-based
it's gentle on skin
the boscia clear complexion willow bark spot treatment is the best
this is soothing and truly works.
i adore the natural ingredients
it isn't super red
the product has a wonderful silky feel when applied to the eye area
it's lightweight, silky, and hydrating.
its a very silky gel like cream that goes on a little thick
brightens my under eye area
perfect for my eyelids
puffs gone darkness gone.
i loved the texture
live the way it smells
it does what it says: enlivens
i love the light scent and the texture is nice.
i like the natural scent is has
perfect for the delicate skin around our eyes
such a lovely, light eye area moisturizer.
this is brilliant for day wear under concealer
very creamy, a little goes a long way.
this eye cream is gentle
it leaves my under eye area feeling so silky smooth
i love the texture
the gel texture is soothing and really nice.
the texture is pleasing
i love this eye cream ... rich, creamy, silky.
there is a nice mild scent.
it has brightened my dark spots
wants an amazing moisturizer that brightens
feels like fluffy clouds on the skin
texture is light, scent is minuscule.
i enjoy lightly scent.
texture is a typical cream.
it mildly brighten my dullness
it has a light floral scent to it that smells nice while you apply
the next day my skin looks bright
it's creamy without being too greasy
the wild rose scent is pleasant without being too overpowering
i generally tend to stay away from floral scented products
the scent is rosey but light, it's amazing.
this moisturizer is so light and smells amazing!
found the fragrance to be light
this instantly makes your skin look brighter.
leaving my skin looking dewy
it also smells heavenly thanks to the rose scent.
gentle fragrance which i love
it is fadind my dark circles
the scent is light
i loved waking up with a glowing complexion!
it's perfect for nighttime though!
the scent is faintly floral
lotus super seven complex
i am not a fan of the scent since it is an overbearing old lady rose scent so strong
i usually don't like scented products
my skin is brighter
i can see my skin brightening
love it and it smells lovely.
somewhat brightens my skin
there is a scent to it
oily to having a beautiful healthy glow without makeup
absolutely in love with korres wild rose scent.
was just so distinctive in my memory
rare for a smell to do
it has a pleasant smell to it
this cream is really lovely with its rose scent
i also love the smell
i think the scent is lovely
my skin looks so bright
does leave a shine to your skin
it isn't tacky or oily it just looks like a beautiful glow
feels good going on with a lovely rose scent.
it's a nice subtle rose scent--nothing overpowering
a gentle scent for bedtime
it wears beautifully under makeup
it's mixes beautifully with my facial oil
not with an oily glow
more like a healthy glow
love how it smells
giving you a little "glow"
very natural but slightly sweet.
beautifully aids in my makeup application
i can tell a difference is my skin's luminosity.
it has a lovely consistency
this cream is amazing it makes my skin dewy
smells just subtly of roses which makes me feel luxurious
i love the texture
this product is lightly scented you barely smell the rose
i love the light rise smell
love the way this smells
feels like velvet on
however, the scent is overpowering.
my face always seems radiant
smells after i use it
it gives my face a nice glow
i love the rose scent
the texture of this cream
my complexion definitely got brighter from the tanned state
leaves my skin a bit shiny
the scent is light
mind you i love a rose scent
so calming and gentle to the skin.
it is the perfect gentle cleanser
it smells pleasant and lasts quite a while.
it's a wonderful wash that's gentle
i like that it's creamy - doesn't foam up.
i love that it's gentle
i appreciate how gentle it is.
i love the smell it's just a fresh soft scent nothing overwhelming
it has a pleasant, refreshing scent.
this does have a harsh scent to it
has no scent or color to it
the scent is so fresh.
pleasant fragrance that dissipates quickly after rinsing
it smells like lemons.
upon opening the bottle i noticed this is a scented wash
it has a light fragrance
it's gentle on y skin
this cleanser is so light and refreshing.
it's a very gentle cleanser
this is a nice gentle cleanser for the morning
i think it's calming the redness
very gentle, nice light lemon lime smell.
this soothing gel is perfect.
this is the gentlest
to any of you with rosy complexions that are paired with oily
i've always had ruddy skin
this face wash is a delight!
wonderful everyday cleasning product for delicate
the cleanser is gentle
it smells nice with a hint of citrus
this is the only stuff that make my bright red skin less red
this is the only cleanser that does not make my face bright red
the smell isn't over powering
gives my skin a nice glow
it has a faint fragrance, but it isn't bad.
it smells citrusy, mostly like oranges.
when i wake up my skin is bright.
he loved its smell
it smells like yellow cake
it's been gentle on my skin
the new bottle design is hideous and tacky!
has a light sweet scent.
it has a pleasant smell
gives the face a healthy glow
the smell is pleasant and mild - faintly vanilla.
especially because it allows me to wear blushes that have a little shimmer or glow without them changing color or getting glittery over my pore-infested areas
i prefer picture porefect over the iconic oceight
the product has a very silky feeling.
cue deep bass toned music
it also tingles a little
fresh's lotus preserve with a drop of seaberry oil mixed in
my skin never looks shiny
there is no scent -- which i love
this is a very nice, creamy moisturizer.
my face feels smooth and looks radiant!
my sensative skin feels soothed and lush.
i am pale, and my skin turns red very easily.
my skin has brightened
was not a pleasant sight.
it does the job, lovely cream.
the red cheeks are a nice pink
blemish prone skin looks fabulous at last
i love this cream, feels light and creamy.
airy feeling on face
not loving the new jar dispenser
my skin looks dewy
it has a soft texture, instantly hydrates.
keeps the undereye area bright
the clay is a beautiful red/brown shade.
from living in a smoggy city
my skin looks brighter
it's a wonderful facial treatment
follow with an astringent
use the creamy clay as a spot treatment around that time of the month
this mask is so gentle
this magical clay bar has cleared my minimal blemishes
has given me a beautiful glow
makes my skin glow
left me feeling clean and glowing.
makes my skin glow
texture that it's made with natural ingredients
it is so gentle
this cleanser is fabulous for dry/ sensitive skin
is so gentle on the eyes
soothing with a silky texture
this cleanser smells so refreshing
this cleanser is gentle
this cleanser smells beautiful
this cleanser makes my skin glow
my rose water has left my skin glowing
love the subtle concumber smell
i love how gentle it is
radiant after using this
it smells like cucumbers
the scent is fine.
it smells like cucumber
this is a liquidy gel that smells nice
smells of genuine fresh cucumber
my skin is balanced and glowing.
the smell is so relaxing
its a delicate face cleanser
has a light fragrance to it
it makes my skin glow
-- i look forward to cleansing at night because it smells like cucumbers
my face looks radiant!
this product is perfectly gentle
it does have a cucumber smell
it tones my skin
this product is super gentle
my skin looked brighter
this is an amazing, gentle cleanser!
it has a really subtle cucumber scent.
it is very foamy and refreshing.
i love the texture and mild cucumber smell too.
i love the faint cucumber smell of this face wash
my skin always looks bright
it's so refreshing with a cucumber scent.
the cleanser itself smells pleasant
i love how gentle this product is on the skin
my texture is smooth
it smells good and is gentle.
a little rosy which is rare for me
vibrant after using this cleanser
cucumber adds a huge soothing property to it
it's so mild and smells nice like cucumbers.
i like that fresh scent
i also loooove the smell its such a light clean scent that reminds me of the spa
i also love the smell
dupe for glam glow
much like glam glow
there is a strong cooling menthol-like sensation
your face will look funny in orange/clay color
the texture is very soft reddish clay
i've tried so many masks from glam glow
if you don't like mint or spearmint
i even like the cool, minty smell it has.
even liked the tingly
it does tingle somewhat
smells good and makes skin matte and dewy.
it really is red-brown
t looks pretty funny on a pale white guy
this clay mask really tingles
this clay goes on cool after a freshly cleasned face
the face starts to tingle
i felt a mild burning/tingle
the clarins cleansing milk smells wonderful
the creamy texture helps soothe your skin.
radiant while providing intense moisture
also, this stuff has a wonderful relaxing aroma.
creamy texture prevents skin from drying
leaves a nice dewy finish
i tend to use this in the winter as its pretty creamy
the delicate scent is an absolute treat.
perfect for gently cleansing the skin
besides, the smell is divine.
after applying, the skin is clean and silky.
i love this cleanser because it smells divine
it makes your face like silk
yet it is gentle
this product has a really nice milky texture
it's gentle for everyday use
soothing cleanser that leaves my face in perfect condition
it is very creamy
it is perfect for calming 'upset' skin
the scent is heavenly!
it leaves skin dewy
i don't look nearly as bright
it has a mattish glow that i loved
like an orange creamsicle
it works amazing an it perfect for a matte lip with gloss or lipstick
i say follow up with the glam glow dreamduo
this made my skin look so beautiful after 8 hours of wear
leaves a nice glow, perfect under foundation!
cons:very strong orange creamsicle scent
i think shiny is to obvious.
this is a beautiful matte glow that is nonchalant
it adds a beautiful glow without looking greasy or becoming greasy later in the day
yes there is a definite ice cream/gelato type of smell to it
this is so silky smooth
it's creamy but absorbs quickly and feels light.
it smells like a creamsicle mixed with nice sunscreen which makes me super excited for summer
keeps my skin radiant throughout the work day!
i see a nice glow even after my setting powder
it does smell like a creamsicle
it's gives a great matte luminous look which i love
does give me a glow after i use both day
silky smooth with a dreamy matte finish
this stuff smells delicious
smells like an orange ice cream!
it's matte with a glow from within.
still somehow leaves me looking radiant
makes your skin look divine
it leaves a slightly tacky feeling behind
this also smells like a pina colada dream vacation
blends in beautifully to the skin
i love the texture and smell of this moisturizer!
this is a gorgeous moisturizer!
really is a matte glow
not glittery or sparkly
the scent is delicious
it smells like orange creamsicle
plus i'm in love with the scent.
smells like orange popsicles, but not too strong.
it's a really subtle scent.
it smells like orange creamsicle
i don't smell orange creamsicle all day.
i found the scent subtle.
what it will do is blur your skin beautiful for no makeup days
polished on makeup days
it smells amazing, like an orange creamsicle.
the moisturizer smells like orange creamsavers
this smells like oranges and cream.
which is just delicious
my skin looks flawless
my skin felt tacky
i am a huge fan of the glam glow line so when i saw this new moisturizer
smells just like a creamsicle!
gave my skin a beautiful finish
glam glow has done it again!
literally smells like wells blue bunny sherbet ice cream
plus it smells divine!
after applying this at nighttime my skin the next morning looked radiant
it smells like peaches or mango chapstick
its leaves the skin a like tacky
in the morning my face does have a nice glow to it
the only thing missing is the glow.
the texture is insane!!
my makeup looks seamless
leaves a nice velvety finish
it smells wonderful like cupcakes.
an the orange creamsicle scent makes me happy every time i open the jar
i love how this product smells, its so delicious.
it feels like velvet
it smells amazing like orange creamscicle
the texture/smell is amazing!
reminds me of the becca ever-matte primer
gives my skin a super healthy glow.
it smells delicious as well as feels very luxurious
this is a lovely moisturizer
with a delicious creamsicle scent
it smells like freshly baked chocolate chip cookies
for my women of color.
while leaving behind a gorgeous healthy looking glow
the packaging is cute
i love how it blend into my skin
made my skin glow
my skin is so bright
healthy glow without making me look like a greasy freak
gives off a nice bright glow to the natural face
the moisturizer feels great on the skin a bit tacky
it adds a nice pretty glow.
it is very gentle, gives you a glowy look.
it also leaves your with a nice dewy glow
my skin looks bright and healthy.
every time i put it on i feel gorgeous.
i fall in love with the glow on my face.
the texture is smooth
it gives my skin such a beautiful glow
leaves my skin feeling very silky and smooth.
my skin was luminous
it goes on weird and tacky but dries nice.
it just leaves me with the perfect radiant glow
my skin looks so radiant
and my skin is glowing.
they went from a very dark blueish purple color to a more flesh color now which is easier to cover with makeup now
this leaves my skin very radiant.
my skin seems to glow
my skin just glows whenever i use it.
my face had a beautiful glowy
it gave my face a youthful
beautiful my skin is
it does a great job of evening out my red splotchy skin
it is more radiant
my skin looks more radiant
gives my skin a great glow
now my makeup applies beautifully over my skin
formula is light, non fragrant...easy on my skin
i've noticed that my skin is more radiant
my face more radiant
makes your skin glow like no other
it made my skin looked glow.
this serum has a gorgeous velvety texture that sinks in leaving my skin feeling supple
it melds nicely under moisturizers and products.
i definitely see an instant dewy glow every morning
it defiantly brightens your complexion
this keeps my complexion bright + even
i really like that my skin gets bright and firm.
the sun spots have faded slightly
this definitely gave my skin a radiant glow.
my dark spots are lighter
very gentle yet so fabulous at getting rid of the flakes
my skin is as beautiful
it smells so yummy like yogurt
it works...it also smells divine!
i've had crystal clear skin
i love the scent
thanked the sweet beauty advisor who helped me :
light green i think
makes your skin gorgeous
my face feels clean and bright after every use!
it makes my face look bright!
the texture is milky
the scent is pleasantly floral
my skin is glowing.
my skin is clear and looks radiant
i like that it is gritty
the smell is kind of reminiscent of a cleaning product
it's so gentle but works perfectly!
brightens the skin very nicely.
my skin has responded beautifully
my skin has a radiant
reminds me of a orange/lemon scented cleaning product
this was a pleasant surprise
love this gentle exfoliator.
its mild peachy/orangey smell definitely wakes me up
pairing this in the morning with the shesiedo gentle cleanser in the evening
the orange smell is great and refreshing.
it's gentle enough to use after a day in the sun
my skin looks cleaner
i live in the south with lovely humidity.
making it look bright
citrus smells wakes me up
radiant without stripping the moisture from my skin
this one smells divine
this product is gentle
it's gentle because the exfoliants are fine
this product has a mild orange/oatmeal scent
love the great citrus smell of this exfoliator.
not being a fragrance lover
the scent is fab
smells great, a bit soapy, but subtle.
this is a nice gentle cleanser
you'll love their signature smells
the orange scent isnt too overpowering
it has such a fresh invigorating scent
it smells like orange blossoms
gentle for all skin types
the scent is pleasantly refreshing
it smells great but not too citrusy.
the scent is fresh
my skin is bright and healthy looking.
it smells like orange blossoms
this is the perfect blend of clean
my skin feels silky smooth and clean after use.
i love the orangey smell of this exfoliator.
the light scent is lovely.
i find it delightful
it smells really fresh
the smell is orange
make my skin look bright
i like the smell
this exfoliator is truly gentle
it is highly scented, but in a pleasant way.
as it does sort of smell like some kind of orange scented detergent
the smell is gentle
the orange scent is an added bonus
it polishes my skin and smells divine.
i love the light orange scent
it is gentle enugh for everyday.
i love the citrus fragrance
my skin ad a luster to it
very gentle exfoliation and smells great!
i think it works best layered under another creamier formula which would then cover your fine lines
forget the chilled cucumber slices- this is a miracle in a tube
soothes the delicate eye area
this gel is so delicate and refreshing.
the skin surrounding looks brighter
this cream keeps the delicate skin around my eyes looking
it works like a charm
this luxurious cream glides on
i never liked kiehl's avocado eye cream despite the hype
the texture is so light
although it felt lovely
this cream is eye magic!
the lovely lady who was doing my facial actually put some of this cream on my husb
doesn't have a strong fragrance
continued use has kept my formerly crinkly undereye area nice
leaves a velvety finish in skin.
gives me a pretty glow without upsetting the delicate balance in my skin
it makes my skin look retouched
give my makeup a luminous glow to it
paired with laura mercier translucent setting powder my makeup was bulletproof
it looked like a healthy "went for a jog" glow rather than a "my makeup is melting" slick
you are as fresh as a flower
it works wonderfully as a primer
the scent is lovely.
i feel like it gives my face a nice glow
nothing gave my face a glow like this "éclat de beauté " with or without makeup
lovely light orange fragrance
then glossier skin tint
my skin more radiant
creamy to be used as a primer
the scent is very "sweet old lady"
i've found it gives me a beautiful
my skin feels silky
i wanted an airy primer that would cover pores
my face looks bright
nothing compares to the glow i get from the beauty flash balm
the results are beautiful
i tried to use it with my sample of the new nars all day luminous weightless
it gives it a dewy radiance that lasts into the next day
although i find clarins products to be too fragrant
when i apply it my skin looks dewy
brightness under my foundation
beauty flash balm used to be the "red carpet secret" to the glowing skin of many celebs
it is a pleasant enough product
does impart a lovely finished result
i enjoyed wearing beauty flash balm without foundation
it adds a nice luminosity to my skin
it gives my skin a great glow too
it does give it sort of a glow without any shimmer or anything
this lotion is light with a great scent.
completely makes your face glow
it instantly makes my face look brighter
dewy as it had been it finally clicked that it was the beauty flash balm that gave me that fresh glow
it is a nice base for tinted primers or pore perfection
my skin does look dewy
there is a subtle old lady smell
this clarins beauty flash balm does just what it claims- brightens your face in a flash
gives me a glow that lasts the entire day under makeup
this beauty cult classic is a definite must have on in my beauty bag
there was a matte look, yet a glow on my face.
my makeup goes on beautifully
i am thrilled with beauty flash balm!
it provides a glow, an illumination.
it has a clean, refreshing scent.
my skin looks luminous
the peach shimmer lip gloss
coffee grounds lm eye shadow
lm shadow vanilla nuts
now i see why people praise clarins beauty flash balm
it makes my skin look bright
smells just slightly powdery
to help keep the complexion matte
making it look radiant
i really don't like products with artificial fragrance
feels lovely and helps my bb cream blend quickly.
look hotter in a moment with this miracle baum!
it really creates a beautiful luminous effect under foundation
it gives an overall bright look (not shiny!)
every time i do i get complimented on my glowing complexion
gives the face a natural-looking glow
set shiny areas with powder
either way, your complexion will be radiant.
comment on how beautiful my skin looks
i like the texture
this is my second beauty flash balm.
perfect for dry-ish skin
it makes your face glory
i love the fresh scent
this product helps give you a nice "glow"
this balm makes the skin brighter
it brightens the skin tone
makes it glow subtly
my skin is glowing
it also smells gorgeous
my skin is very bright
my skin looks luminous
clarins beauty flash balm is an interesting product
just a dab of this on your face leaves a glow
makes me look instantly brighter
it seems to add a glow to my appearance
totally gives my face a lovely glow
i woke with glowing skin.
this product leaves my skin feeling bright
love the foamy feeling
medium/olive skin tone
very simple yet chic
i love the scent
my skin has a wonderful glow to it
it does smell familiar
perhaps like an ivory soap bar
my skinned seemed brighter
it's a creamy-ish cleanser
the lemony scent is great too.
seems like my skin is brighter
it does have a tea tree oil essence smell to it
it's thick in texture
the texture of my skin
i like the texture of this cream.
love the texture, the smell!
this cream is creamy
which can smell horrific
have been complemented on my flawless skin
i live in a really tropical area
this gives me a glow as is not too coarse.
my skin is glowing
i like the texture of the product
must be the combo of tea tree oil
it does have a strong herbal scent from the tea tree oil
is because of the smell
the texture is rich
it goes on smooth and is creamy.
the jar is quite lovely
has a nice tingly after touch
the smell isn't over the moon wonderful
just very natural smelling.
it feels so nice and has a subtle scent.
the smell is neutral and not overpowering.
one of the palest people you'll ever see
imagine the sunlight girls
it's refreshing and prevents peeling.
i warn you it smells like salad
the sun was strong and burt my skin.
smells refreshing, cooling sensation is pleasant.
it is very dewy
it makes my skin glow
i wanted an after-sun product that was all-natural
it was sooo soothing
i wanted to buy the korres instant soothing gel
tingly sensation after putting it on
the smell is so fresh
it calms the redness and cools so beautifully.
it has a milky flowery smell n tends to be lil sticky
this lotion quenches sun-fried skin
fades the red into a nice golden color
its amazingly refreshing cold
like a sweet almond scent
it is not feminine at all
which allows him to feel manly while enjoying a beauty product
i am very pale
it also isn't tacky like aloe!
i just love the scent
it has a milky smell that my husb
it's an excellent after-sun cream
i found the smell pleasant
nose were a less-than-lovely shade of fire engine red
helped my skin progress into a nice tan
my face was a little rosy a couple hours after tanning
the terrible redness was gone in 2 days leaving my face with a beautiful tan
i planned to wear a strapless gown
had a maroon colored face
kind of has a faint weird smell
the coolness distracts from the itch of the poison ivy
makes your skin feel heavenly
it's really soothing and calming to the skin.
the smell of it is very calming
the texture is light
good for after-sun.
it has a very light, natural fragrance.
it is a rich cream
i didn't find the fragrance pleasant
it's smooth like a rich
the packaging is very classy
my skin loves this cream.
it does have a powdery smell.
it's a classic face cream scent
it blends in nicely with a silky texture.
smells a bit like baby powder to me
my skin is fresh
skin is dewy and glowing.
not scented or anything
leaves my skin dewy
i love this cream, has very pleasant scent.
i am fair complexion
l'occitane ulta rich face cream would definitely meet her approval
this cream is really soothing
quest for the perfect moisturizer
my favorite all time face cream is elizabeth grady sheer moist cream
even over dark chocolate
this product is rich and creamy.
i love the smell, and the feel of the cream.
it makes my skin glow in the winter
it has a subtle baby powder scent that is very comforting
this cream is rich
makes my skin feel lovely all day
only downfall: the odd powdery smell.
my skin looked dewy
love this as a night cream
my skin looks luminous and not at all oily.
without being too musky or overpowering
love to use it because of the scent
it's very lightweight, goes on silky smooth.
the scent lingers in a nice way.
has that cool sensation
the scent isn't too strong or musky
seems to be a magnet for poison ivy
no girly smell of course
this does have a more masculine smell to it
most lotions are too girly
we both love the scent
soaks into the skin leaving you smelling great
it smells so yummy
i think i smell like a sagey citrus field
my complexion got brighter
luxurious feel when i put it on
my skin feels like silk
i love the citrus smell
i love the faint
the fragrance of it relaxes me.
you will have beautiful
makes my skin look brighter
it isn't greasy, just smooth and soothing.
this one has your face bright
it has a nice smell and isn't at all sticky.
the texture of the cream makes it easy to rub in
my complexion looks smoother
the aroma is very light
it does have a faint smell
it's softer, glowing, and i have less blemishes.
it has the lightest scent of oranges
it also smells fresh.
i love the citrus smell.
it gives you a dewy look under makeup.
lightly scented & makes my skin look brighter.
it leaves a weird texture.
i love the light orange scent
rather like fresh oranges
it makes my skin glow
this does smell faintly of oranges
this is an amazing moisturizer/sun screen.
the smell of the product is refreshing.
has a nice citrus scent
not a funky sunscreen smell
a subtle pleasant scent that disappears quickly
i love the orange smell
it gives great sun protection
has no harsh fragrance
seems to give my skin a glow
it gives me a great glowy hue not shiny skin.
lightly scented orange too.
sinks into skin beautifully
it makes your skin glow
the sun-coverage is great.
it's almost as if it adds a glow.
has a pleasant citrus-y smell
the product smells lovely like oranges
my skin also has a slight dewy glow
without looking shiny at all
it helps with sun spots
beautiful just love this product
no weird spf smell
smells like oranges- clean & fresh.
my skin looks brighter
love the slightly citrus smell, too.
the orangey scent is really nice
very pleasant light orange scent.
it gives wonderful greaseless moisture.
this is a lovely, light lotion for my oily skin.
it smells lightly of delicious oranges.
i also like the fresh smell.
first, it has a lovely orange scent.
the orange scent is what i loved most.
i don't even go for citrus scents
i really do love the fresh scent
i like the smell
it smells a little like oranges to me
moisturizers this even has a great citrusy smell
my skin has its natural healthy glow back
otherwise by itself it works beautifully
super refreshing, clear, bright skin.
give the face a nice healthy glow
my face looks like it has a natural brightness
it has a hint of orange scent
i love the scent as well!
the scent is clean/citrus
i love this mild and soothing cleanser.
ps: love the scent as well.
i love the way this cleanser feels and smells.
the smell is quite refreshing
the light fragrance is very pleasant.
i love the citrus clean smell
bliss fabulous foaming facewash
the glow after cleansing
it has a mild, citrus-like scent.
it gives an instant glow
i loved the scent
gives it a radiant glow i haven't gotten with any other cleanser
i feel like my skin is glowing
the citrus scent is fresh
the smell is fresh and uplifting.
i love this murad cleaner!
it has a lovely citrus scent
it brightens my skin to a shiny foundational clean
it tingles as you use it
my skin just had a healthy glow
then my face is bright
my skin is so soft, and has a beautiful glow!!
my skin became beautiful
the orange scent is refreshing
leaves my skin luminous
it also has a very subtle light smell
retrieved it for my own cosmetics cupboard as it smells like a lemony dream
it's light, not greasy, and lightly scented.
the fragrance is clean
this cream seems luxurious yet light
it is not scented
although i do see more of a glow to my skin.
it leaves a nice matte finish
my skin looks ageless
product was thick and creamy but not heavy.
left my skin looking amazing and youthful.
this beautiful cream is wonderfully smoothing
non-greasy, creamy texture.
gives the skin a nice glow under makeup.
my skin does look more radiant.
this creamy product is wonderful at preventing dryness
has a nice creamy texture
its' a nice daily moisturizer that makes my skin glow
it makes it difficult to blend shadows
the cream itself is very luxurious.
keeps eyes looking youthful.
makes my eyes brighter
i like that it's creamy and absorbs fast.
love this eye cream!
i love the texture
it seems more youthful
because it was gentle
love this eye cream
tery scent which is a plus
do i look super youthful?
deal with blueish circles
it preps the eye area beautifully for concealer!
not thick, greasy, or scary smelling.
this eye cream is a soothing drink of moisture for your delicate eye area
lightens my dark circles
love this eye cream!
i love this eye balm.
it is so smoothing, soothing and comforting.
it brightens under my eyes
not shimmery or glittery
the texture is smooth
it brightens the eyes
love this eye cream!
dermadoctor wrinkle revenge eye balm is so soothing
i love the smoothness of this eye cream
i love the texture of this product
increased firmness, brightness, and smoothness.
it does somewhat brighten my eyes
this lovely mask renews
bright smooth eye area
has a sheen to it that helps with fine lines.
the consistency is very creamy
absorbs a little slow cuz it's quite creamy
i like the “essential-c” cream because it's gentle
the texture seems smoother
dark circles are brightened
it brightens the undereye
it is soothing to my eye area.
the citrus smell is also a refreshing plus
it has a nice, citrus smell.
without any lingering fragrance
has a nice light fragrance
less like the fresh grapefruit smell i am used to
without making him shiny
smells funny but it serves its purpose.
light, non-greasy, nice scent.
funky wet towel odor
the product used to have a nice light citrus scent
it is citrusy from the grapefruit
i think it smells a little like blackberries as well
this product has a scent
it says un-scented
has a subtle citrus smell which doesnt compete with colonge
has a pleasant very subtle scent.
it's light in texture
love the tingling feeling.
i find the lavender scent very calming.
the tingling sensation felt great
the smell is really strong lavender scented
it also leaves your skin with a fresh tingly
the smell is strongly lavender
gave me a nice glow
it helps my skin look radiant
i love the scent and it is not overpowering.
the smell is super calming
love the lavender smell.
its a peeeerfect combination with the scents
to me it smells like lavender
i like this scent
if you like lavender
this mask was calming
you don't look like a green monster
fresh start eye cream
left my delicate skin feeling vibrant
discreet if i want to turn my plane ride into a spa
perfect for mask junkies like me since it's gentle
deep cleans and brightens skin beautifully.
it leaves my skin glowy
i love the tingly feeling
i smell mostly lavender
it goes on with a cool sensation
the lavender scent is very relaxing and pleasant.
this product smells so lovely the 20 minutes i have it on are a treat to me
its very gentle and soothing!
the lavender smell is so nice.
i like the light texture
a little tingly when it goes on
a relaxing spa in a jar, and smells amazing.
plumped up my skin and gave it a glow.
my face never ceases to look radiant
the scent is soothing lavendar
the smell is powerful
it isn't a perfume-y or fake lavender smell at all
the texture is great too: a translucent
it leaves my skin glowing!
it smells like sharp lavender
can feel a bit drippy
it makes my skin look beautiful.
the lavender scent is really relaxing.
let it sit for an hour while enjoying the relaxing scent
it wakes up my skin and makes me glow.
leaves it moist dewy
looks radiant like i'm way younger
it makes my skin look brighter
it makes my skin glow
leaves your skin glowing
the lavender smell is divine
bonus: the lavender is very relaxing
the smell is heavenly.
has a healthy glow afterwards
but this was a pleasant surprise.
blue/black berry enzyme mask is very gentle
it hydrates my skin and gives it a gorgeous glow.
makes my skin glow after i use it
i just want a gentle polish
cool creamy gel feels amazing on my skin
it gives a nice glow.
gives it a great healthy glow
it's cool and the scent is relaxing.
this mask is fresh smelling cool to the touch
i love this mask straight out of the fridge its super refreshing
this mask has a very pleasent smell to it which i found relaxing
was expecting a little pinkness
i love the cooling/soothing effect of this great mask
my skin is glowing
if you want radiant skin
for the fact that it's gooey
it has a nice lavender scent that also seems like aromatic therapy
the texture reminds me of egg whites.
my face has a beautiful glow about it
my skin just glows after this
then that sensation is replaced with a refreshing sensation
the smell is lovely
seems to give my skin a glow
had an odd odor
the cream is super rich
this is both gentle
not shiny at all
my skin feels like silk
it feels creamier and not as thick.
fabulous for the drier winter months !
good smell, buttery/gel like (awesome combo!)
my face has a healthy glow (not greasy!)
it keeps skin glowing and fresh looking.
leaves me dewy and i love it!
leaves you with a nice glow in the morning
i love the natural, organic smell it gives off.
waking up with a glow
it's superb, rich & creamy.
it has a faint natural scent
at the same time is deliciously light
my under eye has a nice youthful glow now.
my eyes look brighter
fine lines and a bit of a crepey texture.
smile with my eyes
this one is creamy
it goes on very creamy
love this eye cream
it's rich and creamy without being greasy.
this is why benefiance makes the perfect nighttime eye cream
feels silky on the skin
never looks cakey or shiny
the product is lightweight and silky.
i wake up with a beautiful smooth skin
this creme is definitely rich
nothing is more beautiful than a luminous "natural looking" beauty
following your natural smile line
you will look ageless!
love this eye cream
it is very creamy
soothing and gentle, non-irritating
the smell is very relaxing
the texture is somewhat liquid-y
this product line makes my skin look beautiful!
creamy consistencies because at night i want something that will melt into my skin
it barely has a scent
the scent was overwhelming for me
this moisturizer is so creamy and nourishing.
this creamy light moisturizer will leave your skin subtle
this is a beautiful everyday moisturizer
breezy as this one
it settles in as a gorgeous dewy look.
it has a light fresh scent
in the summer i use boscia's clear complexion treatment which works like a charm
this cream smells fresh
absorbs into my skin wonderfully
because it is quite fragrant some people may not be crazy about it
the scent is refreshing
makes me a little shiny
the skin is so bright and beautiful."
it imparts an iridescence to the skin around your eyes
it's a great base for my super duper concealer which is as thick as wallpaper paste because
at first the texture
feel of this product was kind of funky
radiant looking all day while diminishing the look of fine lines
adds a dewy youthful glow
which i am hoping the opal will help with that
adds some luminosity so the effect is instant brightening
no fancy magical anti-aging promises
leaves a dewy cast where applied
like how it goes on- start out thick/creamy
silky texture full of moisture
brightens under my eyes
color under my eyes
lightens the dark circles
love this eye cream
love the feeling of this cream
the formula was a little shiny
i love the texture of it!
gives my eyes a healthy glow
it leaves them silky smooth
i think an eye cream should be just that: creamy.
it brightens my under eye circles.
love the texture of it
it leaves the skin very shiny
its nice and creamy and feels good on your skin.
it makes my eyes look gorgeous
love this eye cream
gives you a smooth bright look
it is a little on the shiny side
it gives me a dewy look
it felt like velvet
notice glowing skin in the morning
it's silky and absorbs quickly.
it's still the same creamy formula that gets the skin squeaky clean
the dish is great
i also love the little dish it comes with.
the dish is convenient
i just make creamy suds in my h
it feels luxurious to use.
its perfect in its simplicity
this one is gentle
not with the dish
comes in a soap dish
it will satisfy your craving for a fresh face
the soap dish is a nice addition.
improved dish that it comes with
goes on feeling tingly
fresh appearance that i am complemented on
this is a great, gentle everyday cleanser.
it has a light scent that smells very fresh
it has kept my complexion radiant
it never looks shiny
likes the lack of scent.
in a more "manly" packaging
it doesn't have a girly smell.
it has a pleasant smell
is gentle in the eye area
the all about eyes rich cream
its really creamy and easy to apply.
brightness around the eyes
it definitely lightens the dark circles under my eyes
it is rich and creamy.
brightness of the skin under my eyes
it's creamy and does moisturize my eye area.
it does brighten the eye area.
my dark circles look lighter
n the radiance of his skin
it has a refreshing alcohol tingle to it
has beautiful mediterranean skin
it has a lot of creamy foam
very gentle and leaves your face squeaky clean !
it feels so creamy and smooth and then it foams.
this face wash has a creamy texture
literally a dot of product gives you a full face of lush foam
i love this cleaner
it feels like velvet on my skin
i love how foamy
the creamy cleanser lathers really well
i got a pale pink bottle instead of white
cause it has made my face glow!
i loved the youthful feel
is gentle on my skin
i like the texture
leaves me a refreshing feeling
the creamy texture is nice to apply
light foaming formula with light- to no scent at all
for bright clean skin, i turn to this.
really thick long lasting sun screen
yet it still has a creamy texture!
i love this cleanser as it is very creamy
it has a pleasant scent
my philosophy one in the morning for a gentle wash
it is so gentle
its very creamy and foamy.
it smells like soap
this a refreshing eye cream that is lightweight
it brightens the dark circles under my eyes
i think my skin looks more luminous.
the "riche" all about eyes is recommended
this really fades dark circles
the consistency is just divine.
the mild brightness is fine
this eye cream makes my under eyes look youthful
it's definitely a treat and is very luxurious!
love it, the texture is silky and nice to apply.
this cream is like silk
no weird smells and a smooth texture.
makeup always looks cakey
it has more richness
feels luxurious to the eye area
i love the texture of this eyecream
it's really moisturizing at the same time without any pearly pinkish texture or greasy feeling
my dark bags are definitely less purple
it makes your eye area silky silky smooth
it makes my eye area feel silky smooth
upscale creams like benefit's it's potent
it's a very light moisturizer with a subtle scent
luxurious feel, non greasy.
a 'manly' lotion that does the job without smelling like a bouquet
the texture is light
finds it to be soothing
the scent is light
-not perfume-y just a nice light sent!
he loves that they get the job done without feeling feminine or heavenly scented
it also adds a healthy glow
it is not sticky but rather silky smooth.
keeps my face shine-less
gives me the best radiant glow without the oil slick
my skin looks brighter
so much more radiant
super gentle no complaints here
it just smells so refreshing
dries to a nice semi matte finish
glowy without looking greasy
love the fact that this leaves me glowing without being greasy
i would love it if it had a light fresh scent.
this absorbs beautifully into the skin
it's perfect for oily skin.
it smells exactly like the flower
i love all of the fresh rose products.
this mask is wonderfully soothing
look of the mask is a little funky
the scent is lovely
leave me with a beautiful texture
it does have a strong floral aroma
it's made with roses
it leaves my face feeling soft and radiant.
the fragrance is divine
like giving my skin a dozen pastel roses
this mask is so lovely
this mask soothes that along with smelling amazing
fresh as the br
smells like real roses
since roses are in this mask
this mask is lovely.
the rose petal scent is very nice.
i love the scent
it made my face glow after!
the rose scent is not overpowering for me.
plus i love that it has the real rose petals in there
i love the fact that there are real rose petals inside the product
this mask is so refreshing
tones my skin beautifully
the smell is so pure!
super light gel that smells almost like candy.
not to mention the fabulous rose scent
it's smooth and even toned.
my skin looks plumped
tone my dark spots
it also give sky skin such a beautiful glow!
if you don't like florally smells
my skin looks flawless
the smell is weird
on top of that made my skin petal soft
refreshing textures are perfect for all skin types
your skin will maintain a natural glow for hours
have a floral fragrance that is to die for
the rose face mask is so lovely and refreshing.
the gentle, natural rosy scent is very calming.
this mask is the most luxurious
fragrant thing i have ever put on my face
it has pieces of rose petal in it
smells like a rose garden
does not have an overpowering perfume-y scent
the little rose petals are a great touch
if you like the smell of roses
toned when i use it
the gel texture and rose is calming.
i love the smell of roses
when i put this on my skin it smells like relish
it keeps my skin glowing
the fragrance is beautiful
this mask is soothing
the smell is very rosey
reminds me of tea and oriental medicine.
makes my skin appear way more lively
it's an odd color
i am obsessed with anything rose scented/themed
the rose aroma is wonderful though.
this mask is so good and smells heavenly!
like all fresh products
it's light, refreshing and lasts all day.
i love the fresh smell
in fact i love the smell of all the lancome skin products
they make me feel elegant
i love the texture of it—it glides over skin
while i find this scent pleasant
make your skin feel so silky.
makeup applies beautifully over it
it also has a light fragrance
makes my face shiny by midday
wonderful sun protection without the greasy feeling some spf can have
the fragrance is light
once i blend it in
it smells a little like an old lady
or alternately perfumed version
my fine lines are plumper
i love that it turns into a milky texture when you add water
no greasy feeling and ample sun protection.
high spf, not sticky, smells nice.
has a heavy floral scent that i do like
it also leaves my skin feeling silky smooth all day
the bonus is the sun screen.
leaving my face feeling radiant
this spf moistrizer really helps keep skin from sun damage while giving that beautiful glow to your face
this product is gentle
his skin looks radiant again.
because of the manly packaging
instantly brightens your complexion
it's gentle on my eyes
first of all, i like the purple container.
is very gentle to use for eyeliner
it was gentle on my skin
what wizardry is this?!
really gentle in the eye area
there is a very faint scent
it's not an added perfume-y scent
it feels likes silk on my face
this eye cream feels velvety
i still have my decadent fca at night ;)
which was creamy as other reviews stated
you may be able to skip them because the eye cream has a luminous finish
brightens your undereye a bit
i think it has improved the fullness of the skin
i really love how this eye cream instantly brightens the dark circles underneath my eyes
has a slight citrus fragrance
it glides on nicely
i like the texture
as for the brightening
love this eye cream.
i love how it brightens under my eyes
it leaves a slight dewy shimmer
puffy cream with slight "refreshing" character
this eye cream is a bit pricey
it makes my eyes look brighter
it's strangely fun to use
it almost gives a crackling feeling when the foam contacts your skin
this gentle cleanser smells heavenly
caudalie's instant foaming cleanser has pleasantly surprised me
this is my everyday gentle cleaner.
the foam is fluffy
has no harsh chemical smell
it leaves my skin feeling lovely
the scent is pleasant enough
the pleasant smell is a plus.
it was so divine on the skin
smells nice too, and it is a nice luxurious foam.
it is light and has a light smell.
it's so gentle and soothing!
fresh floral-herbal scent
it hydrates my dry skin and gives it a nice glow.
it is very gentle and cleans makeup effortlessly.
it smells so fresh too.
it's a gentle cleanser with beautiful smell
it is a delight to use (i use it in the shower).
i love the smell too, classic caudalie scent.
it's been helping with my oiliness
it is a gentle foam that doesn't tingle or sting
i love this as a gentle cleanser.
very gentle cleanser with a nice smell.
the scent is fresh
not at all perfumey
this one is silky smooth
thank you caudalie for creating this divine cleanser
this is a wonderful and gentle cleanser.
this is so gentle.
good smell, very gentle.
gentle and it could clean my face perfect.
i love how light yet foamy this cleanser is.
it has a light scent that i love.
this is so gentle
has a nice light scent
this is a great cleanser -- gentle
beautiful-smelling products that work
plus its lovely melon scent
it's gentle yet cleansing
my skin looks matte
how gentle it is on my skin
has a nice subtle cucumber/fresh scent.
i can't use things with any sort of perfumed scent
natural ingredients such as plant or flower extracts
the smell is mild
it cleared my skin so beautifully
gentle on your skin
i love how gentle this is
makes your skin glow after wash
your skin feels silky smooth after
i love the light menthol tingle it gives.
i personally like the creamy rather than the soapy texture of it
blurs my pores beautifully
so gentle on my screen
it blurs your pores beautifully
i still think it's the best primer out there for fair to light tan skin tones
it leaves face matt
makes my face matte
i do live in a tropical/humid environment
it left an orange tint that made my foundation look darker :
glides on like silk
a boon for us gals with oilier skin
glow to see me through the day
my makeup looks so beautiful
glowing without the oily shine
glistening from all the unacceptable
it glides on with a little tint that vanishes quickly
it starts to feel like velvet
would definitely recommend to anyone wanting to hide pores for a smooth silky finish
creates a beautiful surface for your foundation
i normally use the tarte amazonian clay bb cream or the loreal lumi cushion foundation with the loreal pro matte powder on top of it
it's so luxurious to the touch
feels like satin once on your face
i only need a really light touch up with a translucent powder
this primer is tinted
if i am a little shiny
the shine is gone
velvet feel on the skin
it feels sooo luxurious
it smells like chemicals though
also not a fan of its tint.
has a nice silky finish
beautiful smell of tea tree
this loveliness minimizes pores
velvety way my skin feels
the hint of color is perfect!
my makeup looks flawless!
it has such a soft consistency that it allows for a beautiful makeup application
very light refreshing moisturizer.
it has a matte finish
texture in my skin
my skin is really starting to glow
my skin looks radiant
my face glows now
this would be my favorite because it is very silky
also brightens my face
gentle on my skin
it's lightweight in texture
my face feels like silk!
this cleanser is wonderfully gentle
it's also gentle and has a very light scent.
the fragrance makes it feel luxurious
it is light and perfect to wear under makeup.
has a very light pleasant fragrance
just the smell itself makes you feel luxurious
after discovering this lovely product
i love the scent
it's milky with a nice light scent
i like the gentleness of this product
it smells like a classic woman's fragrance which is ok to me
it is so gentle.
this cleanser is deliciously creamy
its scent is subtle
i am left with clean soft great smelling skin.
it also smells divine.
it also smells divine, i love it!
a little of this delicately scented cleanser removes makeup
it rinses off beautifully
it is a very creamy cleanser that removes all makeup
it smells amazing, like honey and milk!
creamy are the way it's described
very gentle and soothing for irritated skin.
its texture is very milky
it has a nice light scent
it smells like almonds
it smells like an old lady rose perfume
it takes time to brighten my dark spots
"real" smelling rose scent
as the product is based in rose oil it smells like real roses
the fruity kind of subtle rose scent we all love from a rich bouquet or a rose garden
i've noticed my complexion has been much more radiant
distinctly old-lady floral smell
my face looks radiant
it hydrates and keeps your skin bright all day.
the light rose smell is wonderful.
radiant than in years
glowy when i use this
gives me glow and smoothness at well!
i definitely notice the luminescence of my face!
i adore the scent and it is not artificial!
my skin looks bright
plump in the morning
tacky when first applied
this really brightens the skin
the smell is pleasant
brightening cream in the day
the wild rose sleeping facial at night so using this serum enhances the golden glow on my face that i frequently get complimented on from men
the smell is intoxicating.
that's a wonderful scent to doze off to
my skin is beautiful in the morning
my skin looks brighter
honey my skin looks
you can't beat the rose fragrance
within two weeks my face was so radiant
the scent is divine
the satiny feel is pleasant for fingers
it gives it a radiant glow!
this is a gentle delightful smooth serum that smells subtly of real roses
my skin looks brighter
the rose scent is faint
really brightens skin tone
evenness of my skin tone
my skin is more even and bright.
the texture and scent is fine too.
the scent is delicate
my skin looks bright even without makeup
the rose scent is heavenly.
my skin looks brighter
it leaves you with a fresh healthy feeling/glow
it does add radiance
my makeup looks flawless
the smell is great and calming.
dewy all the time 24/7
it smells delicious and it works for me.
the smell is amazing- very calming.
my skin is so silky
my skin is glowing
although the drydown is subtle
the glow is youthful but not shiny.
the scent is heavenly.
i don't get shiny
this cream has a texture
fragrance that i love
this does have an almost smoky fragrance
i cherish this cream
it has a pleasant but light scent.
my skin has gotten clearer along with the help of glam glow super mud face wash
it makes my skin really glow
the scent is light
i've looked everywhere for something that will give me that creamy feeling without feeling too oily
this moisturizer is wonderfully thick
it has great sun protection
makes my skin feel like silk
love the scent too, very pleasant.
it has a nice, light and clean scent.
it is very creamy, without being too thick.
for now it's a lovely fall/winter moisturizer
my skin tone is dark
what i loved: the richness of the cream
perfect combo for beautiful skin
not too thick & not too fragrant!
the scent is very light but lovely.
once dry, it smells delightful!
it also gives my skin a glow.
protects my pale skin against the sun
this moisturizer is the perfect texture
which is a milky cleaner
i can feel a pleasant tingly feeling when i place on the lancome cream
its the only thing that makes my skin look glow
the texture of this is strange
it goes on silky
it has a silky light feel
i love the texture
i could tell after 3 uses i had a "glow" to my skin
it feels and smells like a garden
the cream smells really lovely.
this feels like a pillow from heaven on my skin.
leaving your face feeling petal soft
my makeup wears beautifully with no break down
i feel very luxurious using this cream!
it is gorgeously velvety
it also has a soft pleasant scent.
not quite as creamy
this is creamy without being thick
it goes on beautifully.
it is a luxurious cream.
has a nice subtle fragrance
the smell is inoffensive
the texture is perfect
this is a light scented cream
i liked this skin cream
it's got a lush creamy texture
this cream made my skin feel silky smooth
the smell is fresh
it has a healthy glow
i love the smell of this cream it is very light
gives me a youthful glow
except that i've recently received many compliments on my "gorgeous" skin
made it look more "luminous"
my friend has radiant beautiful skin
the elixir ancien is extremely gentle
together with fresh black tea moisturizer
wow my face is dewy
i've noticed improvements in my skin since i started using the fresh elixir ancien
it leaves your skin with a soothing
i love the milky feel.
it doesn't feel oily at all - very silky smooth.
my skin is glowing
very subtle scent, light, lotion-y consistency.
it works like a charm
makes my face glow
leaves face clean but soft and with a glow.
i also love the pretty violet bottle
milky moisturizer with a creamy texture
smells like an elderly lady scent
i love the texture
my skin actually glows,
this line was so gentle i love it
this doesn't leave a white tint or shine like other moisturizers that contain spf
mild scent that disappears.
my face isn't super shiny
has a really pleasant smell
makes my skin feel silky
i love it's creamy texture
this is a luxurious fluid
it has a light feminine scent to it
it feels lovely on my skin
easy to use- light and the fragrance pleasant.
it has a very luxurious feel to it.
the smell is pleasant but subtle.
her skin looks more fresh
bright after using this
my skin looks fuller
the texture is really lovely
almost like a whipped fluffy kind of cream
the texture is creamy
the smell might be too fragrant for some people.
it plumps skin and makes skin glow.
at the lovely age of 27
a little floral for me which is why i took out a star
it smells kind of like roses
the cream smelled so fragrant--
this product makes my skin look so radiant.
perfumey, but not overpowering.
first, the bottle is so beautiful to look at.
the slight smell is nothing cheap like that of the strong scented lancome products
i find the subtle scent soooooo relaxing
leaves my skin like silk
i love the scent too.
the soft scent is lovely
it is lightly scented
i love waking up to glowing
i love the creaminess of the product
i've received compliments on how beautiful my skin is
love this night cream
it feels light to the touch
it's silky and very light, not heavy.
makes it look glowing
it smells amazing and feels so creamy on my face.
it's very rich and luxurious.
i love the soft fragrance and creamy texture.
a bit heavy /creamy for summer
this cream handles both beautifully.
this product is so lush
looks fresh in the am
please with the lightness
this night cream will definitely brighten your complexion
this night cream makes my face looks radiant
this moisturizer is the creamiest
luxurious night cream i have ever used
it has such a creamy texture
it also has a beautiful fragrance
i smothered this creme on my face because i loved smell of this creme
it made my skin silky smooth
love the smell of it
it absorbs better than the white lucent cream.
my skin is youthful looking
creamy for my dry skin
makes my skin beautiful
retains moisture because of it's slightly tacky texture
its thick and creamy, smells great too.
this cream is lovely to use as a night creme if you have dry skin
i wake to seriously supple gorgeous skin.
leaves me with a nice glow
skin is more plump with a natural glow
i love everything about this lotion except for the fragrance-- the fragrance is lovely it is just that i think it is healthier for the skin to use fragrance free
and leaves a very nice glow.
it has a kind of watery consistency
my skin's texture and tone is healthier.
it has a more youthful inner "glow" without that fake light-diffusing sheen or the plasticky mask of some products
it has a pleasant smell
the scent is pleasant
it feels like silk when i apply it
it also has a pleasant scent to it.
the scent is still pleasing
i wake up with a healthy glow
the glow stays with me through the night
i love the glow it gives my skin
i get a nice dewy look
lightweight with a nice scent
my skin glows after i use it
very clean and fresh fragrance.
this eye cream makes the skin look fresh
creamy so a little goes a long way
eye concealer glides right over to give a perfect finish
i do the same thing with the shiseido white lucent eye cream during the day
i feel so luxurious wearing it!
perfect for that skin that looks like crepe paper
i enjoy the luxe treat before turning in at night
the eye cream feels lux
the eyes are the tell tale
this is a very rich cream with a pleasant fragrance
the texture is so thick but very easy to blend.
it's a bit heavy for daywear.
highlights cheekbones awesome brightening effects
this is a wonderful eye cream for nighttime use.
creamy texture really targets the lines
creamy you only need a tiny bit
i love how rich and creamy this feels on my skin.
.what crows feet?nice fragrance
i love the fresh scent
adding some radiance to the skin
this makes my eye area so bright and smooth.
love the texture and the smell.
this beauty brightens my under eye skin
it is still creamy in the morning
it's like a tall drink of water for my eyes
in the morning after using these my skin looks radiant
the packaging is beautiful
the fragrance is delicate
swear by the pureness line by shiseido
the cleansing sheet smelled so refreshing as what the br
smells great no oily film afterwards.
apply all those lovely
nice fragrance, lovely product.
these sheets are silky smooth
i got some of these pureness refreshing cleansing sheets in the fun in the sun kit
they have a pleasant fragrance
feels refreshing and no alcoho smell.
this is gentle on my skin
it smells super fresh
s gentle on my skin
your sparkling clean face will love you
gentle on your skin
the fragrance is light
leaves no greasy film creamy mess
the pureness sheets are everything
lasts beautifully throughout the day
no shine for me
this gives my skin a matte texture
the formula is feather light.
as a plus it has a faint fragrance.
it's perfect for combi/oily skin.
very nice & calming scent.
it's very light in texture
the texture is amazing and soothing.
it has a very faint fresh scent which is also nice because most moisturizers tend to have a sweet
my cheeks are shining
thanks to the pureness moisturizer
making my foundation stay beautiful
i love the feeling of the texture
finish off with a light mist of model in a bottle makeup setting spray
i wanted to look less shiny
i also like the fresh smell of it.
also makes your face less shiny
it was great for making my skin look radiant
it is lightweight and smells luxurious.
not to mention that the bottle is gorgeous
it moisturizes without leaving shine
the scent is pleasant
the opposite i like very watery moisturizer.
a nice light gel-cream for the summer
this does leave a dewy sheen so people who prefer matte finishes should stay away from this cream
a dewy finish might make your face glow more than you're used to
it gives a dewy look
it has a light texture
hydrates with a nice glow- no greasiness
absorbs quickly, leaves your skin silky smooth.
this moisturizer has a really nice light scent
it smells amazingly clean and fresh.
pureness line really works for oil skins
i absolutely love shiseido's lucent brightening gel-cream
and i wake up with petal-soft skin.
i like the texture
this is the perfect moisturizer for the hot
followed by the shisedo pureness moisturier
not creamy at all which is good for my acne-prone skin
leaves face a little bit tingly
it's not heavily perfumed
love it for the summer 0 keeps my skin lush
this shiseido cream is so light
i love the way it smells.
but every morning my face looks radiant!
love the glow it gives my face in the mornings!
all of shiseido's products have a subtle fragrance that's really calming
delicate texture and smooth cream.
this moisturizer help to give a very lively finish
i love the feel and scent of this product.
i love the texture of this rich moisturizer.
love the richness of this cream.
smells mature which is fine.
it has made my skin more vibrant
the fragrance is heavenly
the jar is surrounded by extravagant decoration which is not necessary
it is a joy to use
this cream is a dream.
also made it silky smooth with each application
the smell is a bit old lady-ish
this cream feels very light and airy.
the texture is like velvet
luminosity of my skin was improved--like a little mini glow
my skin looks radiant
it also has a fresh clean scent that is not overpowering
it has more of a glow
the texture is luxurious
a beautiful cream that leaves my skin silky smooth
fabulous moisturizer, that makes my skin glow.
this cream is so luxurious in texture
this cream works beautifully.
my skin looked like it glowed
the scent is a bit soothing
thought about this classic cream from shiseido
the cream is well textured with a soothing scent
her skin glowed and looked hydrated.
it has a nice light fragrance
i started using this product overnight to give me that wonderfully glowy
has a pleasant scent too
the texture of this cream is lightweight
this cream is rich, hydrating, and luxurious.
i love this cream, the texture is amazing.
it has a light scent that isn't overpowering
it still goes on beautifully
it also has a pleasant light scent.
it goes on silky and absorbs quickly.
it adds a lovely glow to my skin.
it makes me look forward to my morning/night beauty routine because the product glides on the skin effortlessly
to the touch its very silky
brightens your face instantly
my face has never been this radiant!
my face looks brighter and healthier.
this cream makes my complexion even
looks like she's in her 30's
this cream has transformed my skin
i used the white lucent line for about two years.
it doesn't make me look ghostly white
i love the creamy feeling on my face.
it also makes my face more smooth and bright.
my skin is radiant
i love the dewy glow it has given my dull
it istantly brightened that spot with reflective radiant light
it "brightened" my complexion not "whitened" this is what people need to underst
the luxurious cream really absorbs into the skin without feeling greesy at all
it has a fresh smell
it does brighten my skin
i'd say leaves a healthy glow
it is very creamy and gentle on the skin.
it's feels so creamy and rich!
my skin is so radiant
i will be purchasing more of the white lucent line
it's best to use the entire white lucent line together
the cream turns into a luxurious foam with a great smell
it creates this big luxurious light foam
it will brighten your skin
my skin is glowing
shiseido white lucent brightening line gives you an even skin color
it leaves my skin looking bright
this combination makes my skin so bright
the white lucent brightening cleansing foam is one of the best
makes my skin radiant
perfect for oily/combo skin.
it goes great with the other products in the white lucent line
my skin feels fresh and glows wth health.
light floraly scent just like the rest of their lucent line
feels wonderfully refreshing to use.
my skin looks brighter after using
smells pleasant as well.
refreshing after using it
mpressed with the white lucent products from shiseido
it doesn't have a strong fragrance
though it foams beautifully
it just brightens my skin
i received a sample using 100 rewards points of this the shiseido "white lucent brightening cleansing foam"
my skins looks nice and bright, not at all dull.
leaves me feeling luxuriously clean!
very gentle, mild scent.
it is super foamy
natural dark skin colouring to a very pale complextion
might as well have glowing pale skin
it has a lovely scent
it leaves a rather flattering light glow on your skin afterwards
smell is very lovely
i also received compliments on how bright my skin looked
the light smell gives the relaxing moment
i also like the like fragrance.
loved the way it lightened my brown spots!
your skin will glow after using this product!
this cleanser is dreamy
nice creamy foam without leaving any residue behind
i love the shideido white lucent line
it keeps my skin looking bright, but not shiny.
has an illuminating effect which gives me a nice dewy glow
love the texture of this.
it goes on super white
perfect for combination to oily though
i love the silky smooth texture
it gives my skin a beautiful 'glowy' complexion
if you're looking to brighten skin
it's better than clarins bright lotion
it brightened my skin tone instantly.
it brightens my complexion
i love the whole white lucent line
it really brightens/lightens my complexion
it makes my skin look dewy and bright.
this product makes your face shine
my face is shinning
it actually brightens her face
a luminous glow to my skin after only 2 weeks of regular use
bright complexion throughout the day
like all the other shiseido white lucent products i think it works best when used with shiseido's cleanser
first of all the scent is so lovely
the cream itself is a dream
this feels like silk on my skin.
it has a light scent that isnt disturbing
i normally use the white lucent lotion
my face is brighter and more radiant.
gives the skin a nice glow
a white lucent spf 15 cream day
it definitely makes my skin glow
make my face appear more radiant
i love their white lucent line of products.
the color of my face is brighter than the color of my every day foundation
it is so creamy, but it's good for winter.
my skin looks radiant.
my skin has a pinkish glow that always looks radiant
my face is brighter and it seems to glow.
creamy that you really shouldnt use more than a pea size amount
there is a fresh scent that is very light
it doesnt have a weird chemical smell
i wake up to bright, glowy supple skin.
my skin looks dewy
the whole shiseido white lucent line has nice packaging
i am pretty happy with the white lucent moisturizer
this cream is rich in texture
stuff that's heavily creamy
leaves your face looking dewy
it is also scented
skin feels like silk
the smell is subtle
the texture is a rich
good creamy texture that absorbs quickly for make up application
has layered great for me with concealer
my eyes feel silky and look very smooth.
i also love the jar - it's very sleek.
not super-scented like a drugstore version
i love the texture
gentle on the delicate eye area
perfect for dark eyes
love the texture of this eye cream.
this eye treatment is a great eye brightening cream
i am very pale and my face came to life.
no strange or strong scents.
it feels so luxurious
my dark circle look lighter
i love natural products
which is awesome since i tend to have rosy cheeks
which is fine for a gentle cleanser
i glow after i use it
this cleanser is not overly fragrant.
i like the texture
i liked the rosewater one better
it brightens my skin
makes it look more radiant
it's got a strong scent
my face feels beautiful and fresh when i'm done.
the smell is a bit odd to me
it's perfumey and pretty strong.
it smells a bit funny
it smells clean and much like a spa!
leaves a crisp light clean feeling
it has to be gentle
the face cream smells good
it cleans beautifully without irritating by skin.
the texture is a bit like gelatin
there is a subtle fragrance to it
all ren products feel fresh
is a wonderful product doe not strip the skin
it smells a little strange
has a wonderful light clean scent.
no heavy fragrance smell.
it smells super soothing
calming for my skin
the scent is pleasant
leaves it feeling fresh
love the texture and softness of this face wash
i love the gentle smell of this stuff
only smooth, even toned, pretty pale face.
this is so soothing
the smell is amazing and it is very gentle.
this really is gentle
makes my skin look radiant when i wake up in the morning
the formula is lovely
love the silliness of it, gentle smell
isn't too sensitive to creamy washes
it is very milky and creamy.
it is not foamy or frothy, which i like.
it's truly gentle, calming and wonderful.
using it was a lovely experience.
this one is whipped and fluffy.
great herbal scent that quickly fades
this cleanser is super gentle
smelled a little weird to me.
this is the gentlest product i know.
this cleanser works beautifully on my face
love the scent as well
i needed something more creamy
perfect creamy face wash for sensitive combination skin
not a pleasant combo for the fair skinned beauty.
its not heavy or too creamy for her
it's a very creamy cleanser that removes all my make up
the smell is divine
i like the texture
it is cooling, and soothing.
this feels cool and refreshing.
perhaps the lotus eye cream?
soothing for your peepers
revealing the blood vessels which makes them seem purple-ish
it is wonderfully refreshing
it's a nice soothing gel
has a light pleasant smell
leaves your eye area with a radiant glow
it has a pleasant almost spa like smell.
this cleanser feels so luxurious!
this has a strong "incense" smell
while i'm not a huge fan of the slightly botanical scent
it has a beautiful botanical odor
loving the natural scent of frankincense
leaves my skin fresh
radiance in the morning
it is a light creamy lotion
the fragrance is wonderful and clean.
the scent is relaxing
i wake up with my skin feeling silky smooth.
if you don't mind a very earthy pine leafy light incense kind of smell
my skin is gorgeous in the morning!
it gives me a natural glow
my skin is smoother and more radiant.
bliss' night cream actually made my skin glow in the morning
love the scent too!
purely excellent without the cheesy perfumery scent
a lovely cream for overnight.
it has a light texture
it's wonderfully organic to with a wonderful herbal scent
the ren night cream smells divine
leaves my skin smooth as silk
gave me beautiful glow after omega serum every night
the odor smell like a light tree sap
feels like a creamy dream going on
it has a very exotic
i love the scent on this.
looks radiant in the morning
love ren's frankincense night cream
the smell is heaven
this night cream is rich
my skin is not easy to get glow
lovely feel, herbal scent, absorbs very.quickly.
i love ren's frankincense revitalising night cream
the frankincense fragrance gives it an exotic feel
it has a creamy rich texture
my skin is glowing
frankincense scent is unusual
the frankincense is a welcome addition because it goes some way towards masking the fish scent
this leaves my skin super soft and radiant.
this one smells beautiful
it feels luxurious but not heavy which i love.
the product smells a little funny
its making my face glow
i like the smell alot too it smells of spice.
its creamy and goes on smoothly.
to me it smelled like a pepper shaker.
this ren product smells good and is gentle.
smells like a forest to me
it smells sort of woody
leaves your skin feeling beautiful
i love the fact that they seal in their products for freshness
sort of musty at first
smooth, creamy, and doesn't make me break out!
it does have weird scent at first
i love the smell, very rich and unique.
it smells outdoorsy, fresh.
love this night cream.
skin looks radiant and healthy in the morning.
i love everything about this cream: its exotic scent
this cream is rich
this night cream has a silky
best of all is the refreshingly light fragrance.
i notice my skin glows with radience now
the scent is odd yet i love it
my skin is smooth and bright in the morning.
irritated now my face looks creamy
love that it's natural
find it scented lightly
also, it has a soft lavender scent.
it goes on so smooth and creamy.
the only thing is the smell- i find it pleasant
i initially bought the glam glow mask because of all the hype around the product
ren far surpasses glam glow in my opinion.
it smells so fresh and clean.
the consistency is quite clumpy
when i use it at night i look bright
soothing as it goes on
glowy after using it
when on the face, it is very soothing like mint.
the green tint also seems to help calm redness
so does the tranquility cream
it has a slight mildewy scent
my skin is brighter
a half my skin was beautiful
my face was so freshly polished
i love glam glow
bha works beautifully because it cleans the surface level
it is a creamy cleanser
i love the creamy consistence
it is super gentle
makeup doesn't come on as nicely with textured skin
my skin is gorgeous
it works wonderfully in conjunction with the aint misbehavin cleanser
gentle exfoliator -- gentle enough to use everyday
the smell is pleasant and refreshing.
my skin cleared up beautifully
i love the fact that this is so gentle on the skin
literally my fave looked like a strawberry
gentle on my skin, yet amazing.
i like that it is has a light scent.
it's a gentle exfoliation since the gritty bits are so tiny
made it so bright
effective in that its "beady" texture nicely exfoliates the skin
is a fantastic way to gently cleanse
the scent isn't unpleasant
it went on wonderfully
great exfoliation but gentle of every day.
this is not a creamy-texture with some large-ish exfoliating balls sprinkled throughout
i love that it is gentle to use every day
leaves it feeling fresh
my first wash: noticed a glow
it feels similar to the laura mercier flawless skin face polish
new users may be a bit surprised that it's not thicker/creamier
leaves my skin feeling refreshing
i do anything for glow
evening my skin tone
it leaves skin bright
makes my skin brighter
this was gentle, and amazing.
instantly brightens your complexion
goes on like satin
because my skin is instantly transformed into a radiant
left my skin tacky or powdery looking
it's very silky to the touch
my skin just glows
this feels lovely on the skin.
it has a more silky feel
you glow after use and it works wonders!
my skin looks radiant
when i use this product at night i always have radiant skin the next morning
with an almost gel like texture
it seems to be missing the luxurious factor
i like the texture
the dewy feeling it leaves
as i don't like that "no scent" scent
this is a lovely moisturizer.
nothing makes my skin more radiant
it is very creamy
this night cream is light
radiant in the morning
it does give my skin a nice glow
it makes my skin radiant
glowing without that greasy
this moisturizer has helped the "glow" reappear in my skin after a long time
gives me a fresh look
i love the way it smells
it goes on so creamy
leaves my skin a bit dewy which works out nice when applying makeup afterword
gives you a healthy sheen
my skin looks fresh
plump in the am
it kind of smells like pepermint
a very luxurious facial lotion that is instantly soothing
in the light blue jar
my sun spots are fading
this un-wrinkle eye has a splendid effect.
even more seductive with my younger-looking eyes
softens the skin beautifully
it gave my face a wonderful glow
un-wrinle eye is a soothing
it goes on beautifully
it also has a cucumber smell
i love the fresh cucumber smell.
for me it looks flawless under my foundation when applied with a beauty blender
the texture is decadent
almost silky to rub in
the smell is refreshing to me.
the smell is fresh like cucumber/rice in my opinion
tea tree oil works for me
i love fresh products
love the eye cream!
it gave my skin a nice healthy glow
not to mention this lotion smells so good with the cucumber scent
light, fresh, and very soothing.
i like the signature cucumber smell of fresh products so the scent is appealing to me
i like the scent
the packaging is cute
my skin looks flawless
followed by the rose marigold mist
fresh with no harsh chemical smell or feel
seems to add a fresh feeling
i love the cucumber scent, and the texture.
the soy is very light fresh clean natural smelling
it's light weight and fresh smelling.
have a little strong cucumber smell
the smell is so fresh
a nice change from soy
i noticed smoother looking skin that look radiant
i wake up with the most beautiful skin
so loft & has a nice glow.
creamy lancôme perfection onto my face
very hydrating and the scent is lovely as well.
not quite the holly grail.
it also has a beautiful, mild scent.
smells very clean and feminine.
the cream is very fragrant which may deter some people
in the morning my skin is shining
has a nice light floral scent
this cream smoothes my combination skin- leaving it hydrated with a luminous glow
love this night cream!!
not to mention with a glow
it has a nice light scent.
i love the scent
it is perfectly rich
i like the mild fragrance
gives me brighter skin by morning
now my skin is beautiful again
there's no strong scent associated
i love its formula with foamfeel gentle
it wasn't crystal clear as usual
i love everything from the foamy texture to the clean smell
it has a good creamy foam
his face comes out very bright
find this cleanser to be the perfect combination of gentle
was gentle on the skin
my skin is glowing like never before
after one wash i notice my skin glows.
it leaves it feeling fresh
it has a strong lychee like scent which i love!
it leaves a very nice and silky feel on the skin.
it goes on very creamy
was do pleasantly surprised when it was a gel/lotion combo instead
the texture is smooth
this product does what it says and its gentle.
my skin is brighter
by the way, it smells weird.
it does have a bit of a tingly/burning sensation
my face is still pale
have a nice light scent
i am a deep caramel skin tone
my skin looks brighter
brightens the skin too!!
the scent is very pleasant
with mainly the darkest tone being "olive"
leave a nice glowing matte finish as well
he loves the astringent after-feel
his skin was vibrant
i love the mint fragrance
easier to use, the perfect astringent!
first reaction after opening the packaging: the scent is sooo refreshing
it still has the witch hazel which is great
body lotion- it smells fresh with a citrus kick
have beautiful skin without a lot of chemicals
my skin has that amazing glow that it didn't have before
the texture is perfect, rich but not to thick.
in the morning my skin just looks bright
it makes me feel beautiful!
my skin is glowing and smooth and brighter.
glowing in the morning
radiant the day after i use this
masks that promise an instant glow
i want a glow too
love this cream and this brand!
nice formulation that leaves your face feeling like velvet in the morning
has all the right ingredients to brighten
it has this subtle scent of fresh grapes
my skin looks much more radiant
you wake up with a healthier glow.
my face is glowing
it goes so wonderfully with the radiance serum.
it's creamy without being greasy
beautiful glowing skin is worth the investment
it is a nice thick cream for the night
more radiant the next morning
it radiates all day long
my skin is more radiant than i can ever remember it feeling in winter
wake up with radiant skin
it had a really nice glow
the smell is intoxicating- fresh
earthy tones that relax you
it is creamy, but isn't too thick.
i wake up to beautiful skin every morning.
it also smells delicious.
while it is focused on giving you a radiant complexion
it does lighten sun spots
glowing skin that i get tons of complements on
the fragrance is lovely
love the smooth creamy consistency
radiant in the morning
its more yellow in color
you will wake up with a nice glow
love the texture when it is applied
the texture is rich yet light
the mega rich has ahas
the cleanser is gentle
however this soap is gentle
the smell is very faint
it has a weird after texture
comes with a cute soap dish
my face is beautiful
anyway, the smell was calming to me.
i like that it has no scent
cleans without strong scent.
a pleasant smell that doesn't last long
the container/soap dish it comes in is high quality
also the scent is just refreshing
the first product that i tried was the fabulous foaming body wash by bliss spa
plus i know its gentle on my skin
is gentle on my skin
this is so gentle
my fav glam glow mask
leaves your skin fresh
i also use the clear complexion tonic
to help brighten her complexion
i love the texture
the smell isn't to powerful
it's truly a hidden gem at sephora.
it smells good, no over powering scent.
i love this cleaner.
leaves it feeling fresh
it's gentle on my skin
it feels super silky
scents in my products
this one has a very very light floral/fruity scent that i love
my skin looks sooooo bright after cleansing
it foams up wonderfully
odorless- this is a gentle
i appreciate it's lack of a pungently medicinal odor that many acne washes tend to have
needed something that was gentle
it has really transformed my oily skin into beautiful
no downside, just clear beautiful skin.
the different colored tone pigments were also gone
i feel that for breakouts the willow bark is the best
not sure what the botanical blast is
as in the case of boscia's clear complexion treatment with botanical blast
of course a lovely collection of blackheads on my nose
i love the texture of it
i am almost out of the clear complexion tonic
my skin tone is more even, and radiant.
i've ended up loving it though--it's very gentle
it is so calming and lovely on my skin.
has a soothing milky texture
just calming cleansing magic.
it's a perfect soothing cleanser
cheeks get bright red
after i wash my face almost always look bright red
this is a super gentle cleanser
it is very soothing and calming to my skin.
this is a creamy cleanser
this product is creamy and soothing.
my cheeks would get bright red from heat
it comes with the soothing clenser
it has a nice, fresh scent too.
my skin is clear and smooth as silk.
in my hunt for rosacea friendly products
i get red from sun
would run this into my bright red hot cheeks
it gives my skin a health glow
there is a slight green tint to the lotion that fades into my skin tone quickly
creamy yet calming covering
she noticed i have red undertones.
it is tinted green
it's already calming it
have been mixing this with a bit of nars illuminator for a great glow
it goes on smooth and silky.
is soothing to the skin
complimented me on my complexion
my face felt firmer and silkier instantly!
the nutriperfect day cream gives my skin a beautiful glow
the cream is dense
this night cream to her is a holy grail
it works great, and smells delicious!
blonde with green eyes
get compliments on our beautiful complexions
this cream made my skin look plump and dewy.
gentle enough for a newbie
it does smell a little bit like orange flintstone's vitamins
really does make your skin radiant
my skin literally glows
my skin glows after.
my skin was dull
plasticky and herbal at the same time.
instant results, yields glowing, dewy skin!
it looks instantly refreshed
leaves my skin looking radiant
also love the smell
it smells like fruit juice which i like
the smell was overpowering
it does have a distinct scent
bright like i was 10 year younger
i love the texture
it makes my skin glow like no other mask i've seen before
my skin was radiant
kind of sticky it makes your face glow
when i say glow
i mean glow like no need for face make up glow
this mask really does make your skin glow with a smooth radiance
my skin looked fresh
the smell is really kinda like sweet tangerine c
this mask is a luscious treat.
exfoliants with grit or texture so this product is perfect for me
the scent is less than delightful though.
glowing thanks to this mask
it really does brighten my dull aging skin
alternate ren with glam glow or a more drying charcoal mask
dull skin actually look beautiful
results are brighter and glowing skin.
it doesnt irritate my skin or dry it out like glam glow
makes my skin glow
every time i use this, my skin glows.
more radiant when using it twice a week
bright my skin even just first use
my skin is so soft and shiny it feels so surreal.
love how my makeup looks smooth and flawless.
the citrus smell is very pleasant.
the mask has a fresh scent
is translucent orange in color
it had a subtle glow
it gives me an instant glow
the feel of this product is very luxurious yet gentle
the puree mask has a tropical smell to it
it left my skin glowing
not only does it do a beautiful job refining my facial skin
radiant days after using this
people compliment me on my glowing skin.
this is a lovely mask.
but the result was beautiful.
this is a beauty staple for me
a glass of wine in h
she said my skin was radiant
this mask has subtle and gentle effects.
women of color believe me when i say that this product is a must for even radiant skin devoid of hyperpigmentation
my complexion is brighter
definitely brightens overall skin beautifully
my skin looks brighter when i use it
my skin looks so much radiant
bright skin every time that i use it
my face feels velvety smooth
my skin is brighter
my complexion is brighter
bright my discolorations seemed to be more blended out
it makes my skin brighter
made it very radiant
the powder leaves my shiseido brightening moisturizer very watery
my dark spots are fading nicely
my skin is bright
my skin looks brighter
i promise you'll see beautiful results
it also leaves glowing
also, my face seems more fresh and brighten.
my skin is glowing
it makes my skin so bright
commented on how radiant
amber-colored glass jar to maintain freshness
had a glow to my skin that appeared brightened
my skin is brighter
it makes my face glow
bright with use of this
it lightens dark spots
i wake up with bright fresh looking skin.
it just seems to add a radiance
it makes my skin look brighter
this c powder has brightened my complexion
makes your skin brighter
i feel that my skin looks more radiant with this product
love how this leaves my skin glowing and fresh!
my skin looks bright
my dark spots look lighter
makes my face glow!
it's kept my skin bright
my eyes look brighter.
isn't super heavily scented although there is a light fragrance
the dark looks less dark
brightens my eyes immediately
love this eye cream.
another benefit is my dark sun spots look lighter too
this cream does wonders for dark circles.
this cream is a dream
perfect for under-eye concealers.
the purple/bluish color around my eyes fades into a very light pink color
it is super creamy and soothing.
origins ginzing refreshing eye cream
then put on an melon based creamy concealer
i recommend their shimmering cream eyeshadow in pale shell
also has a very nice scent and silky feel.
the shiseido cream is definitely a lighter textured cream
my under eyes are moisture and bright.
i love how creamy this eye cream is
the white lucent anit-dark circles eye cream is that good
makes my eyes like more bright
it did brighten my eyes
dark circle cream that works
brightens and moisturizes the eye area.
the scent is also subtle and nice.
it makes a nice smooth canvas
it doesn't feel heavy and has a pleasant scent!
this product is so yummy
my skin literally glows with happiness
was thankful that there was no perfumed aroma permeating out of the opening of the jar
with a sort of coolly refreshing feeling
with a slightly tacky bounce to it
it kind of smells like plastic because it is 100% fragrance free
pleasant smell that doesn't wreak of chemicals
soothing on the skin
it's so lightweight and it smells fresh.
i would prefer the smell over an artificially-scented product
this moisturizer feels clean and silky.
a bit pricey for my taste
has a lovely strong rose smell.
i also love the texture
i love that it's not scented.
live in a tropical country
it made my skin tingle but not unpleasantly.
just leaves skin glowing
i just don't like the weird rose scent
although the smell was lit
my skin is glowing
doesn't have a strong scent
the scent is fine for me
it provides a little bit of a glow that works perfectly under makeup
no overpowering floral scents
this moisturizer gives my skin a glow
gives my face a nice base and glow.
it gives ones face a radiant look
it smells like happiness
it smells lovely like roses
my skin is always radiant
i like the smell
it smells like real roses
it has a beautiful glow
it's smooth finish is comparable to charlotte tillbury's magic cream
the scent is faint rose
my skin looks glowing
the smell is light
the scent is gorgeous
it smells like roses
he noticed how lovely my skin looked
the smell, the light feeling, not greasy.
it is some kind of rosy smell
amazing rose scent--love.
smells like overpowering old lady perfume with a touch of elmers glue
being i love everything rose scented
most importantly it doesnt make my eyes teary
my face has never glowed like it does after i use this moisturizer
the scent is a weird amalgam of oranges
add some healthy radiance
the consistency is creamy
my skin truly does glow
glowing in the morning
it has a luxurious texture
this stuff is luxurious
i am obsessed with roses so the rose scent was instant heaven
lovely rose scent is mild.
creates a rosy glow, and is not greasy.
it leaves a glow on your face after you use it.
it smells like roses
leaves my face looking shiny
it also imparts a nice subtle glow to my skin.
the aroma is wonderfully pleasant
it feels like you are putting silk on your skin
the stinging reminds me of a mild version of that
love this cream, very buttery and rich feeling.
i like that it masks the godawful smell of the blue plasmas
he is not one for scents
the light rose scent is not overpowering
giving the skin a nice glow without looking or feeling oily
smells pretty, feels like butter, glowing skin.
refreshing on my skin
the slight rose water scent is very soothing
it makes my skin glow
my skin looks so much more radiant!
this treatment has a creamy velvety consistency
gives me a glow in the morning
my face is like porcelain
almost instantly my skin is more luminous
the morning after using this my skin glows!
it has a very pleasant fragrance
it is fantastic for sun damaged pigmented skin.
my skin feels and looks brighter.
hydrates your skin so beautifully
glow that i never had before
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
this has been gentle
"there's that beautiful woman
it makes me skin glow
my sun spots have faded
i noticed that my skin has a nice glow.
skin tone improves and glows.
this night cream made my skin radiant
made my skin bright
the smell is slightly unpleasant
my skin is even with a beautiful texture
i love the texture that it leaves in my skin
smells amazing, cleanses completely with ease.
this product is gentle
the skin is silky
it has a powdery scent to it
the amber colored glass container that looks like it belongs in a laboratory is a potent cleanser that promises to remove impurities
in terms of firming or radiance
used under another good smelling product
it kind of has a baby powder smell to it which i like
leaves skin supple and radiant.
to me, the cleanser smells nice and fresh.
the fragrance is light and clean.
feels beautiful with it
it's calming, cleansing and nourishing.
the smell is heavenly
as a cleaner this is lovely
it has a clean scent
it leaves skin smooth and radiant
dead skin to create a glowing finish
we both love the baby powder smell
the smell isn't overwhelming
it looks and feels beautiful after using.
i love this face wash as it's gentle
the scent smells like baby soap.
it smells a little bit like baby powder.
i also feel that the container is luxurious since it feels like heavy glass vs
i think it's scent is reminiscent of baby powder
love the glow i get
her skin is beautiful
first of all, the scent is of baby powder.
i love the powdery fresh smell.
maintain my beautiful skin
some people think perricone has a fishy smell to it
i don't love the powdery smell of it
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
i like its gentle foaminess
i always have this glow about my face after using
my skin began to clear and became luminous.
it smells like baby powder.
put a gentle creamy hydrating cream on top to seal the moisture in
the flashy price point
it truly brightens my eyes
there's noticeable improvement in my undereye skin--it's silky
her skin is beautiful
my eyes look brighter
very strange consistency- like a thick serum-
healthy with a nice glow
epic wash for my face when i'm shaving magical
the young lady was very sweet
my skin looks brighter
it does have a distinct scent to it
my skin looks perfect with a natural glow.
mproves the texture of my skin
i like the way it makes my skin look glowing
helps your skin glow
the opposite is true: my face has a nice glow about it
more of a healthy glow to it
doesn't smell like a refreshing citrus
as for the smell
its a nice light foam
not used to such instant elegance.
the face wash smells refreshing tho the toner doesn't have as pleasant of a scent
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
the radiant glow i once got from philosophy i'm now getting from perricone
love the fragrance, the lather and the gentleness
i notice a smell at all
the smell is "there"
my skin glows after using it
the feeling afterwards is heavenly
creamy ones only of a very specific consistency
i love how fresh and light this facial wash is.
has a light citrus odor
love this eye cream!
which have scents that i adore
this olive oil cleanser is so soothing on my face
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
it is a very rich textured eye cream that has softened the fine lines around my eyes
my eye skin looks more youthful
clear with a natural glow
no unpleasant scent or perfume
my skin is still silky smooth and "patch free"
this is a fabulous hydrating cream with lots of extra bells
it completely resurfaced the texture to a velvety finish
warm tan/honey skin tone
gives your skin a wonderful glow
i saw a healthy glow from my face
my skin is glowing
glowing my skin is
it has helped to brighten and smooth my skin.
my mother also said i looked a little more radiant
this helps firm my skin and my face has a glow.
tightens, brightens, and makes skin luminous.
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
skin has a healthy glow.
does a beautiful job on my skin.
i loved the fresh citrus scent of this cleanser.
lovely scent and gentle of the skin
the orange smell is kinda nice
she likes the orange smell.
the foamy texture is gentle
the smell is lovely
the tea extract smells wonderful
feels creamy without actually being heavy
this wash makes me feel like a glowy goddess.
i love the citrus smell
i love the refreshing smell of it
this foam-creamy concoction feels great for an every occasion face wash
i love the smell of this, it's a familiar smell.
it has a sweet black tea smell.
it smells amazing, leaves the skin squeaky clean.
it smells like orange
the smell is heavenly-so fresh
my face looks so bright
i am euphoric for this product.
the scent is amazing
love how creamy the foam feels!
i see brightness in my skin
very creamy foamy feeling that easily washes away leftover makeup
it has a great citrus smell
i love that it's so citrusy.
was expecting a mild tea scent, per the name.
to a powerful trip of citrus fruits
indulge your scents with the powerful scents of grapefruit
follow with fresh lotus youth preserve
almost has a grapefruit undertone smell to it
i like the creaminess of the cleanser
gentle daily cleanser that smells great
nice scent, gentle, do not dry the skin!
i love how gentle it is
it has a lovely citrus smell yet not over powering
this cleanser smells so amazing
it's really gentle on the skin
it makes my face bright and gives a glowing look.
there's no overbearing fragrance.
it's not "spicy" on the skin
it is very creamy
super foamy super cleaner.
it's super gentle on the skin
in about a week i found my skin so radiant
is like a drink of gold fresh squeezed orange juice
the smell is so fresh
has a wonderfully refreshing scent
it smells of citrus and oranges its so good.
it even had a nice tingly feeling.
leaves my skin glowing
this cleanser works wonderfully
it smells like citrus deliciousness
the smell is very pleasant.
it has the most silky texture
leaves it wonderfully plump
i love the scent.
the bottle is gorgeous and lasts me about a year.
people who are mentioning the products over bearing smell are crazy it smells beautiful
this product is not scented
this is perfect as it's creamy enough to moisturize
love the smell too, no strong scent!
raved about how beautiful my skin looks
it works like a charm
the texture of the products
there is a light scent of roses that i love.
i love that it's made with natural ingredients
leaves your skin glowing
not greasy, perfect for daytime.
it smells lovely and unobtrusive.
i also love that it has a cream texture
my skins texture is changing
it is what pure products smell like--nearly no scent
gentle on the skin
"green" offerings are often have not been very elegant in texture
i love the scent of this product
a really lovely skin cream otherwise
very creamy without being greasy
my favorite thing about this moisturizer is that it is so creamy
my skin is vibrant
i love that it has no scent or unpleasant ingredients
this is a lovely day moisturizer.
it has an odd scent which i don't like.
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it has a pleasing scent
i love the rose smell.
combined with the orange face wash my skin looks superb
nice, light, pleasant fragrance.
makes your face glow!
this cream has improved the texture of her skin
i love the scent of it also.
i love the way this smells.
has a "whipped" feeling as you blend into your skin
i think the consistency is far too creamy for day use
leaves it looking radiant
my skin has never looked more radiant or felt so soft
look forward to my face feeling silky
you will love this rich day cream
the fresh herbal scent is wonderful, too.
i love this rich face cream.
it smells like lavender oil
some other fragrant relaxing oil
the smell is light in my opinion
on occasion event coconut
i don't mind the smell and i like the texture.
natural fresh looking finish.
the smell is a little "earthy"
has no harsh scent
the scent reminds of a pine forest
a very clean fresh scent
give it a natural healthy glow
a great toner from lush
bought l'occitaine's divine cream which i'm loving
i kept using glam glow which wasn't helping
the smell is light
texture is a creamy-on the thick side consistency
leaves my face glowing
it soaks into the skin beautifully
this cream has a lovely consistency that is thicker than a moisturizer without being heavy
helped with the texture of my skin
this cream is gentle
i also love that it smells like calendula flowers
leaves your skin velvety
my skin has reacted beautifully to this
the smell is so fresh
this cream is so calming
this fits the bill beautifully
it leaves an almost velvet-silk feel on the skin
i love the texture of this
smell is not the most pleasant scent.
this is soothing and lightweight.
creamy while still feeling lightweight on my face
it's very lightly scented
smells a bit like grass
although it leaves a really silky feeling on my skin
this version is now scented
the scent of black tea is subtle and refreshing.
(and the earthy smell is great!)
or anything i want to wear beautifully
with a nice matte finish
after trying a few night creams samples even the glam glow
it smells so refreshing
leaves a nice matte finish
now my skin has a glow
it has a creamy consistency that is a nice
it also has a light fresh scent.
lightweight, and perfect for my oily complexion.
i love how smooth and silky it feels.
it makes me smile!)
i like a bit of glow
it's lightweight with subtle fragrance.
my face just looks radiant
my make up looked cakey
it is light and refreshing also.
i tried other product the lavender colored bottle
the product itself though works beautifully.
no more cakey foundations
i am pleasantly surprised by this pure ingredient product
very light, refreshing and velvety.
the radiant glow after using this mask is just stunning
my skin is rosier and glows afterward.
cool on your face...slightly shimmery.
the super skin glow kicks in after about two hours
this has a nice light texture and feels cooling.
it's true that you don't see the rosier glow until the day after using this product
after using this mask, my face looks bright.
the texture is light
soothing on the skin
the fragrance in the mask is really luxe
kind of "high end" smelling
it's like a light mousse even though it's black
i noticed that my skin looked truly beautiful
it was illuminating light
everytime i use it, my skin is pale and pearly.
i could definitely see a glow
glowing without any makeup on
as my skin was beautifully radiant
this mask really does make my face glow
the mask tingles a bit
this product make my skin glow
kind of like primer but creamier.
then i just glow
it leaves you with a beautiful glow
young glow it leaves
i don't typically enjoy scented products.
it this has a beautiful light earthy smell which is very pleasant
i like the texture
i like the mild scent as well.
serums this soaks in beautifully to my skin making it baby soft
during the transition to winter it's beautiful
i like both the scent
brightens under my eyes
my skin is so hydrated and luminous.
gibson a healthy glow all day long.
it makes my skin glow
i don't mind the scent
plus someone who prefers earthy
this cream smells like pickle juice.
i love the smell of this cream
i love the texture it leaves my skin
it also smells lovely.
during the day i use the lotus youth preserve face cream
then in place of the lotus
makes your skin feel luscious
i love the fresh black tea skin care products.
the light smell is lovely
tinted moistuizers do have some
my face looks brighter
the smell is lovely, too.
felt heavenly going on
although this cream does plump up my face with that youthful "bounce
this cream is heavenly!
it gives my skin brighter
the crepe like skin under my eyes has plumped
this cream is rich
smooth with a pleasant cucumber scent
i do wake up to radiant
it is very silky
smells la bit of cucumber?
leaves a refreshingly cool feeling on my skin
the scent has a hint of cucumber
i love the dewy feeling my skin has after applying this cream to my face
my skin overall is more radiant and even toned.
my skin just looked radiant and smooth.
really love the feeling it is on my face as well as the light lychee scent
it smells like pickles
it leaves a nice light glow and lasts all day.
it is very creamy but light weight.
really makes her skin look beautiful.
it has a wonderful cucumber-rose like scent
at first i didn't like the earthy scent
it makes my skin silky smooth.
the smell is a comforting
it smells devine and feels heavenly.
the cream has also a delightful smell
texture that is a dream to use
i loved the fact that the cream absorbs instantly
so soothing, so soft, so aromatic, so perfect.
it makes my skin feel silky
dewy without feeling at all greasy
my skin looks more glowing and vibrant.
makes my skin shiny
this moisturizer feels luxurious
it smells like i rubbed a salad on my face
it's creamy and smells divine!!
the smell is intoxicating
the texture is silky
my skin glows after i've used it.
this mask has an odd texture to it
smells like cucumber and has a pleasant texture.
the texture is a little odd
the mask does tingle
it feels so natural and dewy.
the scene is pleasant
your skin is silky smooth
it is a luxurious mask for sure
also love the texture of this mask
it is so creamy
the tingling sensation feels fine
i really like the scent, and the cooling effect.
love the texture and cooling effect.
makes my skin feel sooo silky smooth.
fresh with a sensation of lift
it's cooling and has a nice scent.
leaves your skin with a nice texture
the texture of the mask is amazing because it is very creamy
for 2-3 days after my skin felt like silk
not flowery or baby powderish
it does leave my skin with a glow after use
glow is temporary though.
i love the mask's whipped texture
the texture is strange
kind of an airy mouse-like texture
skin looked healthy, younger, glow-y even.
you want to treat yourself to instant glow
the rose mask gives you hydration without the weird cooling sensation
so i put this on and sweet relief.
goodness gracious it felt like i had an ice pack on my face
when i ordered a too faced power of makeup palette in collab with nikkietutorials
this mask calms my skin and leaves it luminous.
the smell is delicious
i loved the texture
the natural scent that is characteristic of fresh products
this mask smelled like vanilla bean
my skin looks brighter
this glow only lasted a day
plus is smells like black tea
i love fresh products
smells like a luscious strawberry field
cons: texture of mask is like
i loved the texture.
i loved the cool zing.
the smell is a light, pleasant and happy.
tery with a gentle gritty texture
it also smells like fresh tea and cucumber.
i find that relaxing
it has a pleasant scent
and love the smell of cucumber.
i love the smell, texture, the glass (?)
fresh black tea instant perfecting mask great product
beautiful skin in the morning after rinsing off!
it is very soothing and i love the scent.
undereye area feel a good sight brighter
my skin looks glowing!
it spreads like whipped butter, silky and smooth!
the smell is a bit cucumber
it leaves my skin bright, even and calm.
the smell is delicious.
this mask is super fresh
lose it's glow when i'm at school
i noticed my skin getting it's natural glow back little by little
this mask feels divine when applying
feels delicious going on your skin
my skin looked fresh
felt silky smooth to the touch
love the cucumber-y scent and cooling sensation.
this is a very good musk.
the texture of it and smell is amazing.
it really does give the skin a nice glow
the milky foam feels luxurious
this product cleanses wonderfully
the smell is quite pleasant
it does have a light floral scent to it
this is gentle and it works.
my face has never felt cleaner than it does when i use mousse radiance
i love the foamy texture
love the foamy texture which feels luxurious on my face
it has a pleasant light scent which is not overwhelming
it smells deliciously fresh
feels yummy and rich to wash with.
it just gives you a nice glow in the morning
the texture is so rich
follow with mousse radiance
it has a light scent that is not overpowering
it comes out as a foam which is very creamy.
it has this mild yum smell
the fragrance is pleasant
the product is a delight to use
it works with my skin in perfect harmony
i love the scent.
it's luxurious and smells great!
my combination skin works wonderfully with this product
although the fragrance is a little strong
so creamy and gentle but so effective!
it smells like cucumber to me
the smell is nice and subtle too!
it foams up beautifully
it feels luxurious on the skin.
i also love the smell.
my skin glows after i use this product
is gentle on your skin
i like the texture
the scent is beautiful
this starts out so creamy
leaves the skin fresh
look forward to have that freshness after using this
gentle enough to use on eyes
i really like this cleanser because its silky
this one does that beautifully
of product produces a nice amount of foamy cleanser
the formula is creamy and lathers very well.
this is really creamy, and then foams up nicely.
i feel so luxurious using this.
it lathers up wonderfully when mixed with water
it does have a strong fragrance
it actually makes my skin look more luminous
i've never had this luminous effect with any other cleanser
it is creamy and non drying.
it has a strong perfume like scent because lancôme puts fragrance in most of their products
this cleanser is gentle
it cleans beautifully and smells great.
it starts creamy and foams.
the smell is good and its rich in cream.
radiant after using this
i always use this one or mouse radiance
before using creme radiance
it left my complexion looking brighter
more radiant than ever
just in that week without creme radiance
it has a really light lovely smell.
my face looks brighter
tan very easily thanks to my olive skin
i wear a light foundation
was amazed at how little product is needed to create a luxurious creamy lather
i love this cleanser because it is creamy yet turns a little foamy
left it radiant rather than dry
i don't use the tonique radiance however.
clearer more touchable skin
has become more luminous after using this
gentle with my skin
there is no scent of rosewater, only of alcohol.
my skin is glowing
it has a mild fragrance which i don't find unpleasant
feels refreshing on the skin
it is so light and has a nice subtle scent.
it's refreshing, gentle and very soothing.
it's gentle to use everyday
it"s not oily with a pleasant smell.
this product does remove makeup beautifully
i love how bright
plump my face looks
my skin is glowing
its light and it feels like heaven.
mix with glitter for eye looks
gives it a little glow which i like
it leaves my skin super glowy
does not smell like perfume or a strong floral smell
when i wake up in the morning i have this wonderful glow
however i don't really mind it because it gives me that flawless sun-kissed glow i've always coveted
it has a very mild fragrance that isn't offensive
keep it looking shiny all day
which smell reminds me of like crayons
my skin craves it.
it turns my textured skin smooth
my face looks brighter
gives my skin a wonderful glow
no breakouts just beautiful
it softens my skin and gives it a glow.
so soothing and luxurious- a must have.
radiant my skin looks
waking up with gorgeous skin--clear
this argan oil is amazing!
i also use her vibrancy foundation which works beautifully with this
it literally revives my skin from dullness to brightening
this has plumped my skin
my skin looks beautiful
i love the lightness of this more
it literally leaves a velvety finish to the skin
she was amazed by my glowing complexion
perfect plumping moisture for late 30s skin.
gives a smooth silky feeling
dr oz compared it to the pillowy texture of a baby
it feels invisible yet refreshing
makes a nice canvas for moisturizer
this one really makes my skin glow
my complexion seems brighter
i enjoy the texture
i noticed my skin glowing
and wetness is the essence of beauty!!"
is gentle on my skin
it has a mild scent
it is super creamy
has the distinct spf smell
scent in skin products
now my skin glows like a baby
it is creamy and elegant, yet absorbs quickly.
it gives you a healthy sheen
not shiny like a greaseball
this is the first moisturizer i have used that i don't glisten
makes my skin look dewy
my skin was shiny
the scent is pleasant - subtle and fresh.
that is sits beautifully under make up
the smell of sun screen
this smells like nothing
it does smell weird
it makes my face shiny
gave me a bright glow every morning
it leaves me a bit dewy
sunny climate i live in
i liked the lightness of the murad moisturiser
my skin looks brighter
my skin is quirky
it is sold for different skin tones
skin looks a little shiny at first
thank heavens for this cream
it leaves a nice "luminescent" quality to my skin which i feel gives me that "youthful
smells like alcohol though.
fragrance is so calming
it is so creamy
i like the smell, very "beachy".
this is what fragrance free smells like
it's not caked with overwhelming floral smell.
does smell a little like sun screen
this is a full-bodied, well-covering moisturizer.
i would describe it as a lightly scented dark chocolate smell
it has spf 25 and no strong odor.
the texture is light
as for the smell
the smell is pretty earthy
this cleanser foams wonderfully
the scent is odd
it smells like a tea shop.
it's got a pleasant smell.
on my quest to find that perfect facial cleanser that foams nicely
this cleanser swoops in
the scent is natural organic oil and very fresh.
the fash wash leaves me feeling fresh and clean.
have found that it smells
has a refreshing scent that isn't overpowering or feminine- it's herbal
the smell is gentle
jurlique's foaming cleanser is fabulous.
it also has a pleasant smell.
gives me a beautiful sheen/glow
patting this product into my skin feels heavenly <3
more in the "always-a-pleasant-experience" vein
oh, and it smells lovely too, like a spa!
he loves the woodsy scent
thickness plus the sweet smell
very pleasant experience with jurlique's rose water mist
this cream gives you beautiful healthy dewy glow once you put it on makes foundations goes so well
the scent can be overpowering when it is first applied
the smell is heavenly.
smells a bit strongly like roses
that said, my skin looks gorgeous in the morning.
very rich and soothing moisturizer.
the scent is light and pleasant.
kind of earthy-lavender-powdery
it works magic on my skin
also has a pleasant smell.
i love the dewy look it gives my skin
the thing about it giving you a youthful glow is totally true
it is so rich and soothing to my skin.
plus, i like a bit of a glow.
its smell isn't overpowering.
my skin looks more radiant
i could do without the slightly floral scent
the cream is a nice thickness
my skin looks radiant after applying the cream
this face cream is rich
it does have a strong scent
the fragrance is strong
my skin looked radiant!
has a very pleasant scent
lime blossoms in the spring
the smell is just a tad too "perfumey" for me for a face cream
it gives my skin a healthy glow
the scent is more calming than strong
it has a lovely smell of rose
it is a natural scent that i find relaxing
a lightly dewy glowing effect
looks so luminous on its own
have a beautifully luminous complexion that feels completely hydrated
helps achieve the dewy look without greasiness
this anti-aging eye cream is not too creamy or watery
this gives you a glow
it doesn't smell floral like the rest of their products
plus it feels soothing
it has a great thick texture
it glides on smooth as silk with absolutely no stinging
primer combinations with the same result: a wonderfully matte finish
the foundation looks powdery
i set my face with laura mercier translucent powder
which i love for its dewy
i set it all with lm translucent setting powder
mix it with a tinted primer
my skin does look dewy
it has the smell
this is perfect when blended with a tinted bb cream too
i still get shiny
also it smells like tea tree!
it's not amazingly spa quality smooth under my powder
removes makeup, very creamy.
also i found the smell is gentle and comforting.
foamy lather that i adore
the smell is calming
the scent is subtle
and i like the smell!
it's gentle enough to calm my fretfully red skin
feels silky on the face when massaging it around
this cleaner is gentle
the smell is refreshing as well.
it should be creamy
i wanted something gentle
the smell isn't overwhelming
(i love the signature clarins scent :).
gives me a bright completion
this is a really gentle cleanser that smells amazing
the smell is inoffensive
the texture is creamy with small beads throughout
froths up nice with the clarisonic
this cleanser definitely brightened my skin
makes my nose look fresh
thick & creamy, very gentle, cleans well.
i remember my skin so radiant
enjoy the soothing smell
it has a very milky texture
leaves my skin looking radiant and clean!
gets my face radiantly clean
fresh or philosphy purity
it's a foamy, creamy luxurious cleanser.
creamy together sounds contradicting
has this really soft creamy texture
love how this product feels gentle
has a real fresh clean scent
not a fan of the scent.
feels like velvet on your face
it blends nicely into the skin
has a nice light scent
works under makeup wonderfully
its so light and refreshing.
my skin was glowing
the fragrance is pleasant & not too strong.
definitely improves it's textures
with a radiant glow that will make you thank lancomer for coming out with such a fountain of youth in a jar
a thick cream with a classic almost vintage fragrance that certainly delivers
her skin is beautiful
my skin looks young
i love that it transforms my skin into a supple palette for my eye makeup
it feels very velvety and luxurious.
i love the texture
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
the eye area was bright
found the texture really agreeable with my skin
luxurious against the skin
cleanse face with clairsonic luxe brush
skin has a dewy glow after just one use
what i like about this is the consistency: it's creamy
my skin is glowing
i am of dark complexion
given my skin a more luminous quality
gives your skin a nice glow
just lovely renewed skin
like use gentle washes
poetry in lotion is not only gentle on your skin
my skin looks beautiful
fades sun spots, softens wrinkles.
the blend of other ingredients make it an ulta rich
bright than i can ever remember
i woke up with silky smooth skin
by skin is brighter
my skin tolerates it beautifully
my skin is glowing
my skin just glows in the morning
getting a nice subtle glow to the skin
if you want to have silky smooth skin
it has a faint smell
makeup applies beautifully over the top
i loved how nourishing
i like the lavender scent too.
smells nice too.. kind is citrusy smell.
this is such a lush product
it has a nice lavender scent as well
scent is calming and relaxing.
smells like fruit loops which is pretty cool.
my skin looks plump bright
this is a lovely mid-weight moisturizer for night time
glowy in the morning
the smell is delicious
almost like fruity pebbles
it smells like oranges
it smells like bathroom cleaner to me now
the pretty rosy look it gave my skin
it has made my skin so beautiful
there is a scent but its a light fresh scent.
my face has a subtle dewy finish
it's a perfect summer/spring moisturizer
it has a lovely smell
if you like lavender
a nice creamy light texture
love the lavender smell.
also, the smell isn't overpowering.
has a nice citrus fragrance
leaves me with a healthy glow
my skin has such a nice glow
i swear it has transformed my skin to perfection
very clean refreshing smell
smells really nice-clean and cucumber.
it's perfect for oily skin
i love the light smell of this moisturizer
this product is perfect for daytime
it is a nice light moisturizer.
i would be straight up in the poor house if it meant something that would offer me beautiful angelic skin
the texture is nice and creamy..yet not to thick.
my face is left looking radiant
it is super gentle and smells wonderful!
this is super gentle
lovely soft scent not overpowerful at all
this cleanser is super gentle
i like the gentleness
nice cleanser, foams up well, smells pleasant.
the fragrance is amazing--i think it has lavender in it
perfect gentle cleanser it's pretty expensive
it is super gentle on the face
there is such a beautiful glow left behind on my skin because it is truly clean
has a clean lavender scent
and the lavender scent is amazing!
it is lightly scented
feels gentle on the skin
the silky way my face feels after using it
love the soft lavender scent, not overwhelming.
g's perfect finish powder foundation
it has a nice silky texture which lathers fairly well
i love how gentle this cleanser is.
softer more glowing skin
i love the scent- very aromatic
it smells softly like a clean lavender scent
it has a great lavender scent too!
i also love the lavender smell, so soothing.
specifically mufe bright or dark eye makeup
it smells wonderful and leaves no residue.
the cleanser is gentle
almost like tangerines or oranges
i love the scent.
gentle yet cleansing and pleasant mild fragrance.
she says that it was gentle
this is a nice lite cleanser that smells lovely
the scent is a little medicine-ish.
it smells wonderful with the predominant fragrance being lavender
this product is gentle
has a nice subtle unobtrusive smell
it's the perfect substitute
my sample of kate somerville gentle daily wash was excellent
i really like the barely there scent the lavender provides
i found the scent/fragrance makes the act of washing my face very relaxing
it's calming to my skin
it leaves my skin dewy
le its' faint lavender fragrance
i love the scent
this wash is gentle
great lavender smell that make you feel like you are at a spa
your face looks brighter
my skin looks fresh
radiant from this product
it has a light lavendar smell
out is how soothing the lavendar is for my skin
the scent is pure heaven!
gentle and cleans my face great.
it has a fresh scent
kate somerville's gentle daily wash is truly gentle
doesn't get very frothy
i like the smell
invest in your beautiful skin.
gentle on the skin
it's like a lemony smell
it has a light tea tree/citrus scent
it has a citrus smell
smells like generic dish soap?
my skin is radiant!!
the smell reminds me of a very strong whiskey beverage
added bonus its gentle
it's got a lovely refreshing scent
smells like tea tree oil to me
the rest of my face felt like silk
the smell isn't overpowering
dont like perfumey smells on my face.
too watery for my taste
seen a beautiful change in my skin
the smell is light
after a few uses my skin had a dewy glow
i love the smell...tea treeish.
love how foamy it is and how it smells.
is very refreshing with a citrusy scent
has a nice fresh scent
my skin is beautiful.
all with a pleasant smell
i like the smell and the gel texture.
it has a nice citrusy scent
the fragrance is a nice lemony citrus.
the citrus-y scent is lovely
it does have a citrus scent
the gentle daily wash smell was much more refreshing
i like the light lemon scent to it
i only gave it 4 stars because the yellow color
it has a nice lemon-y scent too with is nice.
i also use this with the laura mercier flawless face polish
the glam glow super mud mask
a light lemony smell to open your senses in the morning
use the gentle wash in the a
the scent is natural
so lightweight and smells amazing.
it's my perfect moisturizer
gives my skin a glow that comes from the nice amount of hydration it gives
it works like a charm
helps maintain a nice glow without being greasy
smells like big spray to me
for my combination skin, it works beautifully.
it doesn't smell perfumey or strongly scented
this moisturizer has a velvety texture
has such a nice light fresh smell
it leaves me with a dewy look
wears under makeup beautifully!
i ditched the green tea moisturizer for this one
my skin looks radiant
it glides on smooth
my skin is somewhat silky without feeling like there is a layer of something there
it is cool, silky, refreshing, and light.
radiant after using it
through some strange magic
the pink eradikate is amazing for spot treatments
works like charm for me
that pink sulfur-y stuff in the little glass bottle
not too fragrant but not too chemical either.
that is welcome given the level of oiliness i deal with
it dries without feeling gritty.
this is magic in a jar.
it soaks in beautifully
i find it soothing to my face
this has me feeling pampered
the oils is that i don't look shiny after a couple hours
it's a lovely soothing lightweight moisturizer.
makes my skin glow
i mean glow i love it
leaving the skin with a nice glow
the smell is definitely milky
i find it pleasant
i love how light and fluffy this product is.
it feels so silky and smooth on my skin.
has given me a more radiant look
lightweight everyday cream that made my skin look more radiant
it has a light scent
the goat milk is soothing
it gave my skin a healthy glow and absorbs nicely
upon feeling the milky
not as creamy as the "oil-free
there's no sharp fragrance.
there's no strong fragrance to gi've me a headache
this is a lovely light but effective moisturizer.
has a slight yogurt-ish aroma
because i needed something gentle
a dewy glow as well
i love the texture of this cream
not at all gritty
after a few uses of it i began to pick up the slightly-sweet smell of milk
then found myself craving the smell of it
makes my foundation lovely
my skin is glowing
pleasant scent as well
that minty peppermint feeling feels so good
the peppermint is amazing
this cleanser is very gentle and refreshing.
has a great peppermint tingle perfect for use during the hot summer
it have a refreshing minty feeling when i'm washing my face
the consistency is like a pearly liquid gel that foams
love this minty,tingly feel in the morning.
my skin is silky smooth
love the blend of salicylic
it makes my skin glow and look fresh.
since discovering kate somerville's line my skin glows
i love the tingle of the peppermint oil.
this has a great citrus scent
it also gives you a minty feeling.
glowy when i use this
this cream absorbs beautifully
i def see a more glowing/dewy complexion
i love the scent.
the cream has a luxurious texture
the pros: this is definitely a super creamy cream
my skin is plumped
my smile lines are plumped out
my skin looks brighter
was losing that "glow"
i got kate's glow kit after returning the caudalie premiere cru which made me breakout
my skin glows in the a
it is perfect when paired with quench
this cream is gentle
its creamy and blends in and smooths on well!!!!!
makes eyes look youthful and fresh.
love this eye cream!
its really creamy moisture
my skin really has the "kate somerville glow"
it gives you a smooth palette to work with.
not sure i agree with the luminous glow statement
goes on silky smooth
it's light and silky and nourishing.
this product is so luxurious
this one glides on
goes silky smooth perfect for under make up as well
along with tarte maracuja or maran oils
i also feel like my complexion has brightened.
it is a delightful serum
leaves my skin glowing
also gives me a little glow
gives skin an underlying glow
makes my skin have a glow
it does leave my skin looking dewy
in delivering you gloriously glowing
i got this serum in hopes it did like it said by giving a dewey glow
my face glows now!
really silky like a second skin
es luminous glow to the skin
gives a nice instant plumper effect to little lines
i notice a nice brightening effect
no stinky or overpowering scent!
it gives my face a great healthy glow
like silk on my face
my face does have a glow with this product.
the serum absorbs instantly leaving a beautiful glow
leaves your skin feeling silky
it has a soothing scent that takes my cares away.
the foam is nice smell
polished even before moisturizer
it's very creamy and hydrating.
it has a nice milky/creaminess to it
this also have a very light scent of warm vanilla which is a plus
silky my skin felt after only one use
it doesn't strip my face and it smells wonderful!
giving me more glow than grease
it is foamy, frothy and fabulous.
it also leaves my skin very silky smooth
i love the light smell too
i like the smell of it
amore leaves my skin feeling plump
it lathers nicely and feels very luxurious!
my skin has a fresher glow to it
i like the smell
mild pleasant scent which is gone when you rinse it off
the scent of it is perfect not too much especially because i'm allergic to strong perfume scents
my skin has improved and is looking radiant!
it is so silky smooth
it is a pleasure to use
it's gentle on the skin
it also smells beautiful
screen siren-ish sort of way
it's so smooth, absolutely luscious!
the sweet smell it left behind
it's creamy, with very soft beads in it.
the smell is not offesive or perfumey.
this paired with first aid beauty moisturizer is perfect
the smell is comforting to me
it smells perfume-y
the glow that i have its just amazing
leaves skin looking plump
the scent is strong
it does have a "perfume" scent
k-beauty is my new sensation
the scent is intoxicating!
i like the scent
it is so gentle on my face
it's gorgeous at makeup removal
it comes in a very sleek
i like the light scent.
the scent is fresh
i love the luxe packaging, too.
the light pleasant scent
i actually really love the strong perfumy scent
it's just that it feels luxurious
i can feel that it "holds" my skin some how- smell deliciously good
the scent is sublime.
the only negative about this product is it has a flowery scent to it
it cleanses my skin of make-up beautifully
my only criticism is the perfume smell
the fragrance is very light
this has a very strong perfumy scent
it turns into a creamy cleanser
it feels like silk on your skin
it is so silky and smells so good.
this cleanser is thee most gentle
soothing comforting cleanser you will find
my skin has been dewy
love the smell and the gentleness.
massage this wonderfully light
got great yet subtle scent
it has a very pleasant texture
the floral perfumes in the product did not irritate my skin
the scent is light
i believe the scent is very fresh
the scent is pleasing
it does have a strong fragrance
it does have a strong scent
makes my skin feel lovely
i love the subtle scent
the smell isn't overpowering
it plumped my skin
light fresh and clean scent.
it just seems unnecessary to have such a strong perfumey fragrance in a face cream
it is really one kind fresh, sweetish smell.
yet not too creamy
my first purchase was the amore tinted moisturizer
i cook with it and now my skin is as silky as it.
it smells like bad old lady perfume.
it is artificial smelling.
and, the texture of my skin is divine!
it smells like something a 90yo floridian retiree thinks smells "sexy"
yet smells like a ft
you will get a perfect dewy look
gives me a nice glow
it gives my skin a glow
the smell is amazing and fresh!
i could see the glow in my face after nights
it does have a strong green floral scent
nice gel that leaves skin velvety and smooth.
i like the texture and use it at night.
leaves the skin looking bright
this moisturizer is pure heaven.
this one smells like heaven and works amazingly.
i noticed my skin looked absolutely radiant
it smells beautiful and clean.
the fragrance i find is light
it also has a pleasant
under a combo tinted moisturizer foundation that always leaves me feeling greasy
it's not the most pleasant fragrance
leaves a fabulous matte finish.
i did however find it perfect to use under tinted moisturizers
love the smell of this gel!!!
rich creamy feel going on
it makes my face feel so smooth and beautiful.
i find it to be pleasant
also my face always looks so radiant.
my face is brightened
makes my skin glow
skin looks dull again
my skin is brighter
:d it also brightens my face nicely.
my skin looks healthier, almost glowing.
my skin is even-toned and really is glowing.
youthful glow since i started using this
it smells like oranges
not only does it make your skin more radiant
added a nice overall glow
tingly when you put it on
my skin feels younger, brighter and radiant!
i love the fresh scent of this product
glow of my skin in 2 weeks
it does give a beautiful glow to my face
my skin looked brighter
my skin was so bright
bright i don't need a foundation
left an amazing glow
which had a strong fake smell
really bright orange color
my face seems to look more radiant
it has given my skin a beautiful glow
there's not much scent -- a bit of orange scent
my skin looks brighter
so my makeup goes on wonderfully
with the dull skin
luminous after applying this product the night before
restore a healthy glow to aging skin
my skin looks radiant and my pores are shrinking.
the smoothness of my skin's texture
my skin is beautiful
it really does have a glow.
i believe the secret to beautiful radiant skin is vit c
i love the fresh smell
this brightens the skin instantly
this is more like a booster for your creams that gives you bright
skin looks like it is glowing within
receive lots of compliments on how lovely my skin looks
gives it a nice glow
softness of your complexion in a week
it lightens my sun spots
there is a stinging sensation
within a few days my skin was more radiant
my skin is softer and brighter and it does glow!
my skin was bright
it keeps your skin youthful and glowing.
loved how it made my skin glow
golden ticket when it comes to youthfull supermodel skin
my skin was looking unbelievably radiant
already i can see a difference in my skin-it is more radiant
the texture is smoother
this serum tingles in a pleasant way when you first put it on
radiance in my skin
i love the texture
it makes your skin feel magical
love the tingly feeling this product gives
supple along with a revolutionary sringake of my pores
leaves a slight tacky sensation after drying
provides a beautiful glow, short and long term.
there is no manly smell
skin feels soft and radiant.
something to even out tone/texture
gives an instant glow :)
doesn't smell too herbal/fragrant
it makes his face look vibrant and sexy!
it works wonders for dark circles
it applies beautifully over the cold plasma
this stuff still makes my eyes bright
if you like/need a creamy eye product this is not for you
leaves you looking radiant
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
feels luxurious when i put it on my eyes morning
this is a wonderful serum for those annoying "cross-hatch" lines underneath the eye
does give me a beautiful
this one is watery
lightweight product that brightens eyes
her skin looks flawless
it glows after its applied.
my skin looks a bit more radiant after a few days as well
it glows and the texture is great.
gives you subtle lift
has a bit of a "fishy" smell
skin tone is glowing
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
it doesn't smell like a bouquet of roses
- my skin is lovely.
it keeps my skin looking youthful and glowing.i
does add a dewey freshness to the skin
bright with smaller pores
this product smelled pleasant
advanced face firming activator which was so offensively fishy smelling to me that i had to wash my face
it is fading my freckles/sun spots super fast as well
the texture is creamy and penetrates quickly.
the scent is a nonissue for me.
now my skin looks beautiful.
glowing in the morning
after 2 weeks my complexion was luminous
my skin looked flawless
i now have dewy
my skin has never been "luminous"
it really did have a glow to it
i wake up with a nice glow to my skin
my skin is firmer, more even, glowing and smooth.
no fishy smell at all.
all in pursuit of the perfect night cream
my skin underneath was glowing
sun spots have faded
leaves your skin rosy
i love the texture of it
it feels so creamy when i'm washing it off
loaded with irritating fragrance
my weird bumpy skin was smooth
this has no scent.
it looks shiny all day
makes my face look radiant
it freshens my skin
which is supposed to give me a glow
especially the tingly one
there's a glow to it that i love
i got a stunning complexion
a glow i wasn't expecting
it was pleasant applying it
i hate when my face is shiny
it also made my skin smoother and more radiant.
make me feel beautiful
not at all shiny
its like a velvety matte lotion
my makeup goes on beautifully over this cream
leaves it glowing every time i use it
evens the skin texture
the product is so creamy
it smells heavenly., too!
it moisturizes my skin beautifully
the scent is light
i love the texture of the cream.
has a nice light scent
i love the scent
is a wonderful texture/luminosity with no breakouts since
it feels so luxurious
the scent to me is that of a rose
my skin is brighter
literally as soft as silk
i did notice my skin became so radiant
given me a healthy glow
it is lightly fragranced and it smells divine.
le the perfume smell
i loved the gleaming look after i applied it.
with this little magic liquid
the scent is a light perfume but pleasant.
i don't have a nice glow
the texture is grainy
i would shell out to have the glow i have because of this magical potion
there is a light scent that lingers
melts into the skin and smells wonderful.
my skin feels like heaven
mix it with laura mercier tinted moisturizer for the perfect summer coverage
this creme is light
i also love merlot
the texture is creamy
it provides exquisite moisture
the smell was rather perfume-y
my skin is super dewy
have subtly wrinkles/lines between my eyebrows
i love the richness during the winter
love the smell of the cream as well
i love the glowing
dewy look on my face
i get a beautiful glow without it looking greasy
soothing cream with a pleasant texture
my skin is radiant
makes her skin radiant
skin is luminous and smooth as if lasered.
the cream itself is luxurious.
does have a nice light scent.
the luxurious scent makes me so excited to put it on after cleansing every night
leaves my skin looking fresh
gives my face a dewy finish
the scent is so light
the cream itself is very luxurious feeling
brightened with an even skin tone
this cream has a luxurious feel to it
this one is dramatically luxurious
it's apparent we all have different taste in scents
this smells exactly like oleg cassini perfume from the 70's
it is so lovely!
my face stays so radiant all day long
it works beautifully with my regimen
the smell is soooooo lovely
it also smells lovely
my skin feels velvety
out in the sun
the scent is very pleasant & subtle.
i liked the scent
this cream is luxurious.
my skin is supple and glowing in the morning.
i think most would enjoy the subtle perfume
a healthy glow in my skin after about two weeks
my skin is glowing
the scents are almost unbearable
within days my skin looked vibrant again.
the smell reminds me of fish food
bit of an oil that has a citrus scent to mask the odor
which smells like roses
it does have an odd swampy smell
first of all fishy it isn't
it is natural not perfume smelling like all the others that try to cover up natural smells odor in products
also doesn't smell beautifully
the smell is a little funny
my skin looks so dewy
while i will admit that it does have a bit of a fishy/metallic odor
i just finish my regime with a pleasant smelling creme like the perricone rose moisturizer or one by fresh
it has transformed the texture of my skin.
in fact, the scent of the product is very faint.
my face looks radiant
commented on the vile smell
it's transformed by skin
in just 5 days i had the most gorgeous looking skin
it has an interesting scent
made it look so much more radiant
because your skin feels like satin afterwards.
smelled perfume like also
smells more of a chemically smell to me
the scent is strong
not overpowering or super fishy
i really feel this cream brightened my complexion
this stuff is great, it makes my skin glow!
it leaves my skin supple and brightened.
i get a synthetic apple cider with a little bit of a metallic tinge
yes, it has a funky but natural smell.
my skin is more radiant
a natural ingredient in the product that produces what some describe as a fishy smell
this made my skin so bright clear and smooth.
healthy, youthful and radiant skin, yes, please.
it is so light in texture
promises from complexion to smoothness
the smell was odd -- reminds me of kelp
it really works-- my skin is luminous and soft.
it was not pleasant
well i have never had luminous skin
my skin looks brighter
the smell is a bit odd
not everything has to smell like flowers to be powerful
after using for 1 week my skin looks more radiant
it fades dark spots
helps brights my skin
my skin was radiant
makes my skin glow/radiate instantly
it has great sun protection
like a healthy glowing look.
my skin has a beautiful texture throughout the day as well
this goes on velvety
but i do like that it is thick and creamy.
does give me a little glow
the spf is gentle enough
has an even creamy look to it
your skin texture is more supple softer vibrant with a healthy glow
feels nice and creamy without feeling greasy.
my skin is radiant and it feels softer.
she is fair skinned lots of freckles
she definitely had more of a glow
it's great for for both mature and youthful skin.
it also, leaves my skin silky smooth.
even tones your skin
my skin is milk chocolate brown
makes your skin radiant without make-up
this is a great creamy moisturizer
it seems to be brightening my skin
evening my skin tone
so my skin glows
works beautifully under makeup
it brightens my face
this moisturizer is of an amazingly airy
leave a slightly ghostly sheen on your skin
i like the texture
it leaves you with a dewy glow
can at times makes face look shiny
has a nice duey glow after using it
the scent isn't strong at all
my skin has a "dewy" glow...not oily.
velvety feel diminishes the look of crows feet
my skin definitely looks better and more radiant!
i got a deluxe sample of this with a liquid eye shimmer thing
thought it was a cream eye shadow primer
didn't care for the eye shimmer
the beginnings of fine lines
i love the texture of this eye cream
youthful skin even at 60
this eye cream is lovely.
i love the texture of this eye cream
this eye cream is so velvety
this cream really brightens my eye area
gives smooth and velvety texture to my skin.
creamy at the same time
the skin around my eye looks brighter
no creepy "chicken" skin
the consistency is very light and silky.
it light the dark circle
it is creamy with just two small dabs per eye
feels like silk on the skin.
velvety feel to the eye area
the sample made me look like i'd slept serenely for 9 hours
it works beautifully on my friend
this creamy cleanser is very convenient to use in the shower
they are a bluish tint
really nice gentle cleanser.
this cleanser is the perfect blend of moisturising
this creamy cleanser was great in the winter months
it's a nice gentle cleanser that truly removes makeup
love everything except the scent.
is gentle on skin
the gentle cleanser is a staple in my everyday life
this product is sooo gentle on my skin
the formula is creamy
has a slightly pearly color/sheen to it
it's a nice creamy consistency that takes my makeup off really nicely
don't put it in your eyes for the love of sweet mercy
followed by fab radiance pads
less bright red after my face washing rituals
i also sub in the facial radiance wash that has a small amount of natural exfoliates to give the skin a nice all over glow
it smells like oranges
it's so gentle on the skin.
it has a creamy texture and is fragrance free.
this along with the skin creme is fabulous.
the smell is a bit odd
it has made my natural skin glow
it's so gentle on my skin
makes my skin look radiant and clean!
brighten my dark circles
perfect for her puffy
i love the cucumber fragrance
i think that's the cinnamon
the cool metal feels nice on the face
and lighted up the darkness.
the cool serum inside brighten my eyes
my eyes are brightened and not puffy.
it was refreshing and light.
i love the tingle of this product.
it's gentle on my skin
i like the subtle shimmer that helps hide dark circles
this producst is refreshing and cooling.
night it so soothing
creamy when dries lightweight
this has brightened my skin
making makeup application a breeze
the cream has no scent
it's a perfect canvas for makeup
it makes my skin glow
the scent dicipates once it soaks in
this product is so wonderfully soothing
it looks like i'm wearing a highlighter
my face looks dull
my skin texture appears more refined
it was a life savor for me
the lotion does have an odd odor
this moiseturizer is such a magical.
after two months my skin is absolute radiant.
it feels creamy but gets absorbed well.
i love how it looks under tinted moisturizer in particular
the texture was smoother
my skin is very light with pink undertones.
my skin still was pink
my face has always been super bright red like a constant sunburn
it does smell a little funky due to the sulphur
immediately i noticed a cool calming sensation
where this product shines
my cheeks are rosey but not red!!
with the rest of my complexion a transparent ivory
a creamy powder from benefit
it maintains my skin balance beautifully
my skin is seriously glowing
radiant by the next morning after using it
it brightens my skin again
it has a very silky feel
my skin is smooth and glowing in the morning!
my sun spots are fading
healthy glow that i am not used to
more beautiful skin in the morning
my skin was already smoother and more vibrant.
left it with a silky finish
gives you smooth radiant skim in the morning when you wake
this really does make you glow!
that's what makes you radiant
it is scent-free
my face is glowing
it seems a lot smoother, even-toned and bright!
also brightens my skin
my complexion is even more radiant
since after applying it your skin looks luminous
it goes on silky
kinda reminds me of the silkiness of smashbox's photo finish primer
on the "bright" side
i love the texture of the liquid
my skin seems brighter and more glowing also.
i noticed my skin had lost some of it's glow
my skin is dewy
my sheer make up glades on very nicely
couldn't get over the fishy smell in glow
everything just look bright
i love the perfect cleansing oil
this is the gentlest
this cleansing oil does a superb job in removing my mufe matte velvet foundation
i find it gentle
the fragrance is very light
my skin is clearing up beautifully.
it is gentle on my face
it is silky against the skin
the product does for me stop the shiny shiny sweaty look
plus i found it to be gentle
not perfumey or over powering
i love the matte finish
while i love the turnaround radiance renewer
the combo keeps the shine at bay.
the formula has a slightly creamy texture
it has a citrus floral fragrance
which smells both clean
shower gel has a light fragrance that i complement with my shower fresh rollerball
everyone seems to like this fragrance
even down to the lavender oil
i mix this with my nars sheer matte foundation
it smells kind of peppery
my skin feels like velvet when i wear this.
left my complexion looking less than radiant
non-greasy glow that i thought was unattainable for my skin-type
on the renewed youthfulness of my skin.
it was creamy, yet instantly absorbed.
it smelled very fresh.
leaves my skin with a nice matte
my skin looks radiant
it is silky smooth
leaves my skin feeling like velvet
luxurious feeling on your skin
it is silky smooth when applied
creamy and rich, absorbs to skin quickly though.
not too watery or too creamy
it's shiny when first applied
my skin feels dewy.
it comforts the skin and gives a lovely glow.
it's light and gives your skin a glow.
miracle worker feels luxuriously silky on my skin
this is the perfect thirst quencher for skin
than a strongly perfumed product
it has a gel/ creamy like texture
it has a nice gel/ creamy like texture
no scent is perfect for my skin
this moisturizer is extremely creamy
love the silky texture.
this is a creamy silky beautiful cream.
has an odd odor
the smell is a touch chemical for me.
i love how luscious
silky it feels when i put it on
this cream is super velvety
leaves a bit of a glow to your skin
somewhat silkier amd softer
my skin is more radiant
leaves your skin so radiant!
my fiance about how i have a glow about me
this is so gentle to the skin.
the cooling sensation is a little weird at first
and so gentle on the skin
it truly does have a pillowy feeling
it leaves my skin fresh
it is gentle on the skin
feels heavenly when massaging it in
my hg for a while now has been botanic farm's cleansing sherbet
led a smoky eye with ease
this gets a milky texture
i love that it's gentle and effective.
which i prefer to be more calming/soothing
has a lovely slip to it
it is super gentle on the eyes
it is a magical bottle full of unicorns
i find the scent
this product is so silky
your skin will feel softer and more radiant.
for my dry girls- this cleanser in combination with the drunk elephant la la retro whipped cream is the absolute best
tingly feeling that isn't overwhelming
silky on the face
after using this for two weeks my complexion is much more radiant
i love the smell and texture.
leaves my face feeling minty / tingly
not minty or tingly
i love that this product is so gentle
it's creamy and leaves you skin feeling fresh.
accentuating my fine lines
it is gentle, without a harsh smell.
my skin was glowing
in addition to that my skin is gorgeous.
love the cool sensation from the menthol.
especially in a steamy shower
it has a relaxing cooling sensation
this face wash is very creamy.
also some plumping & firmness & nice texture!
looks glorious in the morning
this product does give my skin a nice healthy glow
i did not notice any firming but loved the glow!
it makes my skin a bit shiny
my skin is glowing
i still like to tan
the hokey ingredient names
my skin looks almost flawless
it made my skin firm plump, and radiant.
every girl deserrves to be beautiful.
it is perfectly light
my search for the perfect lightweight moisturizer led me to fab
i like it, its nice, light moisturizer.
i mix a beauty oil with it
i loved the natural
my skin feels silky smooth
but the price is good, and it isn't scented.
gives me a subtle healthy glow
i love the texture of this cream as well
maybe love that silky feel
i love the silky smooth texture
perfect for oily skin even in summertime!
there is no color tint
the rollerball is cool on the eyes as advertised
soothing feeling upon application
i like the texture
brighten the eye area
there are no sparkles in this
this works like a charm
it will feel delicious
the formula is gentle on my skin
was in need of some soothing of my eyes
refreshing your eyes in the morning
plus, the rollerball feels so soothing and cool.
my skin had been looking less radiant
my skin was glowing
my skin felt like silk
still got compliments on my glowing skin
leaves skin matte when used under shisheido white lucent moisturizer
white lucent seemed to make my skin tight
this product made my skin become super silky
made people envy my skin now
it has a subtle illuminating quality making skin appear more youthful
i get an immediate smooth sleek texture to my skin
very touchable like powder
my skin feels like absolute silk
i just had such a glow
my skin was so bright
i like that it has a light scent
tingly or irritating in this product
it gives the perfect light moisture with a velvety feeling
my dark under eye pigmentation has lightened to a pinkish color
tone makes my skin feel silky smooth
white lucent brightening serum
the smell is like a bunch of roses
my face actually glowed.
made me glow better
it makes my skin glow
has almost no scent
it felt so luxurious
definitely gives a nice glow!
it settles into fine lines beautifully
leaves a beautiful natural glow
this makes your skin glow
my skin took on a beautiful radiance
it is however, fabulous for nighttime (bedtime).
it makes my skin look and feel beautiful!
my complexion was nice and smooth.
it was a bit gritty
my skin is glowing
i currently feel radiant.
it’s very creamy and smells wonderful.
leaves face soft and radiant as well!
silky after applying this wonderful serum
lifeless now it is glowing
my skin was suddenly radiant
my skin seems more radiant
my skin now looks porcelain smooth
after applying i can still get a subtle hint of the scent
smells clean, not floral or chemical like.
this product provides so much glow to my oily to dry skin combination
this moisturizer gives me such a radiant
dewy glow i love it
i also love the scent.
this moisturizer is silky creamy yet it does not feel heavy on the face
i love this lightweight cream.
it has a beautiful light scent that goes away quickly
the silk creme is very intensive
the sorbet is lighter
amazing jar for my vanity
my makeup sits wonderfully on top
i love the scent and the texture of the crème!
flaky in the winter
it goes away if you use a translucent powder to fight the shine
i would prefer a more cosmetically elegant formulation
plump up the complexion as advertised
it leaves my skin glowing
has a nice soft pleasant smell
it absorbs into my skin beautifully
the light fragrance is pleasant.
rich texture but not greasy.
soft skin with a lovely fragrance
the sorbet creme on 2 sides of my face
omg my fine lines disappeared i prefer the comfort creme over the sorbet because i felt some mild burning with the sorbet
it is magic for my skin
warmth in my cheeks upon cleansing
this cream is so soothing
when i wake up in the morning my skin has a amazing glow i highly recommend this product
exchanged it for the sorbet cream which is much lighter in texture
it feels perfect on my oily
creamy- you can feel the difference right away
it's given my skin a glow.will buy it again.
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it has plumped my fine lines
glow for a good 6 hours
i can truly see my skin more radiant
after a week my skin is beautiful again
this one is subtle
said its smells like roses
i don't like the smell of flowers on cremes or perfumes
yet moisturizing with a subtle fresh smell
creamier than the sorbet formula
it is lightly scented and goes on like a dream.
it's a lttile thick in texture
cool creme is light
goes on seamlessly like a perfect spa experience
i love the scent
i love the smell as well, it is heavenly!
it really hydrates and gives you a glow.
light texture, fresh effect.
this is an amazing eye sorbet.
the elegant texture is soothing
this has a light scent which i find pleasant.
i've tried all the trendy products like fresh
goes on silky smooth
dark circles and fine lines.
love this eye cream.
the dior hydra life pro sorbet eye cream works very well
the eye cream is light
it's a light jelly textured cream that goes on smooth
the dior 5 color eye shadow are my favorites
this is a light eye creme
the texture in like sorbet.
luxurious texture that feels refreshingly cool under my eyes
the texture of this product is divine--it's a hybrid between a gel
like i said, it's really fluffy.
not like a mousse, but like a silky nightgown.
it has a delicate smell
it is a refreshing comfort
this eye cream feels luxurious on my eyes with no irritation
its like a fresh drink of water
hydrating cream that helps me look bright eyed
lightens and brightens eye area in a natural way.
no eye cream really can re enact the youthful glow of a prancing-around teen-age lass
it is light-textured
the scent is quite subtle.
this cream is so light
that one is a bit liquidy
it's nourishing like a cream
it gives that area of my eye a bit of a glow.
this eye cream is wonderful with reducing puffiness
isn't overly fragrant either
still feels creamy on my skin without being greasy
it brightens my skin
now my once "greasy" skin just glows
beautiful texture, just soaks right into my skin.
and the scent is so dreamy!
makes it look dewy
so far, beautiful skin.
this product has me feeling like nothing can be more beautiful than my flawless glowing skin
i've also noticed my skin looking much more luminous
had its natural glow back
dior is known for their perfume like scents
vibrancy of my skin has transformed
my skin just glowed!
this has transformed the texture of my face
her skin is seriously glowing
my skin just glows in a way i cannot express.
my skin is glowing
the texture is really light
blusher just seem to be glowing on my skin
it works for me like a charm
my skin has a healthy glow.
i love the texture
my skin is now smooth and glowing.
it truly is a facelift in a bottle.
it will beautify your skin
giving it a natural glow
leaving a lovely healthy glow once use has progressed beyond a week
this really is a gift from the heavens.
mprove the texture of my skin
the radiance is shining through
i feel like my skin glows more
it leaves the skin looking radiant.
it feels luxurious and for the price, it should!!
my skin tone finally looks even and luminous.
within a week not only was my skin silky smooth
this is a bottle of magic!
it turns bright red
it glides on silky leaving my skin so smooth
the smell is delightful
my 61 yr old facial skin is beautiful
redhead and it has evened out the tones
this cream is so light
my skin is firmer and brighter.
my face feels delicious after using one essential
it gives really nice glow to my dull skin!!
even the tiniest half-pea-size amount foams to a lovely
liveliness in my skin
beauty flies in the face of reason
her skin is still bright
my skin loves this cream
the scent is very light, almost rose like.
my skin practically glows!
it still has a tiny hint of fish scent
love the texture of this
the fragrance was better
transparent golden glow if you pick the right color
my whole face looks airbrushed
however it does have a fishy smell to it.
very dark circles and very dry and crinkly.
it works beautifully there
there is an odor, but not a strong fish odor.
more like a metal smell than fishy.
brightens my eye area almost instantly
it's not the most pleasant smell in the world
concealer glides nicely over
brightens the eye area
personally i like the sticky tacky texture.
my eyes look brighter
i notice it brightens my eyes
this product’s scent is not too pleasant
i awaken to a bright, soothed eye area.
it smells like fresh melons
it has given me a more youthful eye contour.
brightens the eye area
this product has an inoffensive citrus smell to me
skin around eyes looks bright
i do also prefer a better scented cream
brightens the eye area
the delicate under eye skin has a brighter
my eyes look brighter
it makes my eyes look bright
it also has a great cucumber-y scent
the product does brighten the skin around my eyes
the only thing i smell is cucumbers
my eyes look bright and refreshed.
brightens up your eye area perfectly
truly keeps my skin radiant
perfect sun protection out here in the mojave desert
top it with laura mercier's tinted illuminating moisturizer
this product is gentle
i also love that this has sun protection.
it smells a little funny
silky skin--that is until i crossed paths with this moisturizer
no fragrance, which is fine.
i love that i get sun protection couple with gentle exfoliation
this has no scent
i want the sun protection
it looked beautiful under one
with makeup for a more polished look
this moisturizer is amazing fades fine lines
the smell is a little weird
it leaves my skin dewy
it just gives my skin a glow
this moisturizer is creamy
lovely in very harsh weather
so the smell must just be the natural smells of the ingredients
this is a holly grill for me!!!
great moisturizer not tacky or greasy.
nice glow to my skin
the sun protection is a great plus
it goes on silky not greasy at all
it gives my skin a nice radiant look
i love this product it is so soothing.
i am also using clear complexion tonic with botanical blast to tone my skin
feels light and smells neutral, almost.
feels wonderful on my freshly clean skin
my skin looks brighter
makes my skin glow
i love the creamy texture and earthly smell too.
it's very creamy and gentle.
it has kind of an earthy scent to it that i didn't like much at first
i enjoy using the product as its creamy
plus i love the smell of clay
it turns a wonderful milky texture
i love the smooth texture it gives to my face after using it
it smells, looks, feels like clay )) but it works
my skin is luminous
it has a nice herbal smell
this is such a gorgeous creamy
i love how gentle it is
i love the creamy clay texture.
the scent is so calming at the end of a long day.
ren describes this stuff as "gorgeously pleasurable to use"
the scent is unique and evocative of a spa.
it glides on skin silky smooth
has a nice fresh herbal smell to it
i much prefer this one than the horribly heavy scented ren rose cleansing balm
this cleanser feels creamy
this one, on the other hand, it lovely!
the texture is amazingly creamy
creamy texture of this cleanser
super heavy rose scent
it doesn't have the lovely fragrance of other products
smells a little like rose
this milky cleanser is gentle
i also love the smell.
i also love the scent.
it comes on milky
it just feels so creamy
silky on your skin
my skin is glowing
leaves my skin fresh and glowing.
it has a very earthy scent.
overall, super creamy and calming.
my skin feels silky
it's so gentle on my skin
this clay cleanser works wonderfully for both!
the lovely smell is so relaxing
it reminds me of clary sage
very strong scent of roses
i like this smell
it has quite a nice refreshing herbal scent
i love how gentle
looks radiant every morning
i love that it's all natural ingredients
found this product to gentle
i like the texture
this product feels like a velvety primer
smells very herbal and pleasant.
it is lightly scented
makes your skin radiant
my face looks beautiful
i love this cream i use airbrush makeup an it covers it beautifully
your skin is left luminous for days
my skin instantly looked brighter
it also leaves my face looking luminous which is a plus
this mask makes my skin more radiant and bright.
i wanted something to give my skin a natural glow without being oily
this gives my skin the most radiant glow
it makes my skin look luminous
live the smell texture everything
it does smell like oranges
which i like the smell of oranges
it smells like a mixture of oranges
it goes on lovely and smells delicious!
makes my skin look beautiful
that it smells like orange creamsicles
keep my skin bright
it isn't greasy and leaves a nice, soft glow.
it hydrates and makes my skin glow!!
it's like an orange ice cream!
i love how it's so creamy but not too thick.
nice smell that's not perfumy
the smell is not overpowering at all
this one smells nice too like orange creamsicle.
it smells very citrusy
smells like orange creamsicle with a faint hint of sunscreen
love the light citrus smell every time i apply with no lingering sun block scent
gives the skin a dewy finish
does have a light citrus smell
i love the citrusy smell too
your skin feels like silk
it has a very clean and organic scent to it.
it feels so creamy
great smelling for a creme with spf
love the smell and texture of this cream.
it leaves a nice radiant glow
has a great orange/citrus smell
suffering from hot flashes
smells citrusy which is nice in the morning after i've washed my face
the sun is unforgiving
i think the citrus smell is fresh
i hate perfume scents.
this moisturizer smells like oranges.
a gentle cleanser and that's it.
it's beautiful and this product is magic.
it smells clean to me
has a very light orange scent
makes my skin velvety.
rich, creamy and nice fresh fragrance.
i love the fresh scent
fragrance reminds me of a creamsicle.
gives me a nice glow
fresh start eye cream
it looked fresh and dewy.
the creme smells good
has a luxurious creamy texture
it looks very white
love the gentle scent of citrus
it has a light citrus scent.
it does leave your skin with a sheen/shine
have a dewy look all day
the scent is a light orange one
i find it unobtrusive
instantly makes your face look luminous.
like sunshine in a jar
this moisturizer is creamy
gives it a natural glow
it also gives me a very glowing dewy look
this product works wonderfully
it has a wonderful citrusy smell
has an orangey scent
my skin is brighter
it's too creamy for my skin
my skin is smoother and has a nice glow.
i love the scent - softly orangey.
the smell is relaxing and refreshing!
wild rose skin brightening moisturizer
the smell is heavenly.
my skin is dewy
i loved the airy feel of the product
the way it smells
loving the sheer transformation moisturizer
the scent has a nice citrus
it is thick, creamy and smells great.
it is creamy and rich and smells like oranges.
it goes on your face like silk
this provides an amazing glow that last all day
it is lovely as a serum under your night creme in the evening
so that i have back some of my youthful glow
the two products together make a magical cocktail
my skin looked luminous
usually one drop each time before my repairware uplifting cream
it is smooth & bright.
wish it also refined skin texture
hum, hope it is the same formula.
it helped the texture of my skin
it brightens up a little bit of skin tone
i also like their tinted product.a lot!
in the texture of my skin
has a very subtle scent that smells like tea
it goes on beautifully
i splurged on this lovely little cream
i usually like fresh smells
i think my undereye area looks brighter
this eye cream is wonderful as it feels so creamy
yet not tooo creamy that it clogs pores
they were not good for my delicate skin the way the creme ancienne eye cream is
becomes creamy when it hits the armth of yur skin
everything seemed kind of "goopy."
ten minutes after applying this i cannot stop touching my undereye area because it is fascinatingly baby-soft
underneath tarte smooth operator amazonian clay concealer
i noticed its scent reminds me of cucumber
my complexion is more vibrant
foundation always glides on
sinks into skin beautifully
it leaves my skin silky
my face feels like silk
it is creamy but not greasy or thick.
the product is wildly rich, yet light and airy.
the moisturizer has such a velvety feel to it
it is very creamy
after that it's lovely
this is more like a "creamy" gel.
my skin feels like it just drank a tall glass of water
i love that it has no scent
luminous without any greasy or oily feeling
i actually work at massage envy which carries murad products
my face looks dewy
wake up feeling gorgeous with a more even -toned
it has almost no scent and is so creamy.
it's not magical,but it is lovely.
left my skin feeling so silky
i assumed i would be sacrificing the feel of a luxurious face cream
skin is radiant after using it morning
glowing love love love it
this facial cream is silky
it is so thick and silky.
it has a lovely fragrance
thought the peony fragrance would irritate my skin
it's a rich, creamy cleanser that works gently.
the scent is so lovely
i love floral scented cleansers
this fresh smelling cleanser is wonderful.
it is gentle on the skin
leave my skin silky smooth.
the fresh fragrance is a treat morning
i imagine a field of pink peonies
i love creamy cleansers
the smell is light
it has a light scent
this is a wonderfully gentle
soft smelling cleanser perfect for winter months
it's pure luxury in a bottle.
makes my skin glow
the scent is heavenly
also makes my skin glow
minuses:-strong peony fragrance-doesn't clear completely from make up
perfect for a dry skin-smooth silky skin after using the product
it makes my skin silky
from the scent to the texture to the way my skin feels
this makes my face so vibrant
the scent is so light
when i had combo to oily skin this was perfect.
it has an almost minty feeling
it gives you this luminous look to your face
has a nice natural radiance to it
gives me such a glow.
i just prefer a more luxurious
made my skin all glow-y
sea-like scent that's really subtle
bobbi brown - genius / miracle stuff.
it has a very clean smell that isn't overpowering
this cream is so light
it gives me a dewy look
provides a pleasant cooling sensation
with a hint of cucumber i think
my skin looks radiant
it's the perfect face cream for summertime!
otherwise the packaging is divine
the cons: there is a strange cucumber-like smell to this cream
i love to couple it with my bobbi brown tinted moisturizer
this one has pleasent fragrant that is not too synthetic
the glow that i get from bobbi brown's cream is all what i need
in the morning i wake up to beautiful skin
love this eye cream.
it is a staple for me along w fresh black tea eye cream
my eyes are bright
it feels like pop of beautiful hydration to your eyes
jus statred using it in hopes to make my eyes more vibrant
it melted into the skin beautifully
brightens my dark circles
the perfect amount of moisture for the delicate skin around your eyes
love this eye cream!
i love the texture
i've never tried an eye cream that feels as silky
it goes on creamy and settles in very nicely.
leaves your skin feeling silky
love this eye cream.
witch hazel witch is what helps smooth the skin
the packaging is gorgeous
concealer go on wonderfully
my concealer went on effortlessly
my under eyes feel like silk after using it.
lovely scented bubble bath/shower gel.
the nice light scent is pleasant
the fragrance is a subtle
it's got slight lemony scent.
divine scent--when i found this face wash
it has a nice pleasant very light aroma.
has a light pleasant scent.
my skin seems brighter
it appears more radiant
gives an overall glow to my complexion
a beautiful natural radiance will come through your skin even if it isn't currently sitting on the skin
it gives your skin its natural youthful glow back
i look radiant and glowing and fresh.
love how it smells!
it has a wonderful, calming scent too!
my skin looks airbrushed
i love the scent
the luxurious feel of this cream
he says it smells nice as citrusy
my makeup applies beautifully over it
it smells amazing -- fresh
my skin has the right amount of glow.
it smells very citrus
not cakey at all
almost decadent to apply to the skin
it has a subtle very fresh scent
it helps my foundation look beautiful
smell it since it smells so gooooooodddddd
i love the lemon scent too.
almost looks like i'm glowing
if you don't like heavily scented products
its very soft and creamy and hydrating.
a light lemon/citrus scent
such a pleasant clean smell.
has a nice orangey smell
the scent of it is light with some citrus notes
it's moisture and smells good.
the ingredients are also divine
it feels so luxurious on my skin
it doesn't accentuate oilier areas of my face
it smells like a dream
it smells like lemon
it smells like pledge furniture polish.
the saleswoman described the scent as having a light "lemony" which isn't inaccurate
sometimes i get a faint citronella-type smell
scent of this cream feel luxurious
i love the scent.
a shining beacon of hope for oily skin women like me
a smells great, very subtle.
has the most refreshing scent
i smooth it on with a beauty blender
this works amazing to help with inconsistent skin textures
this ensures that all my makeup goes on beautifully
the product also has a cool sensation that i love
she says that she loves the way it glides on her skin
to brighten her skin a little
works like a charm for my combo skin!
gave me that natural healthy glow
my combination skin would start to get shiny by
it moisturizes and keeps my skin looking bright.
feeling remind me of the origins night a mins cream
vibrant skin is what this product gives me
primes my skin so beautifully
it's an effortless glow is the best way to put it
i swear my skin looks more dewy
i like the lemony scent.
even my cream contour, it's perfect!
my skin looks seamless
as i don't like the smell of geranium
the lemon scent is pleasant
t's a bit heavy for me for daywear
the scent is light and relaxing.
i will even wear this under my foundation for a dewy glow some days
i can also dot it on my cheekbones over makeup for a "glow"
the fragrance is alluring.
the description states there is a scent of lavender
scent is lovely but strong, if you're sensitive.
neroli, patchouli, sandalwood and some lavender.
love this stuff and the scent is heavenly.
i don't mind the scent.
goes on thick, but feels luxurious.
it is more of a natural, woody, patchouli smell.
it just makes my skin bright and smooth.
this oil smells like lavender sinks in quick moisturizes
neroli, patchouli, lavender, and sandalwood.
while i think the blend of oils is nice
i love patchouli so that's no surprise
the scent is light though
silky my face is when i wash it
this is so soothing
like an earthy citrus
its a fresh scent which is hard to describe
its just a hole at the top of the elegant glass container
very earthy with the patchouli
the lovely sweet honey smell of the neroli balances it quite nicely
feels so luxurious on your skin
it gives me a nice dewy glow all day long which my skin has been lacking for so long
i love this delicious oil.
it has a very pleasant fragrance
you must like the scent of patchouli
light texture that provides a nice sheen to the skin in addition to protecting it
leaves a soft glow in a few minutes
very silky, does not leave your skin greasy.
it smells so refreshing!
le the strong smell
it absorbs well, softens skin and smells amazing.
it sinks in, and smells amazing!
in the morning, my skin is smooth and glowing.
this works like a charm
the bottle is a joy to use
scent is refreshing as well
the area looks brighter
the texture is luxurious
nothing holds a candle to this product.
creamy thick eye cream.
helped with fine lines and crepe-y skin.
i think it almost reminds me of something fruity like bananas
the texture is really thick
love this eye cream.
luxurious for my delicate
this eye cream takes the cake
fine lines are plumped
it was worth it, it's sooo thick and creamy.
it feels comforting, soothing and firming.
my dark circles are lighter
afteri liked the tinted balm i came back for skin care products
love the youthful appearance that i have after application
awesome even saggy skin is firm.
ladies, this tightens and brightens.
it has an odd smell
it goes on beautifully
have youthful looking skin
the result was velvety matte.
i pat it out to blend it
or you'll get a white "wash' surface glace
toned with some rose water witch hazel
gives you a polished look
lovely scent without the junk
crepe like appearance under my eyes
this is like a facelift in a tube
i wanted it natural, gentle and repairing.
smells subtly refreshing, not overbearing.
it comes out dewy
my sun spots have faded
ren products work beautifully together
this one is lovely
this one of a kind serum envelops skin in pure goodness
the scent is very refreshing
i love the light scent
it literally quenched the thirst that my skin was feeling
which always results in face creams feeling tacky
it has made my skin glow
perfect moisturizer for intense co winters.
the scent is very lovely
the texture is divine!
it has a very subtle scent.
there's a very light fresh smell
it does have a faint smell
it leaves it very radiant
has a gorgeous whipped textured that really sinks into the skin
love, love, love this "sorbet" moisturizer.
it is light in texture
the vinosource sorbet fits the bill
it works beautifully under makeup
still have my face feel airy
i love that slight citrus clean smell
my skin has never looked more radiant
it wore nicely under makeup.
it must have sparkles in it
my face shines bright
it does something magical to my face
my face almost glows!
it is an odd texture
a wee wee tiny bit on the tacky side
it also makes my face look so radiant after application
absorbs into skin beautifully
it doesn't smell like flowers or "ocean breezes"
while it is soothing
smells amazing but goes on so light and velvety.
my skin is classic combination
helps to brighten your skin
makes skins so soft and smells delicious.
it is very light and has a nice subtle scent.
light moisturizer that feels soothing
this is my goto moisturizer for sunny days.
my skin literally glows
depend on it to help my skin produce a youthful glow
my dewy, fresh, bright, firm skin was back!
only without the tint
already i am seeing a nicer glow to my skin
this one glides on effortlessly
love the way this gives my skin a sheen without looking greasy
ing that it is basically a lotion version of a baby quasar red light
instantly makes me look brighter
had a healthier glow after just one use
is a bit shiny under bright artificial light
moist spf moisturizers make my face very shiny
my skin gets an instant glow
it actually gets more of a glow after i've been out in the sun
it applies very creamy
my skin is looking ageless
this plumped my face
gave me a wonderful dewy glow
i liked the texture
it smells kind of fishy
i found the texture to be amazingly silky
as for antiquing effects
i really like the texture and the sun protection.
seems to make my skin glow in the sun
it works like a charm
i love the cool rollers
helps brighten the undereye area
my eyes look instantly refreshed
goes on a little shiny
i wish it had some kind of subtle scent
smells very floral also!
the rollerball feature is soothing to the undereye area
make my face look more radiant
it plumped my skin
my skin feels so smooth and radiant.
the fragrance is super light
it gives that nice subtle shine
it smells so delicate and heavenly.
love how it smells!!!
it goes on tacky
it has a beautiful light fragrance to it too!
this moisturizer is so creamy
the smell is light
loved the smell of this
doesn't have a strong odor
this moisturizer sinks into my skin beautifully
the scent is so light
i also like the smell.
a fragrance free version of this would be perfect
oh my sweet baby cheeks
the scent is overpowering
my skin was silky smooth
smell is light and not overwhelming.
perfect for wearing under makeup
it creates a beautiful smooth base for my primer
this moisturizer is so rich and creamy.
leaves shimmer on my face :
pleasant texture when applied
a very subtle scent that is fresh.
i also use the sephora luminous primer
the fragrance is pleasant
the smell has a little perfume scent at first
my concealer is definitely gorgeous with it
it smells so fresh
i like the scent
it almost seems to illuminate my dull skin
i love the way this smells
everything felt silky smooth
it leaves my skin smooth and luminous.
brightens around my eyes
lightens my dark circles
creamy/rich with light scent
00 la prairie duo white caviar solution
the cream is like silk
her face is flawless
blend/warm a bit with my right
lip contour rengenerating cream has nice luxurious "just thick enough" feel to it
because of the iridescence in their formula
the gold shimmer in this products lights up my face
they smell amazingly fresh
the face cream has a silky texture
it's a lovely line of products.
wears beautifully under makeup
this cream is so light
it gives me radiance
this lightens my dark circles
adds luminosity to my eye area
it gives me instant brightening
is light-reflective which is great for dark circles
the cream feels like a fluffy whip
lightens my dark circles
love this eye cream
which are red pinkish from being extremely pale
texture of the cream are super luxurious as well
love this eye cream
for my dark circles
it has a subtle sheen that detracts from dark circles
it is a light delicate cream
the packaging is very luxurious
the texture is luxurious
has a luscious yet absorbant skin feel
its texture when applying is so luxuriously creamy
creamy with no residue left on the skin
it's amazing on dark circles
i look bright-eyed and awake.
the texture is luscious.
lightweight, leaves my skin feeling like silk.
i love the texture
the premier cru the eye cream is creamy
leaves my skin feeling silky
this oil cleanser is perfect for a gentle
leaves my skin dewy
the makeup is gorgeous
while my skin is dewy
my skin is silky smooth
this purifying oil is like a tall glass of water for my skin
there's something in this cream that just makes my skin glow
a very luxuriously rich cream.
it's perfect for the summer for my oily/combo skin
my skin feels silkier than with the sheseido.
this cream made my face glowy
it layers nicely under the laura mercier tinted moisturizer
this cream goes on silky
had a creamy texture that absorbs very quickly
can deal with a faint smell lingering around
but cream is very luxurious and not scented.
it's a very fine line between feeling bright
very rich and creamy contour cream!
it makes my eyes look more youthful
this cream just feels so luxurious and heavenly.
lines an gives my skin a radiant look
hydrating and radiant after each use!
this cream is rich
gives me a nice illuminating sheen
i love the creamy texture, leaves my skin dewy.
love how thick and creamy this cream is.
this creme is rich
is perfect for dry sallow skin
this anti-aging cream feel luxurious when putting on
more vibrant every morning after i use this product
the smell is clean and fresh.
product is creamy without being heavy.
makes makeup look flawless
i love the fresh scent
evenness to my skin tone
after using it for 2 days found myself rejecting my $315 la prairie radiance eye cream
plumps delicate eye area
love this eye cream because the texture is amazing
the packaging is gorgeous
looks lovely on my vanity
vibrant like never before
awkward jar has fine tuned my h
this gel smells nice
this eye gel is just lovely.
smells delicious and works wonders!
loving this eye gel at the moment.
the gel-cream goes on lusciously
like most scents do
the formulation is lovely to use
the scent is super light
it's just creamy enough for my dry
it leaves eyes refreshed and dewy.
it's a fabulous eye cream
my eyes were so bright that i didn't need a concealer
the texture is a rich cream
a tiny touch is all it takes to blend in
the texture of this gel is amazing
makes my concealer go on effortlessly
softens lines and brightens eye area.
face looks very radiant the next morning
it has a silk like texture that glides on your skin without irritating
i think it's like a light nature perfume scent
it was glowy and silky looking.
it makes your foundation glow
i usually don't like scented face products
i love the clean smell of this
my skin had a natural glow to it
my face starts to look shiny
there are no strong fragrance
perfume-y fragrance to be relaxing
it might not be for people who prefer no fragrance or fruity smells
love the light scent
texture of this face cream
fluffy texture of this moisturizer belies what an effective skin softener
it is a lovely moisturizer
it does have a scent to it
my face felt very beautifully naked -- not heavy or gooey at all
there is a slight perfume smell
wake up with beautiful glowing skin
my skin is much more radiant and even.
feels so silky going on
i love the scent, which is a plus.
it also smells like cologne
the fragrance most of you are smelling is very strong it is not a synthetic fragrance though it is the 6 different botanical that make up such a strong scent
leaves the skin dewy
the scent makes it have a luxe feel.
my make-up glides on beautifully
it smells like green tea
on days i want to wear makeup i either wear a bb cream or my becca aqua luminous foundation
silky texture that feels like it's penetrating
which is just 3 oils-apricot
excellent under the amore pacific moisturizer
the becca barely there "foundation" now looks gorgeous on my skin as you need glowing skin to use the barely there becca product
the touche eclate to brighten my under eye area
my skin is more luminous
this product along with all of the amore line will brighten your skin
give you a youthful appearance
my skin feels velvety
looks radiant after use
look like the color of your skin
i love that this feels so silky on my skin
i love how silky smooth my face feels
love the honey smell
it makes my skin glowing.
the texture is lovely
this serum has a silky texture
it is not tinted
it gives my skin a nice diffused finish
shocker : it works wonderfully
in general just makes my skin feel like cashmere
also, used under makeup it works beautifully.
your skin feels satiny smooth after using this
my skin is not as shiny
it glides on silky-smooth.
it made my skin feel so silky smooth instantly.
it does so beautifully
lightened my approaching sun spots
it gives my skin a glow ad i do not have one wrinkle
makes my skin feel zippy
the first night i could notice a rosey color in my cheeks
wake up with vibrant, youthful skin.
keeps skin youthful and toned.
the rose smell is lovely
refreshing in the morning
it works like a charm
velvety feel it gives you
i also was a sun worshipper
this one has a lovely
my husband noticed the "glow" that same day.
it adds a beautiful glow (hue) to my skin.
and the scent is very pleasant.
has a tingly effect when first applied
my skin feels tighter and more radiant!
acyl is pleasant to use
the smell is pleasant
actually look porcelain-like
i took away a star due to the scent which was more medicinal than pleasant
the smell of it is like a tumbler of bourbon
so yes, $95 is steep, but my skin is gorgeous!
i am a redhead with fair skin that is sun damaged
it has a light texture
my skin seems bright
my skin looks smooth and radiant.
very light, no scent, lovely product to use.
my skin looks more radiant
my skin has more radiance
it works like a charm
it makes my skin just glow
my skin has a healthy glow
dark spots from the sun looks lighter in color as well
the skin visually becomes darker
because my skin is glowing
my skin has that glowing
radiant quality that i haven't seen in years
gave it a beautiful glow
also makes skin glowy
the texture of my skin had chaged to a nice smooth texture
my skin is very pale
my skin looks fresh
renewed radiance of my skin
have lost my glow
had a more youthful glow
like cotton with a hint of vanilla
the texture is rich
my skin looks brighter
my skin just has a glow!
prevention to all you lovely young flawless faces
lovely moisturizer that seems to have helped my skin retain a more youthful appearance
i wake up with bright subtle skin
the moisturizer is silky
love the texture & smell.
it is silky smooth.
the luxurious texture of this moisturiser
it may sound strange
nice balance of a fabulous moisturizing
my skins feels rejuvenated and silky.
i love the rich creamy not greasy feeling.
my skin was glowing
radiant after a few weeks of use
my complexion looked fresh and bright!
this cream makes fine lines
this cream makes my skin look radiant
my face has taken on a radiance
i love how radiant my face looks after using this
perfect light natural scent
it also smells great and leaves your skin silky.
for flawless skin results
this is a wonderfully rich moisturizer that soaks in quicky
the cleanser is very creamy
it has a sweet smell to it that quickly fades.
this stuff is silky
the first thing i noticed was the silky texture
my skin looks smooth and has a glow.
this cream feels rich
my skin feels very smooth and has a nice glow.
my skin has a bounce to the texture
this product is soothing
it makes my skin glow
the moisturizer absorbs beautifully
the texture was alive
i like the fresh scent
i began to glow a bit
it makes for skin perfection and lovely glow!
it really does give your skin a youthful glow
brightness in my skin
this moisturizer goes on super creamy
this cream is super light
gives me a good sun protection
it leaves my skin radiant
on freshly-washed skin it can be a little tingly
no funny scent from the spf
it goes on creamy
i really like the texture and scent.
makes my skin feel and look beautiful.
has a faint scent that fades quickly
has a very soft pleasant fragrance
feels glorious on my skin
cooling and refreshing, i just love it <3
purple coloration after use
i notice it definitely brightens my undereye
this stuff smells like moldy cheese
i recently upped my concealer game to the nars radiant creamy concealer
more luminous the next morning
the darkness has lightened
the complete eye renewal balm from algenist has brightened
it is creamy and also does well under make up.
smooth and rich without greasiness.
even in bright sunlight i don't see the fine lines that had started to extend to my upper cheekbones
smooth texture and not greasy.
the smell is lightly fragrant
i love the whipped, creamy formula.
i can feel my eye skin was brightened
nice texture, great hydrating, brightening.
applies beautifully under makeup it's not greasy or watery at all
the skin around my eyes looks brighter
make my eyes appear more lively
it has a faint milky smell
it hydrates the entire orbit area fabulously
nice primer for eyeshadow
a nice eye balm for under day makeup
it went on just gorgeously
i blend it with my fingertips
this firmx eye is magical goes on nicely with a nylon brush
mix it with a darker shade of your make up
they should make tinted versions for different skin tones
it's not the perfect lasting facelift we dream of
i like the lightness of the eye formula
it gives a youthful appearance to the eye area
arcadia turned me on to these products
i like this texture
blends beautifully into my skin tone
like an airy putty
i love the invisible bright shade
it has a matte finish
still use the "deep" tint
my skin looked flawless
it also gives my skin a dewy glow
it goes on silky smooth
it got a little cakey
blend with your skin tones
leaving a silky matte finish
has that sort of slippy silky siliconey feeling which not everyone loves
this covers them beautifully
this has a nice silky texture.
very silky texture that blends in well.
tones down the oil
i love the silky feel of this
invisible bright will make you look like a porcelain doll
it creates a matte finish
creating silky smooth skin
just smoothes out your entire face like a beautiful canvas
silky skin feel- foundation glides on effortlessly after application of perfector
it is a light texture
it is a light fluffy texture
i get the colorless one
the invisible bright actually does just that-brightens
it has a matte appearance
it gives my complexion a soft brightening glow
love the invisible bright
adds a softened matte look
it slightly brightens/lightens my face
it brightens my complexion
this glides on super smooth
sort of leaves an airbrushed effect
more so with the invisile bright
my skin is dreadfully pale
was going to buy the invisible bright version
this glides onto the skin like silk
would love to try one of the tinted versions
i blend some light perfector
some deep perfector to get a customized tint to match my skin
the invisible bright is completely colorless.
it leaves a smooth, matte appearance.
silicone gel texture that leaves skin velvety
it gives a subtle brightening effect
in the light tint
makes a great base for my tinted moisturizer
leaves my shiny t zone looking matte.
love the scent as well :)
gentle on my skin for cleansing
it is a little tacky feeling
not overpowering to mask a chemical smell
this product smells like orange lifesavers
it smells like candy too!!
love the grapefruit smell!
leaves your skin clean and beautiful
this cleanser is super gentle on my special snowflake skin
i love the scent
however, argan oil has a very distinct smell.
radiant without looking glossy
improved skin texture/softness
this cleanser is gentle
then the tarte maracuja oil
my skin is a lot more radiant
it is so gentle
perfect for delicate eye area
i feel absolute sublimity when messaging this silky cleanser onto my face
it is heavily fragranced with a citrus-like smell
it smells so yummy
my face looks fresh
it smells like oranges
it washes off beautifully
feel the richness of the product
my skins softer and dress dry and crackly.
it went on warm and smelled great!!
has a nice citrusy smell and gets the job done.
it has a very pleasant scent that i enjoyed.
all while looking youthful
i love smell its like cucumber.
adds beautiful luminosity to my skin
this moisturizer is great, makes my skin glow.
the scent is light
it’s very creamy and great in the winter.
it is very fragrant
it's super light weight and has a pleasant smell.
plus it smells divine
adds a nice radiance to your skin, love it.
the smell is pleasant and lightens the heart.
however this one gives the same beautiful glow to my skin for $20 less
i pair it with "it's potent" eye cream.
the packaging is adorable and unique too!
but the scent is clean and refreshing.
the formula smells light
as a bonus, it has a lovely light scent.
the scent is fresh, but a little too fragrant.
it's very lightly scented
i love the refreshing scent
it smells really nice, fresh and citrusy.
goes wonderfully under makeup
the scent is something i'd love to have as a perfume
it gives her a really natural glow
the bottle is gorgeous
but is very fragrant.
leaves it feeling dewy
the pale green glass is really pretty
the glass is surprisingly thick
helped brighten my skin-tone.
makes my complexion look absolutely radiant
it even adds a youthful glow to my face
i love it, and i love the light cucumber scent.
and the bottle is lovely.
the scent is light and clean.
i can smell the freshness
plus is smells lovely!
it has a light scent that fades
also love how the cream is not overpoweringly scented
has a very pleasant scent
it smells slightly of roses
such a fancy face cream
it is an indulgent item housed in a beautiful glass jar
it feels almost fluffy or mousse like when applied
this one just smells delicious
it's a very sweet, floral smell.
the container is adorable
this product truly quenches
woke up with the most radiant
it made my face smell fresh
has a light pleasant scent.
the smell is light
i love the scent
it does have a strong fragrance
i find it quite pleasant
the glass jar that it comes in is super cute
in addition to the scent of this product which i love
really quenches the skin thirst.
i would compare the scent to burt's bees royal jelly
first, i love the scent!
the packaging is adorable
it also smells delicious without being overpowering
this also had a nice fresh scent to it
creamy moisturizer that gets the job nice.
such a nice aromatherapy-like relaxation quality to it
so appreciate that it is creamy
has a lovely smell too
it is a lovely, lovely cream.
by morning, my skin looks fresh.
the light scent is soothing
the scent is pleasing
also the fresh lotus eye gel
i looked like a sad clown with dark brown tears.
gents with dark circles
i like the texture
i love the thick texture
creamy without breaking me out at all
love the texture of this eye cream
it left a really bright white/bright patch on my skin
loved it yet i use it in conjunction with my favorite vine eyes from the grapeseed company
seems like it brightens
people are constantly complimenting my skin for how bright
it is a brightening cream
brightens the under eye area
dark circles are fading nicely.
this eye cream is lovely.
it has a nice thick non greasy texture.
it's very lightweight and silky.
it has a herbs smell
boy this cream is magic
i don't mind the scent
as it smells natural to me
the texture when it dries is amazing--velvety
i think the yellow tint also helps with coverage.
it feels a tiny bit tacky at first
just lovely for sensitive skin.
this is jurlique's hidden gem.
it looks so much more radiant
really gave my skin a nice "glow
my skin was bright
i want glowing skin
also, leaves my skin glowing.
beautifully with no irritation
my complexion is brighter
my skin looks plumper
the scent is not displeasing
my skin looked dull
it looks brighter and smoother.
the difference in my skin texture
my skin felt like silk
has a nice lavender smell
this is magic in a bottle!!!
it's nice and creamy and goes on very smooth.
my skin looked fresh
bright after one use
the scent is refreshing
it is not a harsh polish
i love kate's products and this one is pleasant.
my eye lids feel like satin :)
does not get funky under concealer
the white lucent had a slight fragrance to it
when i was using shiseido's white lucent eye cream
well worth the price for trying to keep a youthful glow
the texture is light
very creamy and non irritating.
the natural smell of it is not pleasant to me
now my eyes have a glow that is beautiful
brightens around my eyes
it looks so cakey
t's perfect to layer under makeup
it leaves skin looking brightened
no scent to it, which i love!
the scent is a little odd at first
as it wears lovely
makes my eyes look rested and bright!
this cream is so gentle
without any odd color or light diffuser effects
i like the consistency of the product it is creamy without being too thick
loved this eye cream.
creamy as other br
provides nice soft illumination
i've had laurier mercier's eye cream which was luxurious
too illuminating for my fair complexion
exaggerating the lilac shading i have naturally in the area at the corner of my eyes
gentle on the eyes and feels amazing!
it made my face the perfect palette for makeup every day
it kind of feels like the apricot nut scrubs
it smells a little bit spa-like
other than that beautiful product
gave me the nicest glow
sort of like a fruity cereal
it has a grainy texture
feeling so soft- my skin looked radiant
i don't like "gentle" exfoliants.
its gentle without the chemicals.
now that i use the whole radiant line
this definitely leans on the grittier side for an exfoliator
skin was left glowing
it smells very refreshing
it has a citrus scent to it
has a nice citrus scent
the first was very grainy
the second was pale orange
plus it smells like orange creamsicle
leaves my skin glowing
it turns into a creamy
it has a faint orange aroma that is nice.
as a companion product in the radiance regime it delivers perfectly
now it's super foamy and not so "grainy."
the last tube was great and "scrubby."
i love this scrub i love the smell it is nice like a sweet orange pinapple
the texture is fab it is so airy
my skin is glowing
the fresh fragrance makes it like a complete facial in one tube
this left it radiant.
leaves my skin glowing
love the citrus smell.
it leaves my skin smooth, clean, and bright.
the scent is amazing (citrus).
the scent is lovely.
it feels so nice when rubbed in gentle circles on the face
it really polishes my skin for an immediate glowing shine post-rinse
smells so delightful like all ren products
creates a lovely lather to cleanse
has a quite pleasant citrus scent
this scrub smells delicious
like an orange creamsicle
this leaved my skin incredibly smooth
has an awesome citrus-y scent
it smells like tang
the smell is simply lovely too!
brightened up her skin
it makes my skin look brighter
my skin was glowing
it keeps my skin looking bright
because my tastes change
makes my skin look brighter
it's left me glowing.
leaves my skin plumped
softens my skin to perfection
just fresh and illuminated skin!
now has a glow/shine to it
i am getting so many compliments on my "glow"
my skin glows and is super smooth and dewy.
makes my skin glow
my skin is glowing
its gentle without the chemicals.
now that i use the whole radiant line
smells like raw pumpkin, love it!
this was more of a "i just did a cleanse" glow
my skin is finally glowing
my skin looks glowy
every morning my skin has looked a little more radiant than the day before
it was a little tingly for a few seconds
it smells faintly of orange blossom
find it pleasant to use from that aspect
gorgeous my skin looked after applying it
i keep getting compliments on how luminous my skin is
my skin is literally glowing
my skin was luminous
had radiant and plumped skin.
my complexion is brighter
my skin looks so bright
i like how it makes my skin glows
i also love the smell- it has a distinct scent of an orange
radiant tone to my skin
the serum smells like overripe peaches or apricots
bottom line: it works beautifully
also notice a more healthy glow.
feels really luxurious on skin
i would recommend to anyone who wants to look a little more luminous
the serum itself has a light citrusy smell that is enjoyable to apply
it kind of smells like paint
there is no scent
it even appears more radiant
the smell is wonderful too- a light orange/floral scent
absorbs quickly, and feels silky all day.
love this eye cream!
fell in love with this crème
my skin seems to love this cream
brighten the skin around my eyes
love the smell also
so rich a creamy and goes on like a dream!
works great as a daytime eye cream
this face wash has that pearly noxzema feel
it's own perfect smell
the smell is divine
beautiful rich cream with a great smell.
its even brightened my genetically dark circles.
it smells a little like suntan lotion which i love
it is so creamy
is the perfect texture
velvet yumminess worked wonders on my dark circles
luxurious without being too greasy
this cream has been a good balance between creamy
the creme is very thick
it blends so nicely into the delicate under eye skin
love this eye creme
i love to have the feeling of my eye cream being rich
i also like it's rich in texture
it brightens up my dark circles
super creamy, not greasy.
the texture is super creamy
it is super, creamy, lightweight and not greasy.
this has a heavenly light souffle like formula
a little dab is all you need- it's silky
this cream plumped it up
my skin is just so bright
you're in the palace being pampered
removes make up wonderfully
this one is really gentle
the plasma has a strong fishy smell that lightens up through the day
it has an olive oil scent
it is super gentle
my skin is glowing
it works like a charm
it has a baby-powder like scent that bugged me
my co-workers complimented how "radiant" my skin looks
glowing because of this cleanser
that's how gentle it is
this gentle cleanser is perfect for my skin
this sound gentle enough
this product is so gentle and calming to my skin.
has a healthy glow to it
i like the creamy texture
goes on like silk
truly one of the most beautiful oils in sephora.
this eye cream is so gentle
it smelled like chamomile tea maybe?
this felt so nice and luxurious on my face.
it's perfect at nighttime because it makes me sleepy
this is a great alternative and very creamy.
creamy but light in texture.
doesn't enhance dark circles with a shiny look
it's a lighter cream for day
i love the texture
it feels silky going on
a product that gives my eyes the illusion of a goodnight's sleep without scent or sensitivity
much improvement with my lovely allergies.
brightened all around my eyes
i do look it for it's gentleness.
seems to be a gentle formulation.
no strong smell, no strange coloring.
make me cry this is so gentle
still feels so creamy
it leaves your skin toned and a firm texture.
this cream is gentle
isn't sticky or tacky
i now have an inner glow
it's an amazing primer too'n leaves my skin so silky
your skin will be glowing.
i mainly went in to purchase nars sheer glow
dewy on its own
can turn bright pink from the slightest irritation
i love the texture of it
it makes my skin shiny
gives me a healthy glow
seems nourishing like it's name
gentle with very subtle scent
the cream is dense
cannot wear scented products
as this product leaves a bit of a shiny film behind
i like the texture
it's firmed my skin
it made my face tingle
it is very rich and devoid of fragrance.
produces beautiful results in less than a week
my face still felt velvety smooth
glowing with no breakouts
has a great healthy glow to it
my skin looks more luminous
it transforms my dull
was in search of mega gentle yet effective moisturizer for my 50yo
no watery eyes from fragrance either.
well i am one of the many shades of brown
my skin is a golden/medium/olive tone
people with olive skin tones
anyone with darker skin tones could benefit from this
lighter skin tones will win with either one
it has a pleasant smell and a smooth texture.
it smells like melons
i like the warming effect, very gentle.
it does have a relatively strong herbal smell.
it is very earthy
the frosted glass jar feels heavy
i think it smells luxurious
earthy in the best way
smells divine and makes my skin glow.
it feels so luxurious
it smells really earthy
radiant make-up base
this cleanser smell strongly of flowers
love the texture of this.
the smell is nice; natural, slightly citrusy.
i found the scent to be pleasant.
amazing balm cleanser with delicate scent.
left my face looking beautiful
more heavenly hungarian mud for the rest of us
it has a slippery consistency which looks like something of naphtha origin with a distinctive omorovitza smell
reminds me of an earthy smell
this balm was heaven.
absolutely leaves my skin glowing is very gentle
the oiliness has improved
the smell isn't as pleasant as the eve lom cleanser
loved the earthy spa like smell
it's gentle to the eye area
it leaves the skin with a nice glow
the smell is a strong orange citrus scent
i like it, minus the scent.
smells like oil with citrus
i put it on my face, and it felt luxurious.
which is, glowing, clean skin.
this slippery balm is gorgeous!
it smells beautiful and heals too.
my skin feels lovely after washing with this treat
my eyelashes stay perfect
has brightened my skin
it removes makeup like a charm.
this one is really creamy
in fact it smells sort of on the sweet side
i got this cleanser after finishing my origins frothy checks
gentle yet gives you that "squeaky clean" feeling you crave
i love the gentleness
has a nice creamy texture
its creamy it doesn't strip your skin of its natural oils
i liked the creamy texture
as far as a scent it’s a very faint natural scent
i love the texture of the product
makes my skin glow
always leaves my skin looking bright
it feels silky smooth when lathering
it is gentle pearl like creamy texture
love the texture: creamy/milky with a great feel while smoothing over skin
i find this cleanser to be a pleasant surprise.
it was like a creamy lotion consistency
this stuff is gentle
has brightened my skin tone
love the smell & texture.
it is pure perfection
smells very mineral-y.
nice gentle face wash
has a fresh scent too.
even with a little glow
my skin glows after
it's so gentle, not super foamy and light.
this gives a really nice glow to the skin
creamy enough to see the difference--helps with acne problems
this cleanser is gentle on my face
it is more radiant
makeup applies beautifully on top of it.
silky never breaks me out
very slight weird odor that almost smells fishy
the results overpower my dislike of the scent
my skin glows more by the day.
as cliche as it might seem: radiant
leaves my skin glowy
very soothing, brightening, and calming.
your skin will be bright
the glow lasts all day too
aging skin look bright
my skin has never glowed so much!
yes the yellow one --
my skin looks luminous
it's smoothes out wrinkles n i can see a glow on my skin
i like my moisturizers to be creamy and mousy.
i love the lightweight texture
and my skin feels dewy and glowy.
i love the texture
it's a wonderful cream very velvety
soothing really magical for my older skin
i wake up with radiant
i've switched my foundation from makeupforever's matte velvet to nars` tinted moisturizer
my skin is just naturally beautiful
i love the way it smells
sort of a green floral scent
my face had a beautiful glow
my skin is almost glowing
i wake up with my skin beautifully smooth
it gives my skin a nice healthy glow
i fell in love with how silky
i wake with a glow.
this cream makes my flaky
i rotate this lush
the moisturizer is silky
gives a nice glowy radiance
i find these subtle
my sin is really glowy and bright now.
nice light citrus scent.
it's creamy without being heavy
my skin is looking brighter
the scent is light and natural.
the texture is creamy but not heavy.
the overnight restorative cream is magical
it has a subtle scent
luxurious feeling cream that sinks easily into your skin
the scent is very pleasant
fresh with notes of things like cucumber
in my laugh/smile zone
in the morning my skin looks dewy
it's texture is perfect
this cream makes my skin glow and look supple.
my skin is brighter
i can't believe how radiant my skin looks!
i do feel my skin looks more radiant
it feels so silky
it is more of a souffle than a cream
if i wanted a nice glow in the morning
the fragrance isn't overpowering to me
it is a pleasant scent
they gave me sample of amore pacific moisture bound sleeping recovery masque
the masque wasn't greasy and very light weighted.
i wake up with a nice glow in my skin
keeps my skin dewy
the smell is fresh and i like it.
have you smelled the blue plasma by perricone
i think it's pleasant
glam glow thirsty mud
the scent is refreshing
makeup products with strong scent
if they can change the scent to a more pleasant one
the scent is strong
i think this product is all around luxurious
gives me a glow the next day.
i prefer the scent from boscia
one thing i don't like about it is the smell it's a really strong floral scent
the fragrance is lovely
it glides on with a silky
i also feel that it makes my skin a little more radiant
my skin really looks bright
the smell is noticeable but is pleasantly so.
the smell is gone
love the light feel and clean scent.
i gave it 4 stars because of its overwhelming scent
because the scent lingers for some time
this masque is amazing
my skin is bright
it's a perfect post-clarisonic night creme.
the product has a strong floral scent
it has a nice, light, gel like texture.
this is a perfect beauty sleep product!
it smells very refreshing
i love the smell also
you wake up to velvety smooth skin
wears beautifully under foundation
as i was smelling it
i've never seen my skin look so luminous
this cream gave me skin a brightness
i love the gel-like texture.
my skin is fresh, bright and supple each morning.
luxurious when you smooth it on
a terrible side effect was the flakiest
loved this night cream!
it looks more youthful
it always leaves my skin looking radiant
i love how creamy this product is
light fragrance, smooth texture.
this moisturizer makes my skin glow
makes my skin dewy
my skin was radiant
it makes my skin look dewy
this product made my skin glow on the first use
skin has become more radiant
bright in the morning
my skin looking so much more radiant
creamy enough to give you great night time coverage
leaves me silky smooth
makes the skin glowing
that i was glowing
love this night cream.
i love the smell and its simple.
the feel of this moisturizer is silky
your face will be radiant by morning
i wake up and my skin is plump and glowing.
it's very smooth and creamy.
my skin feels silky
silky without that oily feel
it feels so so silky
my skin looks fresh
"plump" in the morning
i feel like i have more of a "glow" when i use it
my patchy skin is smooth and bright!
it also has a pleasant scent to it :)
it's light with a fresh fragrance
dewy all day long
the texture is a little thinner than the aqua fusion
i love the pump design and the smells.
the odor is fresh
it tastes like soap
greaseless texture make this an awesome eye makeup remover
the scent is light
i wear dark layered eye makeup
it smells similar to a artificial flowers scent.
i has a very nice, floral smell, which i love.
squatty bottle doesn't work as well as a tall
i enjoyed the color
loved this daytime eye cream!
instantly brightening and smells so amazing.
it has a very citrus like smell
noticed dark purple blue rings under my eyes
if you don't enjoy orange citrus scents
however the product is a pearly-colored cream with subtle shimmer
when i blend it in around
almost looks like a subtle highlighter
it's very pearlescent like the inside of a seashell
i enjoy the slight tingly sensation when i apply it
it seems to depuff and add a subtle glow.
the origins ginzing eye cream doesn't have a citrus scent to it like the other ginzing priducts
it's a pearly pink color
this cream smells amazing like oranges.
so this was a pleasant surprise
the shimmer was the perfect amount.
love this eye cream.
it gives you a pearly glow.
brightens up your skin
gives your undereye such a wonderful glow
the texture looks very creamy
with this product you'll automatically see a pearly sheen which helps with the brightening effect
gives a nice glow to my under eye
it has a great citrus scent
refreshing whith a great citrus morning scent
this product is super creamy
the brightening flecks definitely add some life to my skin
ever-so-delicate brightening shimmer that makes you look alive
puffy eyes appear brightened
it has the slightest shimmer
i love this lightweight eye cream
it brightens the undereye area
love how bright and refreshed i've been looking!
the citrusy sent was immediately energizing
leaves a really nice sheen to the skin
the light pink color of this cream really helps brighten my under eyes
refreshing and really does brighten under eyes!
the smell is intoxicating
the product has a refreshing smell
this eye cream has a great, fresh scent.
i do wish it was a little creamier for nighttime use
have a glow-- there is a bit of a "shimmer" in the product which i wasn't sure about at first
just adds to a glowing finish
gives that refreshing effect
oh no it has shimmer
this product is refreshing!
this eye cream is magic!
is supposed to be an illuminating under eye cream
just a little tingly near the eyes
because of the pinkish color it does brighten up the under eye area which is great whether worn alone or under makeup
i love the scent
leaves them looking bright
if i tilt my head to the side i can see it glisten
silky smooth finish of this eye cream makes it great for wearing alone or using before a makeup application
the product also contains super micro shimmers that illuminated my eye area
the glow from it was enough to peek through foundation
leaves the skin around the eye radiant
it has a tint in it that brightens up my dark circles
it helps brighten my undereye area
it has a very iridescent shimmer
when applied to the skin it leaves no sparkle/shimmer whatsoever
i experience dark circles
i think it gave my skin a great glow
it keeps my tired eyes looking bright
it does contain micro luminescent particles
unlike the moisturizer it isn't as tacky or thick on
i love the consistency of this eye cream.
this eye cream was like a breath of fresh air
really loved this refreshing eye cream it instantly bright in my eyes feels really refreshing smells good citrusy smell
depuffs under eye circles and brightens eyes.
it smells citrusy so wakes your eyes right up!
instantly brightens your eyes
when layered over a good de-puffer this makes me eyes really pop
i love the scent
excellent eye contour cream.
i love the peppermint-y smell.
the scarring has left my complexion less than beautiful
it smells great and lathers wonderfully.
the spearmint adds an awesome cooling/soothing sensation to the skin
it's a very calming product
frothy is definitely the right word
the wash smells minty and fresh.
i love how frothy it is!
i love the scent.
keeps my skin bright
this cleanser is gentle
love how frothy it gets.
my skin is always radiant
it smells great and is frothy.
it feels really creamy and cleanses well.
the texture is lovely.
it's very minty/eucalyptus--y
it's a really gentle cleanser
calming like tea tree
the smell of this face wash is amazing!
earthy smell that wakes me up in the morning
mild minty scent, nice foam and works great.
i love how frothy and foamy this face wash is.
it feels very silky
this face wash has a fresh minty smell
it smells minty, but it doesn't tingle.
the smell is light
i like the texture of it
i love the scent
i feel as if my skin looks glows after
the best part is the minty smell!
it has a light lavender/mint scent that is so soothing
foams up well with fresh minty scent.
i love the texture and scent as well
i love the frothy-ness.
the smell is minty and invigorating.
it is silky smooth yet leaves no residue
leaves me with glowing fresh skin
plus it has a light pleasant fragrance.
its like a minty smell
a colleague even complimented me on my beautiful complexion recently
the stopper gives you the perfect little dot to rub into a blemish
it smells like chili peppers
for $20 it is comedically tiny
from a dark skinned girl's perspective
tingling sensation this gives
tingly when you put it on
i also love the smell, really natural and earthy.
often this blend works like a charm
he has beautiful skin.
i love the smell and feeling on my skin.
it does leave a nice dewy look
loved the smell too and the cute jar.
citrus with a little strawberry?
it smells like starburst made their own face cream
my skin seems silk
this product makes my skin glow.
its the perfect creamy hydrating texture for a night cream
the smell is great, very subtle citrus.
this one for me is calming
it goes on velvety smooth
it most definitely brightens your complexion
silky texture and beautiful finish.
this cream smells delicious
it seemed to leave me a bit shiny
very uplifting in the a
my skin is brighter
instantly saw a fresh glow
the scent is fresh and clean, not overwhelming.
i love how silky
softer skin that glowed
starting over is a pleasantly scented
light and fruity but does not linger.
it always leaves my skin looking beautiful in the morning
i also purchased the new shiseido radiant lifting foundation
the radiant lifting foundation goes on like a dream over this product
gives a very nice soft diffused glow without looking oily or artificial
it's smooth, refined, and has that "glow."
it makes my face glow like a barbie doll!!
it has a pleasant smell
it has a thick creamy feel and smells great!
the smell of this is invigorating.
i love origins because of the scent.
the smell is so soothing
does seem to make my skin glow
the texture looks smoother
this product has really made my skin glow
its light texture makes it nice to wear
it felt like the astonishing silky-softness was from a primer-like coating on top of my skin
the texture is so luxurious.
it also smells refreshing and delicious.
leaves my skin looking more healthy with a nice glow
lightens my dark spots
as well as having a lovely scent this serum goes on so smooth
it smells divine no old lady scent whatsoever.
the mega bright serum didn't seem to make my skin greasy
the scent is relaxing
the smell is heaven
earthy smell of the product
never oily, but always sleek!
it smells like oranges!
the ginzing is a little shimmery
makes my skin feel so silky
it had a citrusy scent and has a nice texture.
besides the amazing smell this cream is light
it definitely is a thicker cream with a heavy scent
smells like a popsicle to me
the scent on this cream is a light citrus
creamy enough that i could see it making a huge difference in this area
it's got a vanilla-orange scent that is so fresh.
nicely scented moisturizer to finish off my skin rituals
you wake up with a healthy glow
it has a citrus like smell.
the smell even though it's pleasing
it has a nice light scent
i swear there was a glow.
i happen to like orange scent
when i wake up it looks very radiant
has a strong citrusy smell
like oranges with a hint of cocoa or something.
i especially like the smell of this cream.
the smell is absolutely delicious, like oranges.
it's a luxurious cream that goes a long way
will make you crave oranges/tang like no other
it provides a fresh glow for the morning after
this night cream is lovely!
had a great orange scent
has a faint citrus smell that i like
your skin looks luminous
it has a relaxing feeling and scent.
i wake up looking radiant
my face look radiant in the morning.
this cream is heaven in a jar
i love the citrus smell of this cream!
it smells like fresh oranges.
i wake up with a smoother softer more vibrant face
this cream smells delicious
the scent is light yet amazing
the smell it's soft very distinct.
and the scent is amazing!
first off the smell is like an orange dreamsicle.
gives it a certain glow
it has a light scent which isn't overpowering
i love the texture.
not greasy, just lovely.
this product smells like heaven
i didn't like the scent although very subtle at first
the fragrance is pleasant
it has a very pleasant fruity scent
although this is a rich cream
it has the gentle smell of oranges
it has a pleasant citrusy scent that isn't overwhelming
it smells like oranges
it leaves my skin feeling like velvet!
the orange/citrus smell is a bonus as well!
leaves a great glow without it looking oily on your face
gorgeous, rich cream that smells heavenly.
provides a wonderful firming plump to my skin
overall evens my olive
awake to smooth, radiant skin.
this is a beauty staple for me.
this nighttime moisturizer leaves my skin velvety soft
and it smells like orange which is good.
did i mention the fresh white tea scent is amazing too?
love white tea smell
gentle on your skin
it leaves my skin silky smooth
luminous my skin the next day it will be glowing
very faint white tea fragrance
balances" frothy cream cleanser
it's creamy, foams nicely, and cleans deep.
their products are gentle
it smells like a bowl of juicy ripe citrus fruit
the scent is a citrus/bergamot scent which i love
this item had an appealing citrus smell.
it smells almost like an orange creamsicle with a hint of pepper
feels so silky on my skin
the scent is lovely
plus, i think it kind of smells like a margarita!
it is really creamy and gentle on the skin.
i also feel my complexion is brighter
balances frothy face wash
the scent is very light to me and calming.
the product it's self is super gentle
because of the smell of it
it feels light and airy.
it has a funky smell
it is creamy and a little bit goes a long way
this cleanser is gentle
leave my skin very sweet
this cleanser is gentle
it has a light scent
really love the fragrance.
i love the smell and texture of it.
the texture of the product is light
i love that this has a nice grapefruity-orangey citrusy smell
i love that this rinses nice
without an abundance of moisturizer alongside them i flake like crazy
produces a nice creamy foam
has a refreshing typical 'origins' scent
i love the ginzing refreshing eye cream
gentle on the skin.
gentle on my hypersensitive skin
boscia clear complexion cleanser w/ botanical blast
it's very clean, fresh and slightly masculine.
and the smell is pleasant and fresh.
nice cleanser for nighttime.
leaves skin feeling truly silky
leaves you with refreshing skin
i do think the white glam glow mask is better
it makes it glow
i enjoy the slight tingly of this mask!
i love all natural
this makes my skin glow!
the first aid beauty red clay one
my skin was clear and glowing.
leaves me feeling fresh
i also enjoy the subtle minty smell
this mask glided on so nicely
my skin instantly looks smooth
sits beautifully under makeup
i love the fresh smell of this cream
this is delightfully moisturizing
slightly like cucumbers which i love
i love how refreshing this eye cream is.
it is refreshing to see the wrinkles fading
does de-pouf quite well
i love the fresh smell too.
this is a creamy product that does a fantastic job of moisturizing the delicate under
in the morning my the skin around my eyes still feels silky smooth
it has a slight cucumber scent.
looks beautiful under makeup.
the fresh black tea eye cream
it also smells like water
i did like the nice, cool tingly sensation.
i love how gentle it is
love this eye cream
it's a nice creamy consistency that isn't too thick
doesn't have a strong scent
love this eye cream.
it smells like cucumber to me :
it smells like fresh cucumber which i love.
it also has a nice light cucumbers scent.
i get a very teary eye in the wind
the smell is pretty pleasant
softens that delicate area
it has a very nice light cucumber fragrance as well
i don't think it brightens my dark circles.
i love the smell of this eye cream
it is creamy but hot overly heavy.
i love the scent
this has a light cucumber smell.
then chanel cream shadow over or the origins cream shadow in ?
i love the subtle fresh
fain aroma of cucumber which i love.
make my under eye area look radiant
the smell is amazing, its almost addictive!
beautiful oil free skin
went to lush for products however lush
leaving a faint herbal scent
bright my skin looked
the tone was brighter
it leaved my face looking brighter
he loves the scent
i found the scent annoying
it smells like herbs.
feels invigorating on the skin
smells good without being perfumed or medicinal.
really cleans well and the minty smell is lovely!
leaves me feeling fresh
it leaves my skin fresh
the mint leaves a lovely feeling on your face
leaves it feeling silky smooth
shine on my face
it's a super gentle cleanser
also love the smell.
it has a plant-y/minty smell to it.
the smell is fresh
it smells like apricots
glowing throughout the day
i wake up so refreshed and rosy!
everything i need to keep my skin glowing
the smell is pleasant
i've used glam glow overnight
it costs a fraction of what one pays for glam glow
and it smells amazing (a bit like peaches).
makes my skin dewy
i am glowing after using this.
it smells heavenly, and is very moisturizing!
that fruity scent just gives me a mental perk up as well
it has a really refreshing scent
lovely creamy rich mask, amazing aroma too!
my face just looks shiny
a plus side for me is that it smells calming
feels soothing when it's on
give the deep moisture to make my skin radiant
it has a nice mango-y smell
fragrance is very light and pleasant.
the creamy texture is soothing on the skin
both have a seriously delicious apricot scent
had a really gorgeous fragrance
it has a wonderful apricot scent
both masks have an apricot fragrance.
found that's the trick to truly luminous
the smell is divine
my skin turned from flaky/irritated to smooth/radiant
i forget that it's on because it is so creamy
the cream has a light pear scent that's pleasant
it has apricot oil
i think it smells like guava
i really like this mask its creamy
it smells great to like peaches
thank heavens it's natural too!
kind of like tropical fruit to me
she layered it on
wonderful product for a dry n flaky skin
even the apricot scent is refreshing.
it starts to smell relaxing
light with a pleasing scent
my face was beautifully matte
i found this minty smell to be super refreshing
you don't even know it is on - skin is silky!
i prefer a more silky touch
it works like a charm
the matte finish is perfect.
my face feels brighter
not greasy at all with fresh scent that is not floral
the smell is also amazing, reminds me of a spa.
has a wonderful subtle mint scent
it wears beautifully under makeup
i tend to look shiny
minty fresh smell that disappears shortly after application
love the minty scent too
the scent reminds me of aveda products
love the minty smell, so fresh on the skin.
i love the texture.
i like the smell and the consistency.
my skin looks brighter
light scent reminds me of being in the facial room
leaves my skin fresh
perfect for wear under make-up because it leaves the skin matte creating a great palette
balances frothy face wash + a perfect world = mind-blowing
my face glows now!
it smells a little herby but i can deal with that
leaves a soft glow and silky finish.
lovely mint-like smell that doesn't linger
my skin where i don't have any acne looked amazingly bright
this mask also smells like tiger balm
thus, it gave my skin a minty feeling.
it has a really thick whipped creamy texture
reminds me faintly of shaving cream
my skin is always radiant after this mask
a little tingly while it's on
this mask has a minty smell
the smell the texture the benefit for my skin !!!
i also really like the smell, it's super minty.
smelling this product is
it almost reminds me of volcanic clay
kiiiiinda smells like vicks which is odd.
it's almost like a lighter clay mask.
the scent is also very fresh and calming.
this mask smells like vicks
i love the way this mask smells
i get a healthy, clean glow without the shine.
perfect for relaxing at night
kinda smells like vapo rub
perfect for oily skin tones.
they just chilled on my face like bright red beacons of annoyance
tingly when i apply it
just wow my face tingled
keep in mind that the scent of this mask is not very pleasant
this stuff is lit.
tingly on my skin
it leaves behind a tingly sensation
it is very sleek, stylish and touchable.
he loves that the moisturizer doesn't feel too creamy on his skin
my complexion is glowing
the clean mild scent
i love the cooling sensation
it's not a pleasant smell either
love this eye cream.
found this to be much creamier
it's a translucent black gel with a bit of a golden 'shimmer' to it
i like the scent
it makes my skin feel so radiant
the minty effect after using it is very nice
it felt very silky at first
left me with a cooling minty feeling
the black gel reminds me of licorice
it had a minty tingling feeling when i put it on
it does leave a dark tint
gives my face a cool sensation.
the scent smells good and refreshing.
gives me a nice healthy glow when i wake up in the morning
it gives an instant cooling/tingling feeling that's very refreshing
it has a pleasant tingly sensation
i love the texture.
the dark color of the moisturizer really make my skin look dull
my skin does not have the beautiful youthful glow anymore
overall gained a more youthful glow
this was with me eating desserts
leaves a nice cooling tingle afterwards
love the gel like texture
it's cool to the touch
yellow against my very pale skin
i like the texture of this eye cream.
this goes on beautifully, really creamy.
cream has nice texture
has a nice light scent
eye area seemed very drab and dark.
this is a great moisturizer for your delicate eye area
it's gentle and has a very light, pleasant smell.
love this eye cream
it has a pleasant texture and sinks in quickly.
cushiony as i would like
i do love the silky texture
giving me a smooth palette for eye shadow application with no crepe-iness
above my eyes silky smooth
brightens your eye area
they make my skin just glow
my skin is brighter
the pads are nice and moist without being drippy.
women to help even out skin tones
these peel pads are fabulous!
i've noticed that my skin glows
gives my skin an nice tingly feeling
it makes my skin glow
my skin is softer, smoother and just glows!
it evens out the texture of my complexion.
the texture of my skin isn't as smooth
perfect gentle exfoliation with no irritation.
it makes my skin feel silky smooth instantly.
it gives my skin an awesome silky texture
the texture of this really is silky
my face is glowing
velvety soft, supple, silky.
i love how it glides on
with my radiance overnight cream has done wonders with my skin
this glides on like silk
this makes my skin glow!
putting it on feels like pure silk on my skin
have dull looking skin
my complexion looks brighter
radiant when i use this product
after about two weeks my skin looks radiant
i really had that glowing radiant skin
found out what "radiant"
my skin seems to have a "glow" without looking oily
my youthful appearance--yay
especially since i added clinique turnaround radiance to the cocktail
my skin just feels so rich and glowing.
gave the radiance renewer a try
makes my skin glow with radiance
my skin is brighter
my skin feels dewy after application
the texture of this really is silky
it leaves my face feeling silky smooth
have that kind of odor
it layers beautifully under my foundation
i pair this with glam glow daily clarifying cleanser
needs a glow in their skin
makes your skin glow the next day!!!
add in some lavender essential oil or something pleasant
this product goes on smooth and creamy.
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin craves this.
the texture of it is light
my go-to product for all my winter-skin blues
i wake up with smooth glowing skin
this product is weightless
it sinks in beautifully
the smell is a little harsh
the lotion smells somewhat like paint
also the jar is such a nice pale pink.
it makes my skin look youthful
the secret of beautiful face start from well moisturize skin
bright after using this product for one week
made my skin glow
i wanted something to give me a nice glow
beauty is skin deep
i prefer to age gracefully
her face was natural
dewy my skin is--which is a compliment at age 58
satiny on my neck
this product firms the sagging eyelids of this 60+ woman beautifully
i can now even use some light metallic eye shadows
it brightens the area
my eyes are so bright
this feels like a mini-facelift around the eyes.
it is making a beautiful difference in my makeup routine
viola-the puffiness is gone
viola-i look awake
it absorbs immediately with no shiny film
brightens the eye area
my dark rings are visably lighter
this product glides on
the texture fine lines were finer
i am using it with the clairsonic opal under my eye area
my eyes don't feel crunchy.
the skin looked bright
i love that this glides on fabulously
my eye's look more youthful and awakened.
glides on smooth, i like the texture.
it absorbs fabulously onto my entire face
it's definitely a lovely product for sensitive skin
makes your skin look matte not shiny
your skin will glow.
gives my skin a nice healthy glow
my skin looks brighter
gives me a bright smooth look
gives my skin a nice dewy complexion all day long
found this product to brighten my skin
it's a beautiful serum that feels light
just let the glow show through
my skin is glowing.
my skin also glows like it never has before.
its a lovely thick gel that heats up when you massage it into your skin
the gentle warm heat feels nice
it has a pleasant scent
my skin is brighter
i love the warming sensation!
my skin is brighter
i love the warming sensation!
it works like a charm
i really love this cleanser it's gentle
i love the warm feeling to it.
for the smell is quite faint.
after one use, my skin was radiant and glowing!!!
made my skin look gorgeous
at night paired with the clear complexion moisturizer
my skin looks bright and fresh after every use!
i feel like my skin has a glow to it.
is looking much more radiant
i find the warming feeling awkward
the warming sensation is pleasant
i love the warming sensation
i like the warming sensation
i also nice the herbal smell
the warmth disdolves dirt and oil.
the warming sensation is satisfying
has definitely helped tone down my oiliness
love the warm feeling of the cleaner.
left my face luminous
it makes my skin feel so smooth and silky.
keep your youthful appearance or get a more youthful appearance with a glow
the texture is creamy
no nonsense with the scent
it's like a facelift in a bottle.
the smell is faint
make up glides beautifully over
my skin appears smooth and bright in the morning.
like a really comforting souffle feel
i love a cream that absorbs nicely
my skin just glows
it almost has a soft glow to it.
this cream is very smooth and silky.
i started noticing my skin feeling more vibrant
cause her skin is glowing
my skin looks dewy
made my skin tone look ruddy
facial contours more youthful
the skin had some creepiness
i like how it tones my skin
glides into the skin in an unusual way
it makes my skin glow
smells like matte medium.
it gives my skin a healthy glow.
my skin is as smooth as silk
tingles tiny weeny bit
then my skin glows
this eye gel feels like heaven when applied.
it feels heavenly and is cool and soothing.
along with the fresh lotus eye gel
sparkly magic sounds here
i look bright eyed every morning
your eye area looks brighter.
using this is conjunction with the clarsonic opal
use color in my newly rediscovered contour
shiny around my eyes
absorbs quickly and smells pleasant.
( the scent is lovely)~!
it smells of a rose garden
the light gel texture feels amazing
it also smells delicious.
i love the way it smells
this moisturizer makes my face look so bright
i love the scent.
the scent is fresh with a slight fruit flower scent
smell as well as a floral smell
it smells refreshing and natural.
loved that it moisturizes while controlling shine
i love the scent, the texture, the formula.
it makes your face look dewy
almost feverish/ rosacea-ish type symptoms
it makes my face feel like silk
my skin has a slight glow
i love the matte finish.
how pleasant it feels on your face
the bright scent of this moisturizer
my eye shadow glides on
it does have a scent
its the perfect yin to my primer's yang
leaving me looking shiny
the texture of this cream is stunning.
almost whipped - very light yet creamy.
it smells like fresh clean flowers.
it's lightweight and smells divine.
it makes my face glow without feeling dewy.
its perfect for my oily tzone
this cream was fantabulous.
moisturizes without making my face super shiny.
it smells so fresh
the smell is like a light lemon grassy scent
my skin feels so plump and it glows!!
rather has the dewy texture of youth it once had
the texture of my skin
i like the smell .
i personally love its thick creaminess
a light layer of belief aqua bomb
by skin looks flawless
it's plump and smooth and i love it.
my skin looks dull
leaves your skin silky
your face feels like velvet all day
glowing skin like never before
takes off makeup beautifully
it makes my skin look brighter
i love the rose smell
it has a very pleasant smell.
the wild rose sleeping facial feels great
this mask smells just like roses.
literally my skin looked even and bright.
f you don't like floral scents
i woke up with soft radiant skin
the fragrance is very floral
just like a bouquet of flowers
i love the texture
the rose smell is a bit strong
the smell is heavenly and relaxes me.
i love the texture
it feels luxurious and absorbs quickly.
i would wear this scent if it was a fragrance.
love this night cream.
bright in the morning
that's a small price to pay to have gorgeous skin
love non-perfumey rose scented products
the fragrance does smell strongly of roses
the rose scent is familiar with the br
i love the rose scent also.
glowing in the morning
i am miss my old radiant skin i had while i was preggo
i love rose scents
my skin looks bright and awake.
it straight up smells like perfume.
i love rose scents
got it in sephora beauty sleep favorites.
i love this cream for its thick texture
the strong floral scent
the rose scent is overpowering
makes my skin feel silky smooth
if you like the very strong smell of rose perfume
it smells like roses
it's brighter and healthier looking.
it smells delightful if you like floral scents.
love this night cream.
the rose scent is divine.
makes my skin soft and luminous and smells divine
my one knock against it is the strong floral scent
also, it smells like roses.
i believe my skin looks brighter
loved the rich texture
the scent isn't overpowering and doesn't linger.
the rose scent isn't overwhelming.
this brightening sleeping facial works great to fade them
my skin was distinctly luminous
light rose scent, pretty good moisturizer.
i don’t like the smell
love the fragrance and results.
it's made my skin brighter
it makes my skin look radiant in the morning!
i also love the scent :)
my face feels so smooth and looks like it glows.
i love rose-scented anything
i like the scent
i love how my skin looks more radiant
it gives me a beautiful glow
smells just like roses
the scent is also very relaxing
perfect for a night time sleeping facial
the flakiness was gone
makes me skin look brighter
the fragrance is a little strong
it makes my skin feel bright
the glow it gives
it provides a beautiful glow to the skin
not an unnatural over the job glow like a lot of the newer skin care products have
plus i like the rose smell.
i always wake up with beautiful skin.
my skin look brighter
the scent is heavenly
the texture of the cream is lightweight
i love the way it smells
is soothing on my skin
the smell reminds me of a manzanilla cream my mom
it melts to an oil texture
my skin feels lovely
this is when it turns milky
my skin is moisturized, soft, and gorgeous.
you will adore the rich milky texture that develops
leaves skin feeling dewy and supple
this cleansing balm is very luxurious
there is a rose scent
leaves the skin silky and moisturized.
i loved the scent
the fragrance is a light floral
it smells amazing like soft roses!
it has a rose sort of scent that is totally relaxing
i feel almost decadent using it.
hydrates my skin wonderfully
it does lend a lovely finishing touch
if i liked the scent of roses better
if you like the scent of roses
this product is beautiful
i adore the mild rose scent
it feels super luxurious.
i wish it had the floral sense
the silky texture initially
this product is gentle
i love the texture
i would have expected it to smell of roses.
looks much more radiant
the smell is great salon gas you like the smell of roses
it's really pampering to use this balm with the warm cloth
it's so gentle on the skin
leaves it with a fresh
the aroma is a bit weird
the way this cleanser feels is just heavenly
the light scent of rose is beautiful
lovely rose scent and it is not drying at all.
you have a dewy glow
i love the rose smell it leaves on the skin.
this balm is a very gentle
it creates a nice milky consistency
the scent is pleasant
if you like rose scented things
the scent is heavenly
the texture is divine
i love the scent of this balm.
glowing after using this cleanser
it feels so luxurious going on
it works beautifully for this.
the muslin cloth it comes with is the perfect companion
my skin glows and i love using it.
i feel as though it's creamy texture has helped me battle winter chapped skin
was nervous about using a "creamier" type of product
i adore the balm for my evening cleanse.
the balm is lightly rose scented
the accompanying muslin cloth is exceptional
the smell is divine - like fresh rose petals.
radiant without being shiny
this product is my favorite beauty weapon for plumping the hollowness in my undereye area
have always had a skinny/dry face-- this product gives my skin the fullness
glow i always wanted
i like thw dewy finish.
my skin looks luminous
it's a go-to product for making my complexion look luminous
lightweight hydration that gives a definite glow to my complexion
gives your skin a dewey complexion
reminds me of the cool refreshing feeling of fine mist toner
my skin appear radiant
leaving my skin glowing
i look younger, and cheerful!
my skin is bright
this product is heavenly
but its definitely not a fishy smell.
i love the neutral smell
even fresh creme ancienne
glowing with less pores
it has a light smell of that fishy smell
feels like silk on your skin!
love the rich feel
i like citrus scents so this one is ok with me
it smells like oranges.
smells great 2. moisturizes and brightens skin.
the smell isn't pleasant
the smell is a little odd
i find the smell very pleasant
makes my skin glow!
absorbs quickly to leave you with a radiant glow.
love the scent - citrusy and refreshing.
the pungent plastic citrus scent was gone
that pungent scent was gone
leaving a natural citrus scent in it's wake
the light orange scent is an added bonus.
especially love this creme
this one absorbs wonderfully
i also like the smell
i think this cream is lovely.
it is a mild orange zest that fades after a few minutes of application
smell is kind of weird
orange is one of my favorite scents so to me the scent is absolutely lovely
the scent is surprisingly awful.
truth crème is the only moisturizer that really makes my skin lovely
it has an odd citrus scent
yes, there is a strong citrus smell.
it makes my face look healthy and bright.
it's smells what would smell a home-made beauty product
its perfect for night over the invigorating night gel
love the smell by the way
smells just like oranges
my skin is much more vibrant
my face as a great glow to it after starting to use this product
makes my skin glow
oh and it smells nice too, orangy.
my skin looks radiant
they both smell like citrus + dirty
the citrus scent is a little odd
my skin is glowing
this deals with all of those problems beautifully
as a night time creme it works perfectly i wake up with a glow from pairing this with josie marans argan oil
if you're not a fan of orange scented products
this isn't for you as it smells strongly of oranges
it is so light and refreshing!
i find the scent light
i can't say you look '20% more luminous
it's a fresh orange small
it's a thin consistency and orange-scented.
i love the smells of this cream.
another plus is that my skin feels extremely silky
it makes my skin feel like satin, instantly.
it hydrates beautifully even in the dry
yes it is somewhat citrus scented
it is a cool light textured cream
it smelled like "clean cotton"' love the way it feels
it smells lovely and really relaxes me.
the smell is a little strange
i love the scent
just to enjoy the scent
just a note about the eye crème with the same orange smell
it smells like an orange popsicle
it has such a lovely light citrus fragrance that gently subsides
fresh orange/citrus" scent
it's so light and airy and fluffy.
it has a v faint light scent
the scent is overwhelmingly peppermint
i love the scent of mint, eucalyptus, and basil.
it is superb for aromatherapy
origins' sensory therapy peace of mind on-the-spot relief is wonderful
$12 for a teeny tiny bottle of scented cream seemed absurd
the eucalyptus has such a fresh scent that i find the combination in this product so soothing
the scent of it is "soothing
the tingly feeling is amazing
the smell is soothing
the scent is amazing
the smell is so relaxing
the off white lotion is similar in texture to a light eye cream
my husband says that it smells only peppermint.
i think it smells more like eucalyptus.
i love the minty menthol aspect
it has a pleasant peppermint smell
the scent isn't to over powering.
the scent is so refreshing
it's a mini-getaway for a few minutes.
all of them just looked cakey
wouldn't blend on my skin at all
the only downside is that is smells a little funky
it is a great light moisturizer that makes makeup go on effortlessly
it smells clean and fresh.
my boyfriend has evened noticed a new glow
my skin was still shiny by the afternoon
the cherry on top is that it smells good--an earthy
followed by the rose marigold mist
they used the fresh rose floral toner
fresh without the harsh chemical smell or feel
smells kinda like cucumbers.
it really brightens your complexion
the texture is a little tacky even after it absorbs in
my skin looks brighter
this is a light and soothing mask to wear to bed.
ultra rich and creamy foam.
this face wash lathers up so beautifully it is the perfect product for clarisonic users
this cleanser is such a lovely product on the skin
creamy kind of lather with the smallest amount of product
my skin glows afterwards
the scent is clean and unobtrusive.
it smells nice and is mattifying.
it also leaves your skin feeling super silky
it also has a pleasant
the packaging is very luxurious
it gave me an overall light glow
leaving a nice matte finish
if you are oily this is a beautiful softening fluid
it makes the bb cream the perfect color for my skin since i'm very pale
it instantly brightens my face
the texture of my skin is not really lovely to touch after using this moisturizer
you do get a lovely cooling feeling when applied.
faint mint/spa-like scent
this product is refreshing.
fresh menthol like fragrance is soothing as well.
has a nice tingly feel
relaxing sensation to the eyes
i love the cooling sensation.
the boscia super cool de-puffing eye balm was recommended by a sephora associate
it refreshing my eyes
i love the invigorating feel of the product.
it has brightened and even toned my skin.
love the cooling sensation, soothing
i love the cooling sensation.
it smells good and soothing instantly.
little bit of a menthol tingle sensation under the eyes
i love the cool minty feeling around my eyes.
this is the only cream on the market that makes my face silky
glowy my skin looked
the scent is a bit strong
it smells lovely, husband likes it too.
this is a very creamy
i love the light scent.
it makes my skin so smoothe and lively.
silky cream that feels great going on
i received a deluxe sample of this lovely-smelling day cream
makes my face feel silky smooth
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
it has a light orange blossom smell like all of omorovicza's line
the texture is a georgeous gel cream that just melts right into the skin leaving it silky
the fragrance is clean
glow with radiance when using this product
it is light and fresh smelling.
my pores seem smaller and my face looks polished.
it has a nice light fragrance
natural instead of perfumy like lots of other products
illuminating for combination skin
from firmness to dullness to pores: everything
brightens my eye area perfectly
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
it is truley luxurious
i love the scent
gaze upon that magical lake
dare i say creamy texture that glides on your face
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
plus, the smell is divine.
the description says it's geranium scented
it feels like silk going on
glowing while previously dark olive
this is lovely for my dried up winter skin!!
the next morning my skin feels silky smooth
this is so soothing
no breakouts, just plump, happy, radiant skin.
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
it has a very earthy
this rejuvenating night cream is gorgeous.
ter it is very fluffy
by the way this moisturizer smells so gorgeous it has that almond smell it sweet
the cherry on top is how amazingly fresh
it's refreshing and very gentle on my skin.
love the smell and texture of this cleanser!
the foaming cleanser provides a gentle cleanse with a beautiful uplifting scent
i love the way this product smells sweet
luxurious without being overly bubbly
it does smell like clean neroli
its a lovely baby blue soap the foams nicely
also, smells great- spa quality!
this cleanser has a nice minty scent and tingle.
it gives me a little sensorial spa-like pleasure that i'm really enjoying everyday
love the foam texture
plus, it smells like oranges!
the cleanser scent reminds me of fruit loops cereal
the fragrance is lovely
gives me a beautiful hydrated glow
my skin literally glows
each product smells heavenly without overpowering
produces silky smooth skin
scent: i can best describe the texture as creamy jell-o that bursts into a rich
light orange-blossom scented foam
under makeup it works fabulously.
if i wanted to wear this without makeup i'd look like i went swimming in salad dressing
my face looks brighter
fading in sun spots with these products
literally always makes me glow
the smell is disgusting
the stench lasts just long enough to make me nostalgic about college food
tea tree, rosehip, you name it.
i actually have a glow now!!
i personally love the "earthy" smell.
my skin has never looked this radiant before
my skin glows when i wake up
looks almost like plumped
gives you a beautiful glow from within look
i love the scent it has, very organic and soft.
it smells straight up like oregano
i think it smells luxurious.
my favorite part is how i can feel my face gently pulsate at night after i apply it
i've noticed i'm losing that glow
luna had more of an aromatic smell.
the smell is a bit odd though
i personally love the smell--smells like actual seeds rather than artificial scents or perfumes
wake up with radiant
if makes my skin bright
it makes me glow
i smell like salad when i go to
the texture of my skin
gives you a nice glow all day
gives me an extra glow
the combination has transformed my complexion!
don't get me started on that glow girl
my skin looks so bright after a nights sleep
it mixes really nicely with foundation as well for a gorgeous glow
the scent is weird for me
compared to flora, i like this oil better.
expect this beautiful little bottle to last 2-3 months
amazing before makeup as well if you love a glow!
beautiful oil will always repurchase!
glowing skin that takes makeup better
i personally like the earthy scent.
it does have a scent
it reminds me of oregano
in the morning my skin looked heavenly
my face looks youthful, plump and smooth.
beautiful glow - never greasy.
look cakey no matter the means of application
the smell is distinct
it smells a bit earthy
the scent is clean
only dislike is the smell of oregano
juno is not only a beautiful moisturizer
it truly does give you an "obsession-worthy glow"
the packaging is gorgeous
i can really see the glow it gives
the raspberry oil even offers mild protection against the sun because of the raspberry seed oil
this oil gives your skin the most amazing natural glow
want to preserve the youthful look
all of them make my face radiant.
it has a light smell
it helps me maintain a great glow.
i actually find the scent bearable
i love, love, love this facial oil.
luminous during the day
as for the smell
then there's an added whiff of oregano
either way you get a bit of a dewy glow.
leaves it feeling fresh
this is a rich oil that is really luxurious for the face
gives your skin a wonderful glow
after just one use my skin glows
it smells like olive oil
this is a lovely oil
inhale for the wonderful green aroma
it gives me an instant glow
it gives me a healthy, natural glow.
pat a small amount of the oil on my face for a natural luminous finish
my skin is literally radiant
it smells like berries
i like the smell
it gives my skin a great glow
is the smell of oregano
gives me a lovely glow
leaves my skin feeling radiant
steady journey to beautiful skin
and my skin looks more even and bright.
also smells a little funky
nothing makes my skin glow like this!
it gives my face a glow that looks like i just was kissed by the sun
it's smooth, glowy, even and over beautiful.
my skin is brighter and more youthful looking.
it works like a charm
you feel your skin looks dull or uneven in tone/texture
it has a natural lemony scent that i don't mind
this makes my 42 year old skin bright
my skin sings with happiness every night
to me this stuff smells like citrusy vomit
luna oil have given me beautiful skin
it's bright, tighter and so smooth.
fades magically darks spots !
i love the glow that it gives my skin
brightens my complexion after applying
the smell leaves something to be desired
this helps my skin to look more radiant
dennis gross pads to pixie glow
textured skin immediately disappeared
it brightens my skin
it leaves my skin glowing
it also tingles a lot
people have complimented my makeup-free skin to tell me it's radiant
my complexion was plump
this makes my skin bright
my skin is brighter
gave my radiant skin
it brightens my complexion
my skin looked more radiant
it gives me such a youthful glow
and i iove the lemongrass smell.
my skin is pink and radiant.
my skin is dewy
as for the smell
i love the way this smells
it smells like some type of lemon mixture
luna has blue tansy in it
my skin just glows
has a strong lemongrass smell but i love it!!
it gives my skin an amazing glow
it leaves my skin with an amazing glow
this product is my holly grail
the smell is a wonderful lemon
my skin is more even and beautiful.
my skin is brighter
it's addicting to use- it smells incredibly fresh
tingles slightly on application
my skin has never felt smoother or looked more radiant
this stuff has given me my youthful glow back
give a nice healthy glow to your skin
it's gentle, and my dry skin loves this cleanser.
i tried it with the good genes and wow, the glow.
the smell reflects the natural ingredients
it was a great everyday gentle cleanser
note: the smell is definitely earthy
with the texture of my skin
the smell is refreshing
the smell is really earthy
it doesn't stink it just smells kind of earthy
it smelled very earthy
sort of earthy, almost food like.
my skin looked bright and definitely healthier.
it has a nice, earthy fragrance to it.
i am hypersensitive to scents
the clay does wonders.
the texture of my skin
i love the scent
i notice my face glow when i use this cleanser.
i think the earthy smell is fabulous.
since its aroma is all coming from the blend of essential oils
this face cleaner smells so amazing it feels like a spa moment when you use it
my skin feels like porcelain
the earthy smell of the cleanser is a good sign because it means that there are no added perfumes
it also brightens my skin
find it lasts all day affording a dewy look that i love
i do however like the iridescent finish it leaves behind
it makes my face look glowing
surely lose their youthful plumpness
the texture is silky
i wake up with silky skin.
it's like a subtle face lift
it would create some warmth
flaky which was strange
my skin just glows
i follow up with the first aid beauty radiance pads
sensitive in the sun
my skin also glows after using
gives it a nice glow
dense oil with strong smell
it gives an overall glow
my skin looks looks plump
in the morning the texture of my skin looks
it smells so yummy
like a baby peach oil
it's surprisingly refreshing for an oil
i love the scent
it's silky smooth and feels great on my skin.
it's gentle and smells pretty neutral.
my skin is brighter
had a fabulous powdery matte finish
this product gives my skin a doll-like smoothness
my eyes actually look youthful!
it was heavily scented
it makes my skin feel silky
i started using the clarisonic to wash my face with a gentle fragrance free
doesn’t leave that annoying shiny film on my skin
this formula is gentle
even better it dries to a velvety/matte finish
leaves you with a velvet texture
it glides on amazingly
pleasant smell unlike some spot treatments that could wake the dead
this at night after a gentle cleanse is my savior
this hyaluronic cream feels so fluffy
like that my face feels dewy
it has my skin looking glowing beautiful
gave my skin a glow
it's beautiful under makeup!
nice thick formula but not tacky.
i love the scent
after 2 uses my skin looks vibrant
goes on like silk
my makeup used to look cakey
it makes your skin literally glow.
it's very creamy and smoothing.
it has a bit of a scent
i loved the scent
even tried the thirsty mud from glam glow
i think something in the glam glow irritated my skin because it peels after using it
makes your skin look gorgeous without being greasy
my face looks so much more radiant
it's pleasant and clean, not overpowering.
it goes on beautifully
perfect for giving skin a dewy
absorbs quickly but is rich and creamy.
the smell is pleasant enough
it does have light scent
it comes in a cute pink/black top pot
super refreshing for eyes.
dark color under his eyes
this was refreshing and moisture my eyes.
delightful just out of the fridge!
their eye masks are heavenly
my eyes looked bright
the texture and cooling effect is so luxurious!
gives me a fresh look
it's cool relaxing in the eyes
this mask is a lovely
it's super relaxing while on
i can feel a slight pulsing of the skin
noticed my eyes looked bright
the refreshing cool ins sensation while applying it
my smile was beautiful
my eyes sparkled with content
soothing and relaxing really works
my eyes look like matching pink pillows
soothing, cooling and de-puffing.
when i wake up i have radiant skin
keeps my skin bright and clear.
evening my skin tone
because of the texture of the product
evening for even toned
made my skin extra bright
lush products for acne
reveal stunning supple skin
this serum gives you a nice glow
makes your complexion look fresh
skin has more of a glow and is softer.
my skin looks fresh
i don't like the smell it has chemical smell
pea size is perfect.
smells clean like the azulene in it.
absorbs quickly and has a light, pleasant smell.
very smooth silky texture.
is perfect for mix skin/oily!
this moisturizer feels a bit "tacky" to the touch after application
wake up with beautiful
except my boy is the perfect moisturizer
it's the perfect moisturizer for the winter.
make my skin look dewy
my skin feels impossibly clean
doesn't leave a shiny appearance
leaves my skin with too much "glow" for daytime use
it feels silky but is not greasy at all.
didnt make my face shiny.
it's light, and works like a charm.
velvety finish to my skin that lasted all day
it doesn't feel too thickly velvet like some stay matte products can
this makes me look flawless in office lighting all day
silky finish without over drying
it goes on beautifully
skin feels like silk.
this orange smelling cream evens out my skin tone
gives my skin a nice glow
with its mystery ingredients
gives my overall skin a glow
loving the the texture of my skin
light smells great and brightens my skin.
it has a light citrus scent
my skin tone has brightened
and the skin feels silky after applying it.
and the scent is orangy-devine!
this smells very pleasant
i woke up with translucent skin!
i like that it's packaged in 4 separate tubes to preserve freshness
my skin glowed more and was smoother.
my skin was glowing, firmer, and bright.
my complexion is more radiant than ever
have a great glow to my skin
made my skin brighter with a glow !!
it makes my skin feel like silk!!
this is a really nice, rich, creamy mask.
my skin looks brighter
makes my skin glow
better still has left my skin luminous
it has a lovely smell
it's light and hydrates beautifully.
the smell kinda remind me of a fresh vineyard
the smell is fine for me.
my skin adores this product from caudalie.
soothing stars gift set
i am loving how youthful
as cheesy as it sounds
more radiant than i've ever seen it
refreshing on your face
it's gentle and doesn't have a very strong scent.
it is so gentle
it leaves a light refreshing touch
the scent is subtle and doesn't smell artificial.
as an added bonus, it smells lovely.
my skin is supple and glows even more!
it pairs nicely with josie maran's light argan oil
sight perfume smell when applied
works like a charm and gives my skin a dewy glow.
i follow it with caudalie sorbet.
the mild scent is so nice!
my face looks dewy
this gives me a beautiful glow
makes the skin glow
no residue, no slick feeling and no shine.
it is not scented
smooth when used in conjunction with the sorbet
gives your skin a beautiful healthy glow if used consistently
the smell is amazingly natural
the smell is absolutely heavenly
as it adds shine
the scent is lovely.
i smell like this oil
the smell has a little bit of an earthy nutty fragrance to it
it leaves your skin so silky
the bottle is luxurious looking
this oil is lovely as a splurge
this oil makes my skin glow
i love that it sprays makes application a unique experience
the scent is so fresh
for me it's lovely
mixed with a bit of some elegant flowers
gives beautiful moisture anyhow
the scent is addictive, subtle and lovely.
the scent is light
the smell of this oil is divine.
it gives the most pleasant scent at bed time.
the fragrance really is divine!!!
leaves my hair silky and smooth.
not too oily and very light with pleasant smell!
loves how it smells
people say my skin is beautiful
it smells wonderful - rich but delicate.
this product makes your skin feel divine
the scent is warm and sexy but not over powering.
gives skin, especially legs, a subtle sheen.
i love how velvety it feels
the scent is a little strong
it make me feel sexy.
my skin is silky smooth
it gives my skin a radiant
smells subtle enough that it enhances any fragrance i wear
this beautifully scented oil is wonderful on the skin
my skin just glows
i love the subtle floral smell
it leaves your skin glowing for hours
makes my skin look luminous
it's my one fancy splurge that makes me feel luxurious
dewy my face looked
i don't like heavy scents
the blend is natural oils.
smells delicious, like your own private spa.
this is simply divine!
the scent is amazing.
caudalie divine oil is now one of my staples.
firstly, the scent is gorgeous.
makes skin glow immediately
it smells heavenly to boot
it's super sensual and my fiancé loves it too!
leaves my face glowing
it has such a beautiful floral girly luxurious scent that is very pleasing
the smell is divine and it absorbs well.
the amazing scent is addictive too!
the smell isn't overpowering
leaves skin and hair soft and sleek.
i find the scent subtle
smells fabulous, skin is shiny and smooth.
non greasy body oil with a subtle scent
love the smell too, light and luxuriant.
the scent is lovely
the smell is lovely
it fades to something light
i know a lot of people love florals
i like the smell
it sinks in quickly and leaves me feeling silky.
it isn't a floral smell
this oil is just feels so luxurious.
the way i always dreamed about smelling after a day at a beachside spa
fades fairly quickly leaving a lovely
subtle 'evening after a day at the beach' scent
the smell is lovely
smells heavenly and love that it's so versatile.
i enjoy the smell.
love the smell and the texture.
i love the scent
fragrant with a bit of shine
i get shiny easily
give my skin that velvet-y moisturizer feel
provides skin with nice glow
fuzzy with an amazing smell
i look like i'm glowing
this oil is silky, smells great and feels light.
this devine oil smells beautiful
while the caudalie divine oil isn't cheap
it smells so delicious
it feels really decadent
otherwise, the product performs beautifully.
i think the fragrance is another plus in thatit's not overpowering
it is a strong natural grape scent that takes a little while to dissipate
also has a nutty dark chocolatey note playing in the background
it's very relaxing and cozy.
i'd imagine it would be a lovely bath oil as well
just pure, golden goodness.
this is such a lovely oil.
it makes my make-up look gorgeous
i am positively in love with the texture of my skin throughout the day
it is indeed divine
i love -lust this oil the smell is addictive
it's great for an after-sun
the scent is so beautiful
loved the scent, and it was a nice light oil.
this product makes my itchy dry skin completely transform into velvety soft amazingness
it feels very luxurious
it is super soothing
this leaves me glowing !!!!!
it makes me look so luminous
this oatmeal mask is wonderful for my winter skin
i love the texture and it smells healthy!
it looks lovely following its use
even the scent is kind of soothing--you can definitely smell the oatmeal
i found this mask to be soothing
i love how calming it is
it almost smells like a cross between pumpkin pie
brown sugar cinnamon quaker instant oatmeal
it also has a subtle/delicious oatmeal scent
very pleasant scent as well
it gives me a nice glow
is gentle on the skin
while i don't love the texture of this mask
it seems calming on my redness
the oatmeal smell is oddly calming
oatmeal is so calming
has a slight vanilla/oatmeal smell that isn't foul or overpowering
it has a faint yummy scent of oatmeal
it is so gentle, instantly nourishing your skin.
it had a bit of a vanilla undertone in it which is just not my favorite
calm, glowing, and irritation free.
it's very soothing and calming.
it smells like cake batter which makes it so addicting
i feel radiant after i use it
i love the texture as well
it is with this fab oatmeal mask
not at all smelly (very mild scent).
the radiance pads- this mask was sooooooo soothing
creamy soothing mask with oatmeal flakes in it
it also smells very mild and pleasant.
this first aid beauty mask is creamy
let me tell you, this product is heavenly!
the experience is lovely
the smell of the oatmeal
my skin is starting to glow
it smells so calming
it has little pieces of oats which seems to being organic
i love the scent
it's a subtle oatmeal scent that's very cozy
it also had a soothing sensation on my skin.
creamy white consistency with no particular odor
my skin is more radiant
it's so light, & smells amazing.
bought this hoping it would keep my super shiny skin matte
which is perfect for masking the weird smell
works gorgeously when it's the only "wet" product on your skin
my skin looks shiny
shiny/combo skin in the other seasons
it is perfectly light
works wonderfully as a matifying creme, really!
it is mildly scented
this is a gorgeous moisturizer all-year long.
truly, smells like green grapes!
love the fragrant grape water scent
more shiny throughout the day
i love the smell, it smells like pumpkin bread.
the ingredients are lovely
the smell is very subtle
the texture is smooth
tried both the sorbet
had turned into bright red
it's not floral or perfume-y in any way
it also smells heavenly
it reminds me of my mom's homemade pumpkin bread
i usually don't like scented products
keep my skin lovely for the summer
for as creamy as it is
feels lovely under makeup
this moisturiser smells like shea
i mix this with face oil for a super rich cream that feels dreamy
it was also very silky to touch
it makes my skin feel amazing and luminous.
this moisturizer is creamy
i've got fabulously dry skin
creamy a cream of theirs is
the sorbet version is great for the summer
i love the scent.
it has a creamy texture
getting much closer to my natural yellow undertone rather than the deep purple that has plagued my under eye area my entire life
work beautifully under my concealer
i like the way the tip is curved
i do like this corrector because it leaves your eyes with a nice bright look
the application is effortless
this product is gentle to use
i love that this product is tinted so treats
also didn't realize it had a tint
has a light tint to help camouflage dark circles
feels silky going on
this is slightly tinted
this product immediately brightens them just enough while adding the tiniest bit of tint
i finish with a bit of matte nude eyeshadow
because it has a flattering tint that isn't as opaque as concealer
very lightly pearly cream
into flawless dewy skin
with a pleasant yet discreet natural scent
my skin started glowing
gives such a healthy glow to the skin
i love the scent as well
pleasant on the skin
this oil adds a little glow as well as helping me blend the blush onto my face
what a beautiful little oil!
surprisingly this product did wonders for my complexion
has little to no fragrance
leaves your skin with a nice glow
as a bonus, i like the smell
i still use it as an overnight moisturizer once in a while to restore a natural glow to my skin
the oil has a slight honey lavender scent that is soothing similar to a spa aromatherapy session
fresh my skin looked
the oil is clear/faint yellow
if anything my skin looks more radiant
that's coming from someone who wears no perfume or anything scented
my skin was looking dull
my skin looks brighter
i love the scent
it gives my skin a healthy glow
my skin is radiant
my skin looks radiant
i think it smells like a natural or health food store
the scent is mild-like a little like mint
supple i can overlook the scent
my skin is glowing after
glowing in the morning
i just love fresh products
my skin looks dewy
look shiny like a disco ball
also gives a slight glowy look which is lovely
fresh please please make this oil without the fragrance
it smells lovely, almost earthy.
there is a strong "earthy" smell to this oil
it also gave my skin a nice glow!
i love fresh products
in the morning it's glowing
'm not shiny by midday
luxurious oil that makes my skin feel great.
it also smells good and makes my skin glow.
it's a very natural scent that is not overpowering
serves as both a lovely daytime
my foundation is glowy
it gives off a very spa like aroma
i wake up with beautiful even toned glowy skin
it has an odd smell to it
my skin is glowing for days
makes my skin glow
smooth clear beautiful skin when you wake up
smells amazing and leaves your skin so smooth.
i call it more of a glow
freckled skin was looking dull
my skin is instantly brighter
i love the way it has brightened my skin
giving it a beautiful glow
evening my skin tone
my skin looked brighter
makes my skin glow without oilness.
sun spots are fading
i wake up with a bright complexion
the results are sublime
it brightens your whole complexion.
my overall face has a glow!
my skin looked brighter and had a glow to it.
seems to brighten my complexion
my sun spots have definitely faded
tone and texture are radiant.
my skin looks more radiant and clearer.
it has kind of a strange scent
my skin has a glow again
i liked this , my skin is brighten.
this solution has really helped even my skintone by fading dark sun spots
my skin looks fresher and brighter.
my skin looks flawless.
my skin looks brighter
it smells a little like bacon.
it just makes my skin glow.
my skin looks flawless
it does have a strong sulfur smell though
super gentle and works wonders on oily skin.
it does smell like sulfur.
the scent is light
i also love the smell
the smell of the product
it's astringent but fresh.
it smells like sulfur
texture and consistency of a smooth, clay mask.
my skin is looks bright
even though the smell can be pungent
it smells like sulfur
my skin looks plump
it feels like silk going on
this leaves my skin deliciously plump
other days i want to add this silky
nurturing cream over it
keep your skin beautifully clear
it left my skin with a beautiful glow
this product makes your skin feel so silky
my face looks so clear bright
this made my skin glow so much!
get a little of my youthful glow back
my foundation is applying beautiful
luxurious without being greasy
leaves the most refreshing amazing glow on my skin
it gives your face a healthy, youthful glow.
it awakens your skin!
the scent of green tea was lovely
it became a mini luxe ritual in my daily routine
discolored back to the porcelain smooth bright glowing skin i rocked in my twenties
its so rich and luxurious.
it looks so radiant and glowy.
it smells natural not a chemical smell.
i switched from fresh lotus to this
i look like an inside out dalmatian on my cheeks.
that left me with a pale
beautiful product : not greasy
love the silkiness this leaves my skin feeling.
my skin was radiant!
my skin appears fresh
this creme make my face glow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it smells like a green tea latte
perfect for nighttime cream.
very nice green tea scent as well that does not linger
feels gentle on the skin
under the amore pacific tinted moisturizer during the day
it has an "earthy" scent of essential wood oils which i find wonderful
might be offputting if you're used to perfumy scents
yeah it does smell like a mixture of mushrooms
it also has a light pleasant scent.
to me, it smelled like really ripe bananas.
now i actually like the shitake mushroom smell
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
radiant look when i wake up
i personally love the light earthy smell
makes my face glow
the glass spatula is so luxurious!
this cream has a strong green tea scent
had to compliment this creme
it makes my skin smooth, firm and glow!
this cream has made my skin glow
it smells like green tea to me.
it reminds my of that funky raw pumpkin smell when carving a pumpkin
i look forward to using this product because of the wonderful natural smell of the green tea
beautiful for my sensory perception.
feels lovely the morning after i use this
the difference in my skins texture is crazy-beautiful compared to what it was before discovering this cream
honestly, my skin is flat-out-gorgeous.
love this day cream
this creme really is a miracle in a jar
it absorbs quickly, smells good but not perfumey.
it smells like green tea to me.
it definitely brings out the ingredients it uses like the pine mushroom ingredient
it is a heavy moisturizer, thick and creamy.
like green tea ice cream
it had a lot of fragrance in it
beautiful my face looks
gives me a dewy radiance every morning
the only con is that it is a little over-perfumed
feels really silky not greasy
the smell is heavenly
i love strong scents
luxurious going to sleep smelling it
my makeup is flawless
my skin looks airbrushed
i notice that my cheeks are glowing
it's orange in color
smells like an orange
it instantly brightened my face
it seems so delicious
i actually mix this with philosophy vitamin c powder every morning for a gorgeous glow
it tingles when it goes on
it's perfect under my moisturizer
my skin is glowy
it has started evening out my uneven skin while giving it a nice glow
a very dark coffee-like orange
the smell reminds me of coffee with a twist of orange
made my face look bright
it's even toned and smooth.
my skin is brighter
i love the scent
i love the texture
really makes your skin glow
my skin constantly looks luminous and glowing.
silky serum that really sinks into your skin nicely
citrus smell is divine!
as it dries it has a smell that's like maple syrup
makes my skin radiant
the smell is absolutely divine (light citrus).
i've noticed a bit of glow to my skin since using this product
it has really brightened my complexion with
has really brightened my complexion
i love the fresh citrus scent
the silky texture of this serum
lily masque over it
my skin is radiant.
i am dark complexion
it has brightened up my dull skin
i love the luxury of the scent
!my skin start looking bright.
makes my skin bright & glows!
it def looks brighter
i noticed my skin texture look brighter
which makes me smile
which makes be bright
find that my skin is glowing
it makes my skin glow
my skin is luminous and glowing.
my skin looks brighter
my skin looks dull
fruity smell that's not overpowering
leaves your skin extremely silky
my skin looked brighter
in 2 weeks of use my complexion became more radiant
it's so thick it really keeps my eyes bright all day
it instantly brightens my tired eyes!
the color is less bright pink than the benefit depuffing product which does not blend well with my skin tone
it truly is very velvety
nice silky eye cream that brightens
it is very fragrant
my eyes look brighter
brightening of the dark circles beneath my eyes
camouflages my dark circles
it gives my under eye area a luminous look
it's watery, yet thick.
the scent is delicious
bobbie brown has a very nice one
i like this eye treatment better than the evening primrose
my skin looks flawless
then tinted moisturizer for a smooth
feels refreshing when applied
it doesn't make my skin glow
the facial radiance pads are nice too
works beautiful underneath make-up or for night time
blush or powder glides on nicely.
it leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
soft with a "healthy glow"
it has also made my skin look very radiant
it's a perfect face cream!
chose this over fresh lotus youth preserve
it has no scent
this cream is lovely!
its much brighter/supple
the aroma was very pleasing
this moisturizer gives my skin a nice glow.
this moisturizer smells amazing!
i can instantly see a glow to my skin with that said it's a little shiny at times
i tan easily so a little sun can cause sun spots to appear
my foundation goes on like silk
makes your skin silky
i love the orange scent although they have changed it a bit
less natural scent to it
it smells like yummy citrus
this is perfect for me under the tinted spa product i wear as foundation
it smells like fresh oranges which i love in the morning
also, has a pleasant smell.
to how it makes my skin glow
my skin looks immediately more radiant
this cream smells amazing
i still find the scent very pleasant
leaves skin looking fresh
smells like putting orange sorbet on your face.
it gave me a nice glow
my skin looks brighter
gives it amazing luminosity
has a very pleasant orange scent
a half pump sinks in beautifully!
it truly brightens my skin
it also comes in a darkly tinted glass pump bottle
"your skin is beautiful
it has a fresh scent which blends into the skin in moments
my skin glows the next day
my skin was smooth, bright and looked amazing.
this product is for all the textured skin girls out there
i enjoy tingling masks
leaves my skin glowing
face is clear, supple, and glowing.
my skin has radiant
my skin looks super dull
leaves my skin looking bright
ok so this was my first ever glam glow product .
then this lovely cooling sensation takes place
it's just so relaxing to have that yummy scent
amazing tingle with results!
it brightens my skin in 10 min
i love glam glow.
my skin was glowing and super smooth after!
it smells divine and really tightens the skin.
i loved this face mask bc it left a dramatic brightness to my skin
i don't enjoy the "tingle" sensation
i love glam glow!
i felt my face pulsating
dewy for days after
this mask is magical!
redeemed some points for the glam glow set
i got the glam glow set with my points
now about the "gentle tingle"
its def not gentle
shall i saw a glam glow?
your skin really does "glow" afterwards.
love the tingling sensation.
smells like tea tree!
this product does have a tingly/some what burning sensation
i loved the tingle it gave
it tingles a little at first
the tingling sensation is great.
after each use my face "glows"
the tea pieces are chunky
light texture of the product
i love the pearl inside because it glides on
so perhaps this the richness
it "de-puffs" almost instantly.
welcome back bright, young eyes!
i love the beautiful packaging
my skin glowed the next morning
very mildly scented cream that leaves a gentle
the brightness of my skin
the texture of the cream is light
my skin is glowing
the scent is light--kind of rose scented
it glides on the skin and makes it luminous.
the luminous quality is welcome anytime of year!
my skin is brighter
my skin feels brighter
it goes on light and easy with a little shimmer.
love the light weight, silky smooth moisturizer.
it has a light scent
it also gives me a beautiful healthy glow.
it seems to give my aging dull skin a brighter appearance
lightweight feel which gives an instant healthy glow
no harsh horrid scent to it
i like that it gives my face a healthy "glow".
i really fell in love with this light gel-like creme
i like the light fragrance
my skin is brighter
give my skin such a beautiful glow
my skin looks radiant
does seem to add a glow to my skin.
it feels luxurious on the skin
it makes my skin look younger: bright and dewy.
the texture is perfect
light cream gel that goes on like a dream
it got healthy glow
it's texture is light
give my skin a radiant glow
my face has a refreshing, dewy feel to it.
the fragrance is very light
cellumination cream did seem to help brighten my complexion
my skin looks fresh
i glowed, even through my lightweight foundation!
my skin is olive tone
at first i was a little scared b/c my face looked ghostly white
keeping skin looking bright
glow-y than normal
rose water witch hazel
it goes on light and feels refreshing.
light moisture light scent it has a very light feel
the scent is very light, nothing overpowering.
my dark spots lighter
have a more radiant appearance
it looks like glass
the bottle design is sleek
the texture of this lotion is like souffle.
light moisture light scent it has a very light feel
i also love that my skintone evened.
sk-ii has seemed to bring back a youthfulness to it
my skin looks radiant
it's light and silky but hydrates very well.
the non gmo is golden
this is a truly lovely facial moisturizer.
it has a pleasant, light rose scent.
it's very creamy, but not oily.
my skin looks more luminous from this cleanser.
gave my skin an instant glow
very pleasant light rose scent as well.
it smells heavenly, like fresh roses.
my skin is more vibrant
i love the rose scent
it smells like roses, which i like.
this is a gorgeous cleanser.
with a delicately creamy texture
the next day her skin looked absolutely radiant
it has no scent
it leaves your face silky smooth
silky without any obtrusive scent
this also has a very light pleasant smell.
the texture of this oil changes to a milky texture
it has a light rose type scent to it.
fresh soft skin that has this lovely rose smell to it that's not overpowering
it doesn't cause any breakouts it just leaves you with this beautiful glow i am super impressed
it has a light rose fragrance
the cleanser smelled great
it feels like liquid velvet
that i was "glowing
when i first saw the box i loved the sleek
sure enough the cleanser comes in this frosted pearly chic bottle
almost had a glow to it
it has a nice even silky consistancy.
it has a fresh, warm rose scent.
love it, light gentle cleanser!
this cleansing oil has a very subtle scent
it's gentle on your skin
it has a nice, subtle scent.
it's completely clear, plumper, radiant.
product was oily with a light rosy fragrance.
left you with glowing skin
it has also added a glow to my skin.
and the smell is divine.
melt in my face like a magic super smooth
i liked the texture
i do like the soothing
it feels like pure luxury
i like its gentle rose scent and non drying feel.
it is so creamy- not too thick
silky after using it
the texture is dense
even waterproof mascara beautifully
leaves your face feeling "plumped"
it smells like beautiful roses
it is delightfully clean
i would highly recommend this luxurious revival cream
sk-ii's ultimate revival cream is packaged in a beautiful rose gold metallic finish box
certainly notice how lusciously soft my skin feels
the consistency of this cream is thick and rich.
hydration, firmness, and radiant looking skin.
the rose gold packaging is absolutely beautiful.
even the box is the same shiny rose gold as the jar
creamy with a soft rose scent that smells lovely
it leaves my skin plumped
i feel my skin radiant
from first glance the product packaging is beautiful
the smell is subtle
inviting like a boutique of delicate roses
this mositurizer was luxurious to apply
my makeup application looks so even and bright.
genuine rose scent in skin care products
it works wonderfully under my full face of makeup
first of all there is a mellow scent to it
the scent is very floral
my skin looks so radiant
i love the scent of the cream.
it's a light rose scent.
that is only because i prefer fresh clean scents over the luxurious rose scent
skin feels just as silky smooth in the evening as it does in the morning after application
i makes my concelier glide on smooth
the texture is like
it makes my eye shadow look smoother
i also like the light rose scent
the rose gold packaging looks gorgeous in my cabinet
the packaging is beautiful.
it is classy looking
the smell is very subtle
it feels very luxurious on my face
my skin feels somewhat silky once it is applied
i just dip it right into the little pot of creamy wonderful stuff
like when you rub dried spices to brighten the seasoning
a relaxing scent could reduce your frowning
like glowing, smooth skin.
leave skin with a healthy dewy soft sheen.
it's super luxurious from the second you open the box
all its a beautiful creme
my face felt velvety smooth
that my skin looked dewy
i love how elegant it looks
i love the scent of the cream.
also feel my skin a little bit more radiant
after just one week made my skin more radiant
the packaging is beautiful
the packaging is beautiful
i like the silky feel to the serum
i love the lightness of this product
it's clear and odorless, which is nice.
how my face glows after using it
hello hydration and youthful skin.
it goes on silky smooth
i am loving everything about this product: sleek packaging
this product is pleasant to use
keeps my skin looking almost glowing
that really lets the "glow" come through
great moisturizer if you want a bright complexion
works wonders in brightening
you get a lot of this luxurious rich cream in this jar
it is so luxurious.
the scent is heavenly
the scent is pleasant so that's a plus-of coarse even if it didn't smell so feminine i would use it
there is a subtle rose scent
more youthful i looked
no more crepe eyes
this is divine in the morning
it brightens the eye area
very nice light scent.
it is so creamy
it is a luxurious cream that i have come to expect from la prairie
it brightens the eye area
the smell and texture are very nice.
love this eye cream!!
this one has been gentle
the ddrlt sun screen for my face
kind of tingly when i first used it.
gentle eye cream that works
this is a nice creamy product for around the eyes
when it turns green
except it has a hint of what smells like black licorise
my face was glowing
sometimes use the glam glow under eye mask
i often use glam glows hydrating mask too
creates this photoshopped smoothness to my face
it has a minty smell to it, but i don't mind.
my skin is glowy
spells a little funky and tingles at first
my skin is more radiant looking
it smells like licorice!
my complexion positively glows
what an after glow to my skin
it does have a tingly sensation at the beginning
my skin is radiant than ever
instantly feel smooth fresh
it has a strange smell
fresh lotus youth super 7 complex
dark gray cream with bits of eucalyptus leaves in it
i love the way it smells
it left my skin looking very shiny
glam glow is always pretty pricey
my skin has looked flawless
to me it smells like black licorice
i personally prefer earthy
if i drink sugary drinks
the only thing is that i'm not the biggest fan of the smell which smells faintly like licorice to me
i originally bought the gift pack of different glam glow masks
as the fragrance might be irritating
it is a perfect texture for under makeup
a very light, refreshing moisturizer.
it leaves the skin glowing rather than matte
the scent is just divine!
this has a lightweight silky gel texture that smells amazing
the silky texture almost feels like a primer.
the smell is fresh
the smell isn't strong
the scent is light and fresh.
improved the texture of my skin with a brighter complexion
smell is a little medicinal but still fresh.
it has a slightly fruity smell
found the product sickeningly sweet smelling as tacky
love the fresh scent too
kind of like a refreshing cocktail for your face
the smell is very fresh
the scent is very pleasant
leaves my skin glowing
my skin just looks glowy
it does have a botanical smell which others complained about
my skin is radiant
the scent when you first put it on weirdly smells a bit like fruit loops
(i would describe it more as an olive oil smell.)
this has a nice citrus scent
my face is so shiny
the smell of the anthony ifoc is an amazing citrus smell
it smells lovely and keeps shine at bay all day.
first off, the scent is lovely!
i love the citrus smell
not masculine at all
plus, it has a wonderful citrus-y smell to it!
and it has a really pleasant citrus smell.
the fresh lemon scent is also very nice.
tarte has done it again!
it has a pleasant smell.
makes my skin glow
tarte has been a few hits
it sure does smell like kettle-cooked chips
my skin has an overall glow to it
my skin has a very light glow!
my face has always had a red tint to it especially in my cheeks
my skin looks brighter
it gives a "natural" dewy finish
it looks so radiant
it smells kind of like cardboard to me
it ended up looking super cakey
my foundation looking dewy
my skin is glowing
the skins looks fresh
my dark circles are brighter
i've noticed it's not as creamy as i'd like
blend it down around my eyes
it gives my skin a nice dewy glow
skin has more glow
i could not believe how creamy my foundation applied
i've recently bought the amazonian clay foundation from tarte
the foundation wouldn't blend
it smelled like cooking oil to me
i swear it makes my feet like silk
s are so silky just like my feet
my skin is glowing
my face is genuinely radiant/glowy
made her skin look flawless
beautiful finish when used with any foundation
the tinted moisturizer was great on it's own
for a pretty dewy glow
on some of my powder contour shades to make them a bit more creamy
it gives such a beautiful glow
the smell isn't the best smelling
makes my skin glow the next morning
it leaves my skin feeling silky and moist.
it turns out i like a mild fresh scent
even brighten the dark circles
under eye concealer blends nicely
that 's why i'm still using golden sundrops royal jelly
it has a refreshing smell that acts like an aromatherapy as well
this will be a beauty staple.
bright even before makeup
it smells kind of like fresh cucumbers witch i just love
it feels so luxurious
the texture makes your skin feel like silk
melts into your skin beautifully
it smells exactly like cucumbers
it smells fresh with a cucumber scent.
it goes on so silky smooth and feels great.
it smells good not to harsh on the scent
it feels creamy & good on my skin.
is even starting to show a bit of its former glow
it also smells faintly of lemon pepper cucumbers which makes me love it even more
if was actually "fresh" smelling
the smell is delicate and hardly overwhelming.
the smell is faint and is not overpowering.
light and fresh smell, but very light indeed.
smells amazing i love the lotus smell
it smells very refreshing
also my skin glows a little bit after applied this
i actually tried the lotus cream fresh makes
the cream is super light.
my skin is always luminous after using it
gives it an intensive glow
it's quiet lightweight and smells amazing!
love this face cream!
it doesn't have a perfume scent.
the smell is heavenly
it does make my skin look more radiant
the smell does smell like a veggie garden
the smell is cucumber
made my face fell silky
i switched over from my philosophy miracle worker to fresh lotus youth preserve
the lotus cream smells so fresh
this product smells like you are wearing a garden of flowers on your face
my makeup looks flawless
this face cream is a beautiful texture
if you like the smell of cucumbers
it has a light souffle-like texture
gives me a radiant glow the next morning
like after i tried tatcha's indigo cream
smells like fresh cucumbers
also feels light and fresh.
it smells like cucumbers
this is greatly paired with the shileido white lucent anti-dark circles eye cream
it smells so fresh if you like the cucumber scent
with the lovely cucumber scent
it has a subtle cucumber scent going on that smells refreshing
i love you, fresh and sephora!!
i do think that this one makes my skin more radiant
it made my skin feel like silk
seemingly powerful as it tones my skin nicely
although the consistency of the cream feels light
because of my irrepressible joy in life
or my irrepressible politeness
smile creepily at myself in the mirror to make sure
fresh my skin looked
my dark circles are lighter
silky in no time
that is gentle on my skin
usually they have a purple tone under them
love this eye cream!
i love the texture of this product
the skin around my eyes feels silky and smooth.
it makes the skin around your eyes absolutely silky smooth upon application
it has no scent
droopiness as this sumptuous cream
silky cream is the exact texture you want for an eye cream
still love a good tan
there is a bit of a tingle upon application
it has a silky texture
the texture is somewhat odd
or josie maran's infinity creamy oil
i love the texture and the balminess of it.
the texture, the aroma, everything!.
liked the creamy gel-like texture
even with the creamier eye products
this is truly a soothing eye cream.
because of the velvety smoothness
i love the smooth texture
i love its texture
my scars aren't very dark colored
they are always very red on my pale skin
no matter how small the acne it always leaves a purplish/pinkish mark
this simple rollerball takes the cake
allowing my foundation to go on beautifully
plentiful on my medium/tan face
my skin looks radiant
my texture issue is plumped up
my skin has a glow to it
my skin looks flawless
my skins seems to look brighter in the morning
my skin looks radiant and more taut, even.
my skin was dull
gentle enough for every night
smells a little bit of lavender
creamy night cream as well
because it is luxurious to apply
my skin definitely appears more bright
vibrancy back to my skin
smooth with a light scent
it hit the sweet spot for my husb
it helps diminish wrinkles adds moisture while the retinal truly transforms skin from dull to radiant
my skin tone seems brighter
this cream absorbs quickly, and has a nice scent.
my skin is smoother and more radiant.
also the gentle cleanser which i love
makes my skin feel silky smooth
its cool and soothing to the skin.
this product has a strange texture along with an odd smell
it went on wonderfully
made it feel like silk
leaves my skin extremely silky smooth
my skin is bright
making it more bright
my skin is glorious.
it gives a beautiful glow to your skin
my overall complexion is bright
it leaves a silky feeling
i love that it has a light fragrance without being overpowering
it goes on silky
has an interesting fragrance
it does smooth the skin's texture
the texture is smooth
i love the subtle scent in this line
all of the crepe under my eyes
my skin seems brighter
my eyes look brighter
my skin has been glowing
smile for pix without "crinkling" because of a solid year using this
if you or best gorgeous gal isn't wrinkling yet: start wrinkle prevention now
used delicate eye care cream
it works like a charm
this eye cream actually brightened my dark circles
the lightweight texture is soothing to the under eye area
used to be a sun-goddess
goes on great under my tarte primer.
it feels nice and silky.
gorgeous i thought i was 10 again
of tarte every thing i've tasted of them makes me fall in love
i love that while is creamy
brightening my under eyes
this eye cream is brightening
my undereye instantly brightens
perfect for daytime under makeup.
the scent is delectable
it helps brighten dark eyes
it is very creamy.
t gives me a natural glow around the eyes
it goes on silky smooth
this stuff is very nice a creamy
hope that my eyes brighten
it sits beautifully under concealer that's set with powder
this cream is rich and thick.
i love tarte and this eye cream!
the darkness was lighter
i love the silky smoothness of it
this one from tarte
its such a rich creamy formula
my skin is brighter
this eye cream helps with brightening under eye darkness
i also love the texture of this cream.
very blue/purple inner-corners
this eye cream has lightened up all my blue/purple spots
i think the texture is creamy and smooth.
the packaging is just beautiful
it has a tiny bit of shimmer in it which brightens up the area a bit
a creamy oil you can use for pretty much everywhere
makes my skin soft and feels heavenly.
this wonderful creamy oil has saved my skin
then i remembered the sample pot i had of intensive creamy oil
then i remembered my little sample pot of this creamy oil
more like a creamy oil if kept in a cooler environment
gives me a glow that literally lasts all day
i put this creamy argan oil as directed
it gives me a nice healthy glow
i love this creamy oil.
the foundation dbls as dewy
it's more of a citrus smell.
the scent isn't irritating to the skin
makes it look fresh
it imparts a bit of a natural glow
it leaves such a great glow that i've been wearing less makeup since using it
i love this creamy oil!
also the scent is pleasant
it is a creamy oil
rich cream for my mature skin
you could also use it in combination with eye-shadow for a glossy look
the texture is light
also the light citrus scent/taste is great
i love the texture
i love the versatile creamy oil
it makes my face dewy throughout the day
it's pretty nice smelling- orange scented
this creamy oil has saved me this winter by applying on my face
every foundation looks cakey
gives a beautiful dewy finish
i love this creamy oil
the shading still looks perfect
giving a glow to my face
find using the creamy oil does help
this keeps my skin glowing
& the smell is haven.
i love using this creamy oil right after i wash my h
also accounts for the slight citrusy fragrance
my skin is brighter
creamy and silky, and it lasts a long time.
the bottle was sitting under a really bright hot light
gives me an instant glow and silky hydration.
the "creamy" is so buttery and hydrating.
sheer build-able color in a whisper light formulation that sinks right in to my skin adding a "natural looking glow"
its easy to apply and gives a natural glow.
the creamy oil is amazing feeling
smells citrusy and fresh, super recommended.
help them grow lush
it does have an orange/citrus smell
love the creamy oil medium, very convenient.
i love the light, natural, citrus scent.
the creamy oil itself glides on your skin like
its a creamy oil which doesn't let me waste product
an infinite number of uses makes intensive creamy oil a mainstay on my vanity
josie moran intensive creamy argan oil
a shimmery one from physicians formula
it gives my makeup a beautiful finish.
a fresh, light citrus scent.
this creamy oil is heaven in a tube!
this one glides on
love the fragrance and feel.
have mixed it with powder blush to make a creamy
however a little bit of powder in the morning gives me a natural looking glow
while i like the smell
and did i mention it smells delicious?!
i love the pink packaging
i like the smell also.
this creamy oil creates the perfect base for makeup
personally i love the dewy glow it gives my complexion
this creamy oil was a great way for me to add more moisture to my skin during the harsh winter months
all of the dior capture totale line is perfect for aging skin
dewy but not greasy.
so sophisticated that the discovery of such an ethereal product proves to be prize winning
the glow is back.
has a nice light floral scent to it.
it's not heavily perfumed
has a very very light floral scent
gives me beautiful skin
this cream will definitely give you a beautiful glow as well as leaving your skin soft
see my face going naturally beautiful
love the smell on my skin
the scent is light
has no flaky appearance
plumped/refined the whole area
it has a nice light texture and isn't greasy.
this seems to be a good for my smile crinkles.
rich cream that really brightens the undereye area
also no weird smell :
very luxurious and does the job.
i woke up to beautiful soft skin.
it's a beautiful way to start my day
it has a silky whipped like texture
painful skin into baby-soft splendor
leaves my skin lovely
it gives a healthy glow that lasts all day.
it's not greasy it has a very pleasant odor for lotion
i do get that dewy glow by morning
love that it has no fragrance
made my skin look bright
i don't wake up with an attractive glow the way i do with my usual turnaround radiance night moisturizer
its light, and super creamy to put on.
it has no scent
my skin looked so dewy
feel that it absorbs into your beautiful face through the night
i wake up with my face still feeling completely creamy
plump in the morning
it felt so luxurious
i wake up with plump radiant skin
however, this is a lovely mask.
i can not use it in summer because of its creamy texture
in the morning feeling velvety.
does fulfill it's promise of a dewy morning glow
my skin was dewy
doesnt have any weird smell
leaves my face soft with a nice glow
my skin has a nice even glow
puts some fancy over-hyped over-fragranced
continues to keep it bright
cliniques mask absorbs beautifully
my skin had no glow to it
the texture is very creamy without being heavy
it has a light scent
really nothing perfumy which i love
it really felt like a thirst quencher for my face
my skin looks dewey
my skin stays beautiful
love this as a night cream!
divinely smooth texture that moisturizes without feeling too thick or greasy
you feel a tingling sensation
it feels super luxurious on the skin
the glow it gives is just pure magic.
the packaging is adorable
the scent is lovely
it isn't really flowery the way perfume is
the scent is reminiscent of a professional facial
glows after i use this
feels the same as a freshly opened pod
my skin is glowing
it has a light smell to it
this golden root mask is ah_mazing
looks like nutella / ganache
it looks a little like melted chocolate
my skin looks brighter
there was a pleasant smell to it
also gives a lasting radiant skin
made my dry skin soft and gorgeous!
skin looks brighter after each use!
it has made my skin so beautiful.
packaging are both lovely
it leaves my skin with a radiant look
leaves my skin soft and radiant!
the texture is exquisite
the brush it comes with is lovely
it feels more luxurious
it works so gentle
this mask is heavenly for me
it tingles pleasantly while it's on your face.
woke up this morning with my skin still feeling so radiant
feels luxurious on my face
it feels like a feather on your face
i enjoyed the scent it was calming
felt/ saw my skin glowing
the packaging is beautiful
was noticeably more radiant
the mask smells fantastically earthy
the smell of this product
my skin looks much more radiant than when i first received that tiny sample
i like the smell
not to mention this mask smells divine
this smells very pleasant
it feels like you are painting your face with chocolate
it has a faint smell of lavender.
great musk makes my face clean
the application brush is fun
my skin felt like silk
my skin looks cleaner
keeps my skin soft, brightened and glowing.
brighten my acne spots
my skin looks brighter
in the morning it feels like velvet.
lovely fragrance that reminds me of orange blossoms
keeps my skin glowing
absorbs beautifully into my skin.
this leaves me with a light dewy feel
this left my complexion glowing
i personally find that it smells lovely
kind of like a flowery smell
i love the scent!
the texture is perfect- it absorbs like a dream
but has the most lovely delicate smell.
i also love the scent; very calming before bed.
-there isn't a weird/unpleasant scent to it
it is great for the décolleté area
it's the most heavenly combination.
i love the texture of this cream.
it has a heavenly texture
a light natural scent that doesn't affect my allergies
it has a nice fresh scent
great texture, non greasy and no funny smell.
the smell is also very fresh.
not "perfume-y", just natually fresh.
it has a light creamy texture
i also love the subtle
it goes on silky smooth
it has a very light fragrance
i truly wake up to glowing skin.
ended up looking cakey
i wake up to a beautiful glow
my foundation applies beautifully on nights i have used this moisturizer
it also has a nice light botanical scent.
i did like the light texture
smells a little like paint
even with the jasmine oil in it
the smell does fade
i want to say put some orange zest in there or something to overpower that stench
it feels so light on your skin like a feather
even with sephora's teint infusion ethereal natural finish foundation that i am testing out
especially in tropical areas
it gives an amazing glow
the packaging is adorable!!
it's sunny almost everyday
i like the texture.
blends nicely with my makeup
non-greasy, in fact, it is silky.
has no weird scent
very light and the smell is like summer sun.
it has no scent
the smell is light
smells fresh and not fragrant.
i blend with my illuminate lotion
i even think if you don't like very fragrant moisturizers
texture- definitely worth the money- natural ingredientscons:- too shiny
sunny day at the pool/ wine tasting
this left me with a pretty tan color after some sun exposure
it has a light scent
cakey feeling to my skin
has a lovely herbal scent
it helped my skin texture and vibrancy.
i love the way it smells.
leaves a nice glow to the skin
wears beautifully under my makeup
love how it makes me glow.
make it more beautiful
just a dewy like finish
it seems to have a matte look
gave my skin a much-needed radiant glow
my combination skin was dull
make you look shiny
i go from looking like a puffy grouch to fresh
there was no stickiness or tacky feeling
this is mildly scented
was hesitant to use this because of the word "luminous"
the inner glow definitely showed through my matte finish foundation
it does have a scent
this one is fresh
give me a little glow
it smells so fresh
this product makes my skin glow
i love the light fragrance
the lemon-y scent is not too strong
my skin is clear, radiant and smooth.
give a beautiful natural luminance to the faceworth it
it really gives you a glow
like a healthy beautiful glow
while adding subtle luminosity that makes my skin appear vibrant
it has barely any fragrance
my one slight complaint is that it can accentuate the oiliness of my skin
it has a very light smell for those who do not want something very fragrant
it makes it blend like a dream
my face is always glowing
the beauty oil lasts forever
the oil gives a great glow to your skin
gives some great glow to my 40 year old skin
it has a delicious mild smell that does not linger
it makes your skin glow and absorbs easily!
my skin looks more radiant
on the hunt for a beauty oil that mixes well with foundation for that added dewy look
it mixes perfectly with my tarte amazonian clay foundation
radiant when i wake up
love this beauty oil.
it also smells beautiful
i believe in and love beauty oils.
in the morning i use 1-2 drops with my giorgio armani luminous silk foundation
allowing it not to look cakey afterwards :
gorgeous oil, easy to apple, feels amazing.
i find the light smell pleasant.
this oil is magical to my skin.
the scent is light but pleasing.
my skin has never looked so radiant and smooth.
the korres oil smelled like roses
it makes my skin glow so nicely
foundation glides on so nicely
my skin is fresh
i love the smell, and the texture.
this beauty oil is my holy grail.
look more dewy-fresh
it's light and non fragrant.
i also enjoy the light floral scent.
winter weather or when you're feeling in need of a dewy glow
gives your makeup a lovely glow when mixed in/applied under your foundation
this lovely little bottle of oil has saved my skin this winter
feels silky smooth going on
it has a nice scent and i love the packaging.
it's a very light, clean, crisp scent.
the tsubaki beauty oil is a goddess-send, though!
it glows with such a radiance
it has a lovely subtle natural smell
smoothed out my texture, made my skin glow.
there is an instant glow
my skin just glows now
skin feels heavenly after using it
my skin has been immaculate.
i chose this luxurious oil because its on the thick consistency
it also has a pleasant scent to it
makes my legs so beautiful
it has made my skin glowing and smooth.
this oil is lighter than the tarte
glow to wake up my skin in the morning
comes in cute packaging
my skin is glowy
leaves your skin silky smooth
i love the silky texture
love the lather and creaminess of it!
it's so gentle, creamy and luxurious!
this is so gentle
the cleanser is very creamy
it has really left my complexion looking radiant
will wash his face with this instead of zest
has a subtle fresh smell
leaves your skin with a beautiful glow
it is not drying nor is it too creamy.
i get tons of compliments on my complexion
my face looks youthful and my skin looks amazing.
the scent is lovely
the cucumber in it gives a calming effect
the smell is mild
i don't even care for rose scents
i don't find the scent overpowering or unpleasant
it feels so luxurious to put on my skin
gives a tingling fresh feel
my makeup applies beautifully over it.
who doesn't like the true fragrance of roses?
it makes my skin have this healthy glow.
the rose smell is nice without being overpowering
i love fresh products
the smell isn't unpleasant as some have complained it smells like fresh cucumber
the scent of this is delightful
i find it calming
it is calming to my skin.
it smells like roses
that are verry gentle
it spells like a mix of roses
florally smells so this is great for indulging my senses
perfectly soothed like a rose
a plus is its deliciously sweet rose water scent.
this is my go-to daily moisturizer – beautiful fragrance
i love the lightness
which i find oddly calming
it feels like a satiny gel lotion
this smells like roses
the scent is strong
my makeup glides perfectly over it
this is not a cream and is not even creamy.
the rose scent is beautiful
i noticed that my skin had the most beautiful glow
refreshing on the skin
i also love the the rose scent.
i don't even like roses or rose scent
the formula is wonderful -- the texture is thin
the fact that the fragrance is lovely is only an added bonus
once it dried fast it felt like a freshly blossomed rose petal
compliments on my gorgeous glow for weeks now
i cannot get over the smell of roses
the texture is lovely
it smells nice like all fresh's rose line products
my skin looks glowing
i am not a fan of the rose smell of this line of fresh products
it smells more like a cucumber rose mixture
the scent is divine
over healthy skin glow
the scent is really subtle though
it just smells clean and refreshing.
fragrance of this moisturizer is elegant
it does promise beautiful hydration
it illuminates my skin
love this as a night cream.
the scent is almost like aromatherapy
not greasy, but truly dewy.
i like to feel dewy
the scent is light and heavenly.
dissolving into a fresh scented bouquet of roses on your skin
pair perfect to give my dull acne prone
has a lovely fresh aroma.
no noticeable rosé smell.
smells like a combination of roses
with a slight earthy undertone that i've experienced in other fresh products
my skin usually looks a bit shiny
and the smell.. so lovely.
really does smell like roses
it stays moist and tacky.
the scent is a little strong for my taste
the smell is pleasant
light cleanser, foamy, smells like roses.
the product has a nice subtle smell
i also definitely noticed the glow
my skin is riveting
the smell of it is beautiful
i love fresh products.
love the rose scent as it cleans my face
amazing leaves my face clean and it's gentle
i love the scent
many cultures that rosewater rejuvenates the skin making it smoother
soothing for the summer
smells fresh, light, and lovely.
lovely smell and doesn't irritate my eyes
a lovely, gentle cleansing foam.
the scent is quite "green."
i smell roses, and also something else... grass?
and the smell is so light and fresh.
the fragrance is heavenly
smells just like fresh rose
i like this smell
has a lovely light rose fragrance
my skin looks flawless
the aroma is natural
continued use expect to see smooth clear bright beautiful skin
a lot of people complain about the orange tint
my skin has never felt softer or looked more radiant
it adds the perfect glow!
in my opinion it smells like what orange rind tastes like
it's bitter smelling but it is orange-y citrus.
love how it brighten my skin
it leaves an orange tint on your skin if you are very light
first i am glad this is a natural oil with its natural smell
also the natural coloring.
this oil is decadent.
it smells like orange
left pleasant looking glow to my face
btw at first your face will look look sort of orangey
my skin is brighter and plumper.
the orange tint goes away
is a orange color when applied
love the scent too thought the oil seems to contain some color that makes my skintone look oddy orange
brightens ✅smoothes texture✅fades fine lines ✅reduces acne scars✅seriously
gives it a nice hue
after using this oil, my skin is luminous.
orange tint when first applied
it smells like tea
more radiant than it's ever been
i find it to be a pleasant citrus smell
my makeup looks dewy and my skin is so glowy!!!!!
to me it smells fresh
my skin is clear and radiant.
it had an orange tint
my face was bright, radiant and smooth.
i just have a beautiful healthy glow
the scent is strong
it leaves a slightly orange tint to your skin
it feels very luxurious
brightens the face instantly
i love the scent
i also love the scent!
it gives your skin a nice glow
the décolletage area has seen its share of sun over the years
it does leave a slightly "orange" tint
tan not oompa loompa like
it does leave an orange tint at first
i only use it at night because it leaves me with an oompa loompa orange tint
the textures on my skin disappeared
my skin had a healthy glow
i can see a subtle glow
i receive a lot of comments on the glow of my skin
the citrus scent is refreshing
it smells like lemon grass
gives my pillow a slight orange tinge
makes my skin look radiant/healthy
i wake up to beautiful, youthful looking skin.
gives it a natural glow
i also love the natural smell
it's smells great, like tea and oranges.
citrus yes it's a very strong scent
i find it refreshing
wake up with silky smooth skin
i am very fair skinned with pinkish tones
the scent is lovely
all thanks to this beautiful oil
it also brightens the color.
it does have a strong orange smell
it melts into the skin beautifully
makeup applies beautifully over this oil
i can't believe how wonderfully smooth
glowing look it gave my skin
truth sugar glow polishing mask 3.
adds a slight tint of orange to your face after applying
i am quite light skinned
i actually like the small orange tint as i feel it evens out my skin tone
gives me a slight glow
refreshing smell of orange/citrus which isn't overpowering
no itchy problems just gorgeous smooth skin
i like the smell
this oil has a orange citrus smell!
it really gives your skin a beautiful glow
makes your skin look gorgeous
makes your skin glow - for real.
this is where the earthy scent comes from.
in my opinion is smells like a black tea with lemon
bright duo which hello is an amazing deal
this oil made my skin glow.
i love the scent
leaving me with gorgeous skin in the morning
i think it smells amazing, not fishy.
my skin is looking brighter
love the citrus scent.
the serum is bright orange
the smell is a little odd.
definitely citrus but with an odd hint to it.
gives a lovely glow to my face
i saw other reviewers said it smells orangey or fishy
it's also the color of pumpkin.
it smells like a weird tea
first of all i love the smell of oranges
it's like fresh sunshine on your face
my skin looks dewey
i recommend this for anyone interested in a more radiant complexion
i mix a tiny drop with my unrefined organic shea
my skin is firm and radiant and very smooth.
use eye cream for brightening
the texture is nourishing.
it absorbs in beautifully
rew weil mega-bright dark circle minimizer
this is smooth as silk
the texture is perfect.
love this eye cream!
luxurious and powerful.... this stuff works!!
the skin looks plumper
it glides on the eye area and feels silky-smooth.
it's very rich & creamy.
it is very creamy
love the texture of the cream
lovely on the vanity
while i liked the texture of the cream
am pleasingly surprised to see that my dark circles are lighter
it is so rich and creamy but not greasy!!
on my cheek bones for a healthy glow
a bobbi brown makeup artist vanished the fine lines under my eyes with this extra soothing balm
i can definitely smell rosemary scents from it.
even gives it a little bit of a glow
gradual color with no orange tint or streaking
i love the glow that it gives my light/medium toned skin
it is a nice skin-kissed glow.
love this daily lightweight natural glow-tion.
it leaves my skin glowing
not orange at all on my somewhat pale/pink skin
green eyes kind of pale
saw a pumpkin pie colored face
i noticed it smelled a little funny
just that my face "glowed" just as the product depicts it
perfect for when i want to self tan
the texture is light
feels luxurious going on
it always leave my skin looking luminous
smells like orange zest
i love the smell and texture.
everyone i know notices how radiant my skin looks
my skin was looking dull
i noticed a licorice-like scent the first day
it smells like oranges
my skin tone is brighter.
it has a nice/soft orange scent
creamy with a very nice smell
just beautiful glowy skin!!
it really does give my skin a glow.
skin is so bright
all over skin color/tone
with a bonus rosy glow
my skin has a beautiful radiance
i also can't believe how radiant my skin is after i use it
i like the light texture
i love the citrus, refreshing scent.
it smells like coffee
my skin looks shiny
the smell has an organey scent to it which is refreshing
also has a strong citrus smell that i love
this makes my skin glow
it leaves my skin radiant and super awake !
it was helpful to keep my sun-kissed skin glowing
it looks to be creamy
this eye cream is hydrating with a subtle glow to really help brighten the eye area
it has a light citrus scent to it.
the smell is a refreshing citrus.
gives you such a healthy glow
it has a fresh citrusy scent
the smell is very fruity like fruit candy.
refreshing whith a great citrus morning scent
has a fresh citrus scent
plus, it smells like oranges!
love how bright and refreshed i've been looking!
the smell is luscious and citrusy.
it's a citrus scent that packs a punch
light for the summertime
the smell is intoxicating
it's soft and instantly hydrates the face!
it didn't create a glow that i noticed
the smell is really citrus-y
it definitely did leave my skin silky smooth
i love the scent and feel of this moisturizer.
i love the orange citrus scent in the mornings
it sinks in and keeps my skin dewy.
i love the natural scent it has
it leaves my face feeling radiant
i love how radiant it makes my skin look
the smell of the product is like all origins products in that it smells natural
the smell...the smell is amazing!
with a rich lemon scent
this moisturizer smells amazing!
with a soft refreshing scent every time
to the refreshing tingle across my skin
removing the hygienic topper to the aromas of pure citrus bliss
it has a light scent of orange/citrus
it's smooth texture glides on easily
i love the smell of this also.
this smells so fresh
feels like it glows
has a pleasant citrus fragrance to it
when applied has a nice fresh cooling sensation
nothing tingly, it's very nice.
this moisturizer smells amazing!
the bouncy texture reminds me of a cloud cream.
i also liked the citrus scent.
it smells wonderful like fresh orange juice
loving the gel texture
has a pleasant citrusy scent
it's more like the perfect blend of any normal moisturizer
it smells like oranges
my face is super silky
the smell is rich
it gives a small tingling sensation
the smell is delicious.
the smell is delightful
the citrus scent is refreshing
you can't beat the fresh citrus scent either!
this moisturizer is delicious
it has a citrus smell that isn't too strong
it feels lovely on
the fresh citrusy scent
this moisturizer smells invigorating.
it goes on feeling light and fresh.
it smells like citrus which i also love.
the scent is also refreshing
the scent of the moisturizer is similar to tangerine or other soft citrus
since those are scents that boost my mood
bright after using this
the energy boosting moisturizer is delightfully pleasant
the smell it's pleasant
after that it's refreshing
it instantly gives me a nice glow after i put it on
i love the smell of this cream.
it has a sweet citrus scent almost like a creamsicle is very refreshing
my moisturizer with spf leaves a little shine
give my skin a nice matte
gives a beautiful all day finish !
set a great base for my full coverage tarte amazonian clay foundation
feels silky on my skin.
leaves skin silky smooth.
love the feel of this: satiny
my skin feels silky smooth after application
my skin feels like satin
it makes my skin feel like silk after it dries
made foundation application a breeze
makes my complexion like velvet.
it possesses all the other magical qualities promised
several natural flower/seed extracts
makeup wears like a dream
i'll just keep this short and sweet.
it made my face so silky smooth.
makeup goes on like silk!
primes skill beautifully before makeup
my makeup is flawless
was shocked to find it unusually satiny
it not only leaves your skin silky smooth for foundation application
this was perfection - smooth, velvety texture.
the fragrance is a bit strong
it looked firmer, and more radiant.
my face had a natural glow with it
as the fragrance might be irritating
i loved how thick this cream was.
my awesomely bi-polar skin does need some hydrating love sometimes
the smell is pretty luscious too
it leaves my skin radiant
it goes into skin beautifully
is supposed to be gentle
it has a nice texture and nice subtle smell.
i think it brightens the complexion
this cleared up skin beautifully
gave my skin a brightness
no scent at all.
not over perfumed like some products
my skin just glows
as well as olive skin tone
my skin is brighten
my skin just wasn't as radiant
my skin just glows
makes my skin pop with fresh light.
the bottle is tall
my skin has a new glow
my skin now literally glows
you wake up with deliciously soft skin
which i was seduced into buying through their devilishly clever sampling program
mirabile dictu/oh wondrous day: really noticible increase in firmness
my skin looks beautiful!
my skin is brighter
my skin was even and glowed.
this product certainly gives you a glow
it's creamy and smells amazing.
consistency of the product is creamy
i love the texture
with my ultra sonic cleaner
make me skin dewy
i even find the smell pleasant
it feels so luxurious on the skin
this cream makes my skin look polished
i don't find it has a strong odor at all
smells sour like plain yoghurt
it absorbs beautifully into the skin.
it isn't a strong fragrance
the cream is rich
i love the texture
this product is divine
love the coolness of it
i love the texture
it's luxurious but light.
i also love the smell
the cream is lovely
whipped with a nice light smell
stay beautiful, ladies (and gentleman)!
i wake up with an amazing glow!
it is so thick and creamy- really luxurious!
i've noticed the more i use my face turns bright red
for those who aren't huge of products with fragrance this smells clean
the scent is pleasant.
the product produces a pleasant cooling effect on the skin
you'll wake up with moisturized, beautiful skin.
the scent is subtle
i will look at my skin in the morning n it was bright
i wake up to perfect glowing
i also like the smell
my skin feels divine when i do
i even love the scent
it's just a light airy scent
was worried about buying it after reading about the pungent smell
i like the texture of this
it's not a pleasant smell either
i can instantly feel how silky my skin is
i enjoy the smell, especially for nighttime.
this lotion has an instant calming quality to it.
no grease or oil, really soft, subtle smell.
even the smell which is a natural
glowing since using this oil
i get this healthy glow and i really love it.
after having a dark chocolate bar
my skin just looked more radiant
my skin was radiant
just soft radiant skin
clarins lotus face oil is great.
it also smells so natural
now i have this amazing glow on my skin
my skin is brighter
i love the smell of the rosewood
it might be because of the astringent properties.
lotus oil truly does help to balance out the oilier part of my face
such a gentle and pleasant experience using this.
it smells like a plant, kind of like eucalyptus.
it smells like a grapefruit rind
if you don't mind that citrus scent
softer and more vibrant skin resulted.
plus i cannot live without the deliciously intoxicating smell of this oil
holds make-up beautiful
it feel so luxurious to put on every evening
its like little lotus oil fairies come
i saw it in allure
the oil itself is light and fragrant.
to me it smells like rosemary.
after having tried everything from fresh's lotus preserve
scented nicely, fast absorbing and rich.
its so l creamy and rich.
it makes my skin dewy and brighter!
i love the lightweight texture this gives
perfects the look of skin
this is a geat day spf cream which makes my skin glow
it gives a luminous sheen
it does tint my face pink for about an hour it until it fully absorbs
the peach tint perfectly blends in with my brown
the 30 spf provides great sun protection.
i love the little shimmer it leaves.
my skin is more even and supple and bright.
this moisturizer works beautifully
have an olive skin tone
even with my olive/tan skin tone
it smells like roses
and feels clean with a silky finish.
pinkish glow that looks really healthy
i love the texture
very shiny in the nose
when i pair this with the glamglow super cleanser it is a perfect pair
it gives my skin a natural glow
it's got this divine whipped texture
claustrophobic in comparison to this
give your skin a beautiful finish
or have an overpowering scent
it does look a smidge shiny on
i tried the one with the tint
gives good glow to skin.
my skin is literally glowing
dewy by the afternoon
the product is beautifully made.
it makes my face glow
adding the photoplasma gives my face a glow
it gives my skin a dewy glow that i can tone down with a matte powder as desired
the real reason i love it is the radiant finish
it's not shiny or sparkly
like some "radiant" products
glowing when i wear this
the product gives my skin a truly lovely glow
this makes your skin radiant and luminous.
blends perfectly under my makeup
it's sure has luxurious feel to it.
leaves your face with a nice soft glow
not a bit of a greasy shine
it has the texture of whipped cream cheese
it provides wonderful sun protection
it gives a significant glowing illumination which is not too shiny
i also use it over/with some bb cream makeup products to get the glow
blend over my face
performs like a beauty cream
this has a mousse like texture, light & airy.
i add a drop of the ardency inn americana
i instantly have a radiant glowing smooth skin that's improving by the week
i love the moussy texture
the titanium dioxide gives a subtle highlighting/glow to your face
if you don't like the glow, powder over it.
the texture of the moisturizer is nice
tarte amazonian clay airbrush
the texture is creamy
the peach tint is a nice addition
there is no scent.
my skin feels silky smooth after applying
my skin is glowing
also no white cast in photos the spf is great!
refreshing to wear i love it
and has an spf 30 made my skin glow
this mositurizure leaves my face glowing
humidity leaves skin glowing which is what this moisturizer does
while i do notice a glow
including the natural glow
it has a very subtle scent
it feels like a silky whipped cream.
ball most has illuminating tent.
makes my face glow upon applying it
i love the iridescent glow it gives however!
give your skin a radiant glow
it has a super light, mousse-like texture.
i think it has a pleasant smell.
does give me what i would call a "glow"
gives me an instant glow.
radiant that i seem to keep repurchasing it
just a touch left for a healthy glow
it's also balanced my skin beautifully.
my complexion was dull before
my skin is rosy like i have new skin
definitely does make my complexion more illuminated
makes my skin look more radiant
my skin is fresh
my skin feels amazing after just a coupe of days of usage
this makes me glow
my skin looks airbrushed
with some added radiance
within 7 days my skin looked radiant
it's soothing for skin irritations
also makes my skin feel silky
when my tan fades
because it makes my skin feel silky smooth
makes your makeup go on like silk
made my skin visibly radiant !
layers beautifully under makeup
more on pretty lipstick colors
finding that perfect eyeliner
my skin is more radiant
leaves my skin glowing.
plus the scent is subtle but floral and feminine.
light scent make it simple
gives it such a youthful glow
simply put, i glow!
i love the texture
made my skin glow
soothing for under the eyes
my skin is glowing
i even mix it in with my foundation for a more luminous look
it's really silky in texture.
coworkers were complimenting me on my glowing skin
my skin looked more radiant
my skin looks flawless
my skin looks radiant and smoother.
gives the glow and is anti-aging!!!
immediately after using it my skin gleams
leaves your skin like silk
my face looks brighter
my dark spots are lighter
my skin looks glowy
has restored brightness and allure to my face.
i couldn't find a good substitute for their wrinkle twinkle eye pen when it was discontinued
while it seems gentle
it is working beautifully to reduce surface dryness
my skin looks radiant
smells like white/rosehip to me
the smell is strong but it smells like roses.
the scent is heavenly as with all the other products in this line it has the strong floral scent which i love
skin is radiant the next morning.
it hydrates and gives me such a glow.
this does have a floral scent
it also has a strong floral smell to it
i find the scent adds to the product's appeal
- smell: the smell of this oil is strong
infused it with vitality
a deep breath of this scent instantly makes me feel calm
the silky oil as it heats up on the skin is amazingly soothing
this made me glow
it looked so radiant
my makeup goes on like satin
lovely after the first use
the smell is earthy
i love the scent
did not give me the glow
didn't see any "glow"
it reminded me of the juice beauty apple peel being that it's all natural
the scent is lovely
for the next 7 days my skin looked so luminous
gives a glowy look without makeup
for a nice smooth complexion
they have a limited edition honey one too that is gorgeous
your skin is glowing
the resurfacing mask: this mask is for instant glow leaving the skin feeling smooth
the smell is floral but pleasant.
i love the natural scent of the mask
the glow it gives
my skin looks glowing instantly!
omg my skin was gorgeously smooth i didn't feel any texture it's glowy
give you a little radiance
this mask works so well for an instant glow
i love using it before special occasions or when i want my skin to look radiant
will smooth out texture
my skin just glows after using this product!
you wake up with such a glow
this is a lovely mask.
it has the classic peel tingle.
it truly provides a glow
the packaging is beautiful
does make the skin look radiant
this mask makes my skin glow the next morning!
this mask was super gentle.
it left my skin smooth and petal soft.
this one was gentle
instantly gave my skin a nice glow
my skin was fresh
i cannot believe how luxurious
my skin glowed and felt like baby skin.
my skin looked brighter
glowed after i used it
it does add radiance
if this product could sing it would sing that it can organically make my beautiful
kind of an odd smell
it works wonderfully for clear
my face was feeling dull
if you want a glowing complexion
this one is gentle
like it when i need a little glow
i've received so many compliments on how radiant i look
it makes my skin look luminous
my skin looks flawless
the added bonus is it smells beautiful!
my skin was glowing
although the scent is overpowering
smells of chamomile and other flowers.
smells kind of limes, i think?
this moisturizer is a lighter amount of smell than the lush marilyn
just with a bit of a more herbal/citrusy undertones
i see a lot of people complaining of smell i think they are nuts this smell is like flowers very earthy
i enjoy the scent- smells natural
it has a really lovely lavender/spa-like smell that i love
it's like aroma therapy!
love the glass bottle
i love natural jasmine
love that it is 100% natural
i spray a rose floral water
i love the cleanser and it smells like heaven!
i love the smell, and true texture is perfect.
one of the best products in the market to maintain a radiant
the cocktail of ingredients is just perfect.
make your skin glow
gorgeous soft skin that keep getting compliments.
my skin texture/tone is nicer
i like the citrusy smell of this cleanser.
scent is also pleasant.
this is a great cleanser that smells like fruity pebbles
i do only use it in the mornings because of the fruity scent
the scent is natural and refreshing.
my face has such a healthy glow.
it smells like froot-loops
leaves my skin fresh
the grapefruit smell is always nice
this product makes my face glow
my skin is vibrant
i love that it smells just like fruit loops cereal
i love the orange-y dreamsicle scent.
the scent is awakening
it leaves skin soft and supple and glow-y.
so wonderful seeing my face glow
definitely a light and gentle cleanser.
this cleanser has a lovely light refreshing clean scent
this is the grown-up version of the apricot scrub we all used in high school
i loved the scent
you only need a gentle scrub to achieve beautiful results
it smells delightful, not over powering.
my skin is so velvety
it smells like fruit loops
it smells like fruit loops
what i love the most it is how this cleanser leaves my face feeling bright
my makeup look flawless
this cleanser is beautifully refreshing
then i follow with floral essence spray
even though they smell delicious
i never use gritty scrubs on my skin
it smells great, fruity, not like perfume.
beautiful ingredients found in nature.
smells like pure heaven
leaves me feeling glowy
the cleanser smells like fresh grapefruit
has a lovely citrus scent
great treatment for a glow
at the same time it is gentle
i am also in love with the scent.
it smells fruity and clean.
this cleanser is divine
makes it glow beautifully
what a lovely surprise to be greeted with such outst
the light smell is intoxicating as well.
gentle exfoliation-not big pieces of rock
my skin is tightened and has a glow on it.
this smelled so fresh, and was so gentle.
gentle for my skin
it smells like orange sherbet!!
after one use, my skin was smooth and glowing.
you will see beautiful results quickly.
the scent is intoxicating
smells a little like fruity pebbles.
it cleans my make up and makes my skin glow.
the scent is a pleasant energizing citrus
i love the texture of this product
absorbs beautifully into the skin leaving a natural glow
this serum is absolutely heavenly.
the smell has the most amazing aromatherapy effect
i feel beautiful and relaxed all day.
the packaging is gorgeous
can get past the aroma
gorgeous texture and great results.
has a sweet scent to help lift spirits
the vibrant scent can take some adjustment
natural floral fragrance that dissipated over time
it's a very heavy floral
my skin is glowy
my skin was plumped
sooo natural and floral and botanical.
aren't used to a big end natural botanical line
this really is a lovely serum
i love the scent now
it is very creamy
youthful rejuvenation as time went on
fresh my face looks
leaving my skin bright
it also has a very strong floral scent that i'm not crazy about
my skin instantly looked brighter
hydrating floral essence too
smells like lavender to me
i like the scent though it is a strong lavender
tata harper's packaging is beautiful.
leaves a perfect foundation for moisturizer
herbaceous/essential oil/aromatherapy type stuff
the texture is smooth
flower extract sort of way
the earth-friendly packaging
not manufactured perfume scent or stinky like some of pericones
it's a very nice lemony fresh
if you don't like strong perfume scents this isn't the product for you
it is a delicate, natural scent.
on my skin it feels luxurious
earthy scent turns them off
i adored the scent
it plumps my skin and makes it dewy.
the scent is refreshing
floral with a little spice
i found the scent strong
i like the light texture
gives a cool sensation under your eyes
have a blue tint to them from allergies
it is so refreshing and relaxing.
i follow with the gin-zing eye cream after it absorbs a little
goes on crystal clear
i gave the origins varietal a try
the scent smells fresh, like citrus and fruits.
adds a little glow/dewy look
lightweight cream with a refreshing citrus smell.
so this product really does what it says "mega bright skin illuminating"
the illuminating was a bonus
the mega bright serum even has an illuminating sheen to it which gives the appearance of glowing skin
these products leave my face looking youthful
it does brighten your skin
i grew to love it's richness
the scent is pleasant as well.
negatives*did not notice any "glow" or illuminating effects
this face wash is gentle
a tiny dot creates a thick rich lather with a faint fresh smell
my skin is more vibrant
the way it leaves my face bright
leaves my skin glowing
my face looks brighter
it does give your skin a really nice glow
it does make my skin look more illuminated after use
my skin feels radiant after using this.
this cleanser is gorgeous.
i work in the sun
just adore it with my mineral foundation as well.
she goes to sleep with the most amazing assortment of products that leaves her face high gloss shiny
adds radiance to the skin
it has a pleasant texture
after 1 day, i woke up to radiant skin.
mixed with foundation for a more glowy dewy look
i remember that it made my skin glow
i think this product is a great product to mix in with you moisturizer for that subtle glow :
i look forward to the plump
it smells like rose tea
my face looked glowing
what a beautiful waking surprise
beautiful, smooth, radiant glowing skin.
this sinks in beautifully
looks gorgeous under makeup too!
is beautifully moisturising without being over oily
it gives a glow and subtle moisture.
it's effective and makes my skin so silky.
makes my skin glow
my skin looks bright
my skin is definitely more radiant now
my face had a wonderful glow all day
this oil leaves my skin very silky.
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it diminished my fine lines leaving my face flawless with a natural glow
the first night i used it i woke up with radiant skin
this product gives my skin an amazing glow.
i do feel like my skin has looked more radiant
silky without feeling greasy
my skin feels like silk
it has a subtle smell which is pleasant.
feels like silk in about 5 minutes
my skin looks flawless
my face literally glows
my skin has improved so much from this silky oil.
others have commented that my skin looks "luminous"
doesnt smell like oil or too perfume-y
gives me a wonderful glow
my skin looks brighter
it isn't greasy like other beauty oils
it has a pleasant smell
goes on beautifully with no oily residue
leaves my skin feeling oh so touchable
just makes you glow
my flakiness is gone
my makeup applies beautifully over this
my skin is glowing
my skin looks more radiant
love the subtle scent.
impart a lovely morning glow after nighttime use
it truly makes your skin glow by the time it's morning
my skin glows when i use this.
has a beautiful light scent
gives me a glow every time i apply it
really helps it glow the following morning
i love how my skin glows
my skin looked more even textured
my skin is brighter, smoother, and more radiant.
my complexion looks brighter
it looks more radiant too.
smooth out the lines on the face for the most beautiful glow
skin feels like satin
my skin has more of a glow
after an hour my skin is glowing
it has evened my skin tone to the point that i can just use some tinted iridescent powder
i wake up looking bright and refreshed.
a true "old school" odor that is reminiscent of estée lauder's older perfumes oddly
give me a fresh glow
my skin is glowing in the morning
the texture of my skin
my skin has a great glow to it
my skin looks brighter
more radiant the next day
this stuff was gentle
i can't wait to have the radiant skin i did when i was a teenager
along with my tarte maracuja oil
made it feel like velvet
it's richly moisturizing- the perfect layer beneath my day cream
makes my skin look beautiful
i know for sure it provides the skin with smooth silky texture with blurring effects
makes my face look dewy
the texture is silky
my skin feels like silk after putting it on
feels like velvet on your skin
first of all it goes on like silk
makes my skin feel silky smooth
the texture is heavenly
i find the products to be gentle on my skin
your face feels like satin
my skin looks flawless
it goes on to create a silky-smooth
it feels like silk on the skin
in fact it smells kind of like a citrus/herbal smell
it reminds me of lemon cake!
it glides on like silk and has a wonderful feel!
love the fresh citrusy smell
ever since i started using this daywear cream
it provides just the right amount of glow without looking overly shiny
it has a delicious cucumber scent that just makes me feel like i'm on a beach every time i put it on
the cream is luscious
i love the green cream has a cucumber scent to it
it has a wonderful fresh cucumber smell
this creme smells lovely
so a classic example of combination skin
it doesnt look dry, and has somewhat of a glow.
i love the way it smells.
felt my skin had a little more glow to it
this product feels heavenly.
smells amazing and super light and creamy.
it gives you a natural glowing wich it
i love the fresh cucumber scent
i personally find the scent to be fresh
am loving it- from the smell to the non greasy texture
my skin is gorgeous, my winkles are gone.
thanks to this night creme
i like the light fresh smell
i love the smell of this cream
i do like the smell and also the texture of it.
has a light rose scent
i fell in love with the pomegranates
the radiant look my skin had
i figured one that promised a radiant complexion
smelled like pomegranates was worth a try
gives my skin a radiant glow
both masks have a luxurious and soft texture.
both feel wonderful on -- 1st step instantly calmed my red/blotchy skin
moisturizers the skin beautifully
makes your eyes brighter
i love that my eyes look brighter
its a lite comforting balm
there might be a tint bit of a scent
i love the creamy consistency
love this eye cream!!
it feels silky smooth when you apply it
thanks to this beautiful product i no longer wake up with puffy
the gel-texture is amazing.
it makes my skin brighter
it has a great medium floral scent even when estee is known for having great overpowering scents
it came with the daywear creme
i've had gorgeous skin since i started using this
just a small amount goes on creamy
it is also soothing
i love the creaminess as it goes on
i love how silky my skin feels after i use it
the smell is addictive as well.
it is so creamy and smells wonderful.
and smells good, not acidy
it makes your face glow with cleanliness.
the smell is captivating
definitely gives me a glow
follow it with the mist
leaves skin with such a lovely glow.
it makes my skin naturally plump and luminous.
gives skin a nice healthy glow
i got blonde highlights in my hair
this oil makes my hair look so beautiful.
the light is perfect for my oily skin
armani luminous silk foundation
i love how dewy my face is with it
dewy, gorgeous skin for the day.
i recently got the josie maran glow essentials kit as a perk
smooth and supple and fluffy am in love!
occasionally mix this with my foundation for a dewy finish
it makes me glow
leaves more of a silky residue on my face
smells like olive oil to me
it leaves my combination skin plumped
i add a couple of drops of this argan oil to my beauty blender which creates the smoothest appearance to my skin
great feeling perfect glow to the skin
gives my make up a stunning glow
this will work wonders especially when paired with belif's aqua bomb
flaky that nothing helped
waking up with a nice glow
it just makes your skin lovely
the texture and smell is wonderful and sweet.
it gives it a lovely luminous
my skin looks subtle, soft and vibrant.
my skin tone was flawless
my skin literally glows
the fragrance is fresh
it absorbs well though it is very creamy.
delicate fragrance doesn't irritate me
subtle that i find it very pleasant
i love the texture and smell.
makes my skin dewy and fresh.
my skin looks radiant and firm.
wake up with beautiful glowing skin
it's also not pleasant
it leaves a light film
oh the scent is heavenly!
it is so gentle
i love the simplicity of one step to cleanser.
i like the nice, light scent.
it's a lovely, gentle product.
wonderful for removing matte lipstick.
t felt extra airy on the skin
the scent is quite pleasant
i am left with a very light fresh scent
try caudalie's divine oil as well
it's one of the best smelling scents on earth
it works like a charm
left my skin feeling silky smooth.
i love the smell its very calming
it has a subtle fresh scent
i love the scent
the smell is heavenly though
gentle-tones the skin
i found this so gentle on my eyes.
t's not a pleasant experience to sleep in
feels so luxurious and dewy.
it’s a life saver and it smells divine!
with the flakes returning after a day of rawness
just rinse with water in the morning for beautiful skin
this is thick, smells like a herbal honey.
feel the lusciousness of the honey
the other beautiful natural ingredients being absorbed into your skin
and my makeup looks flawless.
love the honey scent.
the texture is light/creamy with small grit from the honey
made my skin dewy
nice fragrance, easy absorption.
even left the clear parts of my skin with a nice luminous glow
this product is a classic
makes my skin look glowy
i've always struggled with "cakey" makeup.
leaves my skin so smooth like silk
the smell is a little weird
it smells like sour milk, but musky.
it is very creamy
it is scent-free
it makes my skin radiant and smooth.
soothes my under eyes wonderfully
which so perfectly fades the dark spots
love this eye cream.
my skin has begun the not so graceful aging process
very pleasant feel and light fragrance.
very lightweight and perfect texture.
plus the pinkish tint brightens
shiseido benefiance wrinkleresist24 intensive eye contour cream wich is wonderfully rich
i am in love with this eye cream it brightens instantly
it does quite a pink undertone in it
with less pink undertone in it
that's just because of the shade of the cream
the eye area isn't as dark
comforting for my combination skin
it gives me a little glow
goes on like a silky milk
the scent is calming
i feel feminine when using it
while it does have some shimmer to it
i noticed a beautiful glow to my skin that looked healthy
it gives my skin a healthy glow
it does leave somewhat of a floral fragrance
are so pleasant to use
this moisturizer smells absolutely heavenly.
love the scent and lightness of the lotion.
i also find that the scent is really pleasant
it's not a strong scent
white tea in the winter
the moisturizer smells amazing
the smell is a bit perfumed when you first put it on
gives me a nice glow without looking oily or feeling sticky
i enjoy the smell
some might find it too fragrant
the smell is a bit perfume-y
my skin has been looking pretty dreamy
nourished without the shine
it smells very feminine
with my first whiff
it has that really chemical artificial smell
gives me a slightly dewy look
there is a strong fragrance to it
it sinks in quick and has a lovely texture.
like other reviews it seems to give a nice subtle glow to your skin
this product has a wonderful sheen
my skin looks so radiant
has made my complexion radiant
the consistency is somewhat liquidy
the product is a little watery
the subtle "glow" is great at times
i wish they had a version of this without the "glow"
also gives it a nice glow
it's a very light and liquidy moisturizer.
it smells fresh, but not too overpowering.
leaves my skin dewy
my skin looks dewy and glowing and i love it.
the smell is very fragrant
are so pleasant to use
gives my face a healthy glow
it has a lovely scent.
gives me a nice glow
the product comes out milky
textured they are smooth
its so silky and lightweight.
the scent is another thing i love
it soaks into the skin so effortlessly i just adore it
her face is glowing
also, it leaves my face so smooth and bright.
for some reason loved the stinging/burning sensation
my skin is glowing
just an intense tingle
you still get a glow
the scent is not that pleasant after you put it on
my skin looked brighter
the smell is a bit odd
my face has a glow about it
the smell turns kind of funky and unpleasant.
beauty comes with a price
just like a classic medicated pad
it works like a charm
what nature smells like?
it has a fresh scent.
from the texture to the smell
delightful tamarind smell to it
you can find silky skin :
gentle---the perfect mask to put on
this cleanser smells a little strange with a waxy feeling
my skin is an amazing springy texture
i love how gentle
my skin has been looking more radiant
the ritual of using a warm muslin cloth with the cleanser is decadent
creamy cleansers leave me feeling like there's a film of oil on my face
the smell is so-so, a bit earthy.
around in the jar it becomes a luxurious lather that leaves your face soft
left a beautiful moisturized finished
the cloth is delightful to use with the cleanser
the whole hot-warm-cool ritual combined with the muslin cloth
it is a pretty mild fragrance
i think it smells fine
my skin glows now.
you know that warm and fuzzy feeling?
using this product is luxurious
texture are really luxurious
it even smells heavenly
i also love the scent!
it looks all glow-y
plus it smells so wonderful- herbal and clean.
skin feels like newly created perfect flesh after use
it brightens my face a lot
it is so luxurious and smells great.
i also really like the light chamomile scent.
applying this wonderfully scented cleanser on my dry face is like a massage
i like the smell
as corny as it sounds, i'm hooked on the ritual.
it has a rosy blush
it looks polished and positively pearly.
my cheekbones look highlighted
my face is glowing like a pearl!
i love the scent too - herbal but soft.
i also like the smell!
the smell is divine.
the muslin cloth makes me feel luxurious every day
the smell is a bit weiered
the scent is also very relaxing.
the smell is gorgeous
it creates a much better palette for makeup application in the morning
the texture is incredibly silky
not perfumy at all.
leaving it feeling silky
pure while feeling ultra luxurious on the skin
the scent is gorgeous
makes me skin look more radiant and feel awesome.
it's like s strange concoction of a smell that smells like acetone mixed with vanilla
it leaves your skin with a beautiful velvet-like texture
the color is such an odd greenish-yellow
at first the smell was a bit strange in a spicy sort of way
skin is more luminous
there was a lovely natural glow to my complexion that i have not seen in a while
bright that i’ve even toned down the amount of makeup i wear to work
my face is shining
brightening or evening my skin tone
it tingles at first, but in a refreshing way.
it has a light smell to it
as you massage it in the scent fades
it does have a strong smell of cloves
at first its creamy
my skin looks like it glows
i don't have a problem with the eucalyptus scent at all
cleaned my skin beautifully
it melts into the skin beautifully.
the smell is wonderful to me kind of herbal
the clove scent is divine!
the clove scent is strong
it literally smells like a horse barn
love this morning cleanserleaves your skin radiant
this product is magical!!
i usually use the brightening cleanser from the white lucent line
it's a nice smooth creamy wash
the cleaner is perfect for my skin
it seems to be calming
afterwards your skin will fabulously glow
gives your face a cool sensation
textures of this line too
this is so soothing
seemed to have a new radiance
the scent is beautiful
i love the texture
i love the scent
it has more of a creamy consistency which blends into the skin not just sitting on the surface
a new brightness to my complexion
the smell is lovely
with some fine "smile wrinkles"
super lovely, super effective.
the scent is light, fresh and lovely.
it tingles a bit at first
it is amazing for lines and tones of your skin.
this has a creamy consistency
which reminds me of the forest
gives a little glow under the eyes
finishes with a dewy finish
the tip is just lovely.
left my eyes glowing
not in a sparkly way
wonderfully eye cream for the daytime!
it blends in nicely
the white color really illuminates the area around my eyes
my eyes look bright
this daytime eye cream is fabulous.
the design is adorable.
on an olive skinned person
i also love the scent
perfume-y for my taste
my skin is glowing
almost all my dark spot vanished by this magical serum
my skin is luminous
the sun spot is in my wedding pictures :o
at first it does give a good glow to the skin
gives me a beautiful glow instantly
a very very light tint
softness in addition to dark spot corrector
it has some sparkle but it blends nicely.
i also loved the red-pink packaging which i think is so chic
it comes out a pale glittery pink color
i find #1 makes my skin look peachy
gave it a bit of a reddish undertone
just beware this product is tinted
does change the overall glow/complexion of your skin when applied
it does have a pinkish red tint to it though.
lit-from-with-in my skin looks
i find it quite pleasant
leaves my skin glowing and plumps up fine lines.
your skin is absolutely luminous
this night cream is so rich
i love this lotion's light scent and feel.
it is creamy yet light
while it felt lovely
my skin looks radiant in the morning.
i love the smell of this and how rich it is.
it makes my skin look so beautiful
my face looks radiant in the morning
it's amazing and made my face glow.
one passer by at my local smokey bones restaurant
greasy for my taste
i like it - sort of citrusy to me.
full creamy texture and smells nice.
this truly does make your skin feel luxurious
exfoliates my skin leaving it bright
love its fragrant smell
i love the smell and softness.
your skin won't feel super silky
vibrant like when i use this murad cleanser
leaving me with a glow
it's lather is so creamy and soothing.
as it was very creamy
it is very creamy
it gives me a glowing complexion
like the very mild fragrance
it cleanses even better than i expected it would from a creamy formula
it makes my skin divine
i love the texture also.
the texture is amazing and i enjoy the smell.
i loved the creamy texture
makes my skin glow
it's not as silky in the morning as i was anticipating
my skin is brighter
it manages to be gentle
fragrance free, smooth texture, and very gentle.
this product is creamy
cleans my pores beautifully
love the scent as well.
my skin looks dewy and fresh.
tones in one step
love he pearlized consistency.
murad resurgence products have a nice clean scent without being too perfumey
skin turns smooth as silk.
leaves my skin glowing!
also love the light smell...fresh and natural.
your face radiates and feels years younger.
the scent is fresh with citrus
i love the texture and smell.
leaves me feeling fresh
your skin will glow!
gives me back my glow.
it's really calming and soothing.
it has a clear glow .
i wake up with bouncy, radiant, smooth skin.
my skin has never looked so radiant!
it really does make your skin glow.
this mask is magic.
my skin is brighter
wake up with beautiful skin
leaves it feeling fresh
also makes my skin glassy-smooth
after a minute it's very soothing
it's kind silky/smooth
is perfect for after peels
i always have a glow from wearing it
it makes my skin look brighter
my skin always looks radiant
i love that the scent is mild
it makes my makeup dewy
i wake up to beautiful
perfect to calm skin after sun exposure.
it wears wonderfully on the skin
refreshing on your skin
it was baby soft and even had a nice glow.
the next morning my skin is bright
made my skin glow
has a very pleasant smell
perfect for after sun exposure.
refreshing mask this is it
strong enough to conquer my oiliness
it takes for all sings of makeup
love: perfect cleanser no more words
mostly just a tinted moisturizer
my skin looks brighter
it smells heavenly when i put it on.
this is a great non pore clogging oil that smells heavenly
it smells like coconut
the beautiful rose/floral scent of this oil makes you want to use it all over your body
i love the scent, reminds me of bazooka gum.
this dilo oil perfects my skin
very light oil that has a nice scent
the way in makes my skin glow
skin seems more glowy
it has a wonderfully pleasant
light banana-coconut scent
i am definitely not a fan of the tropical/coconut smell
gives me a great dewy glow
makes my skin feel like silk
this oil keeps my skin glowing
the smell is beautiful.
the softness you are left with is addictive to the touch
i love the lightness & the smell.
looks luminous after applying
this product is gentle
i adore the banana-esque scent!
just leaves an amazing dewy glow
it gives your skin a healthy glow
gave it a refined texture
which was a pleasant surprise
make my skin glow
my skin is glowing
i find it very luxurious
it truly does give radiant essence to the skin
it's light on the skin, and smells greats too.
it is glowing and younger looking.
no allergic reactions and it smells really nice.
almost like a coconut or something tropical.
has a really subtle scent
it has a nice light scent.
pm as it is so soothing
the gardenia smell is very strong
leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
evens skin tone with its tint
it feels really soothing and smells very organic!
is perfect for soothing skin overnight
paired with the liquid its a perfect combo!
i love the texture of this cream
as its a nice thick moisturizer
it's also a beautiful moisture base before i do my makeup
glowing skin when i use this day
leaves an amazing finish and texture.
i searched so long to find something that felt creamy
in the blue bottle
to me is smells like a high-end spa.
i will say it does leave a luminous finish on my skin
which is zero scent
it makes my skin look airbrushed!
hydrates wonderfully without leaving an oily film
this cream is creamy
i love the mild scent.
it has a lovely texture
the smell is heavenly
i absolutely love the calming scent
the texture of this cream
i mix this in with the kevyn aucoin sensual skin enhancer during the the day
it also has a calming scent that i absolutely love
skin is dewey and plump.
this works just perfectly with my lush cosmetics cleansers
it has a slight citrusy-type smell
the beige color thick cream has somewhat unique herbal kind of smell
almost like eucalyptus or tea tree
make up also glides on beautifully over it.
my skin is brighter & looks more plump.
i also bought the tarte sea foundation
because it works wonderfully
creamy without being heavy or greasy
i find the slightly earthy fragrance very pleasing
my skin loved this cream!
it has a light botanical scent that dissipates within minutes
this soaks into my skin beautifully
this cream is amazing it gives your skin an amazing glow to it it leaves it so soft
i love the light botanical scent.
i find the smell very invigorating
the smell is also fresh
silkier cream that i love for every season
scent is very light
this stuff smells like spa too.
perfect for layering under makeup
this has added a nice glow
more youthful appearance to my skin
i think may coop edges out over this product for how it makes my skin more radiant
my makeup goes on beautifully over this liquid.
maybe the day tint
smells medicinal in a fresh way
it has a light floral scent
the liquid and cream are the perfect combo !
love the fresh scent
i love the texture
my skin looks gorgeous and healthy.
complexion looks sooooo amazing
i found the scent pleasant
it gives me a nice glow when i use it.
my skin looks plump
i love the smell, the texture, everything!
def has an inner glow look to it
my skin was dull
makes my skin look dewy
it smells like an expensive spa mask.
it leaves my skin dewy
it creates a beautiful canvas
it creates the most beautiful canvas for makeup application
it gives a nice glow
makeup goes on wonderfully
the raw sauce works well
my skin has been disgustingly crunchy
my skin has this dewy glow
my skin is stunning
my skin drinks it up and glows.
this makes my skin feel silky
i now have dewy glow moisturized skin!
my cheeks were bright red
my skin is glowing!
has a beautiful overall texture after using this for a month
the first day i used it i noticed a glow.
it is thick and creamy and moisturized.
my skin glows all day.
it's very light liquidy substance
it leaves your skin feeling like silk.
it makes my skin glow.
fragrant oils in it
it left my face with the most beautiful glow
it has an interesting scent
not the typical floral scent of some other high-end lines
it leaves my face instantly soft and radiant.
this cream is so luxurious
it's super gentle on my dryish skin
s that i have a flawless complexion
leaves skin feeling silky smooth
the tiniest amount yields a luxurious creamy foam that also smells divine
face into a creamy foam
i wanted something gentle
one thing i don't like is that it isn't fragrant free
it is gentle but works wonders.
kind of smells old lady-ish
it lathers up beautifully
feels very luxurious on the skin
my skin is brighter
the ibuki gentle cleanser is my favorite
brightened by skin tone
there is a mild smell
wonderful, gentle, luxurious, so indulgent.
a pea-sized dab lathers up beautifully.
didn't like the fact that is bleached fabrics
was pleasantly surprised that it cleanses without irritating my skin at all
the lather on this one is fabulous
super creamy feeling for a foaming cleanser
my skin feels amazingly smooth and silky.
are so pleasant to use
i find this sensuously gentle
this one is so fluffy in texture
the scent is heavenly
is gentle around the eyes
giving me a fresh glow
just like i have a healthy glow
it has a creamy and milky texture.
it is quite foamy
my skin is brighter
evened out my skin tones
it also feels very silky and luxurious.
it will create a very smooth creamy lather
it is very creamy with rich lather
i love that it's gentle
this is similar to the shiseido extra creamy gentle cleanser
it suds up nicely
love how velvety and luxurious this cleanser is!
i don't feel any funky residue nor dryness
fresh scent that is not overpowering
evenness in my skin
there is a slightly strong fragrance that i don't mind
also has a nice subtle smell that is not too perfumy
my skin is smooth and glows as never.
flaky in the winter
the smell is gentle
it seems a bit more radiant
dewy than it was before
felt like dragon skin
doesn't smell very natural
which doesn't come off shimmery or shiny
seems to just kind of blur imperfections so my skin has a nice even glow
giorgi armani lasting silk foundation
the smell is heavenly to me
it may smell a bit powdery
it i was feeling adventurous
it creates a healthy glow underneath my makeup
my spots are fading into a curiously mottled kind of complexion
my skin is literally glowing and plump.
it smells so lovely
my skin also looks so much healthier and radiant.
i like the smell.
i love the scent, as well--pleasant application.
my skin felt so beautiful
it does smell very rosy in the container
there is a slight floral scent
not drying-faint lovely rosey smell that goes away soon after its on-has evened out my skin tone
also note that is has a lovely fragrance
i think it smells lovely
this product is very luxurious.
are so pleasant to use
my skin looks more radiant
the fragrance is noticeable, but pleasant.
i love the aroma
rich lux cream for day & night!
my skin is glowing
it absorbs beautifully into my skin
my skin had its glow back
my face has a nicer glow to it
the scent is mild, like all shiseido's product.
super off putting scent
smells like old lady perfume
the smell is light
my makeup goes on beautifully
no breakouts..just beautiful.
my skin has never looked so radiant!
it feels very luxe
it blends into my face like silk
i think it smells fine
the scent is amazing
it is thick and smells great.
this cream is delicious!
the scent it would be five stars
i saw skin that was sculpted nicely
do not age makes the skin glow.
love this new cream!!!
i notice a renewed plumpness and smoothness.
this cream is beautiful
i love this thick, rich cream.
it has a light subtle scent.
i cannot wait to purchase the serum which looks so beautiful in the stores with these pearls inside
i just love the texture of this cream.
soothing on the eyes
love this eye cream.
this velvet-cream textured "wonder child" delivers peptides
has a very subtle scent, very spa like.
i really like the texture, which feels buttery.
not to mention it leaves my skin shimmering with a beautiful glow
this cream does a lot to brighten
love this eye cream!
i love the scent!
love this eye cream!
the scent and consistency are very pleasant.
it's a very subtle difference
there is a brightness to my eye
just love the velvety texture when putting it on
which is very herby
foundation go on like silk
it has made my skin look gorgeous
it makes my skin glow
this serum smoothes the surface of the skin instantly to give it a silky soft finish
in the morning my face had a very nice glow
my skin looked very silky
made my skin radiant
every morning it glows!!
vibrant since i began using this product
my face looked like i'd infused it with water
has a faint smell of roses
have def noticed my skin having more of a nice glow
it has a faint smell of flowers
it creates a beautiful dewy foundation look
my under eyes were bright
gives me a glow i didn't have before
it doesn't have a foul smell or pleasant scent
my skin is luminous when i use this
i don't have shiny
loved the argan oil
moisturizers enhance that rosy glow
wake up with glowing fresh skin
this oil has a pleasant light smell
it makes my skin luminous
or my favorite evian mist
my skin was dull
i love the scent it's a soft refreshing scent
beautiful under makeup too!
perfect on my combo-oily skin
i now have radiant skin as well
not only did i notice how radiant it made my skin
i would continue using this product since it has also given me glory radiant looking skin since using this product
i like the floral scent
it also smells heavenly.
my skin has maintained its glow
it has such a natural glow now
and it smells like rosewater!
my skin looks glowing
it also had a nice floral smell.
love this eye cream!
the texture of this cream is very silky so a little goes a long way
it smells like soft flowers to me.
i enjoyed the smell
the smell is subtle and calming, in my opinion.
felt gentle -- kind of like a special treat
smells like a woman should
it will be a gentle
the scent is somewhat citrusy
the smell of this is heavenly
the light rosy scent is calming
i love the formula/texture
it takes make up off beautifully
it also has a pleasant scent.
sort of like sweet plastic.
the smell is slightly rose-y
leaves my skin looking glowy
has a nice glow to it
my face is glowing in the morning
as a bonus, it has a pleasant floral scent.
my skin glows after using it.
it leaves my fave baby soft and i love the smell!
i liked the scent
the smell is relaxing
my skin glows in the morning
love the fragrance of the product too!
you get this glow from it.
i like to glam glow thirsty mud just as much as i love this one
goes on so creamy
rich w barely a scent
my face feels lovely
the smell is just gorgeous
love the smell-which is close to geranium scent.
like roses with citrus
the smell is refreshing
i enjoy the smell
i like floral fresh things
i think it smells a little like fruit loops
as for the texture
yes the texture is strange
the smell is odd
my face is just glowing
i am torn because it makes my skin look gorgeous
it smells nicely too; love this mask!
the consistency transforms from a cream to a silky
the scent is beautiful but not overpowering.
my skin was looking dull
there was nothing sexy about it.
the smell is calming yet also energizing
glowing face every morning
leaves your face glowing
lets me wake up with a bit of a glow.
lovely cream is light enough to use under my bb cream
leaves your skin super glowy
it has a pleasant scent
i fall asleep to a subtle rose scent
cauldalie sorbet in the morning
skin is much more luminous
this mask is so soothing.
the rose-like scent
i yearn for a posher packaging
my skin looks so bright
it almost plumps up your skin and makes you glow.
i really like the light rose fragrance!
my face is gorgeous in the morning
magical feeling like unicorns tears moisturized
this is heavenly for dry skin especially under makeup
this creme feels like
as people said in the reviews it smells perfumy
my face is glowing
this is the most lovely cream that has ever graced my 31 year old face
lightly scented, heavyweight cream.
it gives my skin a nice glow as the day progresses
i love the texture
the scent of this one for me is fine.
this stuff makes my skin look like silk
leaves it silky smooth
leaves skin glowing, brighter, and moisturized.
the scent is very pleasant
my skin was glowing
no kidding, the texture is smooth,creamy,subtle.
it has brightening pigments in it which i can see when i swatch this on my h
it brightens my under eye darkness instantly
with the dark circle minimizer
now i only use my mega-bright moisturizer as a night cream occasionally
i find it refreshing
my eyes look brighter
it's the only cream that has lightened my purple dark circles
i love the texture and the smell.
it made my eyes so bright
has a good sun screen in it
the slight shimmer in this cream definitely diffuses them
because it has a lighter texture
it gives the eyes a subtle glow that is more natural looking compared to ginzing
it is much creamier
my eyes look brighter
for the price this eye cream is refreshing
i feel this product does a good job brightening up the dark/purplish shadow
does not leave behind any shimmer or sparkle
i love citrus smelling products
it's super refreshing in the morning
my complexion looks brighter after using this product
it has a smell to it
this stuff makes my skin glow.
not in the i'm glowing/shiny with sweat/oil kinda way
glow of youth kind of way
sun spots are also fading.
it also has a nice light fragrance.
makes my skin glow
love the feel and smells pleasant.
is not perfumed or metallic
my skin is just glowing
very rich, nice and dewy.
this moisturizer feels like velvet.
my skin looks luminous but not greasy.
my skin feels brighter
radiance from my skin
my overall skin tone is visibly radiant
the skin glows with moisture
i love the texture of this product
my 6-year old said it smells like frosting
i think it smells like horchata
shiver thinking about the price
really into the bouncy texture of it
my skin is radiant
it smells like snickerdoodles (dunkaroos anyone).
smell can be described as a hint of coconut
not overpowering or fake smelling either
the texture was weird at first
my skin looked porcelain
give me a natural glow as well
the stuff makes my skin glow when i wake up!
the smell is kinda funky
if you like horchata you will love the scent of this cream
soothing for the skin
personally, it smells like a piña colada to me.
has a nice light fragrance too.
it has a heavenly scent.
wonderful under tinted moisturizer
you must try this we'll keep secret to glowingly radiant skin
it does have a vanilla smell
healthier looking skin in the ten-ish
?has it transformed my skin into perfection?
and i love the scent.
i noticed an instant glow
the light whipped feeling of this cream
other reviews says it smells like vanilla cupcake
i feel like it really imparts a radiance to my skin
the scent reminds me of cocoa beans
it's light textured with an unobtrusive scent
my flakiness is gone, my skin is glowing.
and just gives me a wonderful "glow".
the texture is a little strange
this is a richer cream
my sun spots aren't fading
also it smells like icing!
my skin is brighter
more radiant then it has been in years
it has a wonderful light scent
almost like a marshmallow treat
i like the smell
to me it smells like vanilla coconut custard.
told me that my makeup made me look like i had a dewy glow
this must be made of heaven, its just so lovely.
this goes on creamy
my skin feels like silk.
it smells kinds weird
it's like buttercream frosting.
this is not a perfume-type scent
some describe it as a vanilla custard scent
the cream is lovely
i loves the scent
i love the fine & light texture.
or just plain weird facial expressions
the smell is also delightful
i could honestly swear that it smells like carrot cake with cream cheese icing
it just smelled artificial
its plumping is nice for any dull skin or small fine lines
my skin looks brighter
i love the texture
creamy yet gel-like texture
absorbs wonderfully into skin.
the smell is lovely and coconutty!
it is silky and smooth.
i also love the smell
what i really appreciate is the youthful glow that's once again apparent in my complexion
i liked the scent
the non-greasy lightness of the product
i feel like a face mask shouldn't have a pleasant smell
was as satisfyingly de-clogging
refreshing as the black mask
although i love the fun colors
this mask goes on refreshing
i never use a purifying mask without a creamy follow up
i love the slight rosemary scent
i wish it smelled nicer
i love the satisfying feeling of peeling it off!
my complexion looks lovely
makes my skin look radiant
this mask is surprisingly refreshing
it's weirdly satisfying to take off
i tried this after loving the first aid beauty face cleaner
the red clay is soothing.
leaves my face nice and matte!
gave it a healthy glow
i will co tinge buying this product.
i looked super creepy with the mask on
i like the scent
i feel like it does it all- minty tingles
this mask is lovely.
although it didn't have the most pleasant scent
my face has "that glow"
this mask is georgeous.
kind of cinnamon-y but not really.
the scent is very calming to the palette
my skin looked matte
i like that the red clay leaves a matte finish
i really like the rosemary scent as well.
with a clay-like smell
gives the appearance of sparkles
balanced my skin beautifully
definitely helped with radiance and softness.
the smell isn't weird or overpowering
i love the red clay concept
radiant it makes my skin look
and the color is so cool.
tatcha indigo soothing rice enzyme
the scent is not overwhelming
the texture is a bit foamy
i love the red clay
i swear my skin is glowing
i love how bright my skin is in the morning after i wash my face
it brightens and helps keep my skin glowing.
my skin is brighter
pair this with the korres wild rose sauvage
my skin color is starting to blend in again
i love how bright
there is a citrus smell
this has turned my acne prone skin silky smooth
moisturizer to go along with this to achieve beautiful skin
my face looks brighter
my skin is bright
is visually plumper is the morning after using this product
my goal is not to have a shade of tan on my face
i love the citrus scent.
this bottle of sunshine brightens
need to brighten my complexion as well
my face is so bright
my skin looks brighter
i like the scent
give you a luminous lasting glow
a glow in my skin
it smells just like oranges
that i had a certain glow to me
have a unique scent which i find quite comforting
to me it smells like fake tanner
thats the smell of this delicious product!
the smell of fresh oranges
makes my skin brighter
it brightened my skin
gave me a wonderful glow
while providing a great glow
cue angels singing and light shining down.
my skin was not only so vibrant
i saw results of my skin looking beautifully bright within one week
it works beautifully as a mask
it really brightened up my skin tone
i also like the light orange smell it has.
my skin has an radiant look
brightens as it moisturizes
bright, smooth, firm skin the next morning.
i felt like i was glowing.
the glam glow i thought was just so-so
my skin is glowing
it does have a strong camu camu scent
my skin looks dull
love this eye cream!
hydrates that delicate piece of skin
i love the texture of it.
creamy that i love putting it on
are finally light enough i can wear lighter shades of colors
pleasant aroma of the black tea
the scent is pleasant.
wore beautifully under my makeup
i like the texture and scent of the product.
it gives such a beautiful glow to the eye area.
love this creamy eye cream.
i love the cooling sensation
actually brightens my eyes!
the light smell of this product
has a nice light scent
it's creamy texture is easy to apply
it is rich and creamy, but doesn't leave a film.
lovely hydrating eye cream
this eye cream has made me a believer in the fresh black tea line
it has a lovely scent
like a light coconut smell
skin tone is bright
some smelled like rotten fish, some like flowers.
this is the perfect daytime eye cream!
i started using fresh lotus moisturizer which is way better priced
amazing product for puffy eyes.
my undereye looks more plump
the scent was mild
the formula was creamy
it is a nice thick cream
the tea concentrate is subtle enough to smell without burning or being overpowering
this eye cream is super refreshing
it has a light creamy texture
love this eye cream.
has a nice silky cream texture
light and creamy with no build up.
it feels like a luxurious
this makes my skin glow
it penetrates my skin so beautifully
leaves me looking glowy
my makeup looks flawless!!
it makes your skin glow
it gives my dry skin a glow!
the argan milk is a very creamy
the scaly-ness of my eyes became plump
leaves me quite shiny
flakiness gone pure radiance
there is a subtle glow after it is applied.
my face is bright with no flakes in the morning.
this provides just enough moisture to allow my skin to glow
also leaves a beautiful glow behind
gives me a luminous look under makeup.
perfect for anyone with oily skin or combo
an amazing gift for your skin after a day in the sun
it is perfection in a bottle.
calm with a slight sheen
it's so soothing and calming.
it's like a tall drink of water for my skin!
after one use my skin looked more dewy
this left my skin so silky
it gives my skin a beautiful glow.
inn the summer it makes your skin look really oily
i love how rich and creamy it is.
smells just like coconut- love!
first of all it has a warm vanilla smell that isn't too strong
i've had some great results from all the glam glow products so far
this glam glow mask is truly amazing.
is so creamy without feeling heavy
it kinda smells like coconut/tropical to me
or oddly drying like a gel.
and it smells like heaven!
the jar is super cute
it feels amazing on freshly exfoliated skin
it's description sounded super boring compared to the glam glow masks
leaves my skin bright
it leaves me fresh and glowing always!
other than that, it's lovely.
it smells great and i love the thick formula.
like a tropical vacation for your face
i love the light coconut scent.
the fragrance is quite pleasing.
it smells like oatmeal to me
the smell is lovely
a nice coconut scent not overpowering
i love the cool tingly feeling
the intense coconut smell
this product smells to me a little cocoa
keep my natural glow
it makes my skin glow and smells wonderful.
and it smells like cookies so, bonus!
there's a light tingling feeling
it gives my skin such a beautiful glow
it smells ridiculously delicious
it feels like you are on a tropical isl
leaves your skin glowing
considering how expensive the glam glow products are
i've always been skeptical about glam glow
my skin looks radiant
it's buttery and your skin will just love it.
it creates a stunning glow when used as a foundation base
for starters it has a lovely subtle cocoa
incredibly luxurious skin cream.
smells lovely, i am 36 and it plumps my skin.
my lines look faint
it is rich and creamy and is a great night creme!
i love the fragrance..light and fresh.
the texture is very creamy
i love the mild scent.
the way it glows
fullness from using it on my eyes as well
this cream is spendy
have always had unquenchable skin
i feel my face looks radiant.
never a smell or fragrance
my skin looks luminous, jyouthful, and healthy.
it is very creamy
this creme makes it a pleasure!
to me it has hints of cinnamon maybe.
divine oil with amazing results
the nice fresh smell
makes my makeup look brighter
it smells like roses to me and i love it.
looked glowing without any makeup
i don't care for the rose scent at all
this cream smells like a combo of cherry blossoms
i find that the scent is reminiscent of honey
my skin looks bright
the smell of this cream is divine: like roses
glowing my skin looked
this cream is rich and thick.
it does give me a dewy glow
leaves my skin looking glowy
my skin is bright
my face has never looked smoother or more luminous
i love the light scent
the scent is lovely and very light.
i love the soufflé texture it has
moistening sorbet are all great products
i tried the cream rich
it is rich but silky and smooth over the face.
this cream is so luxurious and rich.
my undereye looks crepe-y after about 30 minutes
it's just creamy enough to go on smoothly
which i prefer over sun screen
an essential for anyone that lives in a sunny city like la
the skin is smooth, wrinkle free and luminous.
very light and creamy, absorbs right away.
brightens the eye area a bit.
it has a nice texture that isn't too thick
i always wear sun protection to
like almost alabaster white
it also gives you a natural glow finish.
the rose scent is lovely
i love my tinted moisturizer
is gentle on the skin
the smell is light
i found this product calming on my skin
it has a light rose scent, not overwhelming.
this product is soothing
the extremely slight scent of roses is just enough to be relaxing
smells great, no beak outs and is also soothing.
it has a nice smell too, very rosey.
soothing, refreshing, simple to use.
lovely in the morning.
it has no scent and is gentle on the skin.
it has a pleasant rose fragrance
it has a nice rose scent
it's perfect for a makeup remover
i like the purple packages of clinique cleansing line
this one is no flavor.
it takes your makeup gentle and easy.
leaves my skin as smooth as silk
this product is silky
leaves my skin a little bit glowy
saw my skin brighten
even my dark colored lipstick
it's non-drying, silky and effective.
which turns the oil into a beautiful milky wash
i love the texture of it
leaves skin bright, clear and even.
has a satin like feeling
it makes my skin purple.
very light primer and blurs imperfections great.
but that sephora chic got me hooked on it.
my skin looked flawless & radiant!!
my skin looks like porcelain
my skin looks beautiful
gives a little airbrushed effect
the transformation to bright green as it does its magic… notice that my skin glows
the texture was different in that it is more creamy
the scent hyponese drama mascara actually gives me a headache
it is also very fragrant/ perfumey
i like my scent from a perfume bottle
creates a perfect palate for a beauty balm or foundation
i personally like the aroma of the cream
the smell is natural
the scent is so fresh as well
to me it smells almost like cucumbers
it hydrates and smooths skin beautifully.
it does have a scent
it leaves your skin radiant
the cucumber smell mentioned in other reviews is very soothing
the smell is very calming
this fresh product has a light
it does have a strong scent of cucumbers
i love the scent
my favorite lotion for giving a fresh dewy look on bare skin
this i love for the lightness
my skin is glowing
my skin feels silky smooth all day
to me kind of smells like sweet relish
still not the prettiest smell
gives a slight dewy look to the skin
i like the smell
my oiliness is balanced out
natural scent this product is for you
this was a lovely lightweight moisturizer perfect for summer when your skin craves just enough protection
bring in a nice glow
it's truly refreshing and my skin is radiant.
the scent is really fresh (go figure!)
gives a nice radiance under my foundation
this lotion is lovely.
has a faint smell of lotus
absorbs quickly with a hint of the lotus fragrance
within minutes your face is silky
i love how bright and smooth my skin looks.
this mask goes on in a creamy fashion
you have silky smooth
i also really appreciate the unobtrusive smell of the mask
it detoxes, brightens, softens texture, and more.
want that extra "glow
my skin was textured
just makes me glow
my skin is perfection
way up there with the glam glow truly works
it gives my skin a beautiful luminous glow immediately after use
it has a wonderful minty smell.
it's creamy and non-drying.
the minty feeling/smell is so relaxing
my skin looks more luminous
this mask makes your skin glow after use.
it turns a darker shade of green.
cloro plasma is more effective than glam glow supermud
it seems to give my skin a radiance and glow.
it looked more radiant
glam glow supermud did nothing for me
it completely lacks the stinging tingle of the glamglow line
makes my skin look radiant
pop resulting in a darker green color
it's very creamy in texture
my skin glows after each use
i loved the texture of this product
super creamy going on
this smells like eucalyptus
am quite familiar with that slight fishy smell
very gentle and non-drying clay textured.
glam glow super-mud
my skin was firm, radiant and smmmmmmmmoooooth...
it has a faint scent that is a far departure from perricone's signature trademark fragrance
love how the mask turns color
baby soft skin and radiant??
leaves the skin with a glow
the glam glow didn't work for me
i actually like this 1000x better than the glam glow masks
make my skin glow
i went into sephora to get another glam glow
its very light and i love the texture.
my skin is combo/oily and it's perfect.
i love the bright citrus-y smell
has a lovely fresh citrus fragrance.
i wouldn't say it is particularly greasy it has a more dewy/natural glow finish to it
leaves the glow like i'm talking about
the smell has a citrus scent to it
i love it as it smells fresh
this moisturizer is just lovely
it definitely illuminates the skin
rew weil for origins™ mega-bright spf 30 smells lovely
it leaves your skin brighten
mega-bright is a bit thicker than a perfect world
it brightens my skin
also leaves it feeling velvety
i love that it smells fresh
it does smell a little bit like wildflowers
with this moisturizer i noticed a plum glow to my skin
smells something like lemons
finally tried mega bright and love it!
this moisturizer is light and creamy.
gave it a natural healthy glow
he loves the smell
makes my skin so radiant
adds a radiance to my complexion
make my skin glow
the radiance on your face
feels smooth on (not tacky).
like the way my skin is glowing.
my skin looks fantastic: it's brighter
this product is great for making you look more luminous
it leaves my skin with a nice glow
this is definitely a radiance booster
really just more radiant in general
it absorbs like a dream
i love the texture
clinique all about eyes rich
the tint is just fair enough to cover
my under eyes are dark purple
the brightening sheer apricot color looked great in the store
this did not crease or accentuate my fine lines
look fresh as a daisy
it does a great job covering my dark circles without being cakey
and it is soothing to the skin.
the tint brings a bit of colour allowing some coverage for dark circles
love this eye cream.
it instantly brightens which i love.
it blends in nicely
i love the cooling sensation
the light tint helps hides dark circles without a heavy or cakey effect
i still use the lighter shade
it's also very creamy
then a light layer of something brightening like the ysl touche eclat
i like the way it brightens my eyes
the cream comes out light pink
the metallic applicator does feel nice
soothing on puffy eyes
this is perfect for lighter makeup days
i didn't want to look cakey
my eye area looks so bright
ncredibly refreshing in the morning
it actually works for brightening any blueish tones you might have under your eyes
the nude tone of the product blends well with my foundation
bright undereye look i've been searching for
depuffs the eye while feeling refreshing
blue that i have
blend with my ring finger
brightens the under eye area
it's got a bit of a tint to it
the fair/medium corrects the color with it's slightly pink/peach shade
it takes forever to blend in
it instantly brightens my eyes.
this is a nice light eye brightener.
gentle on delicate skin under eyes
it gives just a bit of brightness to my undereyes
brightens up my skin
silky my skin feels after using this product
my skin looks bright
helped smooth some rough textured areas
the texture is a little dry instead of creamy
which makes it feel a little less luxurious
it makes it feel silky smooth
i love the scent
the algae is very soothing.
makes it youthful looking
the smell and texture of the mask are amazing.
my skin is brighter
it smells very fresh
leaves my skin soft and radiant.
this mask made my skin look bright and balanced.
my facial skin seems to brighten
how dull my complexion looks
it instantly brightens my complexion
it has replaced my glam glow mask.
my skin was so bright and it lasted.
this does brighten up my complexion
earthy scent that i do not find objectionable
after one use my skin was glowing
the texture is weird
has a nice fresh scent and is non-irritating.
i love the smell of algeronic acid!
skin is instantly brighter
i brought so many masks glam glow i have all 4
i love the white one
which i love mega minty
my olive complexion had a glow
it brightens the skin giving it a healthy glow
my skin does look brighter by a shade.
in conjunction with my glam glow mud to oil cleanser
this mask is so luxurious.
brightens and evens skin tone beautifully
it instantly brightens and detoxes the skin!
my skin has it's suppleness
glow back after a sallow spell
it brightened my skin
i love using this gel cream under foundation as it gives a perfect glow
it has made my skin look more vibrant
my skin is glowing
there is no scent
makes your skin feel beautiful after
just like the radiance booster
my skin looks more radiant
the texture is very creamy without being greasy in the slightest
this product is similar in texture to the dior hydra life sorbet
feels very silky on the skin
sinks in so beautifully
this goes great under makeup for daywear
subtle fresh/fruity/floral scent
i loved the hot cloth.
gives me a sexy glow!
it's a nice light rose scent
creamy leaving my skin supple
so gentle and smells of roses!
love the cloth it comes with
the faint rose smell is soothing
creamy without being too heavy
gives me a nice glow after i use it.
also find the hot cloth relaxing.
the smell is subtle too and refreshing.
the smell is strongly rose scented
almost borders on cloying
smells good, very gentle and creamy.
the rose scent is lovely as well!
especially breathing in rosy aromas
the scent is rosy
a delight to use every night
the cloth that comes with this cleanser has the perfect texture too
this product smells so rosy.
the use of the hot cloth makes for a relaxing mini facial treatment
this is a lovely all in one.
the smell is subtle.
the rose smell is light
not at all cloying
you can smell the extra ingredients in the mask along with the nice rose scent
the mask also smells yummy
your skin will be glowing
the smell is very pleasant
my skin is glowing!
this is a lightweight gel mask that smells heavenly
skin feels & looks fresh & glowing.
a little goes a long away and it smells divine.
my face was shining
the tiniest tingle at first was nice
gives my skin a fabulous glow afterward that i can absolutely see
brightens your skin along with evening your skin tone
i love the scent
my skin is softer and glows after using it.
first of all, i love the scent of this mask!
also the glam glow hydrating mud
this isn't as hydrating as the glam glow mask
my face looks brighter
ladies as a television personality
fresh beautiful plump baby butt skin!!!
this mask is refreshing
on the skin it smells beautiful
pleasant on the skin
also, it smells exactly like roses!
that glow didn't last
my oh my what a difference to my dry skin-soft plum skin greets me every morning
i love the scent and feel of this product.
brightens up dull skin
bonus: it smells like rosy bubble gum!
it leaves your skin radiant
true clarisonic gentle hydro cleanser
i like the smell
it's pink and i like the smell
it has a slight scent of roses.
my skin is glowing
texture of this mask is intoxicating
it's not meant for soothing or calming
my skin looks brighter
glowing my skin was
had a definite glow about it
love the smell of this mask!
the smell is a nice subtle rose
smells just like roses
it smells so fresh
like i said, your skin will be glowing!!
the scent is lovely
if you love the smell of roses
i love the rose scent.
i got a deluxe size of this cleanser in the power of the petal favorites
the rose scent is nice.
my skin adores this cleanser.
i love the texture
the product is gentle
has a beautiful nuanced perfume of rose petals
this feels more luxurious.
my skin is much more visibly radiant!
i love the way it smells!!
it does make my skin glow
if you like a fragrant gel cleanser that works into a nice lather
it's a lovely gel cleanser
this feels so luxurious.
creamy at the same time
i love the rose smell of it
this gives my face a really nice glow in the morning
removes make-up wonderfully
the rose smell is delightful!
my skin is brighter
it makes your skin feel divine
this cleanser has a wonderful light scent
the smell of this is sumptuous
if you like roses
it has a nice rose scent
it actually has more youthful glow
the cleanser smells pleasant
i love the light rose scent
i am not a fan of rose scents
my skin looks so radiant
i don't mind the lightly scented rose smell.
my skin feels like silk in the morning
my skin is left clean, bright, and smooth!!
this cleanser smells amazing
the scent is light
the consistency is creamy
it does feel a bit creamier
it feels smooth like silk and goes on so easily.
"you look like you're glowing"
the darker in summer
suits my skin tone
i paired it with a translucent powder
i love the silky texture
it gives me a glow and brightens my complexion.
keep in mind for pale white skin it will be too dark
my complexion looked fresh
use my beauty blender to blend in
something about it makes my skin glow
i just fell beautiful
it evens out my skin beautifully
s for a perfect powder version
gives my pale skin some color
my skin looks flawless
a few dots, blend, and go!
helps me look like i had a restful nights sleeps
it goes on dewy
gives an overall glow-y effect
it is a bit tacky without setting powder
other than that my face is a perfect satin matte the whole day
it has the most beautiful satin finish
in the summer it matches my skin color perfectly when i have a little tan
my skin looks like silk
it can look a little orangey
the suede finish is lovely
my skin "magically" looks amazing.
developing more of a rosey undertone
gives you just a kiss of color
glowing my face looks
adds a lovely glow to my skin
it provides sparkling coverage
not a greasy shiny way
i still get shiny
matte-like velvet-y texture
the universal color works great on my skintone
my skin color is tan
i think that this product is too dark for pale skin
i love a light coverage with a natural look.
it's the perfect shade for me!
makes me look naturally dewy
the formula blends perfectly with my tone of skin
cakey feeling like the foundation just sit on top of my face
i am tan even in the winter so the color is perfect for me
love that it leaves a dewy finish
i am not very pale
i am white with a hint of color
please make this in a lighter shade for us porcelain girls
the color didn't match my skin perfectly
the no blush blush which i also adore
it held up beautifully with the heat without feeling heavy or looking cakey
leave a fantastic satin-matte finish
i took 1 star off because i'm pale
blend to make my freckles
my skin looks dewy
i dust with the hourglass ambient light powder after application
the color looks very natural
this product blends into my skin tone
my skin looks flawless
a bonus is the dewy feeling on my face
it's perfect for a tan glow
gives me a healthy glow
barely there tint is just perfect
the texture is moist
this gives me a perfect glow without having that makeup look
it has given my skin the perfect healthy glow
there is something in this product that makes my skin luminous all day long
this did the trick beautifully
smells good and soothing/cooling (gel based).
i noticed a glow after i put either my cc cream or foundation
it leaves a slightly shiny result
it gives my oily t-zone skin a nice glow
my skin feels silky smooth.
it smells nice with a very slight hint of jasmine scent
this product glides on beautifully
it has a soft subtle rose fragrance.
the rose scent of the mask is a divine!
amazing scent for rose lovers
it smells so luxurious
i like the scent also.
btw i woke up with a beautiful glow
during the day i use it over clarins blue orchid face treatment oil
lovely herbal rose scent that also fades after initial application
my skin looks gloomy with this product.
it smells divine and it soaks right in.
this oil has a lovely true rose scent which is so calming before bedtime
the rose scent is lovely.
love the rose fragrance.
such a lovely rose fragrance
much more smelly- but in a natural floral way.
instantly felt the calming
it's a pleasent subtle one overall
it is creamy and i do not notice a strong scent.
i like the texture of this cream
has a light floral scent
the packaging is so beautiful
this eye cream is gorgeous
i love the scent too
the smell might be just this side of "a little funky"
this cream smells great with a mild rose scent.
mine has a distinct pickles scent
soothing for the eyes
yet the texture is rich
love this eye cream
it has a beautiful smell
this gel feels so luxurious
i love the rose eye gel from fresh!
definitely works better than burts bees royal jelly eye creme for those who work under the sun
my eyes are bright
calming sensation as you rub it in
for the lovely smell
the scent is lovely
i like that it's rose scented
has a lovely smell and very hydrating.
illuminating- everything it says it is
works beautifully under concealer
love it's made by natural ingredients
it works beautifully under makeup
no cakey look under the eyes!!!
the scent is fresh
i love the scent as well.
i love how this gel cream absorbs so decadently
from the texture to the fragrance
this eye cream is deliciously good
it smells like those fresh
healthy green juices that are trendy these days
it smells nice of rose
sits nicely under concealer
i like the nice light texture and glides easily.
has beautiful rose scent
if you like creamy texture better
provide a nice smooth canvas for makeup without irritating
i will feel a burst of freshness under my eyes
the light rose fragrance is also nice!
this eye creme is great for nighttime!
it is silky smooth so goes on very easily
this cream is perfection.
it did the trick, and the scent is heavenly.
first off, i love the smell of this eye cream!
it is very luxurious
so hydrating and smells wonderful.
i love the scent
love the fresh products.
you get this wonderful rose scent wafting over you
rather than a perfumed smell
i love every fresh product!
the smell is heavenly
though i'm kind of a sucker for anything rose scented
the scent is beautiful!
the scent is rose
it is pleasant to me
this eye cream has a beautiful fragrance
i work in the sun
i love fresh products
the scent is fresh
the texture is luxurious
i add warm water on my noise for a bit
the second stripe makes you go "awwww" because it gives you a very soothing/calming feeling
these pore strips are fabulous!
the moist strip was nice
the day cream brightened my dark circles without having any glitter or shimmer
it sinks in and feels velvety smooth.
the day cream has a beautiful sheen that reflects light
gives your eye a wonderful glow under make up
the day cream brightens
champagne-ish tint to it that acts as a sort of highlighter
makes my eyes look magical
to me, this mask smells like pears.
s to turn it into an oil/balmy substance
the smell was light
fresh with a hint of apple
i like the smell
smells like green apple
i get a great glow
i feel like this is one of the more underrated glam glow masks
as it dried down the tingling turned to a pleasant fresh sensation
it works like a charm.
this is smells like apples
i love the way it smells.
the smell is invigorating
it's relaxing, tingling & tightening.
this mask leaves my skin smooth and bright!
this is the only one that's gentle
this is a fabulous mask that cleanses
turning the mask into a creamy oil
i really wanted to try the glam glow in the white jar that focuses on clearing blemishes
glam glow is just amazing all around!!!
it is the thinnest of all of the glam glow masks that i've tried
it made my skin feel glorious
it is super gentle
i love all the glam glow masks for different reasons
have almost a minty smell to it
i love the smell of this mud, a very mild scent.
at first its an intense tingly feeling
fabulous tropical scent makes this an extra special treat
the mask has a really pleasant fruity green apple kind of smell that i enjoy
now i am hooked on everything glam glow
i just love glam glow products!
this has a calming effect on my skin, i love it.
it takes the graininess out of my skin
after 3 weeks of faithful nightly use my skin looks bright
the orangey color washes off with the product.
glow of my skin right away
which it is a bit tacky
the gel has a strong cucumber scent
smells like refreshing cucumber
it is duper refreshing
it smells like cucumber
they are so bright and beautiful.
works beautifully over something like acylglutathione for undereye
looks fresh all day
my eyes are as bright
the skin around my eyes even seems to glow
it is tacky to the touch as it dries
also the smell is so refreshing.
it smells like cucumber.
my eyes look big & bright.
the gel itself smells like cucumbers which makes it so soothing for tired eyes
help keep skin looking radiant
smells like pumpkin pie
makes my skin look radiant
smells just like pumpkin pie
it smells delicious like pumpkin.
don't forget that delicious pumpkin pie smell too
leaves it feeling brighter
i like the smell.. but i like pumpkin
the results are beautiful
it smells delicious-- reminiscent of pumpkin spice latte
easy to use and it will make you glow
had mildly textured skin
the smell is really strong if you don't like pumpkin spice
leaves it smooth n bright.
it smells like pumpkin pie filling
i love the healthy glow it gives me after i use it
smells like pumpkin pie
has a gritty gel like texture
my skin after glowed.
my skin is smooth and glowing.
smells like a pumpkin spice latté
plus, it smells like pumpkin pie!
i am a deep chocolate skin color
pumpkin smell is super strong like pie
it first feels like a gentle exfoliator
is the scent is very sweet
my skin was bright red
it smells like pumpkin pie
an affinity for everything pumpkin
some pumpkin scented things have a tendency to be sickly sweet
this one was absolutely heavenly
i kid you not his skin was radiant
there was a sort of glow to his face
it smells like pie
just makes my skin glow
the smell was natural
i love the pumpkin pie smell
tingles a tiny bit upon application
love the pumpkin smell.
the mask smells like pumpkin pie!
i love the tingling
and the smell is to diiiiieee for!
it smells exactly like pumpkin pie
i love the glow of my skin afterwards
smells just like pumpkin pie!!
it smells like an actual pumpkin pie
glow-y my face looked for the first time
it smells amazing, just like a pumpkin pie.
beautiful your skin looks
it has that autumn thanksgiving pumpkin pie scent
it smells like pumpkin heaven!
it smells exactly like pumpkin
it definitely makes the skin more radiant
makes my skin glow
it is really brought out a nice glow
the yummy pumpkin scent is the most relaxing aroma while you rub this around your face
the tingle feels amazing
i love the tingles
i love the scent of pumpkin pie.
it is finely grainy
and the pumpkin smell is divine!
my skin is glowing
plus, it smells like pumpkin pie!
has a great pumpkin scent to it
smells amazing, just like pumpkin pie!
my skin has such a healthy glow
i am constantly complimented on my "beautiful skin"
this mask works wonders on my uneven texture/skin tone
it has a gritty texture
and it smells so yummy!
and the smell is lovely!
lathers nicely, taking off makeup beautifully.
i love the milky texture when it pumps in your h
my skin feels heavenly
such a gentle and great feeling cleanser.
just makes this a breeze to use
my skin looks luminous and even-tone.
has a nice silky smooth feel to it as i'm washing my face
love that it's gentle
it is creamy and feels good.
this is super gentle.
paired with a mild soap like cetaphil
it has a light beautiful scent
this lightweight cream has made my skin luxuriously smooth
my dentist is a beautiful woman.
perfected my beautiful skin
won't clog your pores at the same 10 minutes after wearing it you feel you face is kinda blooming like a delicate flower
there is a strong floral fragrant which i've also noticed
then the peony water mist
it has a dreamy texture that my skin absorbs almost instantly with no leftover 'greasy' feeling as some i've tried
a light fresh scent that isn't overpowering
smell like a rich old broad
my face was glowing
putting on makeup was a velvety dream
leaves me quite shiny
cons: i don’t love the scent
honey-ish/herbal/floral in the jar
when it warms on my skin it’s really kind of bitter/medicinal smelling
the odor is good like a honey bee
this is the only face cream i've used that people have commented on how luminous
it really does give it a glow.
this is the best moisturizer my skin has a great glow
my skin glows with this
after using it religiously every night for a weak i noticed my skin was radiant
does have a soft pleasant fragrance that fades
i love the scent of this cream
i find the scent calming
after my research i found it was the natural flowers that make this fragrance
as a night cream it is transformative.
its so creamy and makes my skin sooo moisture.
it does have a nice herbal/floral sort of fragrance
it isn't overpowering at all
i get a lovely glow
the scent is botanical
this face cream is rich
smells like baby angels
it has a very luxurious texture
a friend gave me a sample of crème divine
cream diving is very creamy
so thrilled that sephora is now carrying creme divine
my skin went from wintery
it has a faint scent that smells clean
gives a lovely base for before applying makeup
patience turned out to be a beautiful virtue.
almost any product makes my skin pink instantly
makes my skin glow in the most noticeable perfect way
immediately i noticed the silky smooth consistency of the serum
i noticed my skin was more radiant
this goes on so silky smooth
almost had a glow to it
my face feel like silk
it feels silky on the skin
my skin looks radiant and smooth.
i can say it has a very silky
my skin practically glows!
one person says bubblegum
minus one star for the smell
i've noticed that my sun spots are fading
my skin really did look radiant right away
leaves it feeling like a rose petal
soothing on my skin
sun spots are gone/fading
loved the way it smelled
almost has a glow after
because it's enjoyably with this lightly scented cleanser
this cleanser smells so fresh
doesn't have a strong fragrance
most radiant it has ever been
it is subtle, yet fresh.
how luxe the cream feels
brightens the eye area
i love the airless pump style bottle.
this is a medium textured eye cream that goes on smooth
it also has the faintest of scents that is very pleasing
i love the texture.
i love the texture--not thick
find the scent appealing
noticed the beautiful packaging
how bright my skin is now :
my skin definitely has a nice glow
it smells absolutely heavenly.
sweet at the same time
the texture is creamy
my only issue is the fragrance of "warm wood" comes across as a sickly almond fragrance
compliments on my skin
it feels so luxurious to put on.
not perfumy or strong
this cream has an amazing scent
the black pine line feels and smells wonderful.
loving this face cream!!!!
gives you an oily shine look
i love this whole black pine firming line!
the entire black pine collection is a dream.
yes it is gritty.
it tingles because it is so potent.
but you will be glowing.
it makes my skin look dewy, fresh and young.
this product instantly brightened my skin!
texture after i use this
it is really only a mild metallic smell
it left my skin glowing
i think leaves a nice glow
fool proof with bright results.
the product has a very watery consistency
my skin looks radiant
it has a metallic smell
flash rinse is awesome.
smells like a fruit smoothie
any traces of that metallic smell
i just beam with radiance
the full size is a runny bright green liquid
it smells the same
the smell is disgusting
the smell is like metamucil haha very coppery mixed with citrus
my skin is glowing!
this gave me anunearthly satin feeling
made my complexion bright and my skin smooth!
this left my skin glowing
i can't believe how bright
it makes my skin radiant feels tighter
sort of green natural with a hint of citrus
the texture is nicer
my face was so soft radiant looking
skin is instantly revived, glowing and luminous.
the grainy texture felt like it should be a scrub
only glowing beautiful skin
silky i can't stop touching it
it goes on slightly gritty.
brightened up some of my sun spots
this cream is unique in its texture
it is quiet heavy
how beautifully it's spreads
noticed that my skin looked bright
seems much less cakey
gave me an amazing glow
the soft pleasant fragrance of both dissipates quickly
glowing my skin looked
goes on like velvet
i get smile lines
no immediately magical change
my skin is more radiant
"cheerful" looking when using this
i liked the texture and the smell.
the smell is very subtle
my skin actually glows from this product!
the fragrance is delicious
my skin looks gorgeous!!
this product was gentle
brighter my skin looked
basically my skin glows
it gives me a glowing look
it leaves skin silky
there is a soft peony like scent that's lovely.
it absorbs quickly and smells nice.
plus, it smells really nice and gentle on skin.
your face feels like satin
made my skin glow.
people complimented me on my complexion
how my face glowed
it's evened out my coloring
and it smells super pleasant!
my skin is more luminous
your beautiful face won’t regret it
i think i glow my skin looks great
my skin is lighter, smoother and glows.
its smooth, absorbs fast, leaves a silky feeling.
i find nothing as soothing
it has an earthy smell
it's not as "earthy
this cream smells so refreshing.
it leaves my face shiny
it has a light earthy scent
it has an earthy lavender smell that is calming
over the fab oatmeal mask
amber at sephora for using it on me
it is super creamy
just pretty radiant skin
i find that it works like a nice calming lotion.
has a nice natural herbal like scent to this line
leaves the skin feeling like silk
my skin is dull
it has a calming scent.
my skin looks like porcelain after i use it
it does smell earthy, sort of like moss.
it is super earthy
my skin was clear and bright.
it is super creamy
soothing scent that smells like nature
it reminds me of glamglow's blue thirsty mask
has an earthy smell to it
it's sweet smelling and so gentle on my skin.
leaves it with a fresh glow
it has a sweet smell, which i enjoy.
the smell reminds me of like an "ocean breeze" or something
it gets this milky texture
this cleanser has an amazing texture!
smells so very lightly but lovely.
the smell is luscious
softy vanilla/floral which is part of it's appeal
the fragrance is like a floral vanilla scent.
a beautiful thick oil based gel to start
i love the scent as well
the texture is lovely
it also has a really pleasant scent.
i also like the color/smell
gives it a beautiful glow
i quickly learned to love the smooth silky makeup remover
smells powdery which i love
when you add water the emulsion becomes luxuriously creamy
then gets creamy when you add water
my skin is dewy
vanilla like aroma that takes me back to my childhood
it's fabulous for my dry skin.
it gets a little milky
my face looks like it's glowing afterwards
it's so creamy when you apply it to the face
has a little bit of a glow
the vanilla smell is nice too
silky smooth and just amazing
there is no odor or scent, which i like.
it is pure silk under your eyes
it feels luxurious to apply
everything from the fragrance to the consistency
love this eye cream!!
creamy, treats all of my problem areas.
my skin looked brightened
it's a nice thick creme
this cream is genius.
the texture of this eye cream is brilliant.
sinks in to my skin beautifully
tinted moisturizer can just glide on
nothing compares to the genius eye cream
i love the way this smells!
to me it has an earthy lavender scent that is calming
smells natural and organic, anyway.
it leaves my skin so silky and amazing too!
sometimes it has a almost "fishy" undertone smell
it helps mask the smell
it melts off my makeup beautifully
my skin was super bright after one use.
hydrated with a radiant glow
the gel emulsifies into a creamy
it transforms into a milky
almost sudsy in appearance
similar to the feeling of your skin after you use a lush body conditioner
it gives you a glow aftwards
which had a wonderful citrus smell
this citrus gelee feels like a gelee oil
silky without any irritations
experience the radiance of your skin the next morning
this cream is thick and rich.
it comes in a green bottle
smells like lemon meringue pie.
nice light non offensive scent!
i just follow it up with a witch hazel astringent
glow kit around christmas
it melts into bliss on your face
slightly citrus-y scent
this made my skin instantly clean and so bright!
left my face with a beautiful natural glow
it feels so luxurious on my skin
the smell is very fresh
removes my tarte foundation
i love the smooth texture
easy to use and left my skin feeling a bit silky.
it smells amazing and not perfumey at all.
i love the scent of this
after rinsing there is a luminous
leaves your skin beautifully smooth
i love the smell it leaves behind
leaves my skin feeling like silk
this does have fragrance which i find light
comforting on my skin
it has a light fragrance that is very pleasing.
as this makes the oil texture turn a little creamy
lovely scent, and excellent at makeup removal.
it's creamy and rich, yet absorbs quickly.
this eye cream helps my eye area to be brighter
gives an even palette for future eye makeup application with staying power
my skin became smooth and glowed.
not greasy or shiny
just beautiful, soft, sun- protected skin.
the absolute plus for me is that it has a very light glow
leaves you looking radiant
it leaves your skin looking smooth and dewy.
plump, dewy, translucent, juicy!
seems to suck up moisture from the atmosphere
this product makes me glow.
it gives it a dewy, smooth look.
my skin feels like silk
i love the texture
fine line seemed plumped
no scent which i love
all without the greasy shine!
just a wonderful, smooth glow.
the glassy glow it gives will be enough to sell you in it though
mix it with your foundation for even more glow.
this mask smells divine
it has a light peach/apricot scent
the apricot smell is also very pleasant.
it so refreshing and smells delicious!
not only is the smell super yummy
like at first it smells like lemon grass
it smells delightful, fruity and refreshing.
this mask smells like heaven if heaven's made of peaches
i wake up every morning with plumped glowing skin
it has a nice peach scent
my skin feels dewy
is gentle on skin
i love the mildly herbal scent
m my face looks so chalky
gave it a little glow
it smells like apricots
it is so gentle
it is a gift from the heavens.
my skin feels clear and bright.
to its really pleasant texture
this stuff smells delicious.
though it smells powerful, like grapefruit.
i love the fresh earthy smell
i do like this product although the smell is very earthy
is tacky at first
bright red acne scars
for all of you beauties
the smell and texture is amazing.
my skin looked radiant in the morning
almost like green tea?
i enjoy the smell it reminds me of a tropical fruit
it is very green
my skin is brighter
with a really fresh fruity scent
it isn't greasy and smells amazing!
it has a strong avocado smell
i need a perfume that smells like this
the smell is amazing, very fruity and tropical!
it also has a great subtle citrus scent that makes it so fresh
the smell is kind of weird
it smells like citrus
has a wonderfully creamy texture
the scent is very fresh and pleasant.
gave me a pregnancy glow
a "glow" ageless look to my skin
the smell is divine
smells nice and moisturizers perfectly.
this keeps the flakiness
the smell is pleasant
it is scented so beware
if you are a fan of clean/light perfume scents then it is wonderful
plus it makes my skin silky smooth
also the tarte maracuja oil along with the wild rose moisturizer from korres
my skin truly glows when i use this
my skin has a natural glow
my skin looks brighter
this has to be the first time in my life where my face is actually one uniform color without splotches of red or having my gross yellow undertones pop out under fluorescent lighting
i like the texture of this cream
this has made my skin glow
it's a very light creme
the smell is refreshing
creamy texture and need only one pump.
not to mention that the smell is yummy
the smell of this cleanser is so delightful.
it's like a melon/cucumber mix up.
the texture is creamy
this was just a lovely foam that did it's job wonderfully
has a beautiful light sweet cucumber scent
the smell is natural and not unpleasant at all.
it also has a pleasant smell
i love the scent of this product
more importantly its creamy
i love this cleanser i use it with my sonic cleanser brush it has this flower smell that i just love i would recommend to try it
this product is highly fragranced with a soapy floral freshness that i really like
it is super foamy and has the most amazing scent.
the cleanser has a fairly strong floral
my entire face is radiant
my skin looks brighter healthier
gentle on the skin
it has a very light but pleasant scent.
leaves me feeling fresh
my skin has a nice natural glow
the citrus scent is not at all overpowering either
leaves you feeling fresh
this is a great, gentle cleanser!
i love the way this smells
refreshing feeling on my skin
smells nice, rinses nicely.
gentle on eyes too.
the scent is quite lovely as well
i am woman of color
this cleanser attracted me with "radiance" in its title
my skin is brighter
the citrus extracts aren't overpowering
since i've started using this my skin has a beautiful glow
i love the scent
it is calming my skin
my skin is sensitive to scented products
bright my skin is
the foam feels luxurious
glowing in the morning
not only did this make my face look radiant
looks brighter in the morning
love that there is no scent.
instantly fall in love with the texture of this mask
dried quickly to a velvety film
my skin has this amazing glow
texture after every use
made my skin glow without turning me into an oil slick
this mask is pure luxury.
your skin is simply radiant
glowing skin that looks like a baby's cheek
my face is so radiant
love that it brightens
smells luxurious which i also like
my skin looked brighter
colored tiny bubbles burst with goodness on my skin from this pretty dainty bottles
they blend into my skin so nicely.
with some textured areas
my skin has more of its former glow
it is light fragrance free
makes my skin glow !
said i was "glowing"
jam packed with goodness
i also like that it is not scented.
first i noticed that my skin became silky
my youthful features were back
bright with no oily shine all day
it had a light scent
the smell is quite pleasant.
after morning showers it's amazing
makes me feel radiant
it is a bit tacky
your skin looks luminous, lifted, and smooth!
it's the consistency of a feather-light gel
no shine at all
beautiful instant firming beauty shot is the favorite part of my skin regimen
my skin looks all dewy
it's got geranium in it, which i love.
herbal scent that is very calming
i love using this for a dewy effect on the eyes
melts right in for a natural glossy look
big fan of the formula and scent.
i love to sun tan
brighten the dryest sahara skin
it gives that super dewy
most others like sr flora
my skin looks magical all day
i love the smell and the texture.
i've since bought the tinted cream
i love the velvety texture
the smell reminds me lovely botanicals
my skin has a natural glow
instantly my face looked radiant after rinsing off
and my skin has more of a glow.
this lightens the dark spots
it leaves it bright
the clerk gave me a strange vibe buying this.
fresh my skin looked
feels as soothing as fresh water
t's proof that this product is gentle
a gentle product that cleans like a power horse
i am fond of rosewater
and the bottle is very stylish also.
the scent is so relaxing and amazing.
brightens the skins which is amazing
because it takes off all of my bright colored eyeshadows so easily
making my vision blurry or cloudy
since i started using the shiseido white lucent line
this product is gentle
plus, it's super gentle.
love my smokey eye
your skin feels like silk after applying
if u love the sensory experience from fresh products
the texture is perfect
the next morning, my skin glowed!
my face felt luxurious the next morning.
your skin is glowing
the difference it makes in the morning is beautiful
my skin feels plumped
hydrates, softens, and smells divine.
gave my skin a glow
it worked so beautifully i'm giving the black tea serum a try too
i love bedtime because this lovely mask is my final bedtime product
this great smelling luxurious mask makes my skin feel supple
another great scent of blended tea
the scent of this mask is elegant
i love the fresh black tea age delay products
my skin looked radiant
my skin is glowing :
has a very mild pleasant scent
plumper complexion after using this at night
i wake up the second morning with a radiant
the cream smells divine
the smell is okay it's like a vanilla tea scent
it does have a strong scent
i found it to be restful
speaking with a fresh br
leaves your skin feeling full and looking lovely.
my skin is glowy
it truly makes my skin glow though.
i am new fresh product lover
my skin was beautifully refreshed in the morning
i just love fresh products
the outcome is beautiful vibrant moisturized skin that always gets comments
the peony overnight mask is miraculous as well
it has a bit of a smell.
an irony for a company called fresh
it does tingle a bit
it has a really cool minty cooling affect
i loved the way this product smelled
time in the sun
eucalyptus/minty cooling sensation
it felt minty fresh at first
this cream feels light and tingly after use.
the cooling minty feel gives my face a boost
thank you glam glow!
glam glow products have done wonders for my skin
it smells like mint
leaves a beautiful matte face
i love the tingly sensation.
really reminds me of the clearing glam glow mask
i love the glam glow products.
pleasant smell and has a slight tingle when used.
finally i started using the glam glow super mud mask
it is gentle yet refreshing
i love the fresh smell
this clears my skin wonderfully
it cleared my skin and left a nice glow.
love this gentle exfoliator.
it smells like freshly baked chocolate chip cookies
my face is noticeably bright and smooth looking.
shiny free throughout the day
has a natural gritty texture to it
glam glow please fix this!
can live up to the newly beautiful skin i have
just this amazing over glow
the only issue i have with it is the patchouli smell
smells like patchouli, and i love that.
sets beautifully underneath makeup.
the blue orchid face treatment oil banishes the flakes after one use
the scent is evocative and luxurious.
the smell is gorgeous as well!
the other reviews mentioned a strong patchouli scent
the scent is present
blue orchid is my favourite
the smell is absolute bliss
this product is a classic
it smells so clean and refreshing - not perfumey.
the oil smells divine
my skin can enjoy the rich
decadent ingredients i use this as an oil
my skin has a youthful non-greasy glow
the smell is very relaxing to me
cleans off my makeup beautifully
the aroma is to die for
it is packed with beautiful ingredients
it transforms into a gentle milk
after dance dress-rehearsals
the gentlest cleanser in the morning
comes in a beautiful glass bottle
it takes off makeup beautifully
the smell is so divine.
it smells like heaven
as its very luxurious
since it smells like an aromatherapy oil
it is a creamy consistency that turns into a milky cleanser with water
the smell is refreshing as well.
the smell is gorgeous
in love with the earthy smell
the combination was heavenly
it turns into this milky soft magic
i love the scent
it is beyond beautiful.
it has a pleasant smell.
it is an odd constancy
i like the smell
the smell is out of this world
i definitely do enjoy this cleanser for the morning because it smells delicious
the smell is divine
the fragrance is not perfumey
i enjoying using natural products
it has a nice fresh scent to it.
the purple clay is magic
this cleanser is beautiful!
it feels so luxurious
i love how luxurious it feels
this is my holy grail morning cleanse/second cleanse thanks to the brilliant caroline hirons
this cleanser has a super unique texture.
the smell is also divine!
the scent is citrusy and fresh.
it has a citrus-type scent that i find pleasant
it has an intoxicating scent
smooth out my skin's bumpy texture
still, an unscented version would be wonderful.
it has brighten my skin.
i could see my skin glowing
it is lightweight with a soft petal scent
it also gave my skin a great, non-greasy glow.
to me the smell is subtle
as for the smell
highly fragranced but has an amazing smell.
gives me a healthy glow
it has a light but very pleasant scent.
after 2 uses my skin looks more luminous
the scent is light
it has a very mild perfume smell.
the scent is just so refreshing
it also has a light fragrance
the texture is light
the scent is amazing.
seems to make my natural skin glow without looking greasy
leaves my skin looking plump
my face feels so fresh and silky smooth.
texture is so refreshing to your face
i like a matte foundation
like the subtle fragrance.
because it smells odd to me
it smells like dirt kind of
smell is pleasant/neutral.
it has a slight lemon scent which is refreshing
it has an enticing fragrance
i love the way it smells
i like the smell
the scent is light if somewhat floral
i hate floral scents
love the texture and smell.
love it makes my skin feel like silk
i love the scent
it has a perfumey scent
it's the perfect texture
it is lightweight and absorbs beautifully.
%26%26 no heavy perfume smell
it has the most faint scent!
i love this new eye cream.
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
followed by a mist of the luminous dewy skin mist
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
my face felt so smooth fresh and radiant.
this is really nice prior to the classic rice powder which cleanses a second time while gently exfoliating
it gives me a dewy glow
love how it turns to a white milky texture when you add water
only leaves behind silky smooth skin
light fragrant scent, and gentle on the eye area.
cleanses skin beautifully in the morning
it emulsifies into a magical milky consistency
love that it is scent free
leaves my face feeling naturally beautiful
red clay first aid beauty
i love the scent
the scent is very calming and not overpowering.
quite shiny face i have.
it melts beautifully on your skin
then a first aid beauty gentle cleanser
cleaned my face beautifully
so this is magical
my skin is much softer and just glows.
is super gentle on my skin
the pump is glorious
the ingredients are soothing
the pump packaging is gorgeous
my skin was dull
this heavenly product does everything it says
it is a luxurious experience with jawdropping results
this botanical cleansing oil is so elegant
it would be lovely if tatcha could make a delicate gel cleanser with camellia oil
the smell is this wonderful floral scent
i then follow it with the indigo rice powder.
i owe my smooth shiny skin to tatcha.
it was so gentle.
this is so gentle
was also gentle on eyes
this is a very luxurious product
it has left my skin very radiant with a beautiful glow
it doesn't have a scent unlike argan
left a beautiful gloss to cheekbones though.
my skin has never glowed more
i mixed it with my nars sheer glow
it gives a natural health glow.
it gives my skin a radiant
goes on like silk
this oil has made my skin radiant
i love it's scent and spreadability.
my skin appear more radiant
my face looks dewy/glowing
almond oil is nice for the body.
it creates the most gorgeous glow
flaky in the winter
my skin appears more luminous
plumped up-it feels like a baby's
everyone compliments my skin looking radiant
gives your skin an amazing glow
my skin feels luxuriously soft even after a long day of wearing makeup
it looks plump and younger.
the smell is faint
the white/yellow combination
i smell a faint scent when i begin to apply it to my face
this oil leaves a nice glow to the skin
it feels like silk
the la la retro whipped cream is a great alternative
gentle face oil for my combo
my skin is glowing
it has a mild toasted sesame smell
it has a subtle scent
from the smell to the texture.
gave a nice lasting glow
i wake up in the morning with glowing radiant soft skin
made it radiant as the sun
seeing how luxurious it was
my skin is brighter
it's perfect for people with combo and oily skin.
waking up the next morning with such radiant
my skin was glowing and brightened.
beautiful packaging as well
it smells like eggs.
my skin is brighter, glowy, and less irritated.
my skin was glowing to perfection
then applied fresh peony brightening cream on top
it absorbs beautifully with no weird residual feeling nor greasiness
i've used a lot of different products for my textured skin
both in the texture
the overall glow of my skin
i'll take a bit of stickiness at night if i'm going to wake up with dreamy skin
the texture of my skin
with just one night of using this i woke up with radiant skin
gave me a natural glow
acne scars beautiful again
it had an unpleasant smell
there is more radiance in my face
it is heavenly for my skin
my texture is gone
my skin looks so radiant
got this in the night bright combo.
porcelain-like smooth skin
that there's less dullness/texture
gave me a more radiant and glowing complexion!
drunk elephant has found the secret to helping a pale
delicate skinned lady look her best
i feel vibrant and beautiful.
my skin just felt pale
my skin is glowing
glowing without an ounce of makeup
it has an elephant motif
smell nice because of all the extra fragrances
i love this simple and refreshing cleanser!
this is super gentle on the skin.
it is so gentle
make my complexion much more bright
evened out my skin tones
you get a nice a creamy lather
this has the most luxurious
creamy lather i've ever experienced
was loaded with fragrant oils
this bar is super gentle
looks adorably retro in it's little soap dish on my bathroom counter
my cheeks aren't textured
my skin is also undeniably soft and radiant.
very gentle cleansing and soothing bar.
it lathers into rich nice creamy foam
it has almost no scent
it has healthy glow now
this product has a very faint fresh smell
this is a great gentle cleanser.
this pekee bar is gentle
i received this along with the umbra as a gift.
it has no scent which i love
they are so beautiful
also leaves my skin dewy.
my skin looks great and radiant!
it's a great gentle way to exfoliate.
had a natural glow everywhere else
i don't mind a little natural glow here
on it's own is a perfect exfoliator
when i switched to this juju bar i really appreciated the finer-textured exfoliation
am all about the jlo glow year around
fyi: can be used in your foundation for the all over luminous glowy look
it does suds up nicely
i love the slightly grainy feeling of exfoliation that you get from this bar
this soap lathers nicely
its a perfect compliment to my clarisonic brush
with very gentle exfoliating sensation
this has the most luxurious
creamy lather i've ever experienced
bought this weird bar cleanser
gentle cleanserno break outsexfoliation is gentle will repurchase
i love that this has no scent
thanks to the bamboo powder in this
laura mercier smooth finish foundation powder
no scent which i love.
the juju bar has a beautiful formulation with fine grains that scrub makeup from your face
my skin looks radiant
this is the first cleanser that made my skin glow
the ground bamboo is wonderfully gentle
gives me the luminosity
the smell is soothing
love that it's soothing
despite the acnee my dermatologist told me i have a beautiful complexion
the scent is very understated.
the texture is incredibly luxurious.
leaves my skin feeling luxurious and glorious.
my skin glows it looks firm
with either the creme or creme riche
i just love the scent!!!!!!
my skin is more radiant
my skin looks dewy
this is a beautiful product.
is super gentle on the skin
must buy if you want a glowing face that smells yummy
my skin tone is radiant
love the texture of this elixir
skin looking radiant definitely get compliments on my skin
the smell is pleasant
the oil immediately gave me a nice glow
the elixir has faded them to almost being unnoticeable
also notable is the heavenly scent
the scent is kind of a strong sweet fragrance
when you wake up your skin looks radiant
it adds instant radiance to my skin
it has a light, lovely scent.
it is a fragrant elixir
it has a gentle scent that doesn't last
i love the relaxing scent
love the silky texture of this oil serum
makes the face feel like silk afterwards
the light fragrance is so luxurious
it absorbs quickly but leaves you with a glow!
leaves the skin radiant
i love the faint fragrance of this cleanser.
the scent is mild and pleasant however.
this here is the gentlest
not the thin bubbly kind of foam that some lesser quality cleansers do
it's a rich, creamy lather.
i love this very creamy face wash.
the smell, the texture!
it is very smooth and silky also.
it has a sweet scent that i wouldn't expect anyone to dislike
it feels so luxurious
pleasant scent, non drying, worth every penny.
creamy when you're washing your face
gentle on the skin
it is magic in a bottle
has added a nice glow to my usually tired looking skin
there's a tiny speckle of a fragrance in it that honestly i enjoyed
not a strong scent it's light.
has a lovely light scent
the scent is pleasant
instead it has a fruity fragrance that made my cleansing routine lot more enjoyable
tarte rainforest of the sea
it 's gentle on the skin
i started using this creamy cleanser with my clarisonic mia 2
just a luxurious treat to pamper yourself daily with this wonderful product
the light smell is just calming not perfumey.
it's gentle for a foamy cleanser
it is so gentle and soothing!
gentle on the skin
i love the scent
my first impression was the delightfully creamy texture
it's elegant and simple and it works!
has a light pleasant fragrance
this smells amazing and is calming.
smells like light airy spring flowers
plus love the light sweet scent it has
it's so gentle on the skin
least textured its been in years
is gentle on my skin
the scent was pleasant, which was nice.
the icing on the cake is that it's very gentle
it foams up wonderfully
smells a little like cedar wood
the scent is subtle but smells so good!
it's super gentle on my face
the scent is so fresh
other than that it's a lovely product
it was gentle on my face
this cleanser is gentle
i love the scent.
it's a subtle, sweet, milky scent.
it has more of a fruity smell compared to the luxurious
it feels so luxurious.
the scent is glorious
this face wash is my new favorite it's so creamy
lathers up so nicely smells like heaven
after i rinse it's off it makes my face have such a beautiful glow
luxurious at the same time
as creamy as they are
i wear a light foundation
it's so luxurious that i look forward to my nighttime routine
the scent is mild and pleasant.
its literally the texture of yoghurt
has improved my skins texture
the smell is divine.
a wonderful milky smooth texture
i wanted something more creamy
creamy after using this product
it smells like sugary yogurt
gentle in cleansing my skin both barefaced
coffee have made me feel beautiful
love the cool feeling on my morning puffy eye bags
my skin is illuminated
the application tip is so soothing
i looked at my weird shaped
blend it all in
powder if it's looking a bit cakey throughout the day
it isn't a magical transformation
not frosty or pearly exactly
it brightens my eye area
burt's bees radiance eye works
fresh lotus eye cream does as well
the puffy-ness is reduced
brightens my eye area
this has a gel cream feel and a faint tint to it.
it will however feel fabulously refreshing under your eyes
i like that it is a tad creamy
the iron is adorable
makes me look bright eyed
gives a nice subtle glow
light scent isn't as strong/vitaminy as other face oils
in fact is has a nice herbal scent to it
the packaging is adorable as well
refreshing under the eye
the product has a bit of a tint to it which i found made my under eye look brighter
this item was refreshing
the eye bright stick from benefit
i love the texture
pros:- absorbs within second- the metal applicator feels refreshing- light peach tint hides away darkness immediately
it looked dewy and fresh.
love the smell also.
it was super foamy
i noticed the creamy texture right away
wonderful full lathering creamy cleanser.
it was so creamy.
i also wasn't expecting it to be a creamy cleanser
no perfume smell which is wonderful
radiant when i use it with my clarisonic
the smell is great and it foams wonderfully?
the product leaves a strange plasticy film type feeling
i wake up with a nice glow on my face
it has a very strong lavender scent.
never causes a breakout and smells citrus like.
it turns my makeup on my face orangish
it makes your skin beautiful again!
it makes a perfect canvas for makeup
also, it gives me that airbrushed looked.
this combined with my tarte face oil has done wonders to my complexion
my face looks more lively
it smells so beautiful
is perfectly paired with the origins ginseng night
my skin has never been so radiant and smooth!
it goes on matte and feels super light.
the scent is faint
makes my skin feel absolutely delectable
gives me a perfect glow
the scent is light
has a rosy glow literally immediately after i apply this-
seems to illuminate some of my redness
i love the silky texture
bright in the morning
it works like a charm
the radiance is a bonus
it brightens your skin
smooths out my complexion to make it more radiant :
it looked tighter, brighter, and glowy!
it has a nice light scent.
my skin looked dewy
it's great when you follow it with bergamot toner
it smells delicious, firstly.
glides onto my skin beautifully
in gives you a seamless matte complexion
and to top it all of, it smells delicious.
the smell is out of this world
wake up feeling dewy
it's radiant, glowing and not a bit oily.
it's perfect under a moisturizer
the smell is fresh and not overpowering.
i needed something to brighten my skin
i do enjoy the scent
it gave me a nice healthy glow
my dull uneven skin tone is more radiant
i notice a healthy glow right away
i love the fresh scent of this stuff.
it smells delicious too.
my skin is plumped up and glowing.
my skin is firmer, lifted, and glowing!
the thick texture really has an "elegance" about it that should be noted
glowing, plumped up & smooth.
our skin looks beautiful
my skin was radiant
it is definitely a great luxury product for radiant 24k skin if you like the br
my skin was glowing
my skin looked so radiant that night
no real scent to it
my skin is looking radiant, smooth, and firm.
this mask literally makes my skin glow
my skin glows so beautifully
i love the gold sparkly colour embedded in the mask
it leaves my face smooth and bright!!
clean smooth radiant skin
my skin is glowing
i like this mud mask because it feels so luxurious on my face
my skin looks bright
it kind of feels like a vat of delicious pudding
it didn't have a perfume smell which i enjoyed.
i love that it has no scent.
this stuff makes me glow
the skin so so bright and plump after.
the mud is smooth and buttery with a little grit.
my skin definitely has a natural glow to it afterwards as well
my skin tone looks brigher
as for the smell
it's like a magical mask
wanted to try something different from glam glow
i love the tingling sensation
the thick pudding-like texture
this makes my skin just glow
compared to glam glow and origins, this one wins
it makes my skin look brighter
my complexion has a glow
the dullness is fading from it
my skin looks fresh
feel glow immediately after using it
it seems like this yellow soap is less popular as the black one
this soap actually more gentle
glides on silky smooth
it makes my skin glow
it cleanses, my skin feels smooth and glows.
i like the texture
when you apply it on your face it has a very creamy
it goes on feeling creamy
my skin is glowing
it adds another layer of moisture while perking up my complexion
it makes my skin glow
i feel glamorous and glowing all day.
the cleanser is silky
also use givenchy hydra sparkling face cream after leaves it fresh
i am absolutely loving this illuminating moisture balm from bb
leaves the perfect fine sheen of luminosity on the high points of the face
it makes foundation application a breeze
it is a magical pairing
add a little more "glow" to my luminous silk foundation
i tried this lightweight balm as i needed a "glow"
my skin looks so dewy
hydrates it without looking too shiny
i like the smell of it
the only negative is that the peachy scent
in addition to its peachy smell
this was quite calming
love it, it leaves my skin fresh y clarified.
now, it is radiant!
-smells similar to a light floral mist- consistency is similar to clean
but hope springs eternal...
evening the skin tone
my skin looks instantly brighter after i use it
it almost feels silky going on.
leaves my skin with a natural glow
it's the perfect balance of powerhouse ingredients that are gentle on the skin to prevent the dryness
in balance with soothing ingredients to gently
also love the smell.
using it once a week has transformed my skin in a beautiful way
super smooth glowing skin
the smell is delightful
it feels gentle on my skin
is glowing after using this
i also love the peachy smell it has.
this product has a light delightful scent
my face is silky smooth
after using this product my face skin has a beautiful glow to it
let me tell you this orange beauty has my face feeling silky smooth after every cleanse
my skin looks brighter and it's very gentle.
this peachy smelling cleanser smooths
*there was a slight tingly sensation at first
this eye cream helps brighten my under eye
i run the dining room of a fabulous restaurant
he is pale skinned
you will experience a tingling sensation
i found some success with origins gin zing cream
my dark circles look brighter
the power k eye rescue works wonderfully.
the eye cream has a funny texture
the darkness seemed to be fading
the gray "beads" are a bit on the funky side
my eyes look so bright
plus the texture and smell are amazing!
my skin is glowing!
this brightened up my skin
really left it glowing
not as impressed with the fizzy lip treatment.
subtle glow after using
i definitely like glam glow
my skin looked brighter
always looks glowy and radiant after!
i do like the grittiness of the product
it looks like your skin is glowing from inside!"
hardly any wrinkles and i glow!
helps get rid of textural issues i might be having
i also love the earthy, slightly minty scent!
i follow up with the hydration glam glow
the bright mud eye treatment
feels luxurious on your face
smells delightful this is also an airless pump
it's a gentle exfoliator that leaves your skin glowing
i loved the scent
my skin is back to that youthful glow i've been missing
other glam glow products don't have them
the scent is my favorite part because of all those fruit extracts it smells amazing
smells just as divine as the mud mask.
has a nice little glow
flaky skin looking smooth
dewy after each use
the scent is amazing coconut!!!!
i love the slight coconut scent in it as well.
it smells like vacation
leaves it with a beautiful finish
then i saw this glam glow cleaner
the smell is warm almost like caramel.
love the turquoise packaging super cute!
this makes my skin look so bright and fresh.
so i gave glam glow a try.
i love the scent
i love the coconut scent
bright it makes my face after
my skin hasn't been this radiant
love how gentle this is on my eyes
it's leaves my skin so beautiful
it also has a very pleasant scent to it.
sometimes it has a coconut tropical scent other times it reminds me of playdoh
my flakiness is gone
i love the texture, and it smells delicious!
i love the smell, like cookies.
it was lovely as a second cleanse
the scent is really lovely
obsessed with the smell of this product!
i treat myself to this luxe wash
plus, it smells like cinnamon rolls to me.
n love with this creamy coconut face wash
my skin is even, balanced, and glowing!
leaves a lovely glow after rinsing off
love the texture and consistency.
walk away smelling like coconut
i've found the sweet spot
the clean sweet smell
this gives my skin a refreshing
this one smells like coconuts
i add a drop of tarte marajuca oil
this moisturizes it like a dream
it does brighten the eye area
this is my new eye creme holy grail
a lightness under my eyes
it has this wonderful organic floral scent
the formula is creamy and not sticky or thick.
combination with red undertones
the eye area feels very smooth and bright.
lightweight and refreshing, smells like cucumber!
this product is lovely.
i received a sample of the fresh lotus eye gel
i decided to buy the fresh lotus eye cream because this one treats under eye circles
i received a sample of the fresh lotus face cream
i like the light smell.
feels glorious upon application.
it has the same scent as the other lotus products
the texture is somewhere in between the lotus face cream
this isn't a creamy product
the next morning my eyes were radiant
when i say radiant
the color looked very youthful
it also gives me a bit of a glow in the eye area
as it seems to illuminate it in a dewy
it also smells faintly of cucumbers
it also smells heavenly which is always an added perk
in the past i've used tarte eye brightner
kheils avocado eye cream both are good
i am a realist when it comes to eye creams
it smells like cucumbers
there is a pearlescent finish to this cream
does brighten dark circles
i struggle with texture
in the morning my skin is glowing
this product is luxurious
just a nature light scent
leaves your skin silky smooth
the smell is perfectly fine for me
i don't really mind the scent --to me it smells kind of mushroomy
i see more of a glow
nude is a fabulous brand.
my skin was luminous.
no shine, just smooth, velvety skin.
it even smells nourishing with the natural oat
there is an odor
leaves skin silky smooth.
radiant skin then this is the product for you
its a great combomy skin looks more radiant
more glowing every day
the jasmine scent is lovely.
the formula is very silky.
it has a smell to it--fruity
silky after one use
the texture of the product is light
it has a light clean scent.
kind of smells likes baby powder
i loved the creamy
my skin is glowing.
ter making my skin feel like silk
there is a slight scent of shea butter.
it feels like silk on your face
it has the texture of an oil
is as gentle as baby wash
has a light scent during application
this oil is luxurious
it leaves a pleasant light scent on the face
since i love the scent
i love the light scent as well.
it is a perfect blend of moisture
this cleanser is super gentle
it emulsifies into a lovely milk
skin looks youthful once again
i look forward to using this luxurious cleanser every night
gives my skin a nice glow.
no red blotches only beautiful smooth hydrated skin that smells like i left a spa
i find the scent pleasant
the scent is pleasant
makes my skin glow
the oil smells divine
make my skin feel like silk
out because of the exquisite floral smell
which is more of a bright cheerful neroli-based floral
the fragrance smell is amazing
i also see a natural glow.
serum-like consistency that conditions my skin beautifully
my skin looked 100% brighter
more color to my tone
now has a nice glow
i would recommend pairing this with tarte's smooth operator amazonian clay finishing powder
my skin is brighter
cleansing just got more exciting for the minimalist
i've used both the glam glow illuminating moisturizer
this is something i use every day to add subtle shine
kind of pearly iridescent texture without glitter/brightener
i never thought i would like/use a tint moisturizer
gives you beautiful glow
provides a subtle radiant glow to my skin
if you like glow
add a tiny drop of sephora luminizing drops in starlight
i am sensitive to strong perfume scents
i often get compliments on my skin as it gives it a radiant
it goes one looking slightly gray with little flecks
because i found even the perfume that wafts up to be irritating
it has a light tint which i wanted
this has made my makeup look like skin not cakey
the tint gives an awesome glow
for the winter i'll probably switch to the cream without the tint
since i just don't know if the tint would be a bit too orangey for my very fair skin in the winter
gives a natural warm color to my skin
the ghostly white cast most of them give me
the color blends in great with my complexion
i love this tinted moisturizer!
it's perfect for my skin tone
which is medium with yellow undertones
it gives more of a glow rather than a tint.
fluffy with a nice hint of a mild fragrance
it gives a beautiful glow
it leave you glowing and tan!
the tint gives me the perfect "touch of sun" glow
the tinted version is wonderful.
smell is slightly heavenly
my color looks way healthier
if you are pale
it gives me a nice glow that looks great by itself or under foundations/powders
oil free, spf 30, and it makes my skin glow.
gives my skin a hint of color
i don't really notice much of a tint.
it leaves you with a warm glow that lasts all day
i used this every night for a week straight with nutritious vitality8™ radiant moisture creme in the mornings
i wake up with my skin radiant every day.
my skin looks more radiant
the smell is pleasant, not too strong or light.
seems to brighten my skin
it gives a beautiful hydratation to prep my skin before makeup too
i got a sample of this radiant moisture
of stunning texture with this cream
from every single lush moisturizer to clinique to fancier expensive stuff
it gave my light to medium tanned asian skin tone a great glow
everyone said my skin was glowing
truly does give your skin some radiance
i also use the laura mercier radiance primer
no making my under-eye area look crepe-y
my skin is super bright
the smell is light
this makes my skin so radiant
very strong hint of stale tobacco.
this makes me glow and helps with discoloration.
it smells like oatmeal cookies
the smell-- it has a strange
the texture is perfect.
people were complaining of a fishy smell
skin is tone and glowing.
every genius product smells clean
my skin is bright and more radiant than ever!
leaves my skin looking somehow plumped
i like the smell
my skin looks brighter
makes my skin very ruddy
it smells lovely and a little goes a long way.
has a slightly odd smell
it smells to me like creme de brule
i am glad it is scented
the scent is a strong
paints a super gorgeous picture
it does have a funky smell
my skin looks brighter
brightened my skin tone
which gives off a fake chocolate type smell
it smells like chocolate
it's so silky and has a pleasant smell.
improved that elusive thing called "radiance
the formula is silky
i suspect it would be lovely under a daytime moisturizer
s wearing only touché éclat as an undereye concealer
it smelled like king cake
my face is clean and smooth and beautiful.
finishes as a smooth potion on my face
my skin looks radiant
i actually find it pleasant
it smells like artificial chocolate cake
it has a pleasant coconut smell
my face is been glowing
the silky texture is between a gel
it was silky on my skin
it feels silky and a little went a long way.
this lightly sweet coconut scented lotion are miles apart
the smell is fine
not someone who wants fragrances in her products to mask natural smells
my skin looks clear and bright.
the texture is like silk
adds a beautiful luminosity to my skin
the color changes into a true orange color
this has a nice citrus scent
has a slightly odd scent.
skin is smooth like silk
it tingles in a nice way as the bubbles form
it gives you a glow
you need that glow go for it grl
this super bubbly refreshing mask is amazing!
the tingling bubbling sensation this mask gives is awesome
bright after just one mask
nice refreshing bubbling mask.
the bubbling action this mask packs is spectacular
love the bubbling sensation that happens as it cleanses the skin
gives me an instant perfect glow
none are as refreshing
the mask starts off as a blue gel that when massaged on damp skin beings to produce a white foam that gives off a bubbly
calming ingredients like mallow
it felt refreshing with no sting
you don't feel the fizzing
upon washing my face i noticed a nice glow
i can see my face has a beautiful glow
leaves it looking matte
with its bubbling sensation
the blue gel spreads luxuriously
transforms into a bubbling foam that feels great
refreshing sensation it leaves on the skin
plus, it makes skin look rejuvenated and bright.
because it sounded intriguing
as each bubble pops it feels so luxurious
my skin is glowing
feels refreshing on the skin.
the eye balm is perfect.
one weird located on my eyebrow
my skin looks more radiant
everybody's skin is genetically different
my face glowed like never before
you gonna glow girl.
you gonna glow like jlo in that versace dress in 2000
glowing skin, even tone and pores smaller.
my skin looks glowing
an amazing glow to my skin
there is definitely a glow
i love the silky texture!
the pleasant fragrance of it still made them red
love the scent of this product
more glowing after use
it is a heavily scented product much like the dior
i find the fragrance to be quite lovely
it's fresh, clean, feminine and bright.
it is silky smooth
it really did give my skin a glow
like grapefruit or orange blossom
love the texture and the way this reflects light.
it's literally a gorgeous product
on deeper skin tones, it turns almost golden.
makes my face instantly brighter
do like the shimmering effect it gives me a natural glow
has little bits of shimmer in it
the shimmer combined with the thicker
if a light shimmer isn't for you
it just gives you a bit of a glow.
once mixed the texture is beautiful.
a glowing complexion this is your product
i love green tea
see more of a glow in my skin
i mix a tiny bit of the powder with a gentle cleanser
i love the subtle earthy fragrance it has
my skin has never looked so fresh and bright.
my makeup applys so beautifully in the morning.
creamy cleanser when mixed with a bit of water
and it mixes to make a perfect creamy cleanser.
the light scent it has to it
isn't overpowering or rough at all
it has a slight citrus scent
all with a lovely subtle citrus scent.
the results are glowing
i like that it is gentle
this cleansing powder is very gritty in my opinion
the oil helps hide the scent
it didn't feel gentle
my skin is brighter
my skin is brighter
wow this product completely works like magical fairy dust
it's worth it to have glowingly beautiful skin
this exfoliator is so finely milled
gentle i love it
i love the scent
my skin is so silky
my goal was to find a gentle
i turn it into a creamy paste with water
and the product smells like grapefruits!
the delicate scrubbing effect is simply wonderful
it's just as lovely
although a tiny bit grittier
glowing skin then buy this
it left my skin smooth and bright.
definitely leaves my skin glowing
silky my skin felt for days after
skin was left bright and glowing.
my face felt so soft and revealed a nice glow.
my skin was glowing and so smooth.
leaves your skin silky smooth
it even gives it a bit of a glow
ljust don't like the strong fragrance
now my skin is glowing
i find the scent a little overpowering
my makeup glides on.
has that lovely lancôme fragrance
it's a pleasant smell, just strong.
skin tone is more even and bright.
more radiant starting from week 2
the smell is pleasant.
skin that could be smoother textured
was immediately put off by the heavy floral fragrance
it's perfect, my skin glows and is so smooth!!
great for my oily skin and has a pleasant scent.
in that short time my skin looked radiant
i woke with beautiful radiant and glowing skin.
radiant as it should be
didn't notice how beautiful
bright my skin was
my skin is silky smooth
it is creamy, not slimy, and goes on well.
it feels very silky on the skin
still love the hourglass
the smell is heavenly.
i love the way it feels soothing
the mask is lovely!
really helps reveal radiant skin
i enjoy the purple color
this mask is so soothing
calming while it's on
you are left with beautiful skin
i prefer this mask to glam glow masks.
this mask is a combination of the blue
white glam glow masks
it smells heavenly and applies like a dream.
my skin adores it
my skin emerged with a lovely glow that i haven't seen in a long time
this is a lovely product
the smell is amazing too (like berries)!
it did brighten my skin
my skin glows after this mask
i noticed brighter, firmer more radiant skin.
i love the color, texture and smell.
beware that the smell is strong
i wanted that glow mama!
makes the hair look brighter and healthier.
skin is glowing and dark spots are fading!
my skin looks like it's glowing
my texture is incredibley smooth
it feels a little tacky
my 3 sun spots seem to fade
no offensive scent makes it a keeper!
even after one use my skin looked more radiant
my skin is more radiant
my skin instantly looked fresh.
i feel like i'm glowing without looking greasy.
my complexions is so glow-y!
my skin is truly glowing!
most of all gives me this healthy glow
this smells like lotus
i love the silk feeling of this eye cream.
wears nicely under makeup
lovely gel/cream texture.
love this eye cream
i loved the way it smelled
the texture is smooth, creamy and non-greasy.
the smell is lovely, like a spa-lavender.
i love the scent
makes my skin glow and reduces pores.
it was non-scented
the pore perfector even smells good!
it performs beautifully on all
gives a matte smooth as silk finish.
it leaves a beautiful finish on my skin.
i like the light smell also.
i love that it gives a bit of a glow after applying
this definitely is gentle
if you tan in the summer
has an amazing non-greasy texture
my skin is so bright
this moisturizer makes my skin glow in the morning
this is a great product that absorbs into the skin fast leaving the feel of a petal
i like the texture of the cream
the texture or smell of them
this is beautifully smooth
my skin feels softer smoother with a nice glow not shiny
the texture is quite strange
i love this eye balm!
it leaves a silky application
it also feels like whipped silk--very lovely texture
it is creamy without being too much.
when i wake up in the morning my eyes are silky smooth
a tiny bit of this product comforted soothed
use it as a moisturizer because it's pleasant
s the algenist spf 50 sublime defense
evenness to the skin tone
my complexion is more luminous too.
my face feels so soft and looks radiant.
this cream has a luxurious feel
it also has a nice, fresh scent that i love.
think it makes my complexion brighter
this has completely brightened my complexion
love the bright & smooth complexion it gave me.
this has been gentle on my skin
i definitely notice a more luminous complexion
left my skin feeling velvety
it feels so luxurious on the skin
milky at the same time
this cleanser is gorgeous
perfect with the clarisonic because it froths it up a bit
gave it a great glow the next morning
plus, it has such a soothing smell.
the luna sleeping night oil has a deep blue color
the result is a glowy
my skin feels brighter
my skin is glowing
i noticed that white pillowcases have a faint blue tinge on them now
i love it--it's so earthy
it is very patchouli-esque
my skin looks youthful
it smells like oil to me in the same way that natural coconut oil or olive oil
i wake up with beautiful skin
it always sits wonderfully
this one is so soothing
i love the light scent.
i loved how it made my skin glow
the scent is lovely
it works magic on my skin
i love how glow-y my face looks right after i put it on
the smell is also pleasant in comparison to good genes
this does not smell pleasant.
i wake up with the most radiant skin
it smells like rotten blueberries.
gives my skin an instant glow
it's a holy grail retinoid that's gentle enough paired with awesome oils
it gave me a youthful glowing from within look
it does smell a bit like rosemary
it is magic in a bottle!
plus that amazing "glow" that not many products can deliver
it's tight, yet luminous, supple and balanced.
it smells like tea leafs!
the smell is wonderful it's not like roses or anything chemical
my skin has brightened
i love the way it smells
i wake up to baby soft, radiant skin.
it smells like an over-brewed cup of camomile tea
your face looks more luminous the next day
i'll definitely try other hydra sparkle products
the textural difference is noticeable
the consistency wasn't watery
i wake up with a glow
there is no funky smell.
my face was so plumped, bright, youthful again.
it's a lovely formulation that really makes skin glowy
i find that it is helping to make my skin look more radiant
also brighten my face
leaves my skin feeling silky
the texture is really light
has made my skin more luminous
i chose a mixture of the licorice
i always get licorice
my skin looks clearer, calm, and more radiant.
made my skin more vibrant
it was so bright and vibrant also.
everyone kept saying my skin seemed to glow.
my skin instantly looked brighter
leaving me with a radiant complexion
the texture is pleasant
i shun the sun
tonight i've reapplied and it just lovely.
it does cause a slight peeling that leaves fresh new skin that glows
my skin tone was brighter
i love when my skin is glowing.
my skin does look brighter
in the short term using this makes my skin glow
it works like a charm
my skin texture went from flaky to smooth
my foundation powder glides on effortlessly
it's such a smooth texture
for an oily girl this is great.
my makeup is flawless.
the texture is perfect
minimizes pores and creates a silky feeling.
my foundation glides on
the finish is matte
it blends pleading perfectly
the only down side is the perfume scent
it really is invisible, and blends in perfectly.
it makes the skin very velvety feeling
it is just so velvety feeling.
it's smooth and silky and feels light on my skin.
this is better than the ysl blurring primer with the gold sparkles
it also hydrates my skin giving me a beautiful dew look without any excessive oil
my mom noticed my skin looks super delicate
my makeup sits very nicely overtop of it
in the sun all day
it really feels invisible and matte.
the murad invisiblur has 2 major differences to the smashbox photo finish: the murad invisiblur primer smells beautiful refreshing
while the smashbox primer has no scent
it feels like silk on your skin
i prefer a matte face, and this delivers.
smooth,silky transparent gold.
makes your skin feel beautiful under your foundation
i am a natural red head with fair skin.
this primer leaves a beautiful finish
glowing skin at my age
my makeup glides on.
mattes my trouble areas beautifully
smells super good and the bottle is gorgeous.
the scent is a little odd
my makeup looks flawless
it it adds that sought-after glow
does my noise still get shiny after 7 hours?
like from fresh or clinique
made it crystal clear
after years of searching for the perfect matte moisturizer i have finally found my holy grail
it also lays nicely under makeup whether it's a tinted moisturizer/bb cream or heavier foundation
shiny after an hour
it works like a charm and super gentle.
light gel texture with a nice natural finish
it feels so light & refreshing.
it gives a glow while providing very light moisture
love the matte look
it hydrates my dry areas beautifully
it makes me look radiant all day
goes on like silk, blends in really well.
my skin looks airbrushed and it stays.
i love the airbrush finish this product givesi love the hint of color this product givesi love the way it fills fine lines
it definitely made my skin smooth and glowing.
even on very textured
my eyes look bright
the skin around my eyes looked so bright
brightens & de-puffs eyes.
it's thick, calming, and soothes the skin.
mixing with oils for a nighttime blend
my skin looks more glowy
this marvelous cream instantly soothes
it feels more bouncy
look dewy fresh all day
plumped out my fine lines
i returned the glam glow mask because it was $70
the flakiness is gone
it also smells like lemon poppyseed!
within minutes of applying my skin began to glow
my skin is very shiny
there is a tiny bit of a scent
there's a bountiful amount of product
the scent is light and refreshing.
has a very light citrus-y scent that i think my cat even likes
it's a little dewy for summer
great smell, nonsticky, very moist.
the smell is green but subtle and fades quickly.
feels like satin going on
not a fan of the lemon scent.
love the smell, texture.
it turns into a luscious foamy lather
it is very creamy
it's very creamy, but it washes away cleanly.
this creamy cleanser is great.
gentle for my skin
the smell is a mix between oranges and herbs.
smells good too if you are cool with herbal scents
makes me glow-y before i even apply moisturizer
gives me that squeaky clean feeling
sweet on taste which proves it
all natural products, smells simple and clean.
my skin was glowing
it's a really fresh and clean scent.
i love how silky it feels on my skin
the smell makes me awe
it is really gentle
it goes on easily in a milky texture
super creamy, a little goes a very long way.
smells lightly lemon scented and clean.
with a faint herbal scent
the consistency is just like the name: milky
not dewy for me
layers beautifully under makeup
this smooth creamy moisturizer is great
gentle on the skin
it gives your face a nice glow.
makes my skin look smooth and dewy!
the fragrance is also lovely
i love that it's a light moisturizer with a light scent
it is not heavy, greasy or creamy.
makes my skin looked polished
gives it a glow while not being greasy
it leaves the skin feeling a little tacky
it makes makeup glide on
the belief true cream aqua bomb
the true cream aqua balm is a winner.
the light scent is crisp
reminds me of a lemon starburst!
the aqua bomb is amazing.
my skin has never looked so radiant
it's fresh, sweet and lemony...but not citrusy.
it's like a lemon dessert scent and its subtle.
refreshing sensation on the skin that makes it feel luxurious
refreshing on your skin
i blend it with my foundation
so this aqua bomb is perfect
i love the texture
my makeup looks amazing overtop
aqua bomb is the perfect solution.
perfectly ligh on the skin
have added a couple of youthful years worth of glow
radiant through out the day
a little illuminator for a nice glow
i like the sort of ocean scent it has.
my skin is radiant
stays glowing all day
it's a nice lightweight blue gel
it reminds me of lemon starbursts candy.
plus, the smell is lovely!
smells like fruit loops
gives me a glow without using any type of foundation or tinted moisturizer
it soaks into the skin beautifully
it is very lightweight, creamy and smooth.
i still have a nice glow
not creamy or heavy
the light citrusy scent is nice
this stuff is thick and dreamy.
it is so creamy, yet light.
has a wonderfully light scent
not going to brighten to dazzling levels
it also smells very nice and calming.
i love everything about this brightening "mask".
every morning my face has a beautiful glow
and this mask works like magic!
my skin is glowing the morning
radiant she thought i had makeup on
i love the texture
it's definitely a gentle product
i wake up to a very glowing and brightened skin.
it reminds me a lot of aqua bomb in terms of texture
has little orange beads infused in it
i love that there is no scent
this mask is really gentle
the skin underneath was radiant
there is a light fragrance
it comes off your face with gentle
this is a delightful smelling mask
my skin feels and looks radiant afterward.
it has a lovely texture
my skin is glowing afterwards
i must say my face has a nice glow to it in the morning
it has a wonderful yet not overbearing citrus scent
this product is gentle
has a light pleasant scent
has a very faint herbal smell
i love the texture
these products are lovely to use
i find the smell very pleasant
it almost has an earthy
it has balanced my skin beautifully.
i love the texture of this face wash
have a light olive skin tone
plumps the eyes beautifully
this is a heavenly product.
love this eye cream!!!
brighten my under eyes
as soon as i tried it i fell in love with the creamy
the texture of this eye cream is between watery
i am the pensive type
the texture around my eyes look
it also gives your skin a subtle glow which looks natural
not only does this moisturizer give me a lightweight glow
i love that this shimmery moisturizer comes in very subtle skin tints
the "rosy glow" is perfect
i received this as a sample in the golden glow
saw it comes with a tint to them
and honestly, it barely gives a tint.
it gives more of a glow!
just the slightest glow that looks great under my makeup
the golden glow left my skin healthy looking
always using sun screen
i guess using sun screen on top of it will reduce the golden glow effect
this does have a shimmer to it
also the smell is pleasant and clean.
it made my skin look radiant!
it is not sparkly
does give a bit of shimmer
just gives it a healthy glow
the yellow lotion is better for people who look better wearing silver
the pink lotion is for people who look better wearing gold
i got about 5 uses out of a sample size of the golden glow
in my opinion the sparkle is subtle
i would like to try the rosy glow
it does have a glow to it which
as i have pink undertones to my skin
yes there is shimmer.
just no shimmer element
even a tad more radiant
i love the glitter.
i think the glitter
leaves skin moist and glowing.
brightens, evens out my rosy skin.
my skin is brighter
i buy the gold toned one as i already have very rosy skin
i didn't tall in love with is
i just bought this moisturizer in rosy glow
makes my skin feel so smooth with a very subtle glow
i found no unpleasant smell
this ultra-light cream has a shimmer to it straight out of the tube
it works to brighten the face
the glitters/shimmers in the cream are very small
make your skin glow rather than sparkle
it gives me a glow
it also gives a nice glow.
sizes in golden glow
i've also read online that the rosy glow one doesn't have as much shimmer
i don't have an olive complexion
i love the glow it creates.
gives my skin a healthy glow
not glittery/sparkle-y
it's nice to start the day off luminous
gives a perfect glow to my skin
my skin looks plump
my skin is not only silky smooth
my skin was radiant
my skin adores it!
lack of perfume-like scent which many products have
my skin is glowing, dewy, and looks so healthy.
the next morning my skin would glow
it is nice mixed with moisturizer in the evening to make a richer application
it smells like all of the seaberry products
has my skin feeling beautiful
lovely dewy skin after mixing with my face cream.
blends beautifully with my other products
i look so luminous now with this in my routine
i love the scent
my lashes are loving it
made my skin buttery soft.
i blend it in with my mosturizer
my skin has a certain glow.
evening as moisturizer it's so gentle for the skin
brightness in the morning
most radiant skin when i wake in the morning
this glam glow cleanser has my made skin clear
gentle i use this at night
the gel comes out beautifully
in the morning my skin is glowing
i love the way this brightens my face
i first tried the white glam glow face wash
i've always been a huge fan of glam glow
velvety smooth as advertised
it made a silky foam
the scent is fresh, and pear, and amazing.
love the smell, love the texture!
i already have most glam glow face muds
gives my complexion life
my skin looks bright
this wash gives me bright
i love glam glow masks
i heard all about glam glow products
my skin looks so bright
then first aid beauty's radiant sleeping facial
very pleasant smell that's light
it made my skin so bright
glam glow products are fantastic.
love the light scent as well.
my skin looks vibrant
the packaging was cool
wish they bottled the scent.
it is a light pink oil with a faint scent of rose
this lightweight oil is perfect as moisturizer without feeling heavy/stuffy
my skin looks cleaner
they charged me $44 for it i showed them glam glow
never tried glam glow products
i love glam glow
however this cleanser's scent is quite refreshing
it has a fresh apple scent just like the power mud mask
silky smooth throughout the day
texture for my skin
plus smelling like roses is a great bonus!
that give me more of a glow than this
really like its rose scent
this is a product that feels luxurious
smells lovely going on
the smell is divine
it leaves your skin feeling silky smooth.
applying it to my skin for an extra creamy texture
make it glow with health
with this product it gave me a perfect glow
gives my skin a lovely finish
the combo looks flawless
i love all things roses and this smells lovely!
it's very strongly scented with rose
y mix it with the indigo tatcha cream
it's perfect for my redness
i especially love this on my no makeup days since the oil makes my skin positively glow
i love the way it smells.
helps give radiant skin.
the fragrance gives me a headache
while this smells strong in the bottle
the smell is divine.
the product smells divine (just like roses)2.
it gives an amazing glow tot he skin4.
it is a velvety product
this oil blend is slightly lighter in texture than the
if this were tinted
the velvety, powder feeling is so luxurious.
great scent, texture and longevity.
the blur effect is perfect- subtle
it gives a matte finish
the sublime defense reminds me of the mattegels
it has a lovely soft texture
it has no shine
it's feels velvety and smooth on my face.
my makeup looks fresh
don't mind the slight whitening others mention--imo more of a pale pink cast
leaves my sensitive skin silky smooth
i love sublime defense
this glorious magic cream gives me 12 hours of perfection with zero touch ups
the texture is airy
i like the fluffy texture too.
it has a whipped, light texture.
i love the scent of this it is very light
this makes my skin feel like velvet
it keeps shine at bay
light scent that's not overpowering or gross
i can wear it underneath my tarte amazonian clay foundation
this has a lovely whipped texture -- you don't have to scrape it out of the tub --
the texture is sort of like pudding or tapioca
minus the little pearls
the smell is fresh
no strong fragrance or 'sunscreen' smell
gives tan skin a pale violet hue
my little peach fuzz st
i love how thick and creamy it is!
make you look a little ghostly
and blends wonderfully into the skin.
it feels balmy and soothing.
the neon-violet hue thats left on my face after i apply it
it comes out like a mousse/souffle texture.
leaves your skin lush
as a fair skinned woman
i would describe my skin tone as golden-tan
it brightens combination skin
the fragrance is not overwhelming
it leaves my skin smooth and bright.
my skin was impeccably smooth
it does have like an earthy smell to it
i find the scent refreshing
could be a dupe for the glam glow mask
if not better as the glam glow purifying mask
it's earthy, but not a good earthy.
very gritty and grainy in texture.
the heavens have blessed us.
total dupe for glam glow.
however it has a very intense lemon tree smell
it smells like the tree itself not the lemons.
the smell is a bit earthy
my face looks brighter
the smell is strong in the container
it's definitely a good dupe for the white glam glow
it's a mix between origins charcoal
better than the other glam glow mask i tried
at first the earthy smell was very off putting for me
focus on the effects of this mask which are for me brighter glow
i think it smells refreshing.
it does have a strong aroma
even get headaches from something that's too fragrant
the scent is strong
rosy in such a good way, glowing, fresh.
the smell of the product smells like something
old person would use with a hint of cilantro
you receive slightly more product than the glam glow version
i really enjoy the scent of the mask- quite earthy
it reminds me of the white glam glow
it is a true dupe for the glam glow mask which much more expensive
it smelled like chemicals or perfume.
its comparable to the glam glow mask in how well it works
leaves you feeling fresh and brand new!
saw this mask at a fraction of the price of the glam glow
i love my glam glow face mask
it's way better than the glam glow one
this mask does have an earthy smell
same as glam glow but less expensive
the mask itself is kind of chunky
yes it does smell very earthy
this mask smells earthy and i love it.
it smells fine to me has an earthy smell to it
my complexion was bright
this mask is nearly indentical to the glam glow
go to sephora to get the glam glow mask
i knew it was a gray ish mud
it has a pleasant floral scent to it.
without giants clumps of leaves or twigs like glam glow
may purchase as an alternative to thw glam glow once i've finished what i have
it's $40 cheaper than glam glow
never spending money on that glam glow goop ever again
a lot of people are comparing this to the glam glow mask
also, the smell is amaaaaazing.
or just need a boost of glow
gives my skin a nice glow
it brightens my skin instantly
my face looks brighter
the bubbly "oxygenating" sensation is fun
it instantly appears brights
love the tingling feeling
it has a nice creamy lather
soft with a small amount of glow
after using this product my skin is luminous
it gives me a very nice glow
definitely my new beauty ritual.
sun screen from the weekend
bubbles away to leave your skin radiant
giving my skin a refreshed glow
bubbly feeling while it works
you can feel it tingling and bubbling.
my skin glows after using it.
i love this mask so refreshing
it really makes my skin glow the next day
it's cool and a teeny bit tingly going on.
dries to a slightly tacky finish
the fragrance is reminiscent of pine sap
i love the warmth of this cleanser
my face feels beautiful.
has more of a glow to it
has a honey-like texture
love this product and the scent!
i fell in love with the fruity scent
uncomplicated cleanser to use with my foreo luna
it smells so heavenly and lathers really well.
was wondering what was the glorious scent
the consistency is velvety
perfect for a gentle cleanser to start the day
fell completely in love with the light scent
my skin is bright and smooth and healthier.
the smell is lovely and it lasts me a while.
it has made my skin so much more radiant
this is a nice light oil for nighttime
skin has a nice glow after one week use.
i love how bright
plus it smells like heaven to me.
my skin seems brighter
the smell is light
my skin is radiant and so soft!
it also smells lovely unlike others ice sampled
its kind of a fresh citrus scent which is very enjoyable when pressing the oil into your face
my skin feels like velvet
my skin is glowing
i like the smell
you wake up to radiant skin
my skin is radiant and smooth.
it didn't give me this radiance
glowy in the morning
i like the light orangey scent that this line has
my skin looks brighter
my skin was dewy
always wake up looking radiant
t's ideal for oily peeps
my skin is brighter and more radiant each day.
it also helps with radiance
this thing is a life savor.
invigorating at the same time
it's also got beautiful packaging
you have to work to be beautiful.
my skin looks brighter
my fine lines look plumper
leaves it looking fresh
the best part is it made my skin look so fresh with a rosy glow to my cheeks
it was a little pink
refreshes skin, leaves it glowing.
makes your skin glow
immediately makes your skin so vibrant
relaxing almost like a mini massage
i definitely have a glow after using the product
my skin was silky smooth
it is so smooth and glowing!
my skin looks bright
it makes my skin glow!
luminosity -- in spades moisture -- you betcha
bubbly sensation feels great
looks radiant when i wash it off
...and keep all this lushness to myself!
afterwards my skin glowed
you can see the glow right after.
feels like champagne in a facial
my skin looked enriched
luminous after one use
it feels like an expensive bubbly champagne or something that i just absolutely love the tingly feeling of
my skin looked glowy
leaves skin silky smooth
it's a funky sensation- a little tingly
the scent is nice and light, but rosy
the texture is gelcream like
i love how dewy fresh and young my skin looks!!
it made my skin looking glowing
i am in love with the creamy texture
this is a very creamy, nourishing moisturizer.
i love it under my makeup cause it really makes my skin glow
it has a beautiful floral scent that isn't overpowering
also gives me radiance
this cream moisturizes wonderfully
in the morning your skin will be glowing!
it smells beautiful too.
it smells rosy but not overpowering.
smells ever-so-gently of rose
the scent is very pleasant
goes on beautifully while soaking into my skin.
i came in to the store to buy the rose petal mask from fresh
my skin looks dewy
texture in my skin
i love the texture
smells wonderful and makes my skin soft!
this cream is delicious.
i also love the smell
a strong eucalyptus/lavender blend
makeup went on beautifully
it has a pleasant smell
it makes your skin glow
my skin feels so silky and beautiful.
it leaves a lovely glow
a bonus is that it leaves this lovely floral scent on my pillow
only con is it has a matte finish
it has a light powder smell.
the fragrance isn't overwhelming
has the characteristic l'occitane smell
this moisturizer gives my face the healthiest glow ever without being oily or sticky
i like the scent
it does smell like baby powder
i like its texture, but i don't like the scent.
the smell was pleasing
beautiful indulgent texture of this cream
it gives my skin a healthy glow
has a nice pink clay color
left it looking bright
i would relate this to the glam glow mud masks
i've tried many masks including glam glow
the more radiant my skin looked
gives it a nice glow
your skin will be luminescent
it gives skin this luminous quality
i see the rosiness of the mask color give my skin an instant rosy
it smells like fruity pebbles
the smell is not overpowering which is lovely
not only is it a gorgeous colour my skin has never been this smooth
i've had the white pot from glam glow before
it smells amazing and makes pores smaller.
also gives a bit of a glow!
makes your skin look so beautiful
it looks weird because its pink
i love the smell of this mask
refreshing on the skin
leaves skin beautiful without drying.
it makes my skin look like it's glowing
this is the perfect masque for you
it reminded me a lot of the glam glow mask
turning it bright red
the glam glow one
this one by far beats glam glow
from using glam glow masks for years i wasn't jumping for joy
my glam glow masks are collecting dust
amazing i've never seen my skin glow like this
it's always been a browny pink colour
it is not as intense as glam glow
it has really light fragrance smell
it's a refreshing/awakening feeling
how gentle it is on my skin
its a thick to creamy consistency
its a pretty light pink color
tried the glam glow clearing mask
glow it gave me
create a nice smooth texture
this clay mask is the perfect instant mask!
it leaves me with an immediate glow
this one is a bit musky
gives you that flawless "glow
it gives my skin an instant look of radiance
not lumpy like how the glam glow tingle exfoliate is
gentle it is for a clay mask
this mask is a perfect clay mask!
makes your face crystal clear
it has fresh scent
it gives me a soothing
my skin is brightened
i like the scent.
smells like a nice muted tea.
there is a mild organic smell to it
my skin looked brighter
my skin has an awesome glow to it
my skin is gorgeous
i get constant compliments on how beautiful my skin is
it just makes it feel so silky smooth
my whole face looks dewy fresh
the texture is perfect love how it's a clay
i love how my skin glows after i use this.
smells like spa heaven--
i think this smells like sweet grapes
isn't gentle about it
and to me it smells a little vinegary.
just feels silky smooth afterward.
it leaves my skin feeling bright
instead, it's smooth and silky without being dry.
it does have a smell, almost a celery smell.
i like flora but it does smell.
it's a salad dressing smell
when i woke up this morning my skin was luminous
i decided to splurge on this flora oil
i didn't have a glow
it goes on smooth and silky.
the scent is pleasant
it smells like roasted chicken
roses sautéed in olive oil
i like the smell
but this oil smells.
sort of like the bottom of a flower pot?
4 stars for the smell
i ran out of my tatcha camellia beauty oil
like roses in the garden after the rain
i feel my skin glows
my skin looks radiant
beautiful oil with a faint calming rose smell that moisturizes
i love the smell of roses
this does smell like roses
dark red velvet type of roses
deep scent that is nevertheless subtle
but the smell is spicy and delicious.
the smell is so natural
the texture of the product is just lovely
love the light scent also!
gave it a fresh glow
just lovely and hydrating a winter must , enjoy
wake up with bright
i wake up in the morning with beautiful skin
it's a nice thick gel texture
i love the way this product glides on
loved the jelly like texture
the scent was so yummy
my mirror feels like a time-lapse video of a blooming tulip
it has a strong scent of a mix of floral
green tea which i like
although if you don't like floral scented products
it is very silky
i decided to buy this cleanser in place of just my sweet almond oil because i have a pink complexion
i love that this had rosemary
the fragrance is amazing although rather strong- it burns my eyes-
this product is great, the smell is divine!
it removes makeup like a charm
gentle on my skin
your face feels beautifully clean
like me have intense allergies to almost all scents
your skin is left feeling silky smooth
i am a medium/dark skinned woman who wears a chestnut bb tinted cream daily
it is so lovely.
the fragrance is so earthy
it has a really earthy smell.
rinse and you can smell the lovely fresh scent.
i absolutely loved the blue shiseido pureness deep cleansing foam
it's a unique scent that smells clean.
it whisks away my makeup and it smells amazing.
pros: becomes a nice milky consistency with water
the smell is pleasant
loves the smell it's very natural
by far a pleasurable cleansing experience.
clean, fragrant, fresh smell.
this gives my skin a breath of fresh air
while the smell is wonderfully fragrant
i love the silky texture of the oil as it heats up in your h
it foams so beautifully
removes makeup like a charm
the smell is refreshing
i prefer cleansers that are foamy or a least bubbly
a little bit of this floral scented balm does wonders for my face
it leaves your skin smelling
it has a wonderful herbal scent which i absolutely love
it's a green scent,like bamboo.
this balm is perfection!
it has a great herbal/floral smells
it turns into a creamy lotion when rubbed with warm water
it makes you skin gorgeous.
love it and it smells like honeydew melons!
i personally love the clean floral smell.
too fragrant for me
the earthy scent was immediately favorite
i love the silky feeling it leaves on my skin
the fresh tea scent of it is so relaxing
when i added the warm water it was a super-rich creamy cleanser
such an notic oboe improvement in small under eye lines
using this is invigorating.
scent is nice, it's light and not greasy.
after using this fresh scented gel-cream for two weeks i noticed my skin is brighter
it has a soft pleasant herbal scent
it's has a masculine scent to it, but i like it.
there isn't a powdery cast.
i like that the smell isn't feminine
my skin is brighter
glowing like it never has
my complexion looks brighter.
this product has my eyes looking bright
also love the smell.
my skin feels like silk after
then massage the product all over to make it a creamy consistency on your face
i also love the scent
my skin has an bright
refreshing along with that normal charcoal smell
my skin looks so radiant is so smooth after every application
my makeup goes on better and looks less cakey.
my skin just glows
it transformed into a creamy lather
this has a very faint herbal aroma that is also very relaxing
i get this dewy, gorgeous look.
i love the texture
the texture is super-light
it really gives a nice glow
i do love the glow that comes from using this product though
the smell is so botanical
my lovely friend gifted this to me
it works wonderfully on my combination skin.
in one week my skin was transformed to natural glowy soft dewy look
it has a nice woodsy smell.
it does have sort of a sweet/herbal scent
wears beautifully under make-up.
very innovative and lovely moisturizer.
scent is very similar to the perfume by lancôme called magie noire
cool gel, nice and light.
i also love the smell
left my skin feeling crazy soft and glow-y.
this gives me a little glow
has made my skin more radiant
my skin looks fresh
the texture is lovely
my face has a glow to it
this oil smells divine, like a pure luxury item!
this one glides across your face beautifully
it glides on my skin nicely
this is like magic oil.
the texture in my skin
the first thing i noticed was the amazing citrusy smell
it truly brightens your skin tone
leaves my skin soft and radiant.
your makeup look flawless
this one is a delight.
the experience of using is relaxing
dare i say luminous
it's texture is creamy
this smells like heaven!!
they should make this smell a perfume or body mist
i am glowing after using this as well as their volcanic moisturizer
i got the glam glow mini sample set
it smells heavenly i wish i could bathe in it
my skins glows and results are quick!
says your skin looks beautiful
this has really bought a beautiful glow to my skin
gentle on the skin
even looking glow to it
i've used other glam glow products that gave me breakouts
i like the smell
another good mud mask from the glam glow folks.
you get somewhat of a glow after use
i get an amazing glow in the morning
this product is so luxurious.
i love the texture and it smells good.
it looks radiant after several uses
it helped a loooot with dark spots/scars.
my skin was visually brighter in tone.
the texture was smoother
radiant boost i need
you can smell a light fragrance while it is on your face
it tingles a little bit
so radiant and healthy looking.
it definitely gives a instant glow in just one use
gives skin a brightened appearance
truly brightened my skin within 3 uses.
it made my skin so beautiful.
all glam glow products seem to smell amazing
it's a tropical punch type smell i think
this mask leaves my skin looking brighter
can't wait to try more masks from glam glow
i like the smell
it leaves my skin feeling so radiant
i like to pair it with the glam glow hydration mask afterwards
most beautiful skin in the morning
this has to be my absolute favorite glam glow mask
i cannot wait to try new glam glow products
i've found this mask to exfoliate my face beautifully
my skin feels so smooth and bright.
perfect to use before an event when you want that picture perfect glow
orange glam glow masks
really gives my face a clean glow
leaves my skin looking fresh
i will have bright
the results are heavenly
this brightens my already lilly white skin so beautifully
first off, the scent is divine!
it brightens your complexion like you just had a brightening facial done
i mean i love all of glam glow line
i love all the glam glow masks i have tried so far
which turns dull with the slightest sun exposure
the scent is strong
overall tone of my olive skin is improved
no more flaky, dull skin!
the sent is slightly citrusy
my face still feels divine after using
in the name of beauty/vanity
they have a grainy and a soft side.
the grainy side is a bit rough.
a light chemical smell disguised with hints of men's cologne?
the gritty side polishes my skin while the smooth side soothes
leaves my skin feeling like velvet!
i just glow after using it
take immaculate care of my skin
my skin truly looked more luminous
my skin looks flawless
makes your skin glow
glowing skin for a special event
the smell is nice if you like lavender oil.
goes on lightweight, with a pleasant/clean smell.
love the subtle smell, love how quickly it dries.
when i start to get grungy
it's pleasant to use-- smells just a little of grapefruit
glowing after winter made it very dull
decided to give it a try because i liked the natural exotic ingredients
a natural glow two days after using this
it tingles and smells like heaven!!
i like the smell.
it smells like pink grapefruit
i like how i look in pink clay
the pink color is also lovely!
has a great grainy texture to ensure exfoliation
my complexion is glowing
the mask also has a lovely soft rose scent.
the rose smell is nice, very light and natural.
this mask is magic!!!
and it smells very lovely.
i love the smell and color of the rose clay!
bright silkiness that is now your face
lush has a similar rose clay mask
it makes my skin look buttery smooth & flawless!
it is gentle on the skin
it has made my skin look radiant after use
i love the scent
makes your skin glow!
it does have a strong rosy scent
it has a strong fragrance
has a subtle rose scent
i love origins charcoal mask
it tingles a little when on
this mask smells like roses
my complexion less red
everyone raves about the origins charcoal mask.
also, the scent is a lovely rose petal smell.
it leaves my skin fresh
definitely gives boost of radiance
for a bit of non-shiny radiance
it gives your skin a subtle radiance effect
the smell is a traditional guerlain smell
had the most beautiful rosy hue
it gives your skin this amazing glow
boosts for a radiant younger look skin.
the pomegranate mask made me breakout
this is one of those products that does what it says of giving you a luminous radiance without looking like a disco ball
this goes on smooth, gives skin a glow.
my only "complaint" is the old-lady perfumy smell
it has a light texture and blends in well.
it leaves a little shine
(i have dark complexion)
after just two uses of the pearl mask my skin looked brighter
my face is brighter, more plumped and has a glow.
the green tea makes my face feel like heaven.
my face looked radiant
i've tried the green tea
i wake up with a natural glow
it gave me a beautiful glow!
my faves are algea, avacado, honey and pearl.
they make your skin radiate
i love the pomegranate one because i appeared brighter
love the green tea mask
i really like the green tea
bright after i put those
i used the green tea
green tea masks too
the scent is very faint, which i love.
the rose one brightens skin over night
it also has a lovely scent
it's nice and smells fresh, i'll use it again.
my skin was actually glowing
the green tea provided nourishment
woke up to gorgeous skin
i used the green tea one
the honey and rose are my favorites.
the green tea is also really good at calming the skin
i love the green tea one.
uses words like "luminous"
left my skin feeling super smooth and glowing.
although the smell of the ginseng pod is not great
i get the "glow" after each use
i love the texture
this green tea sleeping mask is amazing.
love how smooth and how my skin glows after use.
the gel like texture is soothing
the orchid one smelled amazing
the pearl one made my skin feel
my complexion is glowing
pearl mask for a brighter complexion
look pale in the morning
a subtle fragrance of rose, not too strong.
with another day my skin was just radiant
i love the refreshing minty feel
it has a satin feel
pump bottle is sturdy
has a slight baby-powdery smell
the moisturizer comes out this mint green color
my face feels matte and has a satin feel to it.
it does kind of have a banana scent to it.
the price is right and it smells like flowers!
it does have a bit of fragrance (it's lovely!)
it is so silky
leaves skin glowing wow
this oil cleans like a dream.
it turns into that white frothy texture with a splash of water
love the scent and it lasts forever!!
this dissolves mascara beautifully
cleansing oils that work beautifully too
i find the smell of this oil pleasant
there is a fragrance but nothing too perfumed.
this floral scent is quite strong
no oily residue just beautiful soft skin.
it removes my makeup wonderfully
three, it's light cotton scent is so comforting.
it is amazing i'm of color combo skin
i like the smooth texture
i love the texture
and i love the smell, it is fresh.
the texture of this eye cream is unique
gives me protection from the sun
there is licorice to calm
jam-packed with goodness
made me look like i was glowing
i am caramel complected
there's no artificial fragrance
the entire concoction of the mask is a marvel i think
it gives me an instant glow
the kind of glow that looks like it's coming from inside out
you'll see the face bright
i slap the creamy mask on for fifteen minutes
i love how silky smooth this mask is
leaves my skin glowing
paired with the pure revival peel
my skin was so silky after applying it.
try this and get the glow!
overeat cheesecake/bread pudding/pizza/biscuits/pralines for 2 weeks
it absorbs into the skin beautifully
my skin has a subtle glow to it now
is silky once applied rather than greasy
my skin's texture looks improved
i love the matte finish
silky texture my skin has after use
wanted to give the cream a whirl
i love the texture of the cream
my dry skin loves this rich, creamy moisturizer.
i am medium/tan skinned
he is the pickiest person alive
gives you a natural dewy finish
fair/light skin tone
i am pale so the darkness made it look like i had two black eyes
it's a subtle change, very natural.
the c lemongrass oil really helped even out my complexion
i love wearing this under my foundation or mixed in for a beautiful dewy glow
the radiance drops are the best thing to boost skin's radiance
get that dewy glowy look
i would recommend it to anyone that was that glow
you can add a few drops to your liquid foundation for a more dewy/glow like look
i got the lemongrass c+ drops
makes regular foundation very luminous.
the radiance infusion drops came as a sample size in a sephora glow kit
reminds me of lemon tea
my undereyes are so radiant
one drop for my creme contour palette is enough.
they are my holy grail for making my foundation look beautiful
radiant glow without a greasy look
my favorite oil to apply before makeup it gives me the perfect glowy skin ☄
i mix the lemongrass drops with my foundation everyday to give it that nice
my skin looks glowing after i use it
it gives your skin a nice sheen/glow.
decided to go with the radiance variety
has a wonderful natural fragrance
the radiance drops are a winner in my book
the radiance drops are a great option
my skin looks like it's glowing
the little bit that i did get to use gave me a beautiful brighten complexion
i mix this to my matte foundation
it goes on beautifully on my dry skin
i love the glow they give my skin when mixed with my foundation
the smell is lovely
refreshing once it glides onto the skin
it has totally transformed my skin from a dry red mess to glowing
goes on smooth as silk
barely a hint of cucumber smell
this is the pouffy little green concoction for you
been using it with my argan oil or back to nurture gelee
super silky smooth formula that absorbs super fast
i love the matte finish
perfect for my sensitive oily complexion!
this bb cream matches my skin tone perfectly
great for cool toned skin tones
there is an innocuous color to the cream
leaves my skin feeling polished
it leaves a nice glow to my face
love the scent as well.
this creamy product is a star.
gives your face a nice glow.
the cream gives you a brightness to your face
ultimate miracle worker is rich creamy
makes my skin look luminous
and the glow it gives you is so wonderful!
my skin soft, brighter and clear likely crystal.
my skin seems more radiant
the clean scent is faint and non-irritating.
this stuff must have fairy dust in it.
very airy, creamy and luxurious.
my skin has definitely been more radiant
my dark spots are noticbly lighter
the texture is very strange
my skin is glowing
fresh scent as well
wake up with silky
i always layered another moisturizer on top.
t smells a bit astringent
make you look shiny
i love the texture of the cream
all in all i'm super happy i found a holly grail face cream
forehead are more vibrant
it has a kind of weird light scent
once it dries the skin looks lovely
mproved the texture of my skin
it gives it such a nice glow
this balm may have a strange solid gel texture
leaves it looking plump
it is a bit tacky
your skin will glow
my skin looks flawless
i love the texture of it.
it doesn't feel as creamy
love this night cream.
also smells like fresh laundry
i used this on top of the oh invigorating night gel
perfect for wearing under makeup
has a light cucumber fragrance that is refreshing
wears beautifully under makeup
i love the fresh scent of cucumbers.
does provide lovely moisturization throughout the day without irritation
i love the cucumber scent
it really smells similar to mayo with olive oil
maybe it's some sort of a olive oil/grape seed scent i'm picking up on
my makeup glides over perfectly
i look more glowy on the eyes
i love the texture as well.
skin texture surround eyes
my eyes feel refreshed and bright all day.
the cucumber not only makes it smell wonderfully fresh
the super light cucumber smell is fresh
it has a light cucumber scent
refreshing for the eyes
the scent is magnificent!
love this eye cream.
it has a herb smell which is so relaxing
fresh rose eye gel)
a lightweight silky cream texture.
i wanted the divine youth one that comes in a yellow jar
i used l'occitane divine eyes for a bit
the cream is almost rich
i love this eye balm.
it is silky and glides on, absorbing quickly.
it has a very good balance of creamy
love this eye cream.
this feels like honey whipped to a silky consistency with fresh cream
refreshing on the under eye
there is a subtle smell to it
the immortelle eye balm is perfect
which is also surprisingly giving my skin a gorgeous glow
light cream-like texture
that it has some lovely healing properties
i love the texture of this cream
it definitely is wearable during the day
i love this eye balm.
love this eye balm.
this cream produced a softer look around my eyes
i love the light non-greasy texture
i knew i needed something creamy
leaves a youthful dewy-look to skin
also leaves a fresh feeling with a hint of a tingle
which has the right richness
delicacy at the same time
the immortelle eye balm from l'occitane is a beautiful marriage of great price
i love this eye balm.
gentle around the eyes
i like its smell
sort of creamy for me
this light as a feather balm is my day-time eye cream
soothing to the eye area
slightly too strongly scented for my taste
has a beautiful glow after
it has a light scent to it
this felt so luxurious and smooth on my skin.
this feels like velvet on my skin
after using this my skin wasn't shiny like it normally is plus the smell is divine
smells like fresh herbs
it does have a grass-ish scent to it
heavily scented which i love.
the cream smells fresh
creamy that with a heavy h
it smells very earthy
great smell, feels rich, a heavenly experience.
makes your skin all dewy and youthful.
more like a thick-ish lotion
i love l'occitane's natural products
the fragrance is pleasant
makes my skin glowy
this moisturizer is creamy
makes your skin glow
immortelle precious cream is like an instant facelift
the scent is so luscious i feel like i've been walking in provence
this cream smells amazing
it leaves a nice matte finish
healthy glow to my skin
this cream is thick and buttery.
it hydrates my skin and feels so silky.
i think the scent is too overpowering.
so lush and creamy with a fantastic fragrance.
this is a beautiful cream that melts into your skin with no greasy residue
the cream has a very light fresh delightful fragrance
the texture is smooth
the scent is gentle
it has a light scent that reminds me of the old time face cream
it has a lovely, light scent.
i love that it isn't full of perfume smells
so creamy and makes my skin feel wonderful!
brighter after i apply this luxuriant cream
smell make it so pleasing to use
they call this texture "fondant"
this is a lovely cream.
velvety don't even begin to describe the texture of this amazing cream
it's a perfect weight for nighttime.
l'occitane's immortelle precious cream moisturizer is one of those delicious luxuries that is definitely worth the price
tells everyone its the secret to her lovely complexion
have very faint crows feet
precious cream is thick, but light to the touch.
this stuff is heavenly.
silky on my skin
slightly floral scent is so feminine
i normally avoid scented products
like it's the botanicals that smell
plus,it smells lovely.
blends into the skin wonderfully
make it silky smooth
the next it's sunny
i woke to glowing skin
love the light scent.
gave me a dewy softer complexion within a week
it makes your skin super silky.
this cream leaves your skin with a velvety touch.
love the velvety softness my skin feels afterwards
makes my skin just glow
although the cream is rich
i think it brightens my skin
calming, soothing, brightening, and super clean!
my face also looked radiant afterwards
it makes my skin moist and bright.
after i use it my skin is glowing
it has a wonderful smell that reminds me of lychee fruit
it turns into a nice creamy foamy scrub
it made my skin glow
the mask is so refreshing
the scent is nice and clean.
just makes my skin feel lovely
then feels very luxurious
the eyeliner was still in a perfect line
this exfoliates my face like a dream
makeup go on like silk thanks to such smooth
mostly i use it as a creamy cleanser
green clay seems to a strong contender for my all time favourites
i loved the green
green more than the pink
i love this trio of simple clay masks.
they feel very luxurious
has a healthy natural glow just like before i started wearing any makeup
it has an herbal tingly sensation
when you wash off they do become foamy/creamy which is a nice change
i love both the calming white
all of them are creamy
this face wash is great- its creamy
it makes a rich fluffy foams
my skin is glows and looks refreshed.
you need a tiny amount per use as it is so creamy
my skin looks beautiful
i love how the texture of this cleanser transforms
it is creamy and a little goes a long way!
it just feels so luxurious
it imparts a soft glow that comes from the tiny gold particles in it
my skin has never looked more luminous
you're left with plump glowing skin
its a light scent which makes you feel amazing
the texture is thin, silky and gel like.
healthy looking with a hint of luminous finish
it does spreads nicely over freshly cleansed + toned skin
when you pump this onto your fingertip it has a shimmery gold look
but leaves you looking nice, glowy and fresh.
gives such a hydrating beautiful glow
the proof is in the pudding
leaves my skin glowing
it does help brighten
it gives you a very nice glow
the iridescence makes it beautiful under make up
i've always had beautiful skin
some reviewers mention a fishy smell
it's claim is "look fabulous not frozen
hasa light pleasant scent
glowed after using 1st pad
makeup applies beautifully after.
make me skin look radiant
the scent is so relaxing
i pair it with my clarosonic cashmere brush head❤️❤️
reminds us of its roots as a fashion
i love the sweet
i think the scent is lovely.
floral scent that i liked
if you don't like floral
i found it great to mix my foundation to give me a lighter dewy look
sometimes i just open the jar to smell the delightful fragrance-very light yet stimulating
i love how it has some sparkle to it
it's a lovely day cream
i prefer to mix it with a tinted moisturizer for a little more umph in the moisture department
it makes my skin look radiant.
my skin looks beautifully luminous after applying
discontinued its creamy white day cream
this does what it says: gives you a pearly pinkish sheen
this velvety cream does what it says!
i love the youthful radiance it restores to my sometimes sleep deprived complexion
love the lotus flower ingredient
the scent is divine
giving amazing petal soft skin
is a treat for the senses giving off a luminous fresh scent
gives a slight glow to my face
the texture is so yummy and absorbs quickly
light baby powder scent.
no more cakey face with foundation
light weight the scent is amazing.
it does have a sweet / clean scent that is a little strong
the smell was very calming
it also smells divine!
this cream has an amazing scent almost citrus like
yummy scent and texture, too!
has a very subtle scent
this eye cream feels like heaven on your eyes
the scent is not "perfumy"
it does have a subtle smell like some moisturizers do
almost like the glow glow hydrating mask where you can feel it slip off when you wash your face in the morning
the first thing i loved about this cream is the smell: it smells like paradise
what it did to my skin: i glow
in combination with the lotus eye cream
the texture of my face
feels like a luxury product with the floral scent
love the scent and its not overpowering.
dewy after using this
the light herbal smell makes it perfect
worth it if you're tired of ruby red cheeks like me
it's not too fragrant, and not too foamy.
glowing my skin looked with this on
i still resemble a baby tomato
my skin is glowing
the smell is pleasant too
like a beautiful botanical medley.
it's super gentle on my skin
the scent is nice and subtle.
the results are magical
it smells a little like plastic.
my skin feels velvety smooth
helps add to my healthy glow
the smell is so clean, not fragrant.
hydrating enough to give me a radiant glowing skin
this feels so luxurious
i suppose i expected it to make my skin more radiant
this smells and feels like gold.
my skin is brighter
i get compliments on my glow regularly now.
had lost the "glow"
has given it a radiant glow in places i would normally wear highlighter
evens out my tone and texture.
leaves my skin smooth and glowing.
love the smell also.
i love the texture
it has more radiance
i wasn't sold on the texture or scent
sun marked face more even toned
radiant after just one use
it's light and the scent is light and divine.
this slathered and felt so refreshing.
the gel-cream texture is the perfect in between for intense
it seemed to make my face glow
this cream is like a tall
it glides on silky smooth and isn't oily at all.
my skin looked fresh
the scent is so light and pleasant as well.
it has a lovely subtle fragrance that doesn't linger
overall this micellar water is very luxe
my skin has never felt so velvety
i love how gentle it is on my face.
its gentle for the skin
this is a really lovely cleanser.
the smell is really lovely too
it smells really fresh
my skin has never felt so velvety
this isn't very foamy
refreshing cleanser with a great scent
it awakens my face
leaves my skin feeling soft with a radiant glow
my skin looks radiant
the scent is not overwhelming
soothing on my skin
if you are super dry like me i use the camu sleeping mask which is creamy
although quite a lovely perfume
it's the holy grail of perfect skin care.
the color is a gray clay like color
this makes my face glowy, radiant, and smooth.
the color is a little odd
the moisturizer seems like it would be super thick based on the color/texture in the jar
my glow was amazing my uneven skin specially around my jaw
this lotion has a bit of an odd texture
radiant my skin looks
the scent reminds me of old school creams
my skin looked glowy
beautiful packaging as well
the texture is very creamy
it blends in heavenly
no tackiness and wears great under makeup.
take a big whiff of some perricone products
i love the smell, moisturizes great!
light weight and smells amazing.
a beauty blender to buff in foundation
it is a creamier formula
gives you a matte finish
this moisturizer smells like donuts
my skin is sooo radiant
but this moisturizer is creamy and so gentle.
i liked the natural ingredients
it doesn't have the most pleasant scent
it's not floral-y or fruity
as a matter of factly there is a scent to it that slightly resembles doughnut cake
makes your skin dewy / supple
i love the natural
i love this cleaner!
just a little bit coats your skin with a lovely layer of moisture
it feels silky smooth
rise 'n shine looks kinda runny
just a faint scent of something very natural
it makes my face glow
add a glow to their skin
after one bottle my skin is brighter
it makes my skin glowy and radiant.
the foundation that i used is the burberry fresh glow be cream
it made my skin glow
prepares the skin beautifully for foundation application
clear oil with a faint floral scent
it sinks into skin beautifully
my skin just looks glowing
i'll be using it under my foundation everyday for natural glow
my face usually gets bright red after i wash it
the scent is a light lemony fragrance
the color of the soap is beautiful too
like silk all over my face.
pretty without being perfumey
some say it's not fragrant enough
not scented with artificial ingredients
it lathers really well into a creamy
brightens my skin without overdrying
i loved their rose hibiscus hydrating face mist
the smell is a light citrus.
the cleansing effect is gentle.
finish with their rose hibiscus face mist
it smells somewhat citrusy from the grapefruit
such a gentle cleansing bar!
rosy smell and a great lathering bath soap.
the pink color of the soap is beautiful
i almost smell a slight citrus scent too
i love this and the orchid oil from herbivore.
my skin glows with clarity
in spite of its gentleness
my skin looks brighter
it as the loveliest scent
it is lightly scented
i've enjoyed many of herbivore's beauty products
when i initially received this it had a nice subtle botanical floral/citrus smell
it smells very earthy and light.
nothing makes my skin glow quite like this oil.
also get that glow that people with perfect skin have
i feel like my face has a glow to it as well!
this lapis oil smells nice
probably with the help of that magical tansy stuff
smells like fresh tea
the smell is slightly herbally
there's a slight herbal/floral note to it
the other two herbivore oils smell much nicer
once you get past the slightly funky smell
love the packaging and scent of the product!
has an earthy fresh scent to it.
blue tansy) but seems a bit more pure.
the only thing i dislike is the scent- it smells like old potpourri to me
kind of a combo of cedar, roses & dried mint.
has such a nice glow now
my face looks refreshing
like minty tea with floral notes.
this is such a beautiful oil
leaves your skin glow-y
also my sun spots are fading!
it also leaves your skin with the most beautiful glow
the smell is pleasant and it absorbs well.
the blue tint does not show up on the skin as much as in the luna oil
the fragrance is fresh
the gorgeous glass bottle
my skin instantly glows
four stars for natural, glory healthy oil.
this is a beautiful formula.
first impressions were that the packaging was gorgeous
also smells like pine
the scent this product has really revives your senses
my skin is glowing
the packaging is grade a classy
it smells lightly of something lovely
it does have a minty chalk scent
i love that it isn't a thick cream
the rose hibiscus face mist
the packaging is beautiful
for the cold seasons i'll be using phoenix
the scent is light
oh and the natural smell of this oil is gorgeous!
this lapis oil is amazing.
i've tried the tarte maracuja oil
it is one of my favorite herbivore botanical products
herbivore's lapis oil smells amazing
i can't wait to try the orchid youth preserving oil
the clear bottle that showcases the beautiful hue of the azure oil is classic
color of the oil is beautiful
it has a pleasant yet subtle scent.
ntrigued by its beautiful blue color
not to mention their packaging is gorgeous.
it smells kind of earthy and herbal-y to me.
but it works beautifully on my skin.
the color is gorgeous.
the packaging is beautiful.
there really is beauty in simplicity
the smell is natural
the smell is divine and it soaks in amazing well.
herbivore's lapis oil is gentle
also, it smells divine.
it helps me keep my skin beautiful
this face oil has the perfect texture
it feels really luxurious
great after using the blue tansy mask.
also, the bottle is beautiful in my bathroom.
has flowery/rose fragrance
this one has slight rose scent that is pleasant
i like the smell
the scent is pleasant
i love beauty oils
the bottle is like a decoration
packaging is also beautiful
looks chic in my cabinet
nice scent that is not overpowering
it is a gorgeous product for my dry
my skin is glowing in the morning
the bottle is beautiful
its the most beautiful bottle on my bathroom counter
gives me a lovely amazing glow that is not a greasy oily look
it works beautifully under foundation
when used without make-up gives your skin a lovely healthy glow
it moisturizes and softens beautifully.
makes your skin glow
the experience of using it is so luxurious
from the chic packaging to the subtle rose smell
aside from the lovely packaging on all of the herbi products
it has a honeysuckle scent
it's so refreshing and calming.
plump and glowing to be exact.
the smell isn't as intoxicating as other herbivore products
phoenix oil is so yummy smelling
love that it makes my skin look bright
this is a very beautiful and luxurious product!
goes on silky rather than greasy
my face is glowing
it's still lovely now
the smell is heavenly
it makes my makeup look dewy
for those people like myself that like tropical floral scents
has a beautiful floral smell
i went to another site to purchase their apricot hair fragrance
it has a pleasant scent of jasmine
i find it delicious
the orchid oil smells amazing
said i smelled like jasmine tea
imparts a glow to my skin
has a lovely jasmine smell.
the bottle is lovely
the scent is divine
the delicious smell is from the oil of the flowers-
there is a bit of jasmine fragrance
my skin just glows
also adds a nice glow to my skin
the natural jasmine scent of the oil is just so
if it doesn't smell luxurious
now my skin glows!
i love that the fragrance is all natural
i love the scent of orchid.
uplifting at the same time
also gives me a dewy
i compared the orchid to the lapis facial oil
i did not like the lapis nearly as much as the orchid
the smell is gorgeous
the smell is super intense
this orchid facial oil will literally transform your skin in every way possible
i could not stop touching my face it felt very silky
the scent is beautiful and divine.
all night -- my skin appears bright
absorbs making my face glow
this is a beautiful mix is oils
this lovely oil has been a life saver for my skin
the product really moisturizes while adding a glow
orchid extract is such a beautiful ingredient for the skin
healthy/glowing in the morning
this facial oil is divine
it absorbs beautifully and smells amazing.
my skin glows with a healthy radiance
smells like your walking past a blossoming jasmine bush
this is a wonderful blend on oils.
leaves my skin feeling luxurious
such a beautiful smelling and luxurious oil.
brighten your skin like nobody's business
i definitely had a glow afterword
the smell is pleasant too.
add glow to my skin
the smell is divine
my skin looks glowy
i adore that it has actual ground citrine gemstones in the product
the scent is lovely, like fresh pineapple.
the result is a glowing skin
barely a hint of tinted moisturizer needed
it's still a beautiful smell
i also enjoy its smell
it has a mild scent
this mask definitely brightened the texture of my skin
it has a cooling/tingling sensation on the skin which is great
that promise to give you the illuminating glow
this mask gives you that instant glow
you will have beautiful
this glorious face mask feels like such a luxury
the smell is intoxicating
with a slight tingly feel that feels refreshing
my skin looks more luminous than it ever has
i like to get the brighten
nothing dramatic or otherworldly
the mask is creamy
this is a beautifully packaged
don't expect a gritty exfoliation
perfect for my oily
the smell is pungent
it's a very blue tansy scent.
it has a nice smell and is soothing.
was drawn to the beautiful packaging
citrusy/smells like if you went to an actual facialist
the smell is not the most pleasant
the scent is a little pungent/odd
my skin was glowing all day
the smell isn't super pleasant
it always gives me an instant glow
it's so soothing and refreshing.
which i oddly like
your face has an amazing healthy glow
the smell is weird
the color and texture were pleasant.
it definitely made my face glow
there's a bit of a sharpness to the scent at first
all i smell is yummy blue jello
the smell is a little weird
herbal scent which i find pleasant
it's got almost a honey-like consistency with a translucent blue colour
my skin looks soft and luminous and just amazing.
this mask smells weird
my skin simply glows
it smells like earthy dimetapp
like a fake grapey scent mixed with dirt
this is some kind of miracle concoction.
making my skin look radiant
skin was brighter, soooo smooth, and plump.
i wanted to hate this stuff because of the subtle stench
has natural fresh-faced shine
the smell is strong in the jar
i like the smell
the smell is very similar to an astringent
it turns from the vibrant cobalt to a blue green shade
i clild instantly see a more brightened complexion
kind of sharp herbal scent
but herbivore blue tansy is my favorite.
you will love herbivore's blue tansy
the smell is pretty "herby"
i owe my great skin to this beautiful blue creature
you can instantly see the glowing
the rose/coconut body polish is amazing
they all complimented how bright
am getting endless compliments on how glowing my skin is
i am truly in love with herbivore's blue tansy.
my skin is glowing
my skin is left with a bluish tint
could die happy smelling orchid every minute!!
that's coming from someone who loves heavily scented products
my skin glows afterwards
the color is blue
the smell is menthol/ floral/ green.
it was a pleasant mask to wear.
my skin feels firmer and just glows.
it goes on delicately
really loved the thick texture
dark circles or firmness though
it was just too creamy
i loved the sample i got of the farmacy eye dew total eye cream because it was so soothing
this is so gentle
my dark circles get lighter
makes the makeup apply beautifully
plus it sinks in beautifully!
the texture is creamy enough to hydrate
not so creamy that it feels heavy
love this eye cream.
you can tell its gentle.
eye dew has been a wonderful find!
i like the scent
giving your skin that extra glow
gives me a nice glow with more use
serum is very fast absorbing non fragrant which is highly valued by professional skin care wavy people
made my skin radiant
my skin is brighter
it has a nice silky texture
it has brightened my skin
crepe-y up close
it has a slight smell of witch hazel
my skin looks so dewy
it literally gave my skin a youthful glow within a few days
it has left my skin very radiant with a beautiful glow
the scent is strong
after the application it tingles
then your skin is bright
i love the scent.
my skin looks brighter firmer
sephora has plenty of sweet smelling products that smell like oranges
i do know that freshness matters
gives me a nice glow
my skin is more bright
it has completely transformed the textured
my skin is glowing
it's decadent but very natural same time.
but this one is a beauty.
it does have a funky smell
i agree that the smell is not pleasant
just makes my face glow
anything darker it's beginning to oxidize
my skin is brighter
does give me a true glow
not a illuminating sparkle or mica glow
my skin was immediately more radiant
this makes my face glow.
it has a smoky smell that lingers all day long.
smells like barbecue on my face.
my face glows and feels smooth.
my face also looks more bright all around.
it does definitely leave a shine/tackiness to the skin
the way it melts into my skin is lovely
i hardly notice the herbal-y smell.
abhorrent texture especially on my cheekbones
this serum has truly brightened my complexion
luxurious oil like consistency
gorgeous all day thanks to this amazing serum
it immediately adds a glow
have golden brown skin
the serum has a lovely light orange scent.
it definitely gives me a glow
gives it a nice glow
which was a lighter golden
it smells a little bit metallic
i can say this gives my skin the most beautiful luminous glow
beautiful looking skin or beautiful smelling skin?
mascara if i am feeling wild
candles should smell great, not facial products.
that i had a glow
was not super shiny
there is a smoky smell
it brightens my complexion
has a very sour taste
i love that extra glow it gives
feels velvety when putting it on
your skin feels ''smoothed out" instead of dewy/tacky after application
i love the fresh smell too.
it makes my face glow
supple without any greasiness or oiliness
great formula, light scent.
i love the refreshing feeling
the smell is delicious
it smells so refreshing
i like bamboo clothing and bedspread mostly.
, it feels cool, light and refreshing.
it smells amazing, very relaxing and soft.
it's cooling and amazingly light.
i love the texture of this product.
it's definitely a hybrid, gel-cream texture.
just want to have luxuriously soft skin
the scent is divine
this gel smells so fresh
an added bonus is the beautiful packing of the jar
it blurs the texture
it smells sooo fresh
feels luxuriously soft on the face
it is creamy and gentle on my combination skin.
this is perfect for asians because we love that dewy light finish
the scent is light, clean and lovely.
i enjoy the texture -- the foam is very gentle.
it is super fun to use and love the floral scent!
the skin is shining
i like the gentle feeling of this foamy cleansing cream
it has a texture of foaming cream very light me airy
plus it's fun to play with the mousse
the fragrance is quite strong, like perfume.
the scent is light and fresh, too.
this has a nice rose fragrance to it
this makes your skin so bright
it makes your skin beautiful!!!!!!
the smell ohhhhhh so pleasant
wish it wasn't perfumed.
it's worked great on tarte eyeliner
it has a pleasant smell
was expecting it to match the box description of being creamy
i found it oddly calming on the skin
its so gentle on the skin
and the mouse just feels luxurious.
this facial soap is foamy and silky soft.
creamy foam texture, cleans nicely.
it's a foam cleanser that smells floral.
this mousse is amazing
the novelty of having a face cleanser that dispenses like mousse is a nice bonus to a great product
i love the rose scent
as a morning cleanser, it's perfect.
it's gentle and has a light and pleasant scent.
it is gentle on the skin
has a nice light smell
skin feels refreshed and looks glowing and clear.
it's fun to use and feels so luxurious.
the foam is light, fluffy and creamy.
the mousse is amazing.
fresh scent whipped into this mousse consistency
this is a lovely example.
this masks leaves my face glowing
the foam was fun to apply, pleasant slight scent.
left my skin bright and smooth.
told me i was radiant
this is beautiful for everyday use
leaves my skin glowing
when i use this everyday my skin is more radiant
the scent is divine.
i am particularly attracted to the exquisite smell of this product
your skin feels velvety after application
my skin looks plumper
i love the smell of this one too- really earthy!
amazing for plumpnss and sculpts my cheekbones.
love this eye balm!
the texture is light, pleasant, and soft.
it instantly revitalized my lips
is now almost symmetrical with the left
this is not as rich in texture as the cru
the texture of this eye crème is so very nice
the texture is perfect
it isn't magical with wrinkles
under my eyes it appears lighter/brighter giving me a more vibrant
goes on velvet like
also relaxing the fine lines
so my skin is darker
this will make your face glow!
brightens tour darks spots!
my skin is brighter
i look far more youthful and polished.
otherwise this makes my skin glow
in hopes of fading some sun spots
i glow so much while i'm using it.
it has a distinctly murad smell like all their products
i even have a glow.
my skin is radiant.
it's gentle for my skin
ole hendrickson invigorating night treatment the next
the gentle scrub like texture leaves me skin smooth
created a bumpy like texture
the formula is creamy
a deep clean that is gentle
after cleansing, your skin is smooth and bright!
my skin seems to glow all day
my skin looks glowing
it creates a beautiful base for the rest of my skin care products
your skin is radiant.
my skin glows after using it
it has left my combination skin glowing
it's gentle on the skin
make my skin look brighter
my skin always looked lifeless
it brightens my skin
my complexion is smooth
i found it to be too "grainy"
it was literally glowing
i love the lack of scent
i hope they add mint or citrus to it to help with the smell
it leaves my skin silky and pores super refined.
this product leaves my skin radiant
it works beautifully as a first cleanse
it's so pleasant to use: glides on effortlessly
leaves my skin feeling so lovely
this cleansing oil has an amazing texture
the smell of sweet almond is so relaxing
this cleanser is gentle
t's gentle on my skin
the scent is lovely
love this beautiful cleanser
the sweet almond oil smells wonderful
very faint, lightly sweet smell.
smells like almond oil
the bottle is beautiful too.
a lovely smell is what defines this cleaner
i love the subtle herbal fragrance
never found a mousse formula i particularly liked
this gentle face cleansing foam is one of my favorites
i love love love how relaxing this product smells
it also smelling amazing
murad products have beautifully changed my skin
i like the cooling/minty feeling
evening out skin texture
it feels heavenly when you're applying it on your face
my skin was glowing
it has an amazing tingly sensation that's so refreshing
my skin is much brighter & glowing!
this one leaves the most uniquely tingly
love the menthol feeling it gives
my face looks brighter
makes evening cleanses fun
the smell is also quite pleasant.
citrus in the ingredients that smell
i am instantly radiant
fine lines filled and plumped.
my skin looks radiant
it absorbs beautifully with no residue.
the balm felt silky
herbivore moon fruit mask
more porcelain finish skin
then i go in with the tranquility balm
this cleansing balm has a nice mild chocolate orange scent
blue moon provides gentle exfoliation
leaving silky smooth skin
it's so creamy and not so oily.
the texture is perfect.
it is a bit of an indulgence
it has a hint of fruity smell that is nice
this is literally like a little spa in a jar :-
also makes my face glow
i love the bubblegum smell
leaves my skin silky smooth.
it was a pleasant surprise and i love it.
i don't mind earthy/natural etc but... nope!
the small sugary- like texture doesn't irritate my sensitive
the smell is so subtle.
i noticed my skin feeling glowy
it smells like a delicious doughnut.
i enjoy the clean, soft fragrance of this balm.
it is a very pale blue in color
this cleansing balm is lovely
this is a beautiful cleanser that cleans your face while also anti aging
this is 3 in one cleansing balm that cleanses beautifully
its natural and smells amazing.
after i use this product my skin glows
daily routine: glossier skin tint
it starts almost as a fluffy paste
it delivered a soothing aromatic cleansing experience
it's one of the highlights of my nighttime routine: gentle yet cleansing
while this is very luxurious
has a refreshing clean scent
melts into a heavenly balm that was soothing
it made my eyes feel gritty
i love the color and smell.
overall, the balm experience is very luxurious.
the color from blue tansy
scent lends to a very spa-like feel to it
glam glow is my favorite face mask br
to echo others, this is a sublime cleanser.
i switched to blue moon
the duos do wonderful for my sun spots
comes the blue moon cleansing balm
there is a little tiny gritty from the sugar that exfoliates so nicely
ceramic slip or charisma creme
i looked smooth and fresh after.
makes my nighttime routine feel luxurious.
it smells like mint-chocolate-chip
the texture is super light
my face looked more dewy
also smells a bit floral/perfumed
sort of like a whiff of a passerby with nice perfume
leaves me matte and my makeup looks flawless.
skin appears visibly toned and plumped.
love this product makes my skin glow
gives my 66 year old skin a fresh youthful glow
it seems like it gives me an airbrushed flawless finish
no harsh scents, perfect for a sensitive skin.
it's a really lovely moisturizer
it has a very subtle scent
this is so creamy
leaves my skin literally glowing
this creamy cleanser is gentle on my rosacea
great for mature complexions.
the scent is light
very pleasant with no hint of "crisco"
this feels like luxury in a jar
not floral like marc jacobs' honey perfume
it is creamy, feels nice and smells good.
it makes your skin feel like silk
it made my skin glow
this is really luxurious
tery balm has a slight iridescent gold sheen to it -- it's not glittery on the face
it's name is perfect because it is a luxurious
it makes my skin look so bright
her skin looks bright and clear.
it's so creamy and luxurious feeling.
my skin tone looks glowing after 3 weeks of use.
this is wonderfully lavish
while using it isn't luxurious
the gold color is beautiful.
it has a nice light scent that smells divine!!
the silky feel of the sponge
will definitely repurchase this lovely creamy wash
gold leave the skin with the most beautiful
it was so creamy
this is an amazing luxurious cleanser.
it smells nice and very glamorous.
it works wonderfully with the nuface microcurrent
really left my skin glowing!
the best is the smell, very pampering.
is beautiful under makeup
this product has made my skin radiant
the smell is so fresh
it was gentle and i liked the texture.
it's also perfect for a morning cleanse
it feels like silk putting it on your skin.
love the texture to its like a jelly silk that glides on the skin
it made my skin glow
the consistency is unique like a mousse/ jelly.
in the morning my face was dewy
glowing in the morning
the texture was a bit like jello at first
the texture of this product is light
glides on like a dream
the smell is light
the product itself has a light fresh scent
smooth my complexion looks
it's so silky and smells wonderful.
it also has such a gentle scent
it's slightly tacky at first
in the morning my skin was glowing
the cream is light pink with a very light
leaves my skin glowing.
it has a light scent
the smell was nice and light, very pleasant.
light pink in color with no strong smell.
i love the texture
my skin glows all day long
my skin was glowing, tighter and brighter.
the texture is so light
