makes my skin feel so fresh
the soap lathers just perfectly enough
my skin always feels clean
it has a great lather so you feel like your skin is clean
thoroughly clean my skin without stripping it
kept my under eye area hydrated
leaves me feeling/looking hydrated.
my face has never looked cleaner and more supple.
i wish it was a little more hydrating because my skin is super dry
it feels very soothing on my skin.
you feel the hydration
try to keep my skin well hydrated
my skin has not looked this healthy in a while
really hydrated my face
i found it to be a nice moisturizer for under my makeup
made my skin so hydrated but not oily
it seems to really keep the skin around the eyes super hydrated
it moisturizers very nicely
it is a very thick cream
it seriously makes my skin feel like silk.
as soon as i smoothed this on my face it instantly felt more moisturized
my skin has never felt so hydrated
it feels so smooth
his skin stays moisturized for about 2-3 days straight
it definitely helps my face becomes moisturized in the morning
second it's very hydrating without being too thick
my skin is smooth and supple.
it was instantly hydrated
it left my skin moisturized all day without the greasy feel
it makes your skin supple
it makes the skin feel moisturized
my skin feels tight
my skin looked healthy no makeup needed thank you tatcha
i feel like it fully absorbs into my skin
my skin feels so smooth
they would hydrate my skin for a little bit
this does nicely moisturize under the eye
i wake up the hydrated
smooth skin every morning
my skin felt firmer instantly
my skin felt very smooth
refreshed after using this mask
leaves my skin feeling tight
it made my skin feel so clean & healthy glow .
my skin feels so hydrated
makes my skin feel super smooth after it's washed off
my face feels very moisturized
my skin was very smooth and tight afterward.
poreless my skin looks after
i also did notice that i had a nice supple
this made my skin look so supple
my skin was so moisturized
still my makeup looks flawless
my skin felt smooth
it left my skin feeling smooth
i do feel that it makes your skin look plumper
it does leave your skin feeling firmer
it ultimately made my skin hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
it makes my skin look hydrated
your skin is firmer
my skin looks smooth
makes my skin look smooth
i found it very calming on my rosacea
this help to give me some hydration
this has done a great job keeping me hydrated
works very well to keep my skin feeling hydrated
my skin feels so hydrated every time
simple this makes my skin feel
leaves it feeling hydrated with no residue left behind
my skin has never looked more hydrated
it's light and very hydrating, great for summer!
makes my skin smooth
hydrated it after just a couple applications
it's a gel that is very soothing on application.
it moisturizes quite nicely
feel super hydrated in the morning
my skin is much smoother and my makeup glides on.
leaves my skin feeling hydrated and plump.
makes my skin feel generally healthy
it dries very matte, so it perfect under make-up.
quick absorbing which is perfect for my oily skin
it's very calming and hydrating.
has everything you need for hydration
leaves my skin so moisturized without being to thick
after every use my skin feels refreshed
it was one of the few products that kept my skin hydrated
more hydrated after using it
my skin is soft that it has ever been plus my skin looks hydrated all day
it keeps my skin hydrated
it is vey hydrating
it keeps my face moist
my skin feels hydrated
i've got super dry skin that breaks out in acne if not properly hydrated
it is smooth, plumped up and healthy.
it looks like water and is really hydrating.
it is very hydrating
my skin stays hydrated all day
it layers very well with my sunblock
this gel is very light in texture
it makes my skin feel quenched
paired with fab ultra repair moisturizer my skin feels amazing
i feel like my skin is smoother
definitely helps with my dehydrated skin
it was still hydrated
it gives that extra umph in hydration
it isn't hydrating enough.
my skin felt like a newborns skin
my concealer applies sooo nicely
my skin does feel super smooth
it is very gentle on my super dry skin
my face is so smooth
it has a very rich lather
feels smooth all over
it's instantly moisturized my skin!
my skin is now healthy and normal!
i can feel how nourishing it has been to my skin.
this bar helps calm
keeping the skin fairly calm
leaves the skin feeling clean
left my skin feeling smooth and clean.
i feel it helps my skin stay hydrated throughout the day
but it's more like a hydrating primer.
smoother skin and a firmer look.
i am very happy with the contoured effect it gives
also hydrated my skin so well without making it oilier
my skin is smoother
my face feels so smooth
my skin feels super moisturized afterwards
my skin looks refreshed after applying
soothes my skin giving me the hydration i need
the ball really helps with the puffiness
puffiness because my life keeps me so busy
it wears nicely under makeup
not only is it super hydrating
helps my concealer go on smoothly!
makes me look incredibly awake even when i'm running on 5 hours of sleep
it is light, hydrating, and absorbs very quickly.
it makes the concealers go on smooth
hydrate my under eye area
this eye cream works so well.
i like it because it moisturizes the area pretty well
it helps keep my eye area moisturized
this is a very hydrating cream.
all you need is a little dab because it does moisturize the area pretty well
its so incredibly hydrating to the under eyes.
play nicely with concealer
wake up with a perfectly hydrated base for my makeup
don't sleep very well
i enjoy how it has a gel consistency
it's very hydrating and a little goes a long way!
this product works beautifully to moisturize the skin under my eyes
this product makes me look awake
leaves your under eye area feeling refreshed
sometimes little bit tingly
i think this helps to smooth some of that dehydration out
really smoothed the skin
it hydrates my eyes so well
cooling, and feels nice on the skin.
helps me look refreshed!
primes my under eyes perfectly
it helps a lot with puffiness
my undereye area feels so much hydrated
moisturizes without feeling greasy
really deep cleans and is also quite gentle.
i feel is penetrating in my skin
makes my eyes feel awake
moisturizes the skin perfectly
it wasn't hydrating enough for the winter
my face gets pretty oily
feels like it lasts
it really helps to hydrate my skin to a more youthful look
murad perfecting day cream spf 30 hydrates my skin without making it feel greasy
i soaks up fast, so my makeup goes on smooth.
i really feel that this cream has kept my skin protected from damaging daily sun rays
it keeps my skin hydrated and soft all day.
this cream wears well under makeup
i get compliments all the time of how fresh my skin looks
this is a great combo cream/sun protection if your skin is not sensitive
my face feels very moisturized
however, it wasn't as hydrating as desired.
hydrating without being greasy
it is hydrating as well
my skin looks and feels very smooth.
i feel protected with the spf 30
hydrating with a great clean smell
it absorbs quickly but keeps my skin hydrated.
my skin feels smooth, relieved and protected.
it really helps my dry facial skin to stay moisturized
it offers good hydration without being greasy
i wake up with fully hydrated skin that is plump
my face feels very soft and hydrated.
makes my skin feel smooth.
i wake up with bright, healthy looking skin.
my face feels smooth
perfecting night cream really seems to penetrate into my skin leaving it feeling smooth
this procuct hydrates plus makes my skin look refreshed when i put it on at night
i wake up in the morning and still look hydrated.
i love how smooth my skin is
makes my skin hydrated & soft.
your sking will feel completely moisturized
still penetrates the skin really well without being greasy
the skin was smoother
i can just pop it on whenever to feel refreshed
my under eye area felt moisturized
it deeply hydrated the delicate skin around my eyes
my skin felt smooth
my skin feels rejuvenated in the morning.
my skin is smooth
my skin feels baby smooth
this product made my skin texture smooth
it definitely made my skin plumper around my cheeks
my skin looks tired
my skin looks smooth
keeps my skin looking
this mask plumps my skin so that it looks smoother
the scarring completely plumps up to be flush with my healthy skin
it leaves my skin hydrated
it makes your skin more plump
my face feels so tight, glowing skin care.
it gives skin a little tingle feeling after use
it's been keeping my skin pretty hydrated
hydrated my dry skin to smoothness
plumps my skin instantly with its lightweight gel like texture
it moisturizes really well
it moisturizes my face really well
i feel moisturizer when i wake up.
while this is a thicker night cream it feels super comfortable
skin feels dewy after putting it on
now it is healthy
it absorbs very well and feels silky smooth.
it makes my skin look flawless.
every time i use it my skin instantly feels more supple
i find that this keeps me pretty well moisturized through the day
i noticed my skin was brighter and more supple.
i will say my skin is more hydrated
rich-feeling kind of moisture
this moisturizer definitely makes my skin feel
dry to keep anything moisturized
my skin is drinking this product in like a thirsty maniac
very hydrating for my dry, sensitive skin.
moisturized without being too oily
creamy texture has firmed my lid making my eye makeup look so much better
my face is smooth!
i already notice my skin is more hydrated
it hydrated my skin
my face looks very healthy
the skin there is now smooth
i feel like it's a very gentle retinol
my skin is very glowy
made my cheeks feel firm
it's a very gentle retinol but i do see results.
it really absorbs into your skin
winter, workouts, etc... this mask is amazing.
this is a wipe off mask that is exceptionally hydrating
it really helps clean out pores
my skin looks so healthy!
i can visibly feel
my skin feels so clean after
although it does feel it exfoliates the skin with just a small amount
the texture of this product is so smooth
it gives me that super clean feeling without giving me that tight/dry feeling
that keeps my pores clean
like i said my pores stay clean
plus it leaves my skin smooth
makes me feel refreshed instantly
leaves my skin smooth and fresh.
leaves my skin super refreshed and clean.
it makes my skin feel so clean and fresh.
my skin feels so clean
i feel like my skin is smoother
i would just use a super moisturizing night cream after to help calm my skin down now i don't have any need for that extra heavy step that my oily skin hates
my skin feels clean and freshed after use.
it leaves my skin smooth, not irritated.
this leaves me feeling so clean
definitely has my skin brighter and refreshed.
it cleanses my face so well
the skin on my face feels smooth
leaves your face feeling refreshed
my skin feels so clean
this gets my face super clean
cleaned my skin well
scent is not overpowerful and clean.
removes all impurities so my skin honestly feels soft to touch
my oily/combo skin is more balanced
i feel like my skin keeps a good balance with this cleanser
my face doesn't feel tight after rinsing
the oily parts of my skin also feel very clean
how it leaves your face feeling thoroughly clean after use
leaves it feeling pretty natural
this cleanser lathers really nicely
it leaves you feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
my face feels so smooth after washing it.
it really lathers up.
it makes my skin feel so smooth without all of the abrasive scrub exfoliants in it
when i rinse my skin feels smooth
it did help my skin to feel clean
leaves my skin feeling super clean
my skin did feel clean
makes my skin hydrated and clear.
it definitely cleans out the pores
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves my face smooth
this leaves my face feeling clean
cleans the skin nicely
it works up a nice lather
it made my face feel smooth
the texture is softer and feels healthier.
this is very easy to rinse off without taking any natural skin oils out of your skin
it was actually scrubbed pretty clean
this cleanser helps my skin clear up
leaves a very clean, semi-tight feeling on skin.
it makes my skin feel clean without feeling stripped
makes me feel super clean
keeps my face matte all day
this keeps my skin clear
also hydrate my skin it foams up really nicely so a great cleaner to use with a clarisonic
keeps my skin feeling fresh
hydrated it makes my skin feel
i always moisturizes after
leaves my skin feeling revitalised
i feel tired to use normal cream to reduce fine wrinkles
have always struggled to find a moisturizer that will hydrate without leaving a greasy feel or making me break out
from the first application my skin felt hydrated.
dries nicely with the skin
it leaves me so refreshed
this did just the trick to keeping my skin hydrated
it does an excellent job keeping my skin hydrated
keeps my face moisturized all day without making me look greasy or shiny
this cream makes my skin look super refreshed
it hydrates my skin so well without looking greasy
my skin is so soft and very hydrated.
i find that this cream sink in very nicely in my skin
this product makes my skin feel so quenched
yet leaves the skin feeling exceptionally hydrated
this works perfectly in providing enough moisture with breaking me out
it makes my skin very smooth
never thought i'd need to put much moisture on my face until my facialist told me i needed to be nourishing it more with some oils
i look extremely refreshed when i wake up
ter instantly hydrated my skin as well as helping clear up annoying break outs that wouldn't heal
i love this because it's very hydrating
find i wake up with skin moisturized enough to be prepped for foundation
i also find my skin is more moisturized
have noticed that my skin looks very hydrated
it leaves my skin so soft and hydrated.
i realized that what i had been missing in my moisturizers was the supple feeling on my skin
this moisturizer so lightweight i feel like it sinks right into my skin
it instantly moisturized my combo skin.
my skin is looking soooo healthy
i needed something that would adequately moisturize my skin while making my foundation look flawless
very hydrating and rich formula.
my skin feels hydrated without any heaviness of oil
my skin has completely heeled and clear.
it hydrates well, but still feels light.
love how hydrated my face feels all day.
the cream is very thick
calming cream that works perfectly during the summer
it absorbs into my skin quite nicely
no patchiness because my skin is so hydrated
my skin feels so hydrated
i definitely feel that my skin is more hydrated since using it
this hydrates my face perfectly
my skin has a more youthful look
it moisturizes my skin perfectly
this balances my skin so well it brightens
clears so well for me it almost feels healing for me the honey is just so nice it is a very gentle exfoliate
my skin is more hydrated
felt i needed something a little creamer as i started mixing the oils with my spf
keeps my skin looking fresh
which is normal when my skin is very dehydrated
after i used it i really like it， non greasy hydrated my skin very well
you wake up with a hydrated
this sure moisturizes 4 star because the scent is too much
it feels very refreshing and cool.
2, the exfoliation feels really good.
my skin looks and feels flawless
it just leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaves it so clean
leaves skin feeling healthy
this never fails to make it feel hydrated
your face will feel smooth
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed and polished.
once you moisturize it feels amazing
my skin feels smooth an moisturized.
my skin feels like a baby's bottom
leaves my skin feeling unbelievably supple
it is so gentle but exfoliates very well.
your skin looks young
makes my skin feel smooth
exfoliates perfectly while leaving my skin smooth
leaves my skin smooth
polished the skin well
my skin looks and feels so smooth after i use it.
it exfoliates very well
it keeps your skin supple though.
my skin is smooth
really needed to moisturize afterwards
this is definitely sugar your body needs!
acne prone skin that has a decent amount of texture
it leaves my skin feeling so smooth
my skin feels so smooth
leaves the skin feeling smooth and moisturized.
it leaves your skin feeling so smooth
my skin felt so smooth and clean.
make my skin feel refreshed & smells amazing!
it really does leave your skin feeling refreshed
it is really thick
my lips felt so smooth too
the scrub is really gentle on the skin
my skin is smoother
leaves your face so smooth
skin feels so smooth
my skin was so smooth
skin feels polished and refreshed.
leaves my skin feeling smooth
it leaves my skin feeling really fresh
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
leaving my skin hydrated
this product paired with the clarisonic makes my skin feel so refreshed
it makes your skin feel refreshed
cleanses everything without my skin feeling stripped
milky formula that makes your skin feel moisturized
it's the perfect formula where it's not overly moisturizing leaving your face feeling greasy
really helped with my oiliness after a week-week
leaves me feeling clean
clean my skin felt afterwards
which leaves my face feeling smooth
i feel like my skin is clean
found that it really cleanses my skin better
leaves skin smooth not tight!
it feels like it cleans
it leaves my face feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling clean, refreshed not dry
good cleanser thats gentle
making my skin feel clean
it left my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
tone my very oily skin in one step as it promises
my skin feels so fresh
leaves skin feeling refreshed
it cleans and refreshes my skin.
takes off make-up and keeps my skin moist.
leaves it feeling refreshed
makes my sensitive skin feel clean and smooth.
my pores were clean and flawless.
calm my acne while balancing my skin
my skin has been smooth, hydrated, and healthy!
my skin feels so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it feels like a deep clean
my face feels clean
it left my skin feeling refreshed
i love to feel a fresh face
my skin feels so refreshed after
my skin felt so smooth after using this!
after using it my skin feels so clean
didnt make my skin feel super tight
this mask makes my skin feel very clean
it makes my skin look so healthy!
after applying it my skin feels so smooth
make my face feel baby smooth after
my skin feels super de-congested
it also left my skin nice and clean feeling.
smooth skin after i use it
hydrated for up to 3 days
my skin feels perfectly balanced after each use.
it definitely cleans out my pores
made my skin feel bouncy
rejuvenates your skin within 7-10 days
i think it is clean
my skin stays hydrated almost the entire day
it hydrates my skin so well
this makes me look so well rested
wears well on the skin
it hydrates my skin pretty well
leaves skin soft and nourished.
feels like my face is a smooth canvas
lightweight, doesn't make my skin feel oily.
hydrated it leaves my skin
after 2 days my skin felt so smooth
my skin looks firmer
it soaks in nicely
keeps it moisturized all day
your skin absorbs with still keeping it moisturized
my skin feels firm without feeling tight
this made my skin so refreshed
this really has help with my dry skin i wake up every morning with smooth hydrated skin
my skin has a healthy
my skin feels smooth & hydrated.
this is doing wonders on evening out my skin tone/texture
it makes your skin feel so smooth
my skin looked so healthy
my skin looks healthy
skin is very hydrated
it is very hydrating
makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin feels smooth
my skin is hydrated
my skin is smooth
skin is left hydrated
my skin is smoother
your skin needs it.
keeps my lips hydrated all for a cheap price--- 10/10 recommend
when i wake up i still have hydrated skin
it keeps my skin hydrated
is awesome for hydrating cuticles
this provided amazing relief for my winter chapped lips
leaves my skin feeling super smooth
my skin looked hydrated and radiant all day!
it is good to use in a pinch for hydration
even layer leaves my skin hydrated
wake up with smooth hydrated skin
works really well for hydrating dry, winter skin.
wake up with smooth moisturized skin
my skin is wonderfully moisturizer in the morning
leaves my skin feeling moist
my skin felt a bit more dewy
it keeps my skin hydrated
moisturized skin with only a little shine
it noticeably hydrated it
moisturized throughout the day without greasy feeling
prefer to use on legs, elbows, love the feel
leaves my skin smoother
hydrated the next morning
find that when i wake up in the morning my skin feels moisturized
love waking up to fresh, healthy looking skin.
i do love it make my skin feels hydrated
my face feels so smooth
it's super hydrating for the harsh
leaves my skin feeling baby smooth
keeps my skin hydrated until i can properly wash
it is very hydrating
travel friendly you might wish to check out the milk makeup hydrating oil stick
this is a cool product.
this made my dry skin nice and hydrated.
this really hydrates your skin
both work well for hydration
my lids aren't super smooth
that has all changed thanks this hydrating stick
the skin on my face will feel tight
instantly made me feel super moisturized
it is very hydrating
the oil itself is very hydrating
easy fix for dehydrated skin
so my skin feels irritated
it keeps my face super moisturized
this was good for hydrating
it really cools down the skin
makes you feel refreshed
this makes your skin feel so cool
it leaves my face fresh/moisturized
very soothing moisturizer works really well if placed in the refrigerator before use
it really keeps your face very hydrated.
it made my skin feel so smooth
made me feel refreshed
it made my skin feel a bit sticky afterwards
it leaves my skin hydrated without feeling tacky.
i feel so refreshed
it made my skin look more supple
made skin feel tighter
it was surprisingly hydrating
it definitely cools my skin
my skin does get very dehydrated so when i applied this during the day my skin felt so refreshed
makes my skin look refreshed
this product is neat because it gives your face hydration however
this is perfect for relieving the soreness of my skin
it helps calm the hyper pigmentation in your skin
it is cool on the skin
makes my skin feel super hydrated
it's very cooling and refreshing.
that's made the cooling water feel amazing
make me feel more awake
her makeup today is so smooth!
she said she loves how moisturized her skin who usually has dry skin
she said her skin is supple and less wrinkly.
makes your skin feel hydrated
grippy which is good so the makeup can stick to me face
my makeup looked super flawless
it also keeps it well moisturized throughout the day
lightweight feel of this moisturizer
this product feels so smooth & light on my face.
it is a light feeling cream that keeps my skin moisturized all day without oiliness
my skin wasn't reacting well to my normal murad moisturizer
i get very oily throughout the day
it makes my skin feel so smooth!
this moisturizer is amazing--it keeps my skin clear
my skin stays matte the whole day
it's also lightweight and evens out my skin tone.
my skin is super oily and this works well for me.
it really helps when my pores get congested
i find it works nicely at calming my skin after an at home peel pad
it is so lightweight, it just melts into my skin.
my skin feels moisturized without the caked on feeling a lot of moisturizers have
i feel my skin is more evenly toned
makes my skin feel fresh
my skin feels smoother
it keeps me face hydrated without the feeling of too much oiliness that i would feel with other moisturizers
this perfectly balances my skin
haha looking very rough with adult acne.
this moisturizer really improved my oily skin
overall it made my skin very fresh looking
hydrated all day long
i love the texture and how my skin feels after
hydrating enough to protect my dry/combination skin
keeps you hydrated without making you a grease ball
it keeps my skin moisturized without leaving it feeling oily
it glides on smoothly not making you feel greasy
my skin looks healthy
it moisturizes really well
it keeps my skin from feeling that greasy feeling
nice lightweight face lotion
feeling my cheeks tight
this is a really lightweight lotion
also very hydrating wtihout feeling like a "moisturizer" does on problematic skin
it is very clean
provides a very natural finish
healthy like this clogs my pores
line minimizing hydrator leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this stuff really helped me stay hydrated without clogging pores
it hydrates really well
it definetely helps calm down skin irritation caused by acne
smooth it kept my skin
this moisturizer works pretty well under makeup if you give it about 10 minutes to fully absorb
i like the feel of this cleanser
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
the spray feels cool on my skin
now my skin is left hydrated
my skin looks healthier
has made it so much more spreadable
it kept my skin hydrated.
my skin has been dehydrated
my skin feel fresher after :
it really plumps your skin.
it really helps to prep skin for hydrating masks
it was hydrated, smooth and plump.
also leaving it feeling super hydrated afterwards
it cleanses really well
you can feel the deep clean
still leaves your skin feeling hydrated afterwards
please make the bottle more sturdy!!
it lathers really nicely
it leaves my face feeling clean.
it is a good cleanser that makes my skin feel genuinely clean after
this cleanser is so gentle
my skin feels so refreshed after i use it
it also leaves my skin feeling tight
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling so fresh
makes my face feel so refreshed
this cleanser leaves me skin more smooth
you can feel the natural ingredients
you can feel your skin being cleaned inside of your pores
it foams up so nicely when i massage it into my skin then when i rinse it it leaves my face feeling 100% clean
leaves my skin feeling so clean
you can feel your skin being cleaned!
my face feels soft, refreshed, and clean.
my face felt more hydrated
after i used the tarte h20 cream which hydrated nicely
it really leaves my skin smooth
this leaves your skin so smooth!
cotton ball is always clean.
made my skin feel healthy and fresh
leaves my face smooth
i feel so refreshed i recommend for sure
your face will feel very clean
i stay matte all day.
my skin is brighter and has appears "calm".
leaves me feeling clean
it only takes one pump of cleanser to throughly clean my face
that has made my skin feel as clean
so gentle and leaves skin feeling clean
leaving my skin feeling so refreshed afterwards with no oily residue on my face or h
this oil feels so soothing on my skin.
it emulsifies with bit of warm water
leaves it feeling nourished
so relaxing and doesn't feel too oily.
left my skin feeling clean
leaves my oily skin feeling nice and clean!
this product does create a very thick foam
my skin does feel clean
it keeps my oily skin at bay for quite some time
i love the clean feel of this cleanser
it lathers up nicely
cleans my skin very well.
it felt great to apply some moisturizes after my skin being so clean
it leaves my skin clean
my skin felt somewhat moist after cleansing with this product
+ my skin felt clean
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
this wash comes off very clean
it is a really cool gel that turns into a foam cleanser
it leaves my face feeling refreshed
i like to use this cleanser with my clarisonic because i feel like it exfoliates my skin
feels gentle enough to use every day
it's a very lightweight gel-textured cream
feels really lightweight/clean
i can tell that my skin is moisturized more
light weight yet moist enought.
keeps us hydrated so we produce less oil throughout the day/night
it helps keep me hydrated without irritation
it keeps my skin moisturized well
it feels nicely hydrated and moisturized.
my skin feels perfectly moisturizers
leaves my skin feeling and looking moisturized.
this cream kept me hydrated
leaves a very hydrated skin surface
i feel like my skin is able to breathe while being moisturized
my face feels super moisturized even though it's lightweight
the lotion is pretty thick
it melts into my skin nicely
helps keep my hydrated due to face medicine
very comfortable n smoothly!
keep me well hydrated overnight
it keeps me moisturized for very long time
ter which is very soothing for my sensistive skin
my skin is moisturized during these cold days.
to those with extremely dry skin that need a little pampering indulgence
it has a very fresh/clean scent
after the first use my skin was hydrated
leaves your skin feeling perfectly hydrated
gives me a healthy look
hydrated without being greasy
makes my face feels smooth
makes my skin look
my skin feels as smooth as a baby's bottom.
leaves it super smooth
it actually leaves my skin wonderfully balanced.
i don't feel greasy, just refreshed and hydrated!
my skin is moisturized
it keeps me completely hydrated
made my skin much more supple
moisturized in no time
especially a thicker night cream
not only did my face stay hydrated
this oil makes my face so dewy
my skin becomes so supple
very light, good for oily skin.
not only did my skin feel supple
my face feels instantly moisturized
it keeps my skin moisturized
it evens my skin tone
moisturized without being heavy like other oils tend to do
hydrated it's just great
feeling hydrated all day
my face glows and looks so healthy.
it turned my skin into supple
it makes my skin very supple
smoother my skin looks
i make sure to cleanse well
step 1 feels so smooth and hydrating.
it does what it says it will you get hydration for the delicate under eye
i looked younger instantly as my skin was properly hydrated
it keeps your skin hydrated all day
had a fresh feel to it
made my skin feel hydrated
leaves my skin so moisturized
feels so lightweight on the skin
my skin is now always hydrated
it just feels so hydrated after using this
gives me the perfect amount of hydration for my skin
not only does it keep my skin hydrated
it hydrates my skin so much
i feel like this gel moisturizer still gives my skin the perfect amount of hydration for daytime wear
my skin feels very hydrated after i use this
it did make my skin feel immediately supple
keeps it hydrated all day
this moisturizer has a nice lightweight gel consistency which i love
my skin felt like a baby's
it adds so much hydration to my skin
it feels so hydrating
leaves my slin feeling smooth and hydrated.
i leaves my skin glowing and moisturized.
has really hydrated my skin
i don't feel overly moisturized when i wear this
i don't feel dehydrated either
i find it gives my normal skin lasting hydration.
moisturized when i woke up
my skin get the hydration it needs without being heavy
it feels so refreshing and cool.
hydrated after only one use this morning
this moisturizer definitely keeps my skin hydrated
that it feels cool on my skin
leave skin feeling a bit tight
it feels like your skin dranked a cup of water
cleans my skin so well
i give it 4 stars because i have to reapply it to feel fully moisturized
my skin absorbs it like water
my skin feels tighter
one of my go to moisturizers especially if i'm feeling dehydrated
makes the skin look
after using it once my skin felt so hydrated
neck feel super hydrated
this moisturizer makes my skin feel amazing.
feels soothing on the skin
absorbs into my skin quickly leaving my face very hydrated
it's so hydrating but light weight.
yet it moisturizes so well
it leaves my face so smooth
leaves my skin feeling plump
my skin is hydrated
this made my skin smooth and feeling hydrated.
this is one of the only things that makes my skin feel naturally hydrated
my skin feels so balanced
nor does my skin feel dehydrated
felt thirsty without it
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated without being sticky
it keeps me feeling moisturized all day
know that it definitely works to keep my skin moisturized
my skin is so smooth
keeps it really hydrated
leaves skin feeling soft and hydrated.
love using this in the winter months to keep my skin hydrated before i moisturize
leaves skin feeling super soft and hydrated!
natural ingredients make me love it more
it feels like luxurious hydration that totally sinks in
feels soothing on the skin
fresh's cleansing oil leaves my skin feeling nourished
leaves my skin smooth
leaves my skin feeling so refreshed
let it sit for a few minutes before rinsing to help my skin stay even more moisturized
made my skin soft & hydrated, but not oily .
each morning my skin is smooth
i find it to be quite relaxing
more hydrated since i started using this
my cheeks seem to be more hydrated
my face felt smooth
it leaves your skin feeling soft and hydrated.
it feels wonderfully cool on the skin
it leaves my skin feeling effortlessly hydrated
this cream is very nourishing
power cream leaves my skin well-hydrated
the feel of my skin is smooth and supple.
it's a thick moisturizing which leaves my skin feeling quenched even well into the next day
look so refreshed in the morning
within the first day i felt like my skin was fully moisturized
it makes my skin smoother
very moisturized once it absorbed
it had a good, hydrating effect.
it left my skin feeling hydrated
i love the feel of this moisturizer
my skin is fully moisturized through the entire day
feel the change in the moisture level of my skin
it left my skin feeling smooth afterwards.
moisturizing quality to it that makes my skin feel instantly refreshed
it is light yet perfect hydrating
my skin is looks and feel healthier.
it leaves the perfect amount of moisture while not feeling greasy
moisturizing quality to it that leaves my skin feel instantly refreshed
the texture is so hydrating
i fell in love with this product my first use because of how hydrated my face felt afterwards i did not feel the need to moisturize as my skin was already hydrated
more of a refreshing cool effect that helps puffiness
my skin is smooth and supple.
it leaves my skin very hydrated.
i love how lightweight it feels
my skin drank it in very nicely leaving a matte finish rather than oily
i do feel like my skin is more moisture.
have noticed deeper hydration as well as a glowy smooth look to my skin
t's hard finding a product that moisturizes
it is definitely very hydrating by my standards.
it feels as though my skin is drinking it in.
my skin is hydrated
they did not feel extremely hydrating
these are super hydrating and feel amazing!
they made my under eye area very hydrated
eye area looks hydrated
my makeup glides so smooth
this not only makes my under eye look refreshed
help to rehydrate under my eyes
the gel texture also acts as a nice barrier to make sure the serum stays on your skin
result: these eye patches are so relaxing
work well on puffiness
any puffiness is good
feel comforting on your skin
it provides a 15 minute relaxing feeling
my under eye area immediately felt hydrated
leaves my eye skin moisturized
hydrated my eye bags
tried almost every product under the sun to help keep me hydrated
this is for the person who is looking to hydrate
keep the delicate under eye area supple
i really love the smooth gel texture of this eye cream
really hydrates my eye area all day
relieves the heaviness which makes me feel ready for the day
keeps the skin around my eyes hydrated all day
it is light but very hydrating.
it moisturizes well throughout the day.
smoothes underneath my eyes very well
i feel like it reduces puffiness as well
this stuff is seriously hydrating
keeps the eyes hydrated before applying makeup!
probably because my eyes are now kept hydrated throughout the day
super hydrating and calming for my eye area
my eyes feel soothed
hydrating without being too oily - loved this!
i feel like i like the avocado eye cream from kiehl's more
my under eye are is now hydrated
feels soothing like a cooling gel
and the hydration it gives is very long lasting.
very lightweight, but you can feel the moisture.
loved this eye gel -- it's very hydrating.
hydrates without feeling all greasy
it feels cool and softens my skin.
this is a nice mild eye cream that hydrates
it makes my eye area look fresher
very refreshing and hydrating for the morning!
it leaves your under eye feeling refreshed
this product is perfect for people who have dehydrated skin
works really well for puffiness.
this gel formula absorbs so nice
the gel formula feels refreshing
my eyes definitely feel moisturized without any greasiness
it makes my eye areas feel moisturized through out the entire day
super hydrating under the eyes
leaves the area feeling cool
it is very hydrating
my god it helps me in combination with my other skin care products to calm the redness
it just hydrated skin
my gooooooooood in the morning my skin just felt more hydrated
my face feels so smooth
the tingly feeling of it on my skin
it really is helping heal my acne
makes my skin feel smooth, plump, and tight!
this mask also left my skin feeling super hydrated
it makes my skin hydrated
i love that it soothes my skin
this mask makes my skin feel so bouncy
it makes your skin feel extremely fresh
it makes the skin look
my skin felt firmer
more hydrated for days after using this mask
the thick gel goes on so cool
my skin did feel more hydrated
'm feeling comfortable using it though i'm pregnant
live a pretty hectic lifestyle
it leaves my skin feeling so refreshed
it made my face feel so refreshed.
more hydrated this time saving
my face hasn't felt so hydrated in a long time.
this was firming for sure
really soaks into the skin
this one keeps my skin hydrated
you don't need much to make your skin feel really hydrated
my skin is so supple
hydrated that during the day i barely feel the need to moisturize
your skin soaks up the hydration
leaves your skin feeling clean
it can make my skin be supple
hydrated after using it
my skin is refreshed
my skin feels so clean & amazing!
leaves skin feeling moisturized
i feel like it deep cleanses pores
this cleansing balm is so nice!
it truly moisturizes and softens skin.
supple even after using my extremely drying meds which no other moisturizer could do even that of one from the dermatologist
this product is perfect because it leaves my skin moisturized without feeling oily
it feels comfortable putting a thick layer on as an overnight moisturizer
it makes my face feel very hydrated
leaves my face feeling super clean
my friends complimented my skin without makeup
it is so hydrating
my skin feels so smooth
in the morning my skin is moisturized
makes my skin look
feel as if i've just exfoliated
my skins texture is so hydrated
this stuff is so hydrating
it really absorbed into my skin nicely
it feels cooling and refreshing.
it feels very oily
today my face feels moisturized
it moisturizes, but is still lightweight.
so hydrated after just a few uses
it leaves my face feeling smooth
this balances my skins hydration level perfectly
gives a great squeaky clean feeling for my sensitive skin
skin feels squeaky clean and really hydrated !!
it leaves skin hydrated but it doesn't last long.
leaves skin smooth and clean.
the foam hydrates my skin perfectly without stripping away my natural oil
my skin feels so smooth afterwards
it makes your skin feel hydrated & smooth.
it made my face look so hydrated
it does hydrate your skin as well
easy to use, great packaging and very hydrating.
i found that not only does it hydrate + gives you a healthy glow it also evens out my skin tone
this product made my skin look so healthy
i would recommend to anyone looking to hydrate their skin while maintaining that summer glow year round
it seems to hydrate nicely without making me oily
hydrated all day long
it gives a really pretty hydrating glow
this is a great lightweight hydrated moisturizer that is a great substitute for foundation
it dries with a matte feeling
feels so smooth on your skin
i appreciate that you get a generous amount of moisturizer in the tube
it does an ok job of hydrating the skin.
i appreciate that you get a generous amount of moisturizer in the tube
it does an ok job of hydrating the skin.
it goes on smooth & is hydrating.
it does hydrate my skin
it was really light weight
it did feel really moisturizing though
it left me feeling moisturized and glossy.
it's very hydrating as well
your skin looks much more bright and healthy.
i throughly enjoyed the hydrating aspect of this product
did give me a very healthy glow
just want a nice hydrated glow this product would be perfect for you
healthier looking skin in a min
gave my skin a healthy glow while also making my face feel hydrated
it leaves my skin super hydrated
when i wake up my skin is ultra smooth
it's also very hydrating for my very dry skin.
arm muscles etc are perfect locations for application of this nice lotion
gives life to my skin.
works better when you have exfoliated your skin.
makes my skin look so healthy
get even toned skin
made my skin feel clean
the cream itself is very hydrating
it makes my skin smooth
i love this product and it's very hydrating.
it leaves my skin hydrated
it feels very calming
for my current needs it just not quite moisturizing enough
i still feel like my skin is dehydrated
hydrating deeply without feeling greasy or heavy
this product is very hydrating
my face feels so refreshed after every use!
it's so hydrating and makes my skin feel so soft!
it absorbs perfectly leaving my skin feel smooth
so moisturized i feel like i have a baby's bottom for a face
hydrated skin that i've ever had
which gives you the feeling of very moisturized skin as it gets absorbed for maybe
makes my skin feel hydrated throughout the day
it makes my face feel hydrated throughout the day
this fresh rose deep hydration face cream keeps my skin completely moisturized day
also makes my skin feel super smooth
it gives me the hydration i need
really hydrates my skin after the shower
leaves my skin feeing so moisturized
if my skins ever feeling super dehydrated
this cream was the only one that made my skin feel hydrated
it keeps my face feeling fresh
moisturized all day long
it's not hydrating enough for my dry/dehydrate skin
nothing has made my skin to hydrated in such little time
wake up with supple skin
it is definitely a lightweight gel that leaves my face feeling refreshed
a little more hydrated than normal without a greasy feeling
it's enough to keep my face hydrated
rose deep hydration face cream feels so refreshing when applied
this is pretty thick to me
thinking i was dehydrated too
this puppy right here leaves me so hydrated without feeling sticky after
tight skin feel like velvet
makes my face feel fresh
it is super moisturizing and goes on so smoothly.
this cream is so rich and hydrating, i love it.
my skin is bright and moisturized all day.
it left my skin super hydrated
it makes my skin super smooth
i wake up to moisturized skin now.
makes it feel cool
this moisturizer is quite gentle
moisturize the skin on my face as it was quite sensitive after the the boscia sake moisturizer
i notice that through the day i feel more moisturized
its hydrating enough to put as your night cream
sooo hydrating, skin feels amazing!
it made my skin so smooth
definitely hydrated my skin
this cream is so lightweight
this will be really hydrating
oily skin try this because it might fit you perfectly
this definitely hydrates my skin
it definitley makes my skin feel hydrated
makes my skin feel plump
yet it really moisturizes your skin
is moisturized by the end of the day
this absorbed nicely and moisturized well.
my makeup goes on smooth
which is a god-send for my dehydrated skin
my skin has become dehydrated with a ton of texture all over
feel like supple skin
makes my skin feel so smooth
this cream feels so luxurious- it's rich enough to hydrate my face
when my skin is deeply hydrated
i needed a hydrating cream for day/night that would not make my skin greasy or bother delicate skin areas
i've noticed i need less to make me look refreshed
my skin is smoother
smooth out the skin
my eyes feel hydrated all of the time
it absorbs quickly and feels very soothing.
my under eye is moisturized all night
feels so comfy on my eye area.
gives the right amount of hydration especially for us oily people
it's leave my skin hydrated all day
hydrating for the summer without the fear of it sweating off
also because my skin is very pampered every night
for whatever reason it is more hydrating when you pat the product in
keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day
my face feels wonderfully moisturized all day
this one leaves me feeling just hydrated enough without being too thick or oily
really like this hydration gel.
i would need to keep applying moisturizer throughout the day to keep it hydrated
dehydrated skin soaks it right up
he loves that it is lightweight
i like it keeps my skin moisturized
this is very light weight hydrating gel.
love how it hydrates my skin for the dayit goes on smoothly
supple through the day
this product makes me skin look supple
<3 i can feel my skin sallowing up the hydration.
i know some others say it needs to be layered with a cream or another hydrating product
it soothes my dehydrated skin!
nourished is the best way to describe the feeling
moisturized glowing skin is the result
skin feels like a smooth butter texture.
this is really hydrating, i love it.
it feels very hydrating
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my skin feels hydrated
it is so hydrating!
my skin looks so hydrated now
it doesn't feel overly moisturized.
i noticed that it helped my skin stay hydrated without getting oily throughout the day
it does a good job of keeping your skin hydrated
my skin was smoother
i wake up with refreshed, smooth skin.
this does a great job of hydrating it without clogging any pores
gives me a plump hydrated feel
it leaves skin silky smooth and really hydrated.
i feel the natural antioxidants make my skin more elastic
it isn't hydrating enough for me as a st
i found that de's b hydra gel was not enough to fully hydrate my skin by itself
it leaves my skin hydrated
the b hydra is a great moisturizer for those looking to hydrate their skin without feeling too piled up
feels like a refreshing layer of water on your face
i think this would work very well for combo/oily skin as a daytime moisturizer
i've found it's helped with the hydration of my skin over time
perfect moisturizer to use before makeup because it absorbs fast doesnt leave a residue or greasy texture
this moisturizer makes my skin feel hydrated while still keeping my oil at bay throughout the day
keep my skin moisturized
hydrated throughout the day
it also keeps my skin hydrated
i just feel clean and refreshed and plump.
this cream sinks right into your skin leaving a hydrated
my skin now looks healthier
hydrates my skin so well
the belif moisturizer felt so heavy on the skin
leaving my normally pretty strangely textured skin feeling much smoother
it really calms my skin
putting this on makes my skin feel so hydrated
it is super lightweight which helps my skin feel fresh
i follow k beauty pretty well on my facial routines
it helps me skin stay hydrated.
it's the perfect fit for my oily skin.
my skin feels hydrated
for my night moisturizer it feels very fresh
my skin feels soft and moisturized not oily.
something about the scent made me feel relaxed
it was incredibly hydrating
it instantly made my skin feel plump
my skin feels so hydrated
feels cool on skin.
it moisturizes my face without making it greasy.
leaves you feeling moisturized without that greasy feeling which
like my face feeling moisturized
it really helps oily skin.
my skin is super clean
my skin always feels clean
refreshed after using this mask
it leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin is so smooth
leaves my skin looking refreshed
this makes my face so smooth
it cleans out my pores so well
your face feels so clean
a feels so clean afterwards
it left my face feeling amazingly clean
this mask has left my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaving my skin feeling really clean
feel like acid on my skin
it made my skin feel so smooth
this deep cleanse was amazing for my combo skin!
instantly feels like a great hydrating mask
my skin feels tight
it cleanses my skin well
if you struggle with fatigued skin
made my eyes extemely moisturized
physically depuff with in minutes
my skin looks hydrated
it has definitely made my skin look naturally plump
supple through the day without being greasy
it's moisturized my skin nicely
am surprised at how well it keeps my skin moisturized
my skin is left feeling moisturized
i am really enjoying the effects of this toning moisturizer
my skin feels more nourished
super light weight and is pretty hydrating too.
this product is so soothing
my skin was dried out from not being properly hydrated
more hydrated as the days went by
i found this product to be very hydrating without being heavy
this lotion plumps up my skin so well
i feel so pampered after using this
i noticed my skin didn't feel as hydrated
my skin feel so hydrated, supple, and radiant.
this provides a good amount of moisture without making my skin oily
my skin feels plump and hydrated.
my skin looks super clean and feels amazing !
my skin is more hydrated
leave the skin very moisturized
it smells so clean
i love the way this serum makes my skin feel like it's very hydrated with just 4-5 drops
my skin felt firmer
stayed hydrated all day
it feels like it soaks right into my skin
it makes your skin feel smooth
my face definitely had a healthy glow to it
i also feel my skin is much more hydrated.
my favorite part is that it hydrates my skin without making it feel greasy or sticky
it has helped hydrated my dessert skin to a healthy glow
love the light weight feel of this product.
it makes my skin look
absorbs wonderfully with a heavy residue feeling
i look so awake and smooth.
my skin appears more even toned and hydrated.
so make sure to use a moisturizer after.
your skin just looks so youthful
i felt more hydrated right away
it gives my that hydrated feel along with a healthy glow
my skin feel smoother
my skin was plump, hydrated and glowing.
the gel itself is gentle to my skin.
it is super gentle, but it cleanse so well!
it always leaves my skin feeling squeaky clean
my skin reacts very well to acids
cleanse my skin while the water gets warm in the morning
it takes some time to rinse off thoroughly
this helps my skin stay fresh and youthful.
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling fresh
my skins feels clean after use.
it feels so smooth
clean without feeling tight
it literally feels super clean
it does keep my under eye area hydrated all day
the eye cream is fun size so that makes the eyeliner
the mascara wears really well.
it's hydrating enough for the day time
makes me look a bit more awake
the eye cream is okay.
what i do love about this is that its very hydrating
not only does my concealer stay lookig flawless my under eyes stay hydrated the whole day even after 15 hours of wear
i certainly could notice that my skin became more hydrated
skin is actually feeling moisturized
very moisturizing but no greasy or thick feeling.
it's very hydrating and brightening.
my skin looks visibly healthier
it keeps my skin super hydrated
hydrated my skin like tidal
that works amazingly for keeping the skin around my eyes really soft
it has the perfect level of hydration for my skin
so incredibly soft and hydrated.
i feel hydrated from it but not greasy.
feels like massaging water into your skin
sinks in beautifully, and hydrates so well!
this makes my skin hydrated
my skin feels so refreshed
as i have oily skin i really liked the texture
it also delivers good hydration
it has hydrated my skin so well
very hydrating and feels lightweight.
need something super calming afterwards
my skin felt refreshed
hydrated in the morning
leaves my skin feeling perfectly balanced
skin texture has improved for sure
light on the skin, but very hydrating.
i find this a good balance of moisture without making me oily
it completely hydrated my skin
not only does it keep my combo skin moisturized
leaves your skin very glowy
perfectly prepped for makeup
my face feels completely refreshed
my skin stays hydrated
my skin on my cheeks are ridiculously smooth now.
makes me skin look refreshed
i instantly liked the way it hydrated my skin
it leaves the smoothest surface for my concealer
i also love it because my skin is hydrated- the entire day
i feel like it is not quite hydrating enough for nighttime use
super hydrating yet lightweight.
actually keeps my skin hydrated
it keeps my skin moist and very few products do.
it does a nice job hydrating my skin
my skin always looks plumper after this
my skin is firm hydrated and lifted.
but it does plump and hydrate my skin.
my skin is producing less oil because it's hydrated
it feels like a very luxurious treat for my skin
lightweight moisturizer absorbs wonderfully.
it os so comfortable on a skin
it's a lightweight cream that works perfectly on my combination to oily skin
doesn't absorb moisturizer very well
it feels super lightweight and goes on so smooth.
doesn't feel heavy but keeps me hydrated all day.
my skin actually feels hydrated and glows!
i gave it change i do love it hydrated skin great for combination skin
is a nice thick moisturizer that absorbs very quickly
keeps my acne away but leaves me hydrated!
as i feel it primes my skin for my moisturizer while simultaneously keeping my acne at bay
the eye dropper bottle is really pleasant to use as well
sits perfectly under my moisturizer
hydrating it feels while it effectively calms down acne the morning after
my skin also looks smoother
my super oily skin is much more balanced
keep my skin hydrating all day long without any greasy
it is super hydrating and feels lovely.
it moisturizes my skin without making it feel oily
makes my skin feel moisturized
the water droplets are pretty cool too!
it instantly makes my face feel moisturized after a shower
feels great and kept my skin hydrated all day!
my skin looks and feels hydrated and radiant.
it is not super hydrating
when it dries it leaves your skin a healthy glow
it hydrated my skin so well while keeping my oils at bay
this was hydrating enough
it goes on so lightweight it feels like water.
very hydrating to my very dry skin
leave me feeling greasy
leaves my skin hydrated
absorbs fast and feels refreshing and light.
when i put the moisturizer on my face it immediately felt hydrated
my skin is also dehydrated
my skin is doing wonderfully with this routine
i see a great improvement in surface rehydration
it's hydrating and quickly is absorbed.
left it very hydrating
my skin feels super hydrated
it keeps my face moisturized
moisturized through out the day
it feel like i'm literally putting cold water on my face which feels so hydrating
it leaves my skin hydrated but not oily.
it's very hydrating and lightweight.
my skin feels hydrated.
it helps my dry skin look moisturized
not too heavy yet hydrating and refreshing.
this keeps me hydrated all day
this moisturizer just works perfectly for my skin
light weight, but ultra hydrating!
really hydrates my super dry skin
giving the perfect amount of hydration to normal/combo skin
this balances my skin perfectly
after one use my skin looks so different well hydrated
my makeup goes on super smooth
it's so lightweight but incredibly moisturizing.
gives my skin a refreshed
this seems to hydrate my skin well
after using this i feel as though my moisturizer really soaks in
my face feels smoother
smooth on the skin
it is definitely hydrating
my skin was visibly more hydrated
healthy my skin looked
my skin has been more supple without being oily so that's a plus
my skin is definitely more hydrated
my skin is more hydrated feeling
my skin felt instantly hydrated
it totally helps keep my skin retain moisture throughout the day
it was too hydrating for me
my skin feels instantly baby smooth
it really does feel hydrated all day and night.
or i like wearing it as a primer before foundation to hydrate
just makes me feel calm
this is the first one that has hydrated
refreshed in the morning
my dry skin stayed well moisturized
moisturized well into the next day
supple my skin has become
it hydrate my skin and leave glowing skin.
leaves my skin feeling super hydrated without being overly greasy
this oil has completely hydrated my skin for the first time in my life
makes my skin feel super hydrated
water keeps your skin very moist even when you are sweating
you skin needs to be moist
dewy look that really rejuvenates yours facial skin
it just moisturized my face
silky textured oil was easily absorbed by my skin making it instantly more hydrated without looking as if i were greasy/oily
my face feels smooth
i think that it's a pretty good facial moisturizer
i found sk-ii a great after shower remedy for my face when it feels dehydrated
it left my skin incredibly moisturized
after using this oil my skin felt smoother
it is intensely hydrating
very refreshing to my skin
yet keeps my skin hydrated
it still looks smooth
i find my skin more hydrated
my skin appears to be smoother and feels softer.
it keeps my face perfectly moisturized
i exfoliate my face quite often
do notice that my skin feels smoother
it hydrated the skin beautifully
it makes my skin feel hydrated, but not greasy.
the oil goes into my skin very nicely.
my skin is smoother
smooth my face feels
i also like to use it at nighttime to stay moisturized through the night
it gives good moisture without being oily feeling on my face
it keeps your skin hydrated
washing face my skin still felt hydrated
the skin definitely feels moisturized
my face is feeling more hydrated which is wonderful especially as the season is changing
i felt hydrated, but not overly greasy.
my skin feels smooth
the rest of my face would get over moisturized
leaves a nice moisturized feel
it hydrates without feeling greasy
my skin is becoming more youthful with a healthy glow
love how hydrating it is
this mousturizer really help with hydration
truly moisturized my face for 12 hours.
the gel consistency leaves my skin feeling smooth without feeling heavy
helps hydrate my oily areas keeping my oil production down
it definitely is hydrating
fave feels hydrated without excess grease
it keeps me hydrated without feeling greasy or oily
very hydrating making skin feel alive
i wake up so hydrated
my skin felt so hydrated immediately
this overnight cream not only kept my skin hydrated
comfortable on the skin
immediately my skin feels hydrated.
the wrinkles are sure to return
a healthy well rested skin :
my skin feels nicely hydrated :
i love how light, yet hydrating this product is.
leaves my skin feeling very hydrated
i feel instantly awake
this is also hydrating for me.
my under eyes feel hydrated
the cooling sensation feels amazing on my irritated skin
my under eye is still too dry for a smooth finish cream contour or concealer
it is very hydrating
my eyes are hydrated
it balanced the skin around my eyes
makes you feel instantly refreshed
my conclear blends out so smooth
so this is a light weight balm
it hydrates my eyes too
my skin feels perfectly quenched
does feel soothing on skin
hydrates my skin perfectly
i saw my skin look fresher
the gel feels cool & light- not sticky.
my skin look fresher
next day i felt my skin so hydrated
every time i apply mask or toner my skin will feel painful because it is so dehydrated
i feel it does hydrating my face although i still have flakes on skin
i love waking up to soft, smooth, hydrated skin.
my face is so smooth and hydrated!
after one application my skin was instantly hydrated
my skin is very hydrated
it looked brighter and more supple as well.
it's feels good and my skin feels hydrated.
i feel like it also helps with making my tan prettier
this serum made my skin look more lively while i was using it
moisturizing without feeling too greasy or tight
i feel like it dries it and peels it slightly.
does seem to make my skin more radiant for sure
leaves my face feeling so fresh and clean.
i still feel clean
very refreshingly clean after a quick suds with this
my skin is smooth
my skin feels moisturized
my skin felt a cooling sensation
it even felt moisturized.
after i wash my face i can feel my skin smooth
the texture of my skin was so smooth
after using my skin looks refreshed
leaves my skin soft and hydrated.
it's very light yet somehow moisturizing enough for dry-leaning skin
the luminizing effect makes you look refreshed
feels on my skin
i am very fair skin complexion
give my legs a moisturized look
then as it dries it starts to feel pleasantly warm
afterward my skin is smooth
my face generally looks refreshed
it leaves your skin so clean
this product leaves the skin smooth
it hydrates my eyes while being so lightweight
it really soothed my skin
this is a soothing oil that sinks in really well.
texture is great and leaves my skin super smooth.
the texture of my skin is better
it makes my skin
makes skin super smooth.
feels like giving your skin a drink of water.
will say my skin feels more hydrated especially since i recently incorporated a retinol product into my skin routine
it's a comfortable gel cream
hydrating my skin very good
this keeps me matte
by how plump my skin felt
leaves it feeling incredibly clean
this is really gently on me
it exfoliates your skin very gently
i feel completely hydrated
my skin looks hydrated & glowing.
defiantly super absorbent into the skin it make my skin feel hydrated
i admit my skin does feel more hydrated
it left my skin smooth and hydrated.
smooth it over skin
it really hydrated my face.
saw my skin is more hydrated in the am
skin looks all around smoother
making it super smooth
my skin feels firmer
my skin is so smooth
makes my skin smooth
my skin is visibly more plump!
this product are best for: really hydrating dry skin
my skin looks younger
healthy rather than oily
looks smoother under makeup
my skin felt hydrated
it's a nice hydrating feeling
my face feels supple
it keeps my skin so plump
hydrated whole keeping it smooth
my skin looked so flawless
hydrate/plump my skin at the same time
makes my skin look so smooth
it provides great hydration without making me look oily
it provides so much hydration
light but hydrates very well.
this product let my skin staying hydrated
very hydrating, it grabs foundation so well.
i feel it helps to lock in moisture.
it felt fresh and hydrated all day.
love how smooth my skin feels afterwards
i feel like my pores are more cleaned out
it really helps to exfoliate
it feels so refreshing to use in the shower.
made it so smooth
my skin is visibly cleaner
the combo has moisturized
rinses off so well
seemed to calm the redness
leaves my skin very smooth
hydrated after using this
my face feels hydrated
this combined with the hydrating essence strikes the perfect balance in making my entire face feel comfortably moist
my skin is hydrated
everyone has been complimenting my skin
it's very hydrating and cool and jelly.
not greasy and very hydrating.
it cleans while hydrating the face.
my face feels cool
your skin feels clean
this cleansing foam makes my skin feel clean
just relax with my eyes closed because it has the most amazing tingling cold feeling that makes me feel like i'm at a spa
helps smooth my skin
it leaves your skin cool
leave you with clean balanced
its got a very natural smell
it leaves your skin feeling so clean and smooth.
leaves skin hydrated after application
leave your skin refreshed
makes my skin feel so fresh
my skin felt super clean
i could feel the hydration
this makes my makeup stay in a mattifying form especially on my oily areas
keep me matte all day long
this gives you a natural matte finish
this light weight blot drop gel is crazy good
i feel like my skin is plumper
works wonders on my skin
skin looks healthy, calm and balanced with this.
my skin looks more even, smooth, and healthy.
this really helps with redness
it makes my skin look
my skin seems to drink it.
to be honest i was expecting this product to have a silicone base to smooth the appearance of the skin
my eyes looked refreshed
hydrates the under eye beautifully so that if i wear concealer it isn't flakey
makes my eye area feel moisturized
told me how hydrated their fingers were from it
when i wake up my skin feels nourished
find it to be perfectly hydrating
this makes my skin so soft and nicely hydrated.
it hydrates my skin without feeling greasy
it's hydrating for my dry skin
its so hydrating and not greasy at all.
because of the moisturiser not being "super hydrating"
creates a breathable smooth canvas on my complexion as my daily moisturizer
it the perfect amount of hydration
hydrating, but not heavy.
hydrated my skin feels when i put it on
my skin felt comfortable all day without looking shiny or greasy at the end of the day
feels on my skin
i always look for an oil free moisturizer that gives me enough hydration
my eye area at 45 looks smooth
this cream has many oils inside to nourish the skin without making it feel heavy
this makes my skin so healthy looking
moisturizes really well without being too oily or heavy
plus:-very good moisturizer- smooth the skin- skin looks healthier
a bit dehydrated as well.
it definitely leaves my skin feeling moisturized.
make my skin look plump
it kept my skin hydrated all day
this moisturizer is so clean
has allowed me to maintain supple
added bonus of being very clean
it makes your skin feel very hydrated and fresh.
makes my skin feel so hydrated
this is very deep conditioning
my skin absorbed this wonderfully
i find that it actually helps control my oiliness
supple in the morning after applying this the night before
then it is really hydrating
supple the next day
the moisturizer itself definitely has a rich feeling to it
supple the whole day
this one has your skin feeling hydrated all day
night i feel safe assured that my skin is taken care of
its very hydrating without being greasy feeling.
the cream is very thick
now my skin is smooth
wonderfully rich without being oily or having a "plastic" feel to it
this keeps me matte for so long
it feels like it's really hydrating my skin while also being a great moisturizer to prevent further moisture loss
it looks more hydrated
feels smoother in texture
really hydrating, feels comfortable
it also goes over the serums quite nicely.
the moisturizer itself is very thick
this cream keeps my skin incredibly hydrated without the feeling of feeling greasy or oily throughout the day
my eyes water pretty easily wth most eye creams because of their scents or ingredients
gets pretty oily in summer
still manages to moisturize so well
this cream is very soothing
hydrated this makes my skin feel
my face was very moisturized
my skin looked smooth
it leaves your skin hydrated
feel smooth as a baby's bum
perfect sos cream for dehydrated or just help me skin
it's hydrating yet clears up blemishes!!
leaves my face feeling really clean
moisturized after as well
makes my skin look flawless
i love it the healthy
it also does not moisturize that well
def felt like i was moisturized.
it smells great and moisturizes my dry skin.
this is a light weight finish that was so soft
moisturizes just fine for day time!
it makes my skin feel youthful
makes your skin look younger
the matte version is just as good is you have oily skin
additionally, my skin stayed hydrated all day.
it does moisturize the area well
hydrating and it smells really good also.
it gives my skin a bit of hydration
it smells so clean and citris like.
it definitely helps to tone down some of the redness in my skin
it gives the perfect amount of moisture without making my skin look oily
rather is keeps my moisturized
it is also super hydrating which is a nice added benefit
my face feels smooth
my skin turns from very dry to moisturized
after a week using this my skin looks healthy
it always left my face feeling super oily
my skin feels so smooth
the texture of her skin is completely better
it really does moisturize without making my skin feel oily
it feels super lightweight
it really is hydrating on the skin
it keeps my foundation moist all day.
my skin is hydrated
really keeps my skin acne free
so everything is clean
rosehip always worked well with my skin
while it is quite hydrating
clears my skin quite nicely.
leaves your face feeling so clean
it gives a decent lather for a charcoal product
my face feels clean
it helped to clean my pores
my skin is smooth
it made my skin feel so clean
no cleanser has made my skin feel this clean
my skins feels so clean
it leaves my skin feeling cleansed
gets my skin clean
leaves my skin feeling so clean
it feels like it leaves my skin very clean
helps keep dry areas hydrated
my skin is clean
not tight or over-exfoliated
skin felt so smooth and clean afterwards.
my skin looks smoother
the exfoliation is great rough enough to buff my pores to oblivion while not being harsh
makes my skin so smooth.
overall it's a decent exfoliating wash
left skin feeling tight and super clean.
my skin feels so clean
it makes my skin feel fresh
it left my skin feeling fresh and smooth.
left my skin feeling smooth
this cleanser feels amazing on your skin
this cleanser is good if you want to exfoliate your face gently
my skin felt clean
perfectly matt without drying it out #cantlivewithout
skin feels decently cleansed and exfoliated.
i prefer to feel clean everyday
the exfoliators are pretty gentle
it makes my skin smooth
this exfoliator has really helped to clear up my skin
so this gentle exfoliant is really great.
leaves skin feeling fresh and clean.
it seems to clean well
it leaves my skin feeling clean
as i feel it would be easy to over-exfoliate
my skin truly does feel clean and cleansed.
hydrated after using this cream
my skin feels very hydrated
feel this clinique product makes my skin younger
i am super oily and this product is a lifesaver.
keeping my face moisturized all day
it works perfectly to hydrate my skin before i put on makeup
i felt like it wasn't hydrating enough
in the summer months it's been perfect as a lightweight moisturizer
this moisturizer made it so smooth
i feel hydrated for a long time
my skin is smooth
i always loved how hydrating it was
feel good as well as hydrate my face
my foundation still looks fresh
it does a great job of hydrating
it leaves skin look moisturized
this has a silicone feel which i enjoy
keeps my skin hydrated
how hydrated it makes my face feel
it's just really hydrating
it keeps it hydrated
it gives my skin a very smooth
made my skin smooth
it made my skin looks smooth and poreless!
it makes a good "canvas" for makeup--i notice that my makeup goes on very smoothly over it
feels nice on my skin and is very moisturizing.
gives the skin a hydrated feeling
it keeps my face matt all day without dryness
this moisturizer is also quite thick
keeps my skin hydrated all day
into the next morning your skin will still feel hydrated
my clinique powder foundation stays so well.
makes my skin hydrated
i love this stuff it blends in amazingly well no need for concealer
my eyes still feel hydrated
cooling gives a great canvas for concealer or works well with out it
nothing seemed to soothe or moisturize my skin enough
makes my skin feel refreshed after applying it
it is supple and well moisturized.
my skin has been looking more supple
amazingly hydrating with quick absorption.
it makes my skin super hydrated!!!!!!!!!
it's really hydrating and a smooth texture.
this cream is very hydrating without being too thick or leaving too much of a sheen
it makes my skin very smooth
hydrated throughout the day
it's very difficult to find a moisturizer that will keep my face hydrated for an entire day during the winter
it really helps calm my skin
really am loving this 5-in-1 moisturizer.
so far my skin is calm
my cheeks are perfectly moisturized
but now i can have a healthy glow too!
this product actually rehydrated his skin
this made my skin so smooth
made my skin smoother
as a person of color it is really hard to stay moisturized
their egg cream line really helps calm my skin
if anything it helps keep it calm
it moisturizes my face so good.
very hydrating and doesn't irritate my skin.
it feels so smooth
keeps my skin looking fresh
leaves my flaky super dry/combination skin feel like a newborn baby's
it is good for cuticles
my skin feels moisturized
it gives you the perfect amount of hydration without making you oily
it makes my skin feel very moisturized
it's a very light gel texture that sinks into the skin
it feels like air on the skin
i get compliments on my skin/makeup
my skin feels hydrated the whole day
has a greasy texture but it does moisturize
if leaves my skin feeling so smooth
i really like this moisturizer because its calming
this moisturizes my skin perfectly without leaving it greasy as well as leaving my skin super soft
this hydrates just enough to quench my skin
helps keep the skin matte
this keeps me matte
definitely balances my pores
neck feeling lightly moisturized
this is great for my normal to oily skin.
i also don't need a lot of it to feel moisturised
hydrates to keep my skin moisturized
that moisturizers like this are great for people 30+ who want to reclaim that plump youthful look to their skin
it is pretty hydrating for something that claims to keep you matte
finish with my simple moisturizer
this one provided just the right amount of hydration without making my skin oily
a half before my makeup every morning my skin is less oily because of the hydration this offers
the hydration it gives
want the most hydrated skin i can get
combination skin that gets pretty oily during the summer
it wears perfectly under my makeup
t is hard to find a moisturizer that nourishes my face
my foundation seems to glide on smoother
my oils feel more balanced
it makes my skin smooth
it keeps your skin feeling matte
it makes the skin look fresh
when i'm done my skin feels clean
it'll be smoother and hydrated.
this was immeadiatly so soothing on my skin
makes your skin so smooth
it keeps my skin feeling smooth
exfoliates nicely without completely drying it out
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin feels amazingly smooth
makes your face feel sooooo cleansed
makes my skin feel so clean and amazing.
tartes scrubber you feel super clean
it's a great exfoliator that leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin is super smooth
the formula leaves your skin feeling clean
my skin is super clean
and it feels good to scrub your face!
the exfoliation is so gentle for sensible skin
your skin will feel so smooth
hydrating i put some moisturizer on afterwards for the extra hydration i will definitely be buying the full size when i run out i love tarte products they are so amazing
it makes my skin so smooth
leaves skin feeling smooth and clean!
leaves my skin so smooth
this uses just the right amount of exfoliation to leave my skin so clean
it kept my skin smooth
my skin feels so smooth after
this product does such amazing job to clean my pores thoroughly
it exfoliates the skin very well
i feel so refreshed after using it
more hydrated without being oily
my combination skin feels tight after i use it
the texture really cleans your face
it leaves my skin feeling so smooth.
it made my face feel smooth
it is very gentle with loads of exfoliating effects
my skin felt super clean
it gives a nice exfoliation
my skin feels very fresh after each use
my face always feels super clean!
it leaves your skin clean
was pleasantly surprised with how great of a exfoliating cleanser this was
moisturizer routine balanced it out just fine
this is a nice daily exfoliator especially if you have oily skin
the exfoliation is too strong for my skin
it exfoliates without being too harsh
you can really feel the fine exfoliating grains polishing the skin
it doesn't give me a deeep exfoliated clean
leaves your skin feeling very clean
it cleans and exfoliates well.
my skin feels so smooth
this is all about getting the texture on your face smooth
it makes my skin feel so smooth.
my skin felt smooth
it left my skin so smooth
it definitely makes my skin fresh
makes your eyes water
this one feels truly hydrating while still feeling light on my skin
it leaves my skin feeling smoother
i felt it made my skin greasier
keeps my face moisturized
it moisturizes really well
this cleansing water feels so nice on the skin
my skin tone looks even
leaves me feeling refreshed
it is a very nice and calming toner, however.
smells great and is calm on my skin.
my skin feels refreshed
it cleans out my pores really well
this is amazing for my skin i have very oily skin
it is so good for acne prone skin!
the way my skin feels after cleansing
i always felt cleansers dried out my skin
plant extracts to really give your skin a good clean
really leaves your skin feeling fresh
my face feels so refreshed when i'm done
this cleanser makes my skin feel amazing
this cleanser really leaves my face feeling smooth
the neogen leaves my skin feeling super clean
it's a really gentle, but cleansing foam.
oily problem skin really clean with a satin-like smooth finish
my skin feels supple
it feels so fresh
want to use this product immediately i started feeling a cleaning sensation along with feeling moisturized
it really detoxify your face
my skin feels sooooo smooth afterwards
t's good to moisturize even with oily skin afterwards
leaves my skin feeling smooth & hydrated.
this cleanser makes my skin smooth
leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin feels so smooth
my skin feels fine once i moisturize afterward
it lathers very well
i've gotten many compliments on how "refreshed"
make sure to rinse well with lukewarm water!
gets the skin very smooth
i don't feel stripped of moisture afterwards
your face feels sooo smooth
finding a gentle foaming cleanser is always a challenge
makes my skin smooth
leaves my skin smooth
it made my skin so smooth
my skin felt so clean
it is very hydrating and really tones the skin.
i feel my skin hydrated and a sense of freshness.
makes my face feel moisturized
my skin feels smooth
my skin felt smooth and rejuvenated.
this one leaves my skin feeling plump
most mud masks make my skin feel tight
my face feels moisturized
after one use my skin was smooth
after 30 mins your skin feels clean
minimize pores while the natural ingredients leave my skin moisturized
has left my skin feeling so smooth
my skin definitely feels clean
after washing it off my skin feels like i just put good moisturizer
this is a solid detoxifying mask that doesn't irritate or dry out the skin
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
it keeps my pores clean
my skin feels way cleaner
it leaves my skin looking smooth
healthy after washing this off
leaving it feeling smooth
my skin feels supple and it's clean!
it totally hydrated my skin
i feel like my skin adsorbs this product really quickly
it stays under my makeup perfectly
moisturizer that's in a pump that will keep me moisturized
it helps keeps me matte throughout the way
the packaging is very well designthis moisture gives me the moisture i need without give me a greasy feeling
it feels like it hydrates
yet still so hydrating
i love how light weight it feels.
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it definitely leaves your skin smooth
the moisturizer goes on with a nice cooling effect
absorbs really well without leaving the skin feeling greasy or sticky
it was a very light feeling moisturizer
my skin feels firmer
my skin feels firmer
this cream is definitely lightweight!
my skin felt smoother and hydrated immediately.
it is definitely light weight
plump my skin feels
the moisturizer has a very clean
just make sure your hands are impeccably clean.
it made it soft and feel super hydrated.
keeps my skin moisturized all day
supple hours after it has been applied
very hydrating and i am in love with it!
this moisturizer is hydrating without feeling too heavy/greasy on the skin
this is a great winter moisturizer that is both light weight
it left my skin so hydrated and smooth.
really work the oil into the skin and massage it.
making my skin feel clean
the consistency is very oily
so my face feels clean
this cleanser left my face hydrated
my skin was clean
my face feels so smooth
it does leave my face feeling moisturized
supple i was very surprised
my skin feels soft, moisturized and clean!
leaves my skin feeling clean
keep it moisturized while cleansing.
after rinsing felt moisturized
leaves my skin feeling clean
it becomes a really nice milky wash
my skin feels hydrated
my skin feels so smooth
just cleanses my skin
your skin is left feeling clean
leaves skin feeling fresh
was pleasantly surprised that this cleanser removed all of my waterproof makeup
left my skin feeling clean
my skin felt hydrated and soft, but clean too.
makes my dry skin feel so supple
hydrated even though it's not that thick
it makes my face so smooth
it made my skin feel sooo plump
feels light on the skin
stays moisturized through the day
it feels like water
almost feels like a gel
it sinks in the skin so nicely
it feels and looks healthy.
it's hydrating without making my skin oily.
it hydrates well without leaving you greasy.
lightweight, but feels very hydrating.
this is really hydrating on my skin
this moisturizer is truly a great one- it is lightweight yet very hydrating
i felt hydrated all day.
moisturized the whole day
my skin is in loveeeee
i feel as if my face is splash with moisture
light, breathable, and and a lot of product.
i feel the skin is very refreshed
i find this to be a nice lightweight moisturizer
this was a fun product to try- it has a very runny
light weight and not greasy.
my skin is supple
after using this my skin feels hydrated
still moisturizes pretty well
it leaves my skin moisturised throughout the day
stays hydrated all day i cannot
this product makes your skin feel instantly smooth
i felt smooth and hydrated almost immediately!
my skin feels so soft and hydrated.
fast absorbing, stays matted for most of the am.
i felt really moisturized
it is so hydrating
smoothly brushing my foundation over it was a good feeling
i've tried a lot of mattifying moisturizers that don't make me feel greasy
but this sunscreen is pretty good.
it truly mattifies my very oily skin
on me, it stays matte all day.
this keeps my skin moisturized
it truly stays matte
i feel like this only moisturizes the top layer of my face
it stays matte all day long
this lotion give us oily girls that matte finish we crave
even in humid clients it keeps everything matte as well
skin feels so smooth after application
i am very fair with oily skin
this is great everyday moisturizer that also protects you from the sun
love how it makes my skin feel bright and clean.
the cleansing is okay
even though my skin is oily i thought this moisturizer brought a nice balance of dewy
it's lightweight on my skin
it leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin feels so soft and hydrated afterward.
it cleans my skin perfectly
anyone can use this cleanser as it leaves skin hydrated
my skin felt so clean and smooth after using it.
plus, it feels cool while applying.
it is so soothing, and cleared out my pores.
my face felt hydrated
it definitely helps out with my blackheads
it keeps the skin supple
my skin is smoother
this is a greasy feel product
i don't know if it is the combination of a very thick moisturizing cream that balances out this oil as it can dry up your skin
this allows me to exfoliate while staying moisturized
my skin is clean clear
leaves your skin feeling so plump
my skin is smooth
leaves my skin feeling moisturized
i also feel like this oil helps keep my skin matte
feels so smooth after applying
used to be pretty oily
my skin is so smooth
my skin is smooth
left my skin feeling fresh
makes my face feel so refreshed
definitely made my skin super smooth
leaves my skin rejuvenated
it makes my skin very smooth and glowy.
gets me all relaxed for bed
leave your skin moisturized.
it wasn't as hydrating as other fresh masks
makes my skin feel balanced
it leaves my sensitive skin feeling fresh
really did moisturise through
it leaves your skin feeling fresh
powerfully exfoliated until my skin felt plumpy
leaves your skin super smooth
it evens out my extremely red cheeks
i find this mask very hydrating
leaves my face feeling refreshed
feel like it brightens my skin after i washed them off
throughout the day my skin appeared to look healthy
my skin was super clear
leaves the skin smooth
i loved the texture of my skin afterwards it was so supple
it was so smooth
most moisturizers make my skin feel slippery
it made my skin very smooth and rejuvenated.
helps make my face look healthy
gold shimmer make my skin look incredibly healthy
moisturized after using it
my makeup applied very nicely over it.
is quite hydrating without being sticky
my skin looks healthy
it also seems to calm my skin.
now i love it for a naturally dewy weekend day look
it does actually hydrate the eye area well
day skin care routine including eating more healthy
skin feels so fresh after
i feel like my skin looks healthier
the texture is really smooth
this cream gives all day moisture i can feel to the touch
it moisturizes just enough
it leaves my skin feeling so clean
my skin looks so clean
my enlarged pores feel clean
the little leona "i am happy" fragrance free baby wash for cleansing
a very good productit cleans your face gently
how it makes my skin feel clean
it makes my skin feel so clean
leaves the skin smooth clean
leave my skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin clean
it's a great light weight moisturizer that works well for oily
this is hydrating enough for my skin with a pleasant smell
* feels good as you are applying it* leaves your skin clean
t's nice that this isn't a liquid cleanser
amazing product works super good for calming down redness tones i am super happy with this product
this is a great alternative that leaves my skin feeling nourished
2nd is because my skin is left feeling very clean
hydrated my skin looks
i feel good knowing i am nourishing my skin with antioxidants
left my skin feeling smooth.
my skin looked firmer afterwards
wouldn't call it a very hydrating mask
warms up as you massage
it does leave my skin feeling comfortable
my skin is so comforted after the massage.
after i washed it off it wasn't a very smooth complexion
it left my skin looking plump and hydrated.
left my skin hydrated plump and very very soft.
the way it leaves your skin feeling is
hydrated without being oily
my skin looks perfect after i rinse it.
the mask makes my face feels fresh
my skin is ready to be detoxified by my clay mask
my skin does appear more nourished
moisturized that i'm going to definitely buy
my skin is so smooth
so far it has helped with my oiliness as well
my skin is very agitated from trying a glycolic acid containing product so that is probably going to take more time to calm down
i like a feeling of warm while you massage this mask on your skin to transform into a cream
the warm feeling is relaxing
my skin always feels hydrated
your skin is getting the gentle caring love it deserves
this makes my skin so smooth
leaves skin feeling amazing to the touch!
this is for sure my go to mask for hydration.
my skin looks refreshed
makes your skin feels fresh
it made my skin look smoother
my skin looks smooth and even.
it leave my skin soft and hydrated.
my skin feels very smooth
the way it makes my skin unbelievably soft yet hydrated
tingly when you are putting it on
my skin feels so smooth
when you wake up the set morning your face is supple
this mask hydrated my skin
my face is very moisturized after using it
not only is it hydrating
my skin glows and is so soft and hydrated.
it lathers on well
very comfortable on the skin
this product leaves my skin feeling super hydrated when i wake up in the morning
it warms as you massage it in
it felt relaxing to myself
makes my skin look smoother
it just calms my skin.
my skin was left feels so smooth looking so youthful
my sein feels hydrated
afterwards my skin looks refreshed
the masks warms just a tad
my skin just feels clean after i wash it
clean without that tight feeling
my skin feels fine
my skin still always felt tight after washing
it really leaves skin clean
this is a very gentle cleanser that does not foam or lather
my skin looks hydrated
this is a great gentle morning cleanser for my dry sensitive skin
this is a very nice and gentle cleanser.
leaves my skin moisturized
no gentle cleanser will totally remove makeup
leaves my skin smooth
leaves my skin feeling smooth
this is a good gentle morning addition to my routine
gentle but it really cleans.
makes my skin look so youthful
this leaves it calm
my skin remains hydrated throughout the day
my skin definitely looks plumper
it makes my skin feel plump
plumping are good words in my world
feel much more hydrated
definitely helps lighten wrinkles!
no rough patches and it looks healthy!
my skin is smooth and plump feeling.
supple my skin feels
i am loyal to my ole henriksen invigorating night gel at night to maintain my skin texture however sometimes i need more moisture
my skin feels smooth and supple.
this product makes my skin so plump and moist.
my skin looks so plump
it was hydrated and plump.
it really brightens my skin
i noticed my skin was a lot more hydrated
this gives my skin life
makes skin look refreshed
kind of a fresh healthy skin look
skin feels super hydrated.
light, soothing and totally hydrating.
this product plumps out my dehydration lines
my skin have so much hydration.
massaging this cream entirely into the skin is making my skin well hydrated soft
it makes my face so smooth
perfect for my dehydrated, sensitive skin :)
this product really helps me to rehydrate
plus my face stays hydrated all day long.
my skin felt so smooth afterwards
it gives u moisture making your skin feel so skin
refreshed without getting oily
it fit perfectly in
long lasting moisturizer that works great for oily surface skin
hydrating boosters i've tried are gels which tend to leave me still feeling tight
this one being a water activated lotion just feels like it does more to actually hydrate my skin
it makes my face smooth
so hydrating and quick acting.
all day long i can still feel that my skin is hydrated
this plumped and hydrated my skin.
feel your skin plumping up
it leaves you feeling clean
this cleanser has really helped keep my skin soft post shave plus really keeps me hydrated without feeling greasy
gives me an amazing squeaky clean feeling without making my skin feel dry
it lathers up nicely.
refreshed in the morning
worked extremely well on hydrating my cheeks
after using it my skin looks smooth
smooth without feeling greasy
it makes my skin feel so smooth
leaves skin hydrated, lifted and toned.
my skin feels so fresh
it left my skin feeling hydrated
this product left my skin feeling flawless.
my face felt smooth
my skin was super smooth, radiant and hydrated.
acne prone skin so hydrated
now it is hydrated
it is extremely hydrating
my skin looked awake
it feels so hydrated
your skin is left immediately hydrated
left my skin perfectly moisturized.
my skin in quenched and feels firmer.
makes my face feel fresh
it leaves your face super matte
rubbed in the excess product my skin felt so hydrated
his skin looked clean
it leaves your skin hydrated
i found it very clean
it left my skin feeling constantly moisturized throughout the day
it's deep hydrating and rejuvenating.
this product is so cool!
it was so smooth
this mask is so cool!
just very hydrated bright skin
my skin felt hydrated.
the next morning my skin was just extremely hydrated
my morning regimen seemed to look better because my skin was just so supple
leaves the skin uber hydrated
i've never felt so hydrated after removing a mask
pat that right into your recharged skin for a smooth glow
on top of that my skin was hydrated
leaves a silicone-smooth feeling when you rub the remains in
that also hydrated my skin
more supple skin with lasting effects for multiple days
me skin absolutely felt plumped and moisturized.
look so hydrated also smooth
my skin is smoother
i pair this with a super moisturizer like glamglow thirsty mud
when you rinse it off your skin feels moisturized
makes my skin feel very smooth
my skin was smoother
my skin is smoother
my skin is so even-toned
it really cleanses the skin thoroughly
leaves my face feeling clean and crisp.
leaves it feeling moisturized
refreshed without any oiliness
makes made face feel cleansed
only cleanser that leaves my skin still hydrated after washing my face
my boyfriend even noticed my skin looked more hydrated
my skin feels so plump
that's the only cleanser at sephora that's truly optimized for dry
i love it because of the way it is naturally made with safe ingredients
leaves my face feeling moisturized
leaves my skin feeling nourished
it is super-cleansing and refreshing.
leaves my face feeling clean
cleanses well without making my skin feel dry or tight
this leaves my face feeling so clean
it cleanses my skin to the point where it feels clean
my cheeks felt smooth
thoroughly cleanses my makeup
leaves my skin feeling clean but never tight.
this cleanses without leaving my face feeling tight
my face feels clean
thus, i feel like my skin looks dull and drained.
it's very minimal and clean smelling.
good cleanser to make your skin feel clean
leaves the skin feeling fresh
its perfect it makes my skin feel so clean
this product leaves your skin feeling clean
calms my skin without making it feel dry
the smell is very clean
it's really perfect for giving my face a refresh after a sweaty workout
after i use this cleanser my skin does feel a little tight
makes my face feel very clean
my skin is hydrated
it lathers up fairly well
it makes my fave feel super clean
my skin felt truly clean
keeps my skin smooth
it feels so clean
my face looks and feels so fresh and clean!
keeps my face matte all day long
the face wash leaves my skin incredibly smooth
gives the right hydration
i am so glad i did because skin is super hydrated again
more hydrating that way
my skin has feel a lot more supple
i think the aloe in it has been helping my red spots quite a bit as well
easy to massage into your skin
nice for combination skin without looking oily
made my skin so supple
you are left feeling moisturized
this moisturizer leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it leaves your skin fully hydrated
my skin feels fresh all day
the cream is very thick
i feel like it's so hydrating for my combo skin
it makes my skin feel so supple
not quite moisturizing enough for my super dry winter skin
it makes me feel like im nourishing my skin
making it super healthy
it makes my skin feel so hydrated soft
it stays hydrated for days
some moisturizers leave my skin feeling nice for a little
leaves my skin hydrated well.
after application, my face feels fresh and moist.
leaves the skin feeling super smooth
comfortable on the skin
my skin doesn't feel dry or overly moisturized.
my face feels like the skin of a baby
i appreciate that this hydrates my skin without being too heavy
truly pampers your skin this is the one
keeps my skin balanced.
i do feel like this helps to moisturize my skin without making it look oily
i just feel this gives more hydration in the winter months
hydrating under my eyes
i just look healthy with an even skin tone
it absorbs really quickly and feels so clean.
i felt a very very gentle tingle from the hyaluronic acid
leaves my skin feeling smooth.
lightweight while so moisturizing made me happy
i needed a moisturizer that made my skin more hydrated
it did help to calm redness
my skin still feels hydrated at the end of the day
hydrating without being heavy or greasy feeling.
it's not hygienic and its bulky to travel with.
my skin is normally calm
i felt my skin is smoother
my skin is smooth
my skin looks smoother
my skin just looked fresher
damp skin helps it glide on better
this is the kind of serum that makes you look awake in the morning
just makes my complexion look smooth
doing yoga 6 times a week healthy
definitely no red meat healthy
my skin feels so smooth after using!
it leaves my skin tauter
this covers the redness sooooo well
this summer it matches my skin tone perfectly
while still keeping my natural freckles
my face feel super smooth
but i love how hydrating it was.
i would make sure that skin is thoroughly moisturized before use
it's also way too warm toned
it blends perfectly into my skin
i always look badly sunburned.
it definitely covers my redness
it covers the redness perfectly.
matches my skin perfectly
when worn with foundation the look is flawless
really helps with redness
my skin was so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling so smooth
the skin feels clean.
leaves your skin feeling clean
it leaves my skin soft and hydrated.
i am convinced that since this has coconut oil infused in this that it really helps with the growth of my lashes
after a thorough rinse my skin feels healthy
skin feels so clean and hydrated after using.
it also leaves my dry skin feeling hydrated
it leaves your skin hydrated
this product leaves my skin looking
it leaves my skin feeling clean & hydrated.
the cotton pad was pretty much clean
or maybe it's extremely hydrated
your skin is left feeling hydrated
leaves it feeling hydrated
when using this product my skin truly feels clean
i've noticed that my skin is clean--
my skin is so soft and finally hydrated.
i love how thoroughly it cleans my face of all makeup
before to feel really clean i was using makeup wipes
leaves my face feeling hydrated
i've found this primer to be the perfect amount of hydration without being slippery
it makes my skin feel so smooth.
it keeps me matte
leaves the skin feeling
feels so smooth on the face
definitely helps with my oily skin
it helps my makeup go on smooth
my skin looks smooth as well.
it worked well on my super oily skin.
this itcosmetics eye cream soothes my underyes
it really helps with my under eye puffiness
it also also very hydrating!
this so far has been hydrating
i love how hydrating it is
it sinks into my skin amazingly
my skin is hydrated
my under eye skin feels and looks super hydrated.
it wears well under make up i just wish it was a little more moisturizing
it is so hydrating
it hydrates my under eye area so well.
it seems to smooth out skin under the eye.
while it's way to early to notice any improvement it is very hydrating
makes my dry skin feel plump
moisturized from morning to night
makes the skin look healthier
super hydrating without the greasy feel
my skin looks hydrated
it's a pretty thick cream
it's super super hydrating
this moisturizer doesn't make my skin feel thick
hydrated it's making your skin
pores minimized, skin hydrated, soft and supple.
all i have experienced is beautifully moisturized skin
my skin is hydrated and glowing!
hydrated my skin felt immediately after applying
rejuvenated my skin looked
my skin felt the most hydrated it had ever been
this stuff hydrated my skin
it's definitely helped hydrate my skin
it seems to calm it.
leaves my skin smooth
my skin feels so smooth
goes on so beautifully under my it cc cream as well
makes my skin feel moisturized and comfortable.
i've noticed since using this cream that my skin is super supple
not so hydrating that it breaks me out
was in need of a good winter moisturizer
definitely makes my skin smooth.
this cream is exceptionally hydrating
the texture is very smooth and thick.
for me it's been ultra hydrating
my skin is so soft and hydrated.
awesome results... skin is hydrated and glowing.
my skin is so hydrated
my skin looks and feels smooth, not oily at all.
hydrated just after one night of using this
a little goes a long way in making my face feel moisturized
my face stays moisturized all day
my skin feels hydrated
keeps my skin feel dewy and elastic all day.
my skin is smoother
this is the only one i've used that makes my skin feel moisturized the whole day
my skin feels well hydrated in the morning
leaves my skin really smooth
this cream leaves my skin feeling hydrated without feeling greasy or oily
it left my skin so smooth
it feels like it's healing my skin.
this stuff is very nice and moisturizing.
supple, firm, smooth, porelesss, healthy face.
very dewy and you can feel it on your skin.
my skin is smoother
it works amazingly for chaffed skin after shaving
it keeps the moisture in my skin.
it keeps my skin moisturized and even toned.
it has really helped calm my post acne redness down
it is incredibly hydrating
hydrated love this product helps my makeup stay on
my skin just looks healthy
my skin is so moisturized
super calming for your mind
my skin is naturally rough
although my skin is oily this keeps it balanced
i can feel my skin calming as i put this on.
my skin is moisturized
this cream helped to calm my skin
the included spatula makes getting the product feel more hygienic
keeps my skin hydrated
not so sure about toning redness
it immediately feels comforting to the skin
it makes my skin carlm and healthy so quickly.
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
it helps calm the redness on my skin
left my skin hydrated
my skin still feels hydrated after leaving it on over night
this is so hydrating
helps keep my skin hydrated over time
it definitely soothes my skin when it's red from dryness
so finding a good moisturizer that meets my skin
sinks in quickly while leaving a supple finish
it plumps my lips and is pretty moisture going.
it helps calm my skin a little when it's red
now feels extremely hydrated
actually hydrated for once
it is very hydrating
e the product on my face very well without it feeling thick on my skin
it feels comforting on my skin.
i find it very calming for my skin.
leaves skin looking very dewy
my skin tone looks super even
leaves my skin looking smooth
my skin always feels moisturized
the consistency is pretty thick
it is pretty thick
still leaves you looking natural
pretty much eliminates my redness
make my skin so dewy
it covers, soothes and blends very well.
my cheeks are pretty pink
also keeps my skin hydrated without being too oily
my skin tone is ok
it works so well to take the redness out of my skin
it makes me look so natural and glowy.
leaves my skin with a matte finish.
it helps even my skin tone
that is my skin
make sure to moisturize before
my skin felt so smooth and clean after!
has my skin both feeling
it washes of very clean
a cool smooth gel like texture that turns to an oil cleansing wash
plus it leaves my skin feeling so smooth.
leaves your skin smooth
well hydrated after using this clearing oil balm
it feels soothing rubbing it in
leaves the skin smooth like a baby's
i love this product it leaves my face feeling slightly moisturizer afterwards
instead your skin feels smooth
it did make my super sensitive eyes uncomfortable a bit after cleaning my waterproof mascara
this is not a fast skin cleanser
skins feels really clean
it cleaned my face perfectly :
in fact it feels really hydrated and soft!
it will leave your skin feeling hydrated
skin feels great before i cleanse.
i finish up with a acne cleanser that is extremely drying
my skin feels very clean
the skin needs to extra moisture to rehydrate
leaves my face feeling clean
leaves my face with a smooth hydrated feeling
i worried about the oily feel.
i put a little warm water after i massaged it into my face thorougly
leaves my skin hydrated
it leaves the skin feeling smooth
that was very relaxing.
it fits in perfectly with my shower routine!
my skins feels blissfully clean
my skin was left hydrated
it made my skin feel comfortable and moisturized.
feels like it's really deeply moisturizing
i instantly went from crocodile skin to baby soft/smooth hydrated skin
hydrated my skin felt
us oily girls need some hydration too
hydrating and leaves my skin glowing!!
my skin felt really nourished
skin is soothed and hydrated.
it seemed to help my skin look more refreshed
keeps my skin feeling nice smooth and motorized.
my skin looked refreshed
refreshed in the morning
just the right amount of hydration
very nourishing on my skin
totally the best hydrating cream
it makes my skin smoother
makes my skin feel very hydrated without being greasy
it provides enough moisture that i wake up with hydrated skin
my skin is hydrated
this does the job during the day of nourishing my skin
made from all natural ingredients it's very light weight
it leaves a dewy healthy look while hydrating the skin
supple without any breakouts
neck are already well hydrated
instantly my skin felt really soft & hydrated.
it also moisturizes well
this has helped my skin get moisturized
it is a thicker moisturizer that feels great at night
my skin feels hydrated
i always sleep with a sleep mask or thicker cream
my skin feels amazing and smooth and energized.
my face feels refreshed when applying the creme
it is so lightweight and refreshing.
my makeup blended perfectly with it
swear my skin looks smoother with
farmacy beauty sleep tight balm
my skin felt hydrated
my skin stays hydrated
my face has never been so hydrated and supple.
it wasn't hydrating enough for my dry/dehydrated/stressed skin
the next morning my skin was more hydrated
i wake up feeling moisturized
really does a great job of hydrating your skin
pure nilotica melt nourishing balm-to-oil: it is an excellent natural skincare product that gave me a fantastic touch every night giving me a new magic sensation every morning with organic ingredients that heal my skin during my sweet sleep
given my skin a balanced hydration that’s hard to maintain between seasons
my skin felt smoother
it absorbs right into skin to moisturize
this balm felt nourishing
it melts really nicely into a smooth balm
this is so nourishing
leave my skin incredibly moisturized when i wake up
it absorbs quickly, but it isn't very hydrating.
really refreshes the eye
i love how cool the applicator feels against my tired eye area
my skin was already hydrated after just one use
moisturized without feeling greasy
it leaves my skin completely moisturized
my skin feels tight
my skin feels baby smooth the morning after
it really is a beauty sleep cream.
i wake up hydrated.
after massaging it in went to bedwoke up having more supple skin
i love this stuff it helps calm redness
the skin immediately felt so nourished
it gives you this look of supple
found it moisturized really well
my skin tone is evening out so nicely
it glides really well on the skin
i wasn't feeling moisturized enough by my cleanser or moisturizer
my super dry skin has never felt more moisturized
my skin always looks plump
clean feeling that hydrates the skin
my skin felt moisturized
leaves my skin feeling clean
keeps hydrated throughout the night
the powder is pretty good its leaves my skin very clean
my skin stays moisturized
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it helps really smooth my skin
even as you are rinsing the hardened clay off you can feel how incredibly smooth your skin is about to be
my skin feels so hydrated
i also use it on no makeup days because it gives a nice hydrated glow
is pretty thick in texture
gives the perfect amount of hydration to my sensitive
really leaves the skin feeling refreshed
my face feels smooth
the cleansing oil at first felt too greasy
my skin feels comfortable afterwards
my skin feels smooth
it is so soothing
leaves your face feeling really clean.
it just feels so clean and fresh.
smooth my skin looks
i like the texture and how smooth it is!
this is a very thick cream
my skin feels soft and hydrated.
the moisturizer is very thick
hydrated without being oily
keeps it hydrated all day
it gives me that supple look without being sticky or greasy
dehydrated skin so this sounded perfect for me
because my skin is so dehydrated
this is my "go to" product for hydrating skin that has been exposed to the elements
it's also great for post flight dehydrated skin.
love the clean ingredients too.
healthy looking in the morning
now this stuff is amazingly emollient
the cream is very thick
have been using it as my night time moisturizer because my skin feels so smooth
you're left with a perfectly moisturized face ready for make up
my skins so moisturized and glowy.
even when i wake up my skin is still supple with no clogged pores
still feel moisturized or lather it on
hydrate my skin as much as i can
it absorbs pretty well
it keeps my skin perfectly hydrated
this one keeps my face feeling super hydrated
it also definitely helps with super dry skin
my face feels so dewy
hydrated without feeling greasy
keep the face well hydrated
rich texture that hydrates very fast
it helps your skin breathe all day
it feels very clean
the mud bar is just enough exfoliation to keep my skin soft
rinses off very clean
it keeps your face perfectly balanced
remember to moisturize well after.
leaves my skin feeling so clean
as long as i moisturized well this wasn't an issue
it cleans your skin very well.
at first i thought the detoxifying oil was weird especially since my skin is already oily
my skin feels so clean
it seems to be breathing as hydrating to the face to them
my face feels very fresh after using
the bar did lather pretty well
the duo makes my skin feel so fresh
it really lather up nicely
my skin does feel detoxed
it left it feeling refreshed.
it leaves my face feeling smooth
it feels more like a hydrating gel.
your skin feels extra clean
skin felt so smooth and refreshed after using.
it leaves my skin super clean
my skin felt smoother
it cleansed really well
i can feel my skin is a lot cleaner
my pimples cool down a bit
it keeps my face hydrated
my skin felt clean afterwards
the cleansing bar leaves skin feeling so clean without feeling super dry
it still feels hydrated at the same time
this cleansing duo left my skin feeling refreshed
gets my skin super clean
this really cleansed my pores
my skin feels clean
erno laszlo keeps my face feeling hydrated
it left my skin feeling so smooth
this product leaves my skin feeling smooth
ready for your oils
lather the bar with warm water
results: the duo cleanse felt great!
your face feels clean
it is super simple to rinse off
it did feel like it took the impurities of my skin
made my face feel very clean
tingle a bit for that extra clean feeling
it has left my skin smooth
as soon as i moisturize all is well, though.
this leaves my skin feeling nice and smooth
i like my skin to be hydrated
the bar was exfoliating without being too harsh on my skin
my face feels so clean
it still gives you a deep clean that leaves skin very fresh feeling
it left my skin very clean
soap bar combo really create this great balance of deep hydrating
cleansing that leaves a great clean feeling without that dry tight feeling some detoxifying cleansers leave
clean this gets my skin
you definitely are left feeling detoxified.
it felt refreshed and so clean after using it.
it felt refreshed and so clean after using it.
my skin felt smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it really cleanses my skin
my skin feels so clean
surprisingly it left my skin feeling clean
makes my skin feel smooth
this formula might be better suited for oily skin
i really enjoying the hydrate bar
it left my skin feelin clean
my skin feels super soft and much more hydrated.
hydrated without being dewy or slimy feeling
leaves your skin feeling super clean without that tight feeling
i love the fact that the duo leaves my face hydrated
it does a good job hydrating
usually my face feels stripped of all hydration after washing it
this duo is great for keeping your skin hydrated
that is when i really noticed how moisturized my skin had become
it keeps my skin glowy
oil to leave skin feeling hydrated
it makes your skin feel hydrated and nice.
it was nourishing for already clear skin
makes your skin feel very smooth
my skin felt hydrated overall
it leaves my face super clean
made it feel clean
hydrated every last pore
leaving the skin feeling hydrated
when i started using this it brought hydration to my life my skin feels beautiful
it makes my skin look
after my skin felt hydrated
my face feels clean and smooth when i am done.
my skin is very clean
it cleansed my skin thoroughly
left it feeling so hydrated
great for this upcoming winter months to keep your skin hydrated
hydrated without feeling greasy or tight
my skin looks smoother and feels refreshed!
this way of cleaning my face leaves my face moisturized
my skin is amazingly soft and so hydrated.
hydration for my skin when it tends to get dull
starting first with the oil then the soap my skin has felt more hydrated
my skin feels clean
it was hydrating without being oily
the bar get a great lather
i like how the bar cleanses the skin
this set is definitely good for hydrating your skin
feels so nourishing as your skin sucks up the moisture
my skin is smoother
softer it just feels clean
it definitely does hydrate my skin!
left my skin feeling very nourished
my skin was visibly hydrated
since using this i have had hydrated
i still feel moist
i felt that the oil was very hydrating
my pores feel cleaner
the dry patches on my face feel deeply hydrated
it lathers up so nicely
the cleansing oil makes my skin feel so supple
my skin felt clean
it keeps everything clean
it left my face feeling very smooth.
it’s a pretty good gentle cleanser
the soap leaves my skin feeling nice
the bar lathers perfectly to cleanse
it leaves your skin feeling very clean without the stripped down feeling
this product lathered very well
left my skin very moisturized
leaves my face feeling super smooth with no oil residue
supple after using this product
i want to say my skin feels more supple
my skin feels cleaner
the soap bar not only hydrated
cleanses everything off nicely
left my skin feeling smooth
leaves my skin smooth and clean
i can feel a difference while the oil cleanser cleans
clean my skin feels
this really helps to clean my face without irritation
it leaves my skin feeling clean
you feel refreshed after use
my face felt much smoother and refreshed.
the cleansing oil is very gentle to the skin
leaving my skin feeling very fresh
leaves my face smooth
i am loving this product my skin looks very healthy
made my skin so hydrated
it makes my skin super soft and hydrated!
leaves you that smooth
left it feeling moisturized
it left my face feeling clean and refreshed.
my skin feels super clean afterwards
the smell of oil is very smooth
smooth my skin felt after
i really like that you use the cleansing oil prior to the cleansing bar that's what keeps my skin so moisturized
in the morning my skin looked nice and calm.
hydrating during the transition into winter
this product made my skin so smooth!
my skin was clean
left my skin super clean
it leaves my face feeling moisturized
it really gives my skin that healthy glow
and my face feels super clean!
i've always felt like my skin is dryer after cleansing
my skin felt tight
it left me skin feeling refreshed and smooth.
it's soothes and clears my skin.
it really improves the redness of my skin.
it gives me a soothing feeling after i cleaned my face
i feel like it's helping with soothing the redness
my skin feels hydrated afterwards
this product cleans my skin so well.
my face feels so smooth
t physically exfoliates when you wash it off
it makes my skin so smooth.
my skin is hydrated
it really refreshes my skin
the skin around my eyes feels plumper
i've never used a eye cream that hydrates so nicely
i did notice that it hydrated my under eyes
leaves my skin moisturized.
it provides amazing hydration to the eye area
i kept going back to the shisheido benefiance bc it is the most hydrating
leaves my combo skin so smooth and clean.
leaves my skin feeling cleansed
i've used so many cleansers trying to find one that leaves my skin hydrated
finally a cleanser gentle enough for me to use.
my skin is clear and smooth.
it keeps my skin moisturized during the winter even without moisturizer
it makes my skin feeling very smooth
i do feel my skin texture improved
hydrates well enough that my dry skin in that area feels pretty darn good
my skin looks fresher
my face feels so smooth
it's soft and supple and the sores are healing!
my skin is really thin.
i really love to use this on my cuticles
it's super thick and hydrating as promised.
s focusing on my dry cuticles making them look alot better
after just one night my skin is noticeably moisturized which never happens
my skin is instantly moisturized
it leaves my skin looking softer and more glowy.
it hydrated my skin while leaving a beautiful
it left my skin feeling smooth
it doesn't seem very moisturizing to be honest
it makes my skin feel clean and tight.
prepped my skin perfectly for my powder foundation
healthy looking skin that i'm in love with
i would consider it a really hydrating
it makes my skin look healthy .
it makes my skin feel hydrated
it also made my skin feel so hydrated
it gives a healthy-looking
it gives my face a healthy skin look under my makeup
good hydration for my combo skin.
it makes your eyes feel so hydrated
makes your concealer go on way smoother
it's super light weight
it really moisturizes my under eye area
i noticed that this lancome eye balm helps my eyes look refreshed
makes my under eye area feel very moisturized
leaving the eye contour perfectly smooth
it corrects wrinkles and my skin is refreshed.
makes me feel refreshed
i really liked the cream the texture its smooth non oily
nicely hydrating for the under eye.
made a very nice canvas for concealer
this eye balm is hydrating and absorbs quickly.
leaves my eyes feeling nourished
a perfectly primed canvas for under eye makeup
my eyes felt more hydrated
my skin feels smooth
it is very hydrating
this really help to moisturize
it makes the eye area feel hydrated
kept the skin under my eyes hydrated.
my undereye area looks so smooth
this eye cream is very hydrating
did feel that my eye area was more hydrated
it is a great way to hydrate your eyes at bed time
this eye cream was very hydrating
my skin was smoother
my skin still feels very hydrated
my concealer sits amazingly well on top of it
it is hydrating as well!
this is so hydrating!
hydrated the sensitive area around my eyes
it is very hydrating
it feels really light weight
best to use before bed since it has pretty thick texture
this moisturizer really helps to hydrate the under eye area all day
this really helped to smooth out puffiness
makes my undereye hydrated
my skin is looking fresh
when i put it on, it felt pretty hydrating.
after about 20-30 seconds i started to feel a warm tingling sensation
i did enjoy the lightweight cream
it really kept my skin hydrated and supple.
my skin felt hydrated all day as well as smooth
my skin feels smoother and more hydrated.
my skin was so smooth
i truly feel it helps my skin feel hydrated
airy texture left my skin so hydrated
although i am 50+ i feel it helps the elasticity in my skin
my skin often reacts poorly to really hydrating face creams
it really smoothes my skin and hydrates.
my face looked so fresh and healthy.
just overnight my face is more moisturized
i find this does a perfect job at keeping my skin hydrating
my skin has never been smoother or more hydrated
it is more hydrated now
still manages to be very hydrating
it makes your skin feel hydrated
it made my skin feel hydrated
my face was extremely supple!
it makes your skin feel like satin
my skin is so smooth
my skin feels plump
my skin feels so plump
my makeup applied very nicely over it
it makes the face moisturized, glowy and smooth.
if you add this underneath a foundation it feels so weightless
it gives you that healthy luminosity back to your face
it really is soothing to the skin
i get very oily throughout the day
my skin feels smooth
want my skin to look smooth
leaves the skin feeling smooth
it moisturizes my combination skin without feeling greasy in louisiana summer
this left my skin feeling hydrated even after initial application
this was so hydrating!
skin looks very hydrated
i love the smell and the cooling feel of it.
keeps my skin moisturized
hydrated surface for my skin before i put on foundation
this product is very hydrating
this is nice moisturizer for the morning routine
smells nice to and is hydrating.
my skin looks smooth
this feels sooo hydrating
not only is it very hydrating
keeps my skin hydrated for hours
makes your skin feel hydrated
it is so hydrating
was really needing an extra hydrating primer
it's super light weight
my makeup sits so nicely on it
this primer makes my makeup look fresh
it looks so natural
leaves skin feeling refreshed
it makes my face feel fresh
my skin feels refreshed
left my face feeling cool
it is so soothing
the coconut one feels so hydrating
cleans my skin well.
leaves my skin super refreshed
so the rose does a great job of keeping me hydrated
it leaves my skin so moisturized.
my skin feels so fresh
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my skin feels super clean
leaves my skin clean
it's so great for hydrating
leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling clean
feels comfortable on the skin.
it leaves your skin smooth
i felt like it cleans my pores
these cleansing creams are really nice!!!
leaves your skin super smooth
i feel like cleansing balms can be unsanitary so this is the perfect balance between the two
my skin feels clean
giving me a healthy quenched soft feel all over my face
this worked amazingly well for my super dry skin
it leaves my skin feeling extremely supple
this face wash feels like a drink of water
felt throughly clean after using this
left my skin super smooth
feels super smooth after using it
i don't feel like it will keep my skin moisturized throughout the day
this product goes beautifully under foundation or just as a moisturizer for oily skin
very soothing and calms irritation.
this mask quite literally calms my skin
this feels like it really hydrates your skin
this calms my face nicely
really helps with people like my skin who tend to over exfoliate
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my skin is always smoother
my acne looks calmer.
my skin felt plump, and hydrated.
after about 2 minutes of applying i felt a soothing cooling sensation
my skin felt hydrated
my skin looked instantly more calm
left my skin feeling nice and smooth!
this keeps my skin extremely hydrated
it moisturizes my skin without making it greasy
so hydrating it completely eliminates my oiliness
it's water light and super hydrating.
this cream really does hydrate the skin 100%
this is a great new moisturizer that truly does quench dry skin
the cream is so smooth
my skin feels so fresh
my face feels refreshed and not sticky at all!
it leaves my face feeling refreshed
wake up to happy moisturized skin
it feels so cool on the skin
i sweat it off so this cooling gel is the perfect solution for me
it keeps my skin hydrated
i find staying hydrated really helps
it actually hydrates despite feeling like water.
hydrated specially in these cold days plus it works good with sensitive skins for me i like using it after shower
my combo/oily skin has never been so balanced
it moisturized from the inside out
it helps keep my skin refreshed
after using this product i feel my skin more supple
makes your skin feel healthy
this product definitely keeps my skin supple
makes me feel moisturized
the texture is so light weight
this made my skin feel smooth
it's not hydrating or creamy enough to use on its own
feels so smooth on your skin
moisturizes my dry skin wonderfully
t's perfectly prepped for makeup
my skin still looks fresh
makes my skin look
my skin is thirsty
if you want a kick start to hydrate your skin
this feels fresh on the skin
it feels so cool
made my skin feel hydrated and amazing!
it keeps my skin hydrated all day.
it makes my face feel super moisturized
my skin felt moisturized
it's a lightweight formula that absorbs fast onto your skin for supple looking skin
"you look really refreshed."
my skin was hydrated the entire time
my face felt moisturized in the morning
this one i feel is more hydrating
just makes my skin more hydrated
ill still finish this moisturizer
makes your skin feel so fresh and moisturized!
my face is still moisturized
i've had a really hard time finding a moisturizer that actually works to keep my dry spots moisturized
this works to keep me moisturized all around
feels light while super hydrating my skin
i can feel a difference in my skins hydration
my face is so smooth
it makes my skin feel hydrated without being too shiny
really moisturizes your skin
it moisturizes my skin without making me break out
t makes my skin feel so smooth
keeps me moisturized all day
it leaves my skin extremely hydrated without being heavy or greasy
it keeps you moisturized for hours on end
it works perfectly on my face
rather stays feeling clean
it's a very light weight moisturizer that is perfect for before makeup
it make you face feel hydrated
my nose is completely moisturized
hydrated which it hasn't been in a while
leaves my skin feeling hydrated and fresh.
i can instantly feel the hydration.
once i applied this to my face it then felt moisturized
i don't feel as if it hydrates for 72 hours
hydrated i use it at night before bed
gives my skin the perfect amount of hydration
it leaves my skin so hydrated
glides on perfectly not overly thick or greasy.
this leaves my face leaving nourished without making it feel greasy
it leave my skin feeling so smooth
the lotion leaves my skin feeling supple
this leaves you feeling moisturized without a heavy oily feeing
think that it hydrates well
moisturized the spots i applied it to without making me greasy
no moisturizer has managed to keep the dry areas of my skin hydrated
it somehow makes it less oily than without a moisturizer while also hydrating my dry areas
this stuff has my face so hydrated
my skin feels so hydrated
my skin feels very hydrated
my skin looks supple and younger too.
i feel very hydrated wearing this
makes my skin look flawless
it feels greasy even with powder to set the foundation
my skin was hydrated
it is so smooth; not that thick silicone feeling.
my skin also felt hydrated
so i get a very oily face throughout the day.
makes my skin feel refreshed rather than dry
keeps skin looking fresh
my skin always feels very clean
i get very oily throughout the day
it's been pretty good at mattifying my oily face
keeps me matte all day!
not very hydrating will work better
your foundation is mattifying you will be too matte looking
makes your face cool
powders make me look/feel a little dry
i feel how it leaves my skin feeling very refreshed
i stay matte all day long
it keeps me matte
refreshed after using this
though it does get a healthy lather
my skin is clean
my skin is balanced
leaves my skin feeling clean
warm it between your fingertips
though it really helps to hydrate
was enough to keep my face moisturized
i also felt my skin clean
my face looks so smooth
leaves my skin super moisturized the next day.
my skin is smooth
clean feeling without that feeling of being overly stripped
my skin feels smooth
my skin feels pretty smooth
my skin feels refreshed afterwards
leaves my skin so smooth!
it leaves my skin so smooth!
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this helps clean out my pores
my skin felt so clean
also makes my feel super fresh
it leaves my skin so smooth
i can feel it firming my face
makes your skin feel newly hydrated
it leaves your skin soft and well hydrated.
it feels hydrating from the moment i put it on with no greasy
after rinsing my skin stays very hydrated
i found this mask to be very hydrating even the day after
it is extremely soothing and hydrating.
my face was so firmed, bright and hydrated.
left my skin hydrated
it makes me feel so refreshed and re-born!
face gets smooth and fresh.
my skin is so smooth
i always follow it with a really intense hydrating sleeping pack
tingly mask that you know is working
especially if my pores feel clogged
my skin is so smooth after
leaves my skin smooth
this weekly facial makes my skin feel so smooth
immediately felt skin's texture was super smooth
immediately after my skin feels so smooth
my skin looks tight
i awake to skin that looks better than if i had an extraction facial
it feels pleasant washing it off to feel your new bouncy skin
you absolutely have to moisturize after washing it off
so this didn't feel as tingly
my face feels baby smooth
my skin is perfectly hydrated
my skin felt so smooth
my skin felt very smooth
my skin is so smooth
made my skin very smooth
overall gave my skin a healthy
my skin looks younger
i make sure to follow up with either a hyper moisturizing face mask or a really hydrating face oil
my skin feels amazingly smooth!
not only is this peel comfortable to wear
my skin feels so smooth
my makeup lays so nicely today
my skin is smoother
all my breakouts are flat all my texture gone my skin is smooth
it made my skin feel baby smooth
it cleanses really nicely
it leaves my skin feeling
you still feel the moisturizer on the face
it is safe to use on your eyes which is nice because it can double as a facial moisturizer
the texture is really smooth and easy to apply.
this product is so cool
my skin feels so hydrated
assure you i am not well rested
leaves my skin very smooth in the morning.
my skin is super smooth and moisturized!
it leaves the skin hydrated
leaves my skin something like a healthy matte finish
nice lightweight summer moisturizer that is also cooling
this is super smooth underneath those products
no greasiness yet thoroughly hydrates my whole face
this moisturizers amazing not oily at all your face feels fresh
it really leaves my face feeling hydrated
moisturized without any oily feeling
my skin in the morning is moisturized
it works perfectly under makeup.
my skin feels soothed all day long
this oil makes my skin feel
my skin feels very moisturized every time i use this
my skin feels smooth
makes me look hydrated and moisturized.
my skin feels hydrated
wow skin looks so healthy smooth
this made my skin super hydrated and smooth .
it has a thicker texture which i really like for my skin
my skin feels very hydrated
feels lightweight on your skin
leaves it feeling hydrated
my face is so smooth
it feels super hydrating
definitely wasn't the most hydrating for my dry/combination skin
my skin being more smooth
in the contrary it leaves my skin super moisturised
dry skin nicely moisturized
it left me skin smooth
uneven skin was hydrated
my face felt pretty moisturized
leave my skin smooth
us this if you want glowy hydrated skin.
ceo leaves skin supple and smooth.
this leaves the skin so smooth
my skin is so moisturized
it keeps my skin hydrated
moisturized for long hours
my skin is so smooth.
leaving my face feeing supple
it leaves my skin feeling incredibly smooth
super lightweight but incredibly hydrating.
i skin feels balanced
woke up with supple
my skin feels super moisturized
truly moisturized after using it
my skin looks brighter and nourished.
supple without feeling greasy
my skin is looks
gives a very glowy/healthy effect
my face does look healthy
my makeup goes on super smooth
it is so hydrating your skin still feels soft at the end of the day
my skin felt almost constantly moisturized
it is so hydrating
absorbs to leave your skin smooth
made it look very supple
hydrated which is difficult to find for an oily skin moisturizer
this moisturizer is very thick
my skin looks visibly smoother
my face gets so hydrated from ceo-
immediately after using my skin felt super hydrated
you immediately feel super hydrated
gives it that feeling of moisture whenever i use it
this moisturizer is perfect for my dehydrated
truly leaves skin feeling clean.
my skin is healthier
makes my skin look fresh
leaves skin feeling moist
leaves my face feeling hydrated
my face softer/hydrated
has a very clean scent
it's difficult to find a cleanser that makes the skin feel really clean without it feeling dehydrated
my skin feels clean after using it
it's a very gentle gel cleanser that makes a soft lather
it left my skin feeling clean
it's refreshing and cleanses well!
the formula cleanses extremely gently
i only gave this 4 stars because it is extremely hydrating
this cleanser is definitely gentle
leaves my skin smooth
scent is very clean.
this cleanser feels pretty gentle
my skin is tight
it leaves my skin feeling actually hydrated after my 2nd cleanse
you get that replenished hydrating feeling when ur all squeaky clean
makes my skin feel refreshed and tight.
my favorite thing about skin laundry is how hydrated my skin feels after use
it still provides a decent lather
my face feels so clean
it leaves my skin feeling so clean
my face feels refreshed especially when i pair it with toner
i think the term hydrating can be a bit misleading
this cleanser really does make my skin feel clean
every cleanser or face wash i use always leaves my skin feeling tight
face felt completely hydrated
oil leaving skin clean refreshed
my face always feels so refreshed
my face feels clean
this translates to full coverage hydrating dewy foundation that looks like i'm not wearing foundation at all
i wake up with beautifully hydrated skin.
my skin is so smooth
it really helps acne scars
my skin felt smooth
i feel moisturized deep down
in 2 days my skin is hydrated
supple when i use this
you can feel the molecules soaking in
my skin now is very healthy
this soft creme is great for my combination skin in the winter to keep it moisturized
this makes my skin feel so plump
la mer is incredibly hydrating
it isn't as healthy looking
somewhat cooling texture that feels amazing
when i get up my skin is beautifully moisturized
keeps my under eye area moisturized
keeps my under eye hydrated
my skin is looking healthy
it leaves my skin feeling healed and healthy.
left our skin feeling tight
it is so healing!
skin glowing and looks very healthy.
it leaves me skin so smooth
it compliments my skin care regimen amazingly
my makeup goes on perfectly
it makes my skin so smooth.
hydrated after using it
i've found that it leaves my skin feeling very hydrated
this one gives me smooth skin
makes my skin look matte
it still works nicely over moisturizer
it just feels like a very light moisturizer.
t doesn't feel slippy especially that i have oily skin
it leaves your makeup looking flawless!
this product makes your skin look flawless.
keeps your skin matte
makes skin look flawless
it makes the skin look matte
when i put my fingers over my skin it feels like there is lightweight baby powder on my skin which is a nice feeling
keeps it feeling matte
'm kinda obsessed with this shiseido ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
my skin stayed matte all day
love how it makes my skin look, fresh and clean.
makes my skin look flawless
i really liked my ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
it does smooth out the appearance of your complexion
my oils always break through
it has a very lightweight lotion texture
it feels refreshing on the skin as well!
makes my skin look poreless!
your skin will look flawless
because it fills your pores it definitely gives off a smooth flawless finish
sometimes i'll wear moisturizer on top of the smart filtering smoother to give me a dewy complexion
also make sure you have properly moisturized skin before using this
your skin will feel
my skin is very oily so this product provided the perfect balance
keeping my skin looking fresh
while making your skin smooth
this makes my skin look/feel so matte
it makes your skin looking flawless
makes my skin super matte
since i i started using this has worked wonders on my skin keeping my skin hydrated
the way to use this is either during the last steps of skin care or over your base makeup the magic of this stuff is that it fills skin surfaces with moisture by keeping them super hydrated
it leaves my skin really smooth
give you more of a matte finish to your skin
it's definitely smoothing with a matte finish.
super light weight and smooth to the touch.
it makes me look super smooth
my skin is super smooth and supple.
the serum goes on incredibly smooth
it makes my skin so smooth
i wake up moisturized and glowing.
my skin still feels hydrated in the morning when i wake up
feels super light on my skin
felt my skin is smoother
feels great on skin and glides on smoothly.
woke up with more hydrated
my skin feels softer & cleaner.
it's very calming on the skin
it's very gentle on your skin
my skin feels clean
moisturized after each use
everything comes off with just a gentle massage
leaves my face feeling moisturized
this cleansing oil feels so lightweight
checkneed a cleanser that feels clean
not greasy but hydrating!
supple give him some of this
the minty/fresh feeling i get after washing my face is everything
my skin stays moisturized
very hydrating, no smell
ok first of all: this is to help with puffiness
the skin feels firmer
it's so refreshing and hydrating!
leaving it well hydrated
my skin is supple
my skin is smoother
it makes my skin look firmer
left my skin feeling smooth
hydrated skin without a breakout in sight
i am waking up feeling moisturized
as i have naturally quite oily skin
supple throughout the day
it keeps my skin supple
this oil helped to keep my skin moisturized
it keeps my skin hydrated and healthy.
this really is weightless
all around firmer feel
i am continuing to use this postpartum since it's so hydrating without being greasy
the oil is really good for oily skin
it very lightly hydrate skin without feelings to greasy like traditional oils
this feels light on the skin
that i put it on was instantly hydrated
have never felt more moisturized
my nose was completely moisturized after a couple days of use
perfect hydrator, feels very light on the skin
my under eyes feel moisturized
i needed an eye cream that actually moisturized
his skin looks smoother
i feel like it makes my skin smoother
helps the texture of my skin
so so hydrating, it feels so good on the skin.
it moisturizes your skin to prep your face perfectly for make up
light, yet hydrating with awesome sun protection.
really soothes my skin
still kept my skin well hydrated without it looking like a grease trap
if i feel like i need extra hydration
my skin is smooth and clear.
i love how smooth it makes my skin
it comes with a pump and foams perfectly.
my face was more hydrated
feels very hydrating without being heavy
the feel of it on the skin is fresh
i wake up with hydrated
feels light weight on the skin
kept me hydrated without feeling greasy
thick texture of the cream as i feel that it protects
my eyes appear refreshed
power eye cream is so fantastically smooth
my skin even feels firmer
this cream is smooth
i found that it made my under eyes very hydrated
power eye cream hydrates my skin around the eyes very well
it makes my skin feel smooth
a tighter more refreshed look
it is so hydrating under my eyes
i look refreshed in the morning
i feel comfortable without a full dose of eye makeup
hydrated the skin around my eyes
the eye cream is very smooth
the cream goes on very smooth
this eye cream hydrates enough without making my skin feel too oily
my under eye area looks healthier when i use this cream
it's very lightweight, but hydrating.
and this cream made them so hydrated and smooth.
love how refreshed my face feels after, too.
my skin is smoother
when my skin feels dull
it feels super clean after i wash.
makes my skin feel super clean
my pores feel so clean!
my skin is just smoother
my oiliness is definitely controlled
it foams nicely with water
this gives my skin a super clean
my face has never felt more refreshed than when i'm washing it with this cleanser
it keeps my skin smooth
this makes my skin feel so plump and clean.
and it makes me face feel so refreshed and clean.
my skin looks healthy
makes the skin feel tight
i feel like this cleanser
are really helping to control the oiliness
it makes my skin baby smooth
my face feels like it is extremely refreshed after using it
it leaves me feeling so fresh
it makes my face feel super clean after using it
it makes my skin feel clean
gives a cold fresh feeling
your face feels very clean after
really leaves my face feeling clean
this wash leaves my skin extremely clean.
leaves my skin clean
clean this product made me feel
it left my skin feeling very clean
when being massaged into the skin the cleanser will provide a minty-cool sensation-- i love that feeling
help me to feel refreshed
relaxed after a long day
it feels invigorating on the skin.
the refreshing feeling it gives my skin
it has a cooling effect that makes my face feel fresh
my skin does feel very clean afterwards
fresh texture leaves the face very clean of impurities
it definitely feels like it's purifying the skin!
the cleanser seems to be working well.
skin feels so balanced after.
i love how refreshed this cleanser makes my skin feel
this cleanser feels amazing on the skin!
after using it my skin definitely feels matte
it creates a very clean
peppermint scent to it so after cleansing it leaves you feeling refreshed
my skin can get very oily
left my skin feeling clean
it's a very smooth and gentle cleanser.
my skin felt refreshed every time i used it.
leaves your skin so fresh and clean!
this cleanser for sure cleans my skin
really love this balance oil control cleanser!
it develops a nice lather
it lathers up so well
i feel like i'm getting a deep clean with this product as it foams up very nicely :
this cleanser is so light and fresh.
i like my skin to feel hydrated
it helps me stay matte
it can be a bit tingly around the eyes
my face looks so healthy
it leaves my face feeling a little tingly
it definitely is more for people with oily skin.
it has a really cooling mint feeling after
the cool sensation makes me feel like i'm getting a spa-like deep pore clean every time
plus the contrast of cool then warm when cleansing just feels amazing
after using for a week my skin felt refreshed
i love that this product leaves my skin feeling clean
it makes my skin feel smooth
it lathers up really nicely
left skin skin feeling refreshed
my skin isn't overly dry from the cleaner to the toner- which is great
the cleanser made your face feel super clean after using it
how clean it makes my face feels
it makes my skin feel balanced
keeps me matte but also gives me a healthy glow!
it gave my skin a smooth
it works so well with my oily skin.
my skin feels hydrated
i stay matte throughout the day
tight like a mattifying moisturizer does in me
actually makes me skin feel moisturizer
my skin feels hydrated but not greasy.
it's still hydrating enough for my combination-oily skin
this product leaves my skin feeling refreshed
moisturised without feeling greasy
it leaves my face feeling smooth.
this is a great moisturizer if you have super oily skin
leaves the skin hydrated
it feels moisturized skin
it moisturizes while keep my skin in balance.
my skin can get pretty oily
its really important to hydrate your skin
is great for a matte layer under your makeup
it's feels like a fresh glass of water for my skin
for someone with very oily skin this gives a good amount of hydration without being too thick
especially moisturizers which can feel heavy on my skin
makes my skin feel hydrated
it works so nicely on my oily skin
keeps it hydrated with just enough moisture still left
my skin feels so hydrating
i would recommend to anyone with oily skin that still needs hydration
has a cooling feeling to it
it keeps my skin moisturized without feeling greasy or heavy
i personally don't like thicker moisturizers since my skin is pretty oily
i feel like it definitely smoothes my pores
keeps my face looking smooth
it has a very matte finish to it
it doesn’t feel heavy or like it’s moisturizing my face too much
my skin soaks it up nicely
just enough moisture to make my skin feel comfortable
i enjoy this moisturizer because it is light weight while delivering the right amount of hydration
this is a nice light moisturizer that absorbs quickly
my skin felt light and refreshed.
wow it sure does make a difference in brightening up my hyper pigmentation from acne
it definitely is hydrating
this cream is pretty thick
i love how hydrated my eyes looked when i used this cream
it feels like i'm hungover
this natural product keeps my eyes hydrated
makes my concealer look extremely smooth
for that reason it wears beautifully under makeup/concealer as well
this eye cream has kept my under eye area noticeably moisturized
within a week of using youth to the people's eye cream i noticed that the sensitive skin around my eyes was staying supple
nourished throughout the day
i love that the texture is fluid
my makeup goes on dewy and stays all day.
this cream is so light feeling
made my skin feel hydrated
my skin feels more hydrated
it makes my skin feel super smooth
most importantly kept me hydrated
while it makes your skin look moisturized it doesn't give off that dewy or glowy effect
it makes your skin look natural and healthy.
it looks so natural
looks like my skin
your skin is going to feel so moisturized
gives my skin moisture too
it was flawless my skin looked so hydrated
feels just like my moisturizer
i feel my skin "drinks it in"
it gives my skin life!
it moisturizers very nicely
even my dermatologist said my face is well moisturized
the hydration stays with me all day!
i've always had oilier skin
helps my eye makeup stay
it really feels hydrating
i believe it is more supple
leaves my eye area feeling more moisturized
it helps keep my under eye smooth
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
it does well for my skin tone
it's lightweight and goes on smooth.
my face feels smoother and looks more youthful.
my skin is very well moisturized
keeps my concealer looking perfect all day long
my eyes still feel moisturized in the morning
i so enjoy using this lightweight cream!
am happy with the amount of moisture it provides under my moisturizer
my skin looks healthy
this makes it feel so hydrated without feeling oily despite it being an oil
depending on the season find it really hard to keep it hydrated
it keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day
stays hydrated all day
the smooth feeling it gives your skin
it is so hydrating and makes my skin look great.
this makes my skin so smooth and hydrated.
my skin is so smooth
it keeps my lips so hydrated
my skin was smooth
moisturized my skin beautifully.
i find this elixir to be pretty oily
it leaves my skin feeling supple
it is so smooth
very hydrating and fast absorbing.
it gives it a perfect airbrush effect with the glow or i just use it as a moisturizer because it really does moisturize my skin very well
then it shows beautifully moisturised lips in the next shot?
it can make your skin very oily though!
i think it isnt a good pair with my bare minerals foundation
glowing skin that looks super healthy
i still have a need to moisturize them during the day
this has moisturized my skin the best
it was a perfect moisturizer if you want to achieve a dewy look
skin feels more plump
not only is my dry face a lot more hydrated it's helping with my skin texture
it gives my skin so much hydration
it makes my skin look smooth
my skin looks like baby skin
my makeup is smooth
the oils in this have completely helped the texture of my skin
silicony feel- it's weightless on
with or without makeup this gives a very healthy looking glow
my skin looks so bright and healthy.
it helps me when i contour.
it feels so smooth on your skin
felt it suited my skin
i think it's very hydrating
have noticed it keeps my face feeling hydrated even with makeup on
it is pretty oily
my skin is looking brighter and refreshed.
feel refreshed in the morning
leaves my skin feeling very clean
it feels very moisturized
my pores haven’t felt this declogged in ages
this definitely helps keep acne at bay
keeps skin feeling fresh
the oils can feel greasy
it cleanses the skin perfectly
leaves my skin feeling clean
once rinsed, your face feels fresh and clean.
my skin feels smooth
removes all makeup easily and felt hydrating.
with this my skin feels very clean after i use it
it rinses off really well
leaves my skin feeling supple after i rinse it off
my combo/dehydrated skin loves it so far
was a little nervous about the citrus oils bugging my skin
leaves my skin feeling so fresh
i felt so clean.
my skin always feels clean
making your skin feel super clean
i feel like it soothes my skin
it rinses really clean and cleanses really well.
rinse them really well
it also leaves your skin super hydrated without feeling oily
left my dry skin feeling hydrated
this seems to really heal my skin
it smells really clean.
rinses clean so much better
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it leaves my skin clean
it leaves skin clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
it rinses quite well
hydrated almost like i don't even need to moisturize afterwards
it's super lightweight feeling
it also leaves my skin feeling moisturized.
as well as keeps my skin hydrated!
leaves the skin feeling clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean yet moisturized.
this cleans every bit of makeup
it absorbs into the skin really nicely
it looks so natural on my skin
this feels like a gel
hydrated all day long
leaves a nice matte finish for most of the day.
a moisturizer that gives you the perfect amount of moisture without making you feel oily in the end
this is so lightweight that it worked perfectly
it helps make sure i don't get oily while still giving my skin moisture
it's a great, lightweight moisturizer.
my skin feels hydrated
smooth my face looks
i love knowing my skin is also protected from the sun because the last thing i need is a sunburn
it left my face feeling super hydrated
it's light weight but hydrating.
this product makes my skin feel hydrated
it is pretty thick in consistency
it does keep me hydrated
it leaves your eyes feeling hydrated
also eyeshadow sticks to it very well.
not the most hydrating
gives it an incredibly clean smooth feeling
my face feels fresh very clean.
my foundation looked so smooth!!!
i feel it helps control oil/shine on my chin
my skin looks and feels healthy.
makes my skin feel hydrated
it keeps my face hydrated all day
i feel hydrated and ready for the day!
my skin feels super smooth
moisturized all day long
the gel texture feels so lightweight.
it's light weight but very hydrating for me.
leaving your skin smooth
my skin is smooth
it is soothing and easy to rinse off.
i find that it calms and purifies my skin.
left my skin feeling fresh
so over the winter my pores have seemed pretty enlarged
my skin still feels super clean after without the harshness
my skin feels super smooth
your skin is so plump
plumps my skin and sooo hydrating.
i felt nourished and glowing, not greasy!
refreshed my skin looked
leaves my skin feeling clean
the oil to milk feature creates the perfect way to remove all make up on the face as well as leave it feeling hydrated
i don't feel this product makes my skin smoother or softer
the exfoliation is somewhat rough
it feels very refreshing on my skin
refines the texture of my skin quite nicely
it left my skin so super smooth
but it definitely does exfoliate so well.
dries to a comfortable "tight" pull to get all impurities out
my skin felt smoother after one use
my skin feels so smooth and clear after one use.
i also love that it helps balance my oily skin
is hydrating enough that i can use it as a night cream
it's super comfortable on my skin
i felt that this serum absorbed nicely
it leaves my skin clean
dissolves into a hydrating water into my skin for a lightweight
it makes my skin smooth
the feeling it leaves on your skin
i switched to the supple moisturizer last fall
it is so lightweight and hydrating.
it's clean and super hydrated.
this product makes my face feel smooth
my skin felt smooth
my face looks so calm
i feel like it leaves skin feeling hydrated
this mask didn't make my skin oily or overly moisturized
it just hydrated my skin
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
makes my skin look refreshed
keeps my skin nourished and moisturized all day!!
fast absorbing, leaves my face feeling smooth.
it's a comfy gel cleanser that's easy to foam
it cleanses my face perfectly
it keeps my skin clear
balances the tone of my skin
thoroughly cleanses the skin
it just feels like a thin gel like moisturizer!
this definitely helped my chapped skin around that area as well as moisturized the rest of my face
after adding this extra step of hydrating essence
it helps to leave my skin matte all day
this keeps me hydrated
it can keep hydration for the whole day
oil is controlled now that my skin is hydrated
my face is smooth
first time using this my skin felt so refreshed.
it just leaves a hydrated plumped feel to my skin
the only difference is the tatcha one leaves your skin feeling very soft as well as plump/hydrated
my skin was super dehydrated
super hydrating & very lightweight.
all in all it makes my skin feel supple
i needed something more hydrating
it's very light weight which is perfect for summer
keeps me matte all day
this is a nice lightweight moisturizer.
it has a gel consistency that feels super lightweight on the skin
it provides a good amount of moisture without making my skin feel greasy
provides a nice hydrated base for makeup
super hydrated but still feels very light weight!
my face felt refreshed
this mask feels so hydrating
my skin feels smooth
it has a very pleasant cooling feeling on my face which i loved
it is very hydrating and soothing.
my face felt more contoured and revived.
i felt a tingly warm feeling in the beginning
placed it on my skin i felt such a relaxing cooling sensation
my skin felt like a baby's
my skin looks hydrated
it made my skin feel so smooth during application
they feel so calming
it makes your skin look radiant and healthy.
it was a pretty thick layer.
i felt brighter and even refreshed after!
feels very cool on your face
i love how smooth my skin is after use
i still feel super hydrated 24 hours later
my skin looks so glowy
it makes my skin so soft & plump & hydrated!
this feels great, it's cooling and hydrating.
my skin felt moisturized
the skin looks pure and clean.
the ampoule for this one makes my skin so hydrated
it left my skin looking so hydrated
after leaving this mask on for 1hr my skin felt very supple
along with the rest of my face still feeling super hydrated
relax my irritated skin
smooth over your skin
so refreshing, relaxing, and hydrating!
my skin was so dehydrated
it made my skin so plump
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it leaves your skin smooth
leaves my skin feeling clean
it feels very cool
the result actually left my skin so hydrated
supple it felt plumped
feels well moisturized – this cream is especially good for summer since it gets the job done
made my skin feel super fresh
i feel like it's too lightweight for dry skin
combination skin to stay hydrated while keeping those oils minimal
this makes my face so smooth
it moisturizes my skin so unbelievably well
my skin is perfectly balanced
it makes my skin look
can feel my face is moisturized
moisturizes my skin so well
my skin is flawless
so finding a perfect moisture cream which keeps my skin hydrated
it says it makes her face feel so hydrated
it looks/feel hydrated
i feel like it helps control the oils in my t zone while hydrating the rest of my face
this moisturizer has helped to keep my skin hydrated
it makes my makeup look smooth
gives skin a moist look
yet hydrating gel-like cream that was absolutely perfect for my skin
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
keeps skin hydrated all day long
still have dehydrated skin
its so lightweight yet hydrating at the same time
it keeps me moisturized all day without making me oily
now my skin looks moisturized
my skin is super hydrated
it is incredibly hydrating
deeply hydrating even for my dry skin.
makes my skin feel so smooth
it left my skin feeling smooth
or it clogs my pores if i try to go for something hydrating
keeps my skin hydrated
in my opinion this would make a great moisturizer for oily skin in the summer
it left my skin feeling super refreshed
how hydrated it keeps your face during these summer months
it's very cooling and refreshing.
very hydrating for my skin
super hydrated skin this will not generally give you that result
it felt so soothing and hydrating.
it feels very hydrating
i love this, it's so light and hydrating.
my skin feels plump and smooth after using this.
my skin still feels so hydrated even in the morning after applying the night before
this keeps it moisturized all day
my face feels smoother.
love how it feels and absorbs.
due to its lightweight texture it helps keep me hydrated without being heavy
i love it under my makeup for a super lightweight
my skin feels super hydrated but not oily.
the texture is also really cool!
very refreshing and dries to a natural finish.
it makes my skin look
leaves under eye nice and hydrated.
at the same time it hydrated my skin
help hydrate skin,short and fun to use.
it feels cool on the skin
keeps your skin hydrated
it definitely brightens my skin
it keeps it looking healthy
her skin looks smoother
she raves about how moisturized her skin finally feels after years of using other products
it gives my skin the hydration it needs without being heavy or making my skin more oily
it's very hydrating without that greasy look or feel
my skin is hydrated
it's lightweight yet heavily moisturizing if that makes sense
how this cream can leave my skin so hydrated
my skin felt supple
they also leave my skin feeling greasy
my skin is supple after use
made my face feel clean
making my skin feel clean
makeup effortlessly while keeping my skin calm
not that squeaky clean tight skin kind of clean
it makes your skin feel so moisturizer
i always feel like i've exfoliated!
it leaves my skin feeling clean
in fact it has little exfoliating beads in it that make my skin feel so smooth without it feeling too harsh
it leaves your skin smooth
leaves a nice refreshed feeling
hydrate the skin there as well
keeps my skin super fresh
t still stays on your skin keeping it hydrated
moisturizes without any greasy after feel
my skin was smoother
felt extremely refreshed for days afterward
so refreshing to the skin, deeply hydrating.
supple after using this mask
it's very soothing/cooling without feeling all mentholy
definitely feels like it's deeply moisturizing as well
am left with the most supple
it feels very hydrating and nourishing.
this moisturizer works wonderfully for my skin
this helps to smooth my skin so wonderfully
it feels so lightweight
my skin is left feeling ridiculously smooth
i do feel like the amorepacific does a better job at hydrating
can leave you feeling as though your skin is a little less than hydrated
my skin is smooth
after just 2 uses of this face cream my skin feels
does keep my skin moisturised all day
t has been difficult to find a product that moisturized adequately while keeping my face from appearing oily
this oil has made my skin so smooth
i love that it leaves my skin moisturized with out looking oily
softer and brighter and more hydrated.
continues to moisturize without being greasy
the eye cream feels so smooth and cooling.
my face feels clean
moisturized for hours after use
truly creates a hydrated softness with no irritation whatsoever
i felt a warm feeling
it's very hydrating without being too oily or heavy
moisturizes just the perfect amount
it feels super nourishing
feels very clean and fresh.
commented on how "bouncy" my skin looks
i even wear a very thin layer under my moisturizer
it soaks so perfectly into my skin
this oil works perfectly with my skin type
this face oil is lightweight, but very hydrating.
maybe a touch less hydrated than my regular routine
i noticed it hydrated
my face stayed moisturized all day
my skin feels so smooth
makes it so smooth
i feel that this oil soothes it
made my skin feel baby smooth after i did a face peel
it just feels super lightweight on the face
it keeps my skin so smooth
texture of my skin tremendously
leaves it feeling clean
refreshed my face feels after
this mask makes my skin feel super clean
it smells really clean
it still felt like clay until i added water to rinse
skin feels so clean afterwards
then applying a natural oil for moisture really makes my skin amazing
i look refreshed, awake and years younger.
i feel like i am seeing a smoother lid
it's safe for the eyelids
keeps me hydrated all day long
skin is left so hydrated
makes my skin feel so clean without stripping it
it leaves skin moisturized and clean feeling.
leaves my face feeling clean and moisturized.
after two days of use my eye area is very hydrated
i do find it can be drying so make sure to use a hydrating cream on top
eye area looks very hydrated
the skin around my eyes look so hydrated
dry undereye skin that is super delicate
the skin under my eyes is noticeably more supple
it soaks into the skin nicely
my eye area still feels moisturized
it hydrates nicely helping with the little fine lines
the skin looks so much more hydrated
leaves a really nice base for concealer
my wrinkles look smoother and my eyes less tired.
my eyes look smoother
super hydrating and lightweight as well.
my skin feels clean
how it leaves my skin feeling
it does leave your skin feeling fresh
it's super fast clean
makes my skin look
it feels tingly but not uncomfortable.
my skin feels clean and fresh after using it.
my skin feels really clean after.
i think it works wonderfully leaving my skin feeling clean
leaves my face feeling balanced
it leaves my skin feeling clean
my face feels perfectly balanced
which is a great product if you like a very very moisturizes/glowy face
it leaves your skin clean
gentle cleanser that makes your face feel super clean without that tightness dry feeling
it gets my skin incredibly clean without drying
my skin goes through stages of being very oily
i feel so clean
this is a good cleanser, gentle on the skin.
this cleanser has really helped my skin feel fresh
the beste cleanser didn't make my skin feel tight
it's a very lightweight gel cleanser that gently removes dirt
my skin always feels clean
looks super clean after using this
it looked super cool
it's definitely helped with toning down redness
i love how smooth my skin feels after rinsing .
my skin feels so clean after using this
my skin has felt very hydrated
leaves my skin feeling fresh
overall leaves me feeling very clean
leaves my skin feeling really clean
super calming and leaves my skin feeling great.
keeps my skin hydrated all day long
light with strong inner skin hydrating
this applicator is definitely not smooth
it seems to be working with my puffiness
helps with texture too
your skin is fresh and so clean after!
i would have to use a hydrating mask after mud masks because my skin would feel too dry
afterwards my skin feels
my skin feels very fresh
it did calm my redness a little
the texture of my face was smoother
it just felt healthy
it was smooth on the skin
i loved the tingly feeling the longer i kept it on for
my skin felt so tight
i tend to have dehydrated skin overall
it exfoliated my skin so well
my face definitely felt cleansed
i feel it lathers better in the h
when you wash it off you kind of exfoliate with the texture so
my face feels hydrated
still helps with acne
my skin feels clean after using this.
leaves my skin feeling clean i would love to see more of these with fragrances
lolleaves my skin feeling clean
that's all it takes for fresher skin!
left my skin feeling refreshed
i really enjoy this charcoal cleansing ball.
my skin feels so clean after using it
felt very clean and not a trace of makeup!
it left my skin super clean!!!!!!
this fun little jelly cleanser ball is easy to use
and it leaves a nice clean smell on your face.
it makes my skin feel super clean
makes skin feel super clean
as long as i moisturize afterward
it does cleanse the skin really well
this product is great if you have oily skin it controls those oils perfectly
left my skin feeling clean
i feel my skin suppler
makes my skin feel clean
lathers up really nicely
i love this cleanser it leaves your skin so clean
this leaves my skin feeling clean
would definitely moisturize after
it really is a ball of thick gel
my skin feels clean
i think that it is aerated because it almost reminds me of foam
is really smooth on the skin
just very smooth feeling skin
my skin is smooth
my skin felt and looked glowy.
left my skin feeling so nice and refreshed
my skin looked dewy and refreshed.
my skin felt moisturized
my skin feels very refreshed
i like my skin to be super smooth
my skin is fine
it left my skin feeling hydrated
it's very hydrating without making my face oily
my skin is smooth
on the nights i use this mask i wake up with fully hydrated skin which helps my foundation apply flawlessly
hydrated, but not sticky.
feels very refreshing when it's soaking into my skin at night
drinking my skin looked refreshed
your skin awakens refreshed
when i wake up my skin feels super smooth
my skin absorbs this mask amazingly.
it was so nourished
makes my skin super smooth
my skin looked refreshed and plump the next day.
it leaves my skin so smooth
it is so smooth
more hydrated after using
my face felt very hydrated
it's soft, refined, radiant, calm and hydrated!
also the mask makes my skin feel refresh
has almost a silicone feel.
leaves your skin feeling healthy
my skin feels smoother
it leaves the skin clean without the tight feel as well as add a nice glow
my skin is flawless
i wake up with my skin feeling hydrated
the gel texture is so soothing
as well as super hydrated!
my skin was so supple and clear.
my skin looked smooth
i woke up to soft hydrated skin!
the consistency feels like a gel
regenerating your skin cells so keeping my skin extra moisturized at night is essential
my face seems more supple
leaves the skin skin clean
very light, leaves a clean feeling.
the texture of my skin feels healthier
my skin looks smoother
this is a nice cleanser that does a pretty good job cleansing all my makeup off with the exception of waterproof mascara
really works nicely as a second cleanse after a cleansing balm or oil
i scrub my face pretty decently
leave my skin feeling moisturized
i love how deeply cleansed my skin feels without the tight feeling
this cleanser is made of surprisingly good ingredients
my skin became really dehydrated
my skin felt fresh
it makes my skin feel very hydrated
it also soothes my skin
ultra light weight feel just like a water gel
it leaves my skin feeling toned
my skin looks firmer
just looked like aging skin
my skin is very even toned
it keeps my skin from feeling tight
keeps my skin clear
i started noticing that my skin is supple
my skin appears vibrant, healthy.
my skin looks smooth
my skin is smooth
helped smooth my wrinkles
it soaks in so fast & is not oily.
make it feel fresh
makes my dry skin feel great
i feel it is preventtative of wrinkles
this helps keep my skin hydrated
it isn't oily and it absorbs super fast.
my skin is smoother
supple after using this for 10 days
my skin gets really itchy
it's very calming for my skin
it has a lightweight gel consistency that feels very smooth
leaves my skin feeling very moisturized in the morning
this sleeping mask feels so refreshing on the skin
it really leaves my skin hydrated which is amazing
cleared up breakouts that i've had while also making my skin so moisturized
feel like i have baby soft hydrated skin that doesn't feel clogged
my skin was feeling dull
it leaves my skin hydrated and very plump.
really does plump the skin
your skin will be so hydrated
it already keeps my skin hydrated
you skin is so well moisturized
hydrated skin without it being greasy
feels amazing on and its super hydrating.
wake up to hydrated smooth skin!
it leaves my lips incredibly hydrated and plump.
it really does hydrate through the night.
it moisturizes my lips so deeply at night
i feel like most balms
my lips feel hydrated all day after wearing this overnight
my lips are super moisturized and feel amazing.
my lips are hydrated
when you wake up in the morning your lips are hydrating
more youthful if kept moisturized
so you know it keeps them hydrated all night long
it is incredibly hydrating
supple most of the day
hydrated all day long after a night's use
this product kept my lips moisturized
my lips did not feel chapped
for me does not keep my lips hydrated all night used it for a week
makes your lips so smooth!!!
it transforms the look and feel of your lips!
it didn't leave my lips feeling super hydrated or changed
doesn't take away the moisturized feel
that will make your lips super moisturized
moisturized in just two night of using it
it's very comfortable to wear to bed
it truly makes my lips softer
my cuticles are super dry as well
i loved the idea of waking up to more hydrated lips
i always felt that my lips we're dehydrated
soooo hydrated after using it
i love them to feel moisturized
hydrated in the morning
my lips felt smooth
nicely conditioned in the morning
i woke up to the most hydrated
this is so hydrating!!!!
hydrated for a long time without having to reapply the balm
my lips feel so fresh in the morning
lips are soft & hydrated, this is a true gem!
my lips are so smooth
wake up to plump healthy lips
it's leaves my lips so soft and hydrated.
my lips are super hydrated
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling clean
putting a good amount of this product before sleeping kept my lips moisturized
it makes my skin look smoother
the skin soaks it up pretty well
it is so hydrating
it's super light weight
kept my face hydrated
this hydrates my skin like heaven without making my skin feel oily at all
you wake up feeling hydrated.
makes my skin feel "comfortable" without breaking out my acne-prone skin
it still retains a great moisturizing feel to it
looks so much more hydrated
this moisturizer is pretty thick
it soaked in wonderfully an i woke with my skin feeling moisturized
it certainly rehydrated my skin beautifully
it leaves your skin feeling light
my skin is really enjoying how hydrating it is
keeps my skin moisturized all day
the hydrated feeling it left me with
my skin instantly feels hydrated
which works better because my skin wakes up moisturized
is so hydrated that i don't even need a face lotion in the morning
my skin feels baby smooth in the morning.
then left my skin feeling hydrated all night
makes my skin feel moisturized
added moisture to my skin
it balances out my skin so perfectly
my first thoughts was how hydrating it was for being so light weight
because it was so hydrating
it hydrates really well
this lightweight moisturizer gave my skin the hydration it needed without making it feel too oily
it leaves my skin feeling perfectly hydrated.
this cream has made my skin so plump
this was way hydrating!
the water bank moisture cream makes my skin feel so great without any sign of oiliness
i feel hydrated and fresh.
it hydrated my skin
my skin looks hydrated
it sinks into your skin pretty quickly while making your skin feel so plump from all of the hydration
it leaves my super dry skin extremely moisturized
it is very hydrating
so have been loving trying all thing hydrating
it hydrates my skin perfectly
supple throughout the day
which is why it's a great hydrating formula
your skin is completely hydrated
which keeps your skin hydrated
it is very hydrating
i felt moisturized all day
it makes my skin incredibly hydrated
my skin has never felt more plump and hydrated!
i really like how it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
i can agree to the claim that this moisturizer retains moisture all day because my skin is hydrated all day long when using this product
this moisturizer keeps me hydrated
it's thick enough to moisturize your face thoroughly
it feels light on your skin
my skin is glowing, hydrated, and so smooth!
i did notice my skin was plenty moisturized an felt smooth
moisturized my skin completely
it hydrates your face good
the consistency is quite thick
my skin stayed hydrated all day long
in the morning my skin is supple
instead leaves my skin feeling hydrated as soon as i apply it
it definitely delivers hydration
i can definitely say this keeps my face hydrated
every time i use this cream it make my skin feel very dewy
gives me skin a healthy look
during the summer this helps keep my skin hydrated
my skin feels smooth
hydrated all the time
keeps you feeling fresh all day
this moisturizer keeps my skin supple
this has not only moisturized my skin like no other
it's supple enough to be lightweight
allows you to feel moisturized all day
it's very light but very hydrating.
it was a very nice moisturizer that left my skin feeling hydrated
helping with hydrating my skin enough to temporarily lift smile lines
i love the feel of the moisturizer.
it is very hydrating
it smells so clean
leaves it feeling nicely moisturized
i am always trying to find a hydrating moisturizer that isn't greasy or clogs pores
everyone said they didn't feel moisturised after a couple of hours
my skin did feel well hydrated
it sinks into the skin and moisturizes very well.
hydrated skin every morning when i use this
definitely hydrating for my dry skin.
my skin feels clean
i felt it made my oily areas pretty greasy
i love an intense moisturizer that is also light weight enough to wear all day
after washing my face it feels instantly hydrated
my skin feels instantly hydrated after washing
the oil has a super smooth texture
then its transition to a milky consistence then you know its time to rinse your skin with warm water
leaves my skin smooth
it removes everything so easily yet leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it kept my skin moisturized
my beauty regimen pretty much stays consistent
my skin looks hydrated all day
it's so hydrating and lightweight.
it's also very hydrating and just lovely.
this definitely helps calm the redness
it feels like water
so light bit makes your skin plump
nourished when using it
it delivers on its promise of deep hydration with a lightweight feel -perfect even in hot summer days
seems to be very hydrating
t's going to be very hydrating with no tackiness
it feels like a gel
since my skin is staying hydrated
it feels incredibly hydrating
it hydrates really well
makes the skin feel so supple
hydrated as if i just had a facial
your skin feels clean
continues to feel smooth even after a nights sleep
hydrated after using this mask
everyday feel so fresh!!!
i feel my skin feels more supple
soft, plump and hydrated feeling skin.
my skin is smoother
my skin often feels dehydrated
this made my skin look more supple and hydrated.
overtime i feel like this is a mask that will keep your skin healthy
this one does a wonderful job of balancing out the fruit acids with hydrating
the mask itself leaves your skin hydrated
i get pretty tan in the summer
it really blended to my skin tone
the formula is really cool since it matches to your skintone
and makes my skin feel really clean and healthy.
it made my skin feel firmer after each use.
it makes my skin feel firm
i love knowing that this product is keeping my eye area hydrated
it just soaks my skin very well
is almost moisturizing while keeping everything from getting too shiny
has the ability to be worn fairly sheer like a tinted moisturizer
really smoothed out my skin
made my skin super moisturized
in the morning my skin looked refreshed
it left my skin very greasy
it left my skin feeling very supple
feels amazing super moisturized
my skin was smoother
my make up looked better since my skin was so radiant
it made my skin feel really hydrated
i recommend this product because it made my skin more youthful
it absorbed very nicely
within 7 days my skin was more hydrated
i wake up with my skin feeling so refreshed
under my eyes looks healthier
my skin looks more glowy and feels firmer.
it's also very hydrating
it made my skin glowy and healthy looking.
my skin felt a bit firmer
my skin felt smooth
overall makes my skin feel plumper
more hydrated in the morning
hydrated my skin was the next day
it felt quite oily when applied
it stays a bit oily feeling on your skin
it's oily, but very absorbing.
i can tell that my skin seems to feel more moisturised
my skin was firmer and my skin tone was even.
it leaves your skin feeling smooth
made my skin so smooth.
i could notice a difference in that as it was more hydrated
it was a light feeling on my skin
caring for you skin
this hydrating serum unbelievably feels like a firmimg elixer with out the oiliness clogging up your pores
it leaves my skin feeling smooth and tighter.
this product definitely helped my skin feel more hydrated
i did appreciate waking up with more hydrated skin
works really well under a light moisturizer at night
i immediately feel refreshed
absorbs very nicely into my normal/combo skin
it just smells lightly clean and calming.
my skin looks very hydrated
my skin looks brighter, feels softer and healthy.
it definitely keeps your skin hydrated and firm.
made my skin feel firmer
it's very important to use products with skin-restoring ingredients as well to help the skin feel hydrated
i wake up with very moisturized plump skin.
smells good, and light weight.
my skin is visibly softer and plumper!
my face is so smooth.
my complexion is smoother
keeps my skin moisturized throughout the day
it plumps my skin and sits nicely under make up.
the rosehip oil is nice to heal
leaves my skin looking hydrated
it's working beautifully for me before i use my daily moisturizer
this mask makes my skin so smooth
this product left my skin feeling very hydrated.
this really helped hydrate my face
keeps my skin moisturized without feeling heavy
leaves your face so smooth
i feel refreshes after using this product
moisturized without feeling greasy
your skin will feel
my skin is hydrated
also want to plump your skin with hydration
makes your skin feel so clean!
my skin is hydrated
the sponges are a cool addition that helps give the skin a bit of an extra scrub
make my face feel super clean
my skin feels refreshed
it's is a very light-weight gel that absorbs immediately into your skin
it does leave my skin looking hydrated
my skin feels plump
the texture of this moisturizer is a fast absorbing gel
my skin feels so smooth
hydrated all day when i use this
it really delivers on hydration
to keep your skin hydrated
my skin feels super hydrated and smooth!
this boost gel leaves the skin so moisturized
hydrated that it instantly rejuvenates the skin
it felt cool on my skin
not only does my face feel hydrated
i struggled to find a moisturizer that made my skin radiant without being greasy
this gel leaves my skin so supple
leaves your skin feeling g youthful
i need potent products to really help me keep a youthful look
it leaves my skin plump and ready for makeup.
it has a gel like texture that dries fast
hydrated not to mention tighter
this hydrating gel goes on smooth
this actually keeps my skin feeling very hydrated well after i've applied it
my eyes remain nourished
hydrated throughout the day
it keeps my under eye area moisturized throughout the day
this eye gel is a lifesaver for depuffing my tired eyes
hydrating them to feel fresh
i can actually feel my delicate skin around my eyes drinking this up
this eye gel is so light weight
i love how my concealer goes on very smooth with this
it leaves a cooling soothing sensation under the eyes leaving them smooth
i've noticed my under eye become super hydrated after using this
my eyes feel relaxed after massaging it in
it is soooooooooo hydrating!!!!!!!
it dries fast with a reassuring mild tautness that tells me it's working
it keeps my under eye area well hydrated
have noticed my under eyes are more moisturized
the unique texture is completely hydrating
i feel like it rehydrates my under eyes
it makes my eye area so smooth
this cooling gel really helps to calm things
i love this super cooling eye-gel especially in the mornings before makeup
it really hydrates your skin
the product makes my face feel super fresh
hydrated after using it
it keeps my skin really hydrated
gives me super hydrated baby soft skin
it leaves my skin smooth
leaves your face smooth
definitely helps keep my skin moisture balanced.
i wake up with perfectly hydrated skin.
by the time i wake up in the morning my skin is perfectly hydrated
it moisturised so perfectly
works well for dehydrated area around the eyes.
skin around my eyes became hydrated
this has kept my eye area hydrated
very hydrating, great texture.
my skin feels so hydrated
it leaves my skin smoother with even complexion.
my face feels so clean after i wipe it off w a warm wash cloth followed by a hydrating serum
feels like a thin moisturizer
this is the best moisturizer for keeping my skin hydrated
leaves your skin feeling fresh
keeps me skin clear
you should still moisturize your skin to insure it stays soft
for hydration it gets 5 stars
it truly plumps the skin.
i love this serum because although at first it feels warm after the feeling is perfect
this product is very hydrating
you can feel your pores being cleaned out.
my skin feels so fresh
feels very fresh and slightly tingly on the skin.
hydrated with less fine lines
the cooling gel is very comfortable to sleep in at night
my skin feels smooth
this night treatment has me waking up with my skin feeling so hydrated
it removes that skin texture there so my makeup looks so smooth
no matter how well i moisturized
these products have given me hydrated
my skin feels like a baby.
you have to make sure to apply a nourishing moisturizer the next day though
my skin is smoother
it keeps my skin exfoliated
it made my skin smoother
this formula definitely helps with skin radiance
this helps keep my skin clear
turns skin over a bit too fast for my pores
this product feels likes is drying out your skin
leaves your skin smooth
i feel like it calms my skin
it made my skin smoother
my skin was beautifully hydrated
smoothed my skin really nicely
for about a year now i have been having to use two different moisturizers in order to feel hydrated
my skin finally feels hydrated
sinks into the skin very nicely
the consistency is just thick enough to wear at night for deep moisturizing
moisturizes very well for me
i can always count on this to soothe and calm.
this does wonders to keep my skin hydrated
it feels thick at first absorbs so well.
moisturized while evening out my skin tone
my skin is finally hydrated
it really makes my face feel hydrated
i definitely look for hydration
my makeup goes on perfectly
kept me extremely moisturized without being too oily
this stuff is perfect for my skin it works so well helps keep moisturized all day
it feels so cooling
keeps your skin hydrated, but not oily.
leaves your skin smooth
overall it moisturized like advertised
my face stays hydrated and plump all day.
can almost feel like a sunburn at times
it still keeps my skin fresh and moisturized!
it keeps my skin hydrated
it really does feel nurturing and calms redness.
it's the only product i've used that feels like it truly moisturized my skin
feels moisturized without being greasy
my skin is more glowy
it's really light while still being very moisturizing
really absorbs into my skin
just perfectly hydrated skin
it makes my skin hydrated in the winter
it is light weight so you feel like your skin can breathe
this lotion left my skin feeling hydrated
this moisturizer really helps sooth my skin
leaves it hydrated without feeling greasy
rich which i love leave my skin so smooth
it reminds me of a baby's skin.
make my face feel smooth
before using this cream her rosacea was pretty dark
this makes my skin look so nice well nourished
the results of clear healthy moisturized skin are worth it
it moisturized my skin quite well
it hydrated my skin so fasting makes it stay plumped
keeps my skin moisturized
really good and gentle cleanser.
it leaves my face feeling clean
it left my face feeling clean and hydrated.
my face feels so smooth
it leaves my face feeling clean
this also leaves my skin fresh and smooth.
it's actually very hydrating for the skin.
you can feel the smoothness as it exfolliates!
it leaves my face feeling smooth
lathers really well in your fingers.
left my skin feeling so clean
my skin feels refreshed after i use it.
it seems to leave my skin feeling more healthy
is easy to rinse off of skin
it works perfectly with my clarisonic because it foams up perfectly
always leaves my skin feeling well nourished
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves your face feeling extremely refreshed
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
leaves me feeling completely refreshed
it can be dehydrated
very refreshing face wash
leaves my skin clean
my skin is clear because of this cleanser
it always leaves my skin so healthy
leaves skin feeling very clean
it leaves my combo skin refreshed
really gives you a clean skin feeling without drying your skin
great lathering cleanser that smells good enough to eat
calms & clears my acne so amazingly!
my face feels clean but not stripped of moisture.
this cleanser makes my face feel sqeaky clean
this cleanser always makes my face feel so clean.
leaves skin feeling clean
leaves the skin feeling fresh
makes my skin feel clean without over drying
it leaves my skin feeling so clean
makes my skin look fresh
my face has never felt so clean refreshed
it keeps my skin clear
it produces a nice rich lather that cleans your face with over drying it
skin feels clean and smooth and refreshed.
which makes washing your face enjoyable
it is a good light textured moisturizer that absorbs into the skin fast if you don't apply too much
it has made my skin more supple and smooth.
it will do the amazing job by keeping your skin moisturized until you wash your face the next time
the ole henriksen sheer transformation perfecting moisturizer is a lightweight smooth moisturizer that i really like on my sensitive skin
it's lightweight enough for my oily skin
my skin feels smoother
hydrating but not too much for my combo skin.
the combination makes my skin perfectly primed for makeup
keeps the rest of my face very well moisturized
very light, hydrating, and makes skin smooth
this moisturizer made my skin so smooth
this helped my skin stay more matte throughout the day
keeps skin looking moisturized
this is great for keeping my skin hydrating
because it feels so un-hygienic just scooping from the jar every time
it leaves my face feeling very moisturized.
my dry skin has become the most glowing moisturized skin
lightweight and evens skin tone really well :)
this has truly helped calm my rosacea
this product makes my skin so smooth
leaves my skin feeling very refreshed
it has helped to keep my skin moisturized
it's light weight and dries matte.
my skin felt very refreshed afterwards.
leaves my skin nicely moisturized with only a small amount
my skin feels smooth and moisturized.
refreshed in the morning
leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin is now supple
my skin feels tight
all it does for me is give me the feeling of hydrated skin
given my skin is dehydrated
it really plumps up the skin
my skin is smoother
leaves me feeling moisturized .
i've applied it after my clean/toned face
also absorbes really quickly into the skin adding a sticky nice feeling that absorbs your moisturizer right away
my face feels smoother
my skin feels hydrated
my skin is firmer
this helps my skin to be plump
it has definitely helped me to get hydrated
though it has made my skin more hydrated
more hydrated because of it
this brightens and makes skin look refreshed.
it makes my skin feel smooth
the fresh scent makes me feel younger
has hydrated my skin
my skin is clean
my skin looked smooth
my skin is smoother.
my skin is so smooth
leave my skin feeling moisturized for the entire day
i love how it is lightweight yet still really moisturizing
this product really helps keep my oiliness at bay for most of the day
i've always struggled with moisturizers as my skin is naturally so oily
the consistency of this moisturizer isn't too thick
kept my skin moisturized
helps keep my skin clear
it leaves my skin hydrated and smooth.
it stays kind of greasy on my skin
provides an abundance of hydration without making your skin oily or greasy
my skin feels more comfortable
it is very hydrating
etc to try to calm down how oily my skin gets
this left my skin very hydrated
my skin was dehydrated
keeps it well hydrated
this is the perfect balance of hydration
leaves my skin feeling fresh
my face feel fresh
absorbs perfectly i could just keep applying to even the moist oily parts of my face
it's pretty calming as well due to the oats
it feels calming on my skin and i love it!
keeps it hydrated trough the whole day
it really helped to calm it
it's super light weight
smoothing some texture issues i have on my cheeks which i am totally pumped about
my skin feels refreshed
gives your face a tingly clean feeling
keeps my skin matte
keeps my skin hydrated
it keeps my skin smooth
it feels dewy and smooth and nourishing.
it's a refreshing light cream that works well on my acne prone combination skin
it provides enough moisture to keep me balanced
makes skin feels really pampered
it feels very clean
i still feel the hydration of the cream
my skin is moisturized
i feel so healthy and pampered when i use this.
it really melts in smooth into my skin
it does a nice job of hydrating my combo skin without making it oily
my skin looks fresher
this is a really good moisturized
this kept my skin moisturized overnight
it absorbs very nicely
the heavy cream texture works amazingly on super dry skin
at 48 one of the keys to not get wrinkles is to keep your skin hydrated it
this cream has a very thick consistency
it is super hydrating yet sinks right in
my skin feels lightweight still.
vigorously warm it up in your h
very hydrated without getting saggy
using crème ancienne adds a little puffiness to my eyes that were really tired
you'll wake up with skin feeling supple
this cream is very waxy, and has a solid feel.
love that my skin looks supple
this moisturizer keeps it smooth all day long
neck fell hydrated all day
in the morning my skin looks refreshed!
patting until you feel it has absorbed
the more i appreciate how well it moisturizes without being greasy
this is perfect to keep my face moisturized all day
just to see how long it would keep my skin moisturized
it feels smooth on the skin
this is a night-time only moisturizer because it's intensely hydrating
in the morning my skin looks so hydrated!
it softens skin nicely
i am left with smooth skin
feels very light-weight
makes me feel very clean and fresh.
it soaks into my skin so nicely
makes my skin feel super smooth
would like a nice lighter moisturizer i would give this a shot
i don't know how well this exfoliates
makes it feel smooth
looking as healthy as it ever could thanks to the exfoliating properties within
leaves my skin feeling so refreshed
this moisturizer is lightweight-- doesn't make your skin feel greasy
keeps my skin moisture for like 20 hours.
this moisturizer feels so nice on my skin.
my skin feels so hydrated and soft.
it smells really fresh and goes on so smoothly.
have already noticed my skin is more moisturized
my skin seems smoother
it makes my skin feel hydrated and soft.
hope is very hydrating
5 stars for healthy skin
i've noticed that my skin seems to be more hydrated
keeps my skin refreshed
balances me out perfectly
overall my skin looks totally refreshed
this stuff is hydrating
my skin is so flawless
i woke up to incredibly smooth skin
it works with diligent night time use on clean skin
my skin is smooth
my skin does feel more refined
makes my skin smoother for wearing foundation
my skin is so smooth
after that my skin looks flawless
these 3 products leave your skin feeling fresh
with help me my skin is smoother
keeps my skin looking fresh.
it is not super hydrating
i found out that the eye gel is super lightweight
i think it is a good eye gel in the morning to prep for eye makeup
ntensely hydrating without being too heavy
this product is good for hydrating your eye area
immediately i see the skin relaxing
really adds moisture to my under-eye area before i put on my concealer
i still love this eye gel because it's hydrating
gel glides on smooth and hydrates eyes well
it adds moisture and helps sooth puffy eyes.
i'll finish this eye gel
it still moisturizes well
t just works well as a hydrating eye cream for me
very refreshing and hydrating eye gel.
this eye gel works well for me.
this product feels so refreshing on the skin.
definitely works for puffiness
i also like how my eyes feel refreshed!
my skin feels so hydrated
my skin feels super clean after!
this purifies without drying the skin- a very gentle
my skin is smooth
my skin still feels moisturized after i wash it off
when my skin gets really oily in the heat
my skin looks more toned
it even feels like my skin is moisturized
it feels so clean
also kinda hydrates it as well
my skin is soooo soft and clean feeling.
that mask is amazing for hydration
keep my skin fresh
cleans out my pores so well
this mask certainly purifies in a super gentle mode
it makes my skin feel tight and refreshed.
skin feels so clean after
my skin felt super clean
it made my skin feel smooth
leaves the skin feeling smooth
it really is a blessing because my skin needs a gentle purifying mask
it works wonderfully to minimize my pores
this really seemed to calm both the oiliness
my face felt smooth and refreshed.
i feel the refresh
my skin was smooth
my skin feels overall smoother and cleaner.
feel comfortable using it whenever i feel oily over the course of a week
my cheeks would feel tight
felt so clean/smooth
thick which made it feel indulgent
my skin felt exfoliated
the texture is very smooth
my skin felt smooth and refreshed.
purifies and leaves my face looking refreshed!
my pores and skin feel amazing after.
overall skin feel very clean
it leaves the skin with a fresh feeling
love how it takes the oils out of my pores
it feels very cleansing
nonetheless it leaves my skin feeling purified
when the skin needs more hydration
the ingredients are clean
keeps my skin really even toned
this is the only thing that keeps my skin hydrated
it does hydrate my skin
makes my skin feel so nourished
really hydrates the skin for the whole day
skin does feel & look youthful.
makes my skin feels smooth after applying it
i think this moisturizes really well
it keeps my face feeling hydrated
it just feels more hydrated
it's got enough staying power to keep my skin feeling hydrated all day
very hydrating but not greasy.
keep my skin hydrated
my skin looks more youthful everyday!
now my skin stays moisturized throughout the day.
it keeps my face smooth
its really hard for me to find a moisturizer that is hydrating enough for the cold
this is a wonderful moisturizer for dry skin.
it also gave me a dewy look which worked very well with my mineral foundation
leaves my skin feeling moisturized all day.
supple throughout the day
hydrated without being greasy
i love how well it moisturizes
very natural feeling product
the lotion smells great and goes on smoothly.
it is light yet it leaves my skin feeling more supple
but it just heals my skin.
the cream was really hydrating
i am hydrated all day without feeling greasy
keeping me feeling healthy
it makes my face so smooth
leaves the skin feeling smooth
healthy all day long
it keeps my face hydrated.
this is the only moisturizer that has been able to make my dehydrated skin feel hydrated
moisturizes for the whole day
my skin feels smooth, silky and hydrated.
it absorbs quickly and keeps my skin moisturized.
my skin feels cleansed
very good for sunburn
it is so gentle it feels like my skin is not completely clean afterwards
this is very much like a cream cleanser
my skin was clean
this calms my skin
the texture is more of a cream moisturizer- very soothing
leaves my skin healing clean and refreshed!
possibly by leaving my skin hydrated yet clean
makes my face feel fresh and clean
felt supple after using it
my skin is so much more hydrated
this leaves me very clean
this cleanser is so gentle
it does an amazing job of cleansing my skin without leaving it feeling tight
my skin had been under-moisturized--over-productive oil gl
it cleanses pretty well
hydrated without leaving it greasy
it does leave the skin feeling clean
you immediately notice after rinsing that your skin feels hydrated
it left my face feeling very smooth.
leaves my skin balanced
leaves a nice clean face that feels hydrated
this makes my skin look smooth
it leaves my skin feeling comfortable
this cleanser is strong enough to clean pores
just because it leaves a dewy feeling on the skin
skin is left feeling smooth
nourished as well as cleansed
this cleanser keeps my skin clean
clean my face very well
i love how my skin feels after washing with this product
this is product keeps my skin balanced
my face feels and looks like baby skin.
my skin feels tight
it is, just like it says, a gentle cleanser.
this cleanser was gentle enough for my eyes
my skin feels so clean
the product lathers well
feels like it calms my skin.
my oily skin feel so so clean
i feel like this cleanser has been gentle while doing that process
leaves my skin feeling clean, fresh and smooth.
lathers nicely on wet skin.
helps clean my very oily, greasy skin.
it feels cool on the skin.
this leaves skin feeling clean
i felt the skin was clean
your face will feel moisturized
the facial cleanser has a really nice feeling when you lather it up on your face
leaves my skin feeling clean
this cleansing gel is way better for me
this cleansing makes me feel fresh after every use
makes my face feel fresh
clean without the drying feel that a lot of cleansers i've tried do
this cleansing gel smell very clean.
this makes me feel cleansed
takes make up off, is gentle yet i feel cleansed.
my face feels super clean
it cleans my skin very well
my face feels clean
it is healing everything
this cleansing gel is the perfect balance for me.
it gets my skin very clean
my face feels so clean
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it keeps my skin clear with no acne
this cleanser will remove makeup very well as long as you get a good lather
i also feel very fresh and clean afterward.
i always follow with a hydrating mist
so your skin is clean
its leaves my skin feeling fresh
it leaves my face feeling so clean
i am okay with the smell in this cleanser
leaves my skin feeling clean
the ingredients are clean
leaves your skin feeling fresh and clean.
after washing my face with this my face felt hydrated
this gets my skin squeeky clean
my skin feels so clean
makes my skin so fresh
my face feels supple and clean afterward.
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling smooth
my face felt very moisturized
my skin feels clean
makes my face feel so clean.
it lathers very well with my clarisonic
it works really well for my combination/oily skin
my skin feels pretty clean after a quick wash.
i still use this to help spots feel more calm
this product soothes my skin
my skin felt smoother
it really helps to calm the area down
has a nice gel cooling texture
this eye cream is very hydrating
keep the skin hydrated underneath the eye
its is very hydrating.
i feel like it keeps my eyes looking "rested"
love the texture.it absorbs very quick.
my under eyes have never been so hydrated.
after a week more hydrated
i used a lot of eye cream in the past the feels kinda tingly
it is so hard to find a hydrating eye cream
i do like the feel of the gel-cream
it feels light on the skin
it also keeps my skin hydrated.
my concealer goes on nicely
goes to work hydrating the sensitive skin around my eyes
its pretty light weight
it absorbs really well, not oily.
comforting feeling of this thoroughly moisturizing gel is a nice treat
a half pump keeps the fragile skin around my eye hydrated
i can feel my skin absorbing it up!
is the perfect solution for hydrating under the eyes
it does hydrate like a beast
i do like the product...gentle and hydrating.
makes my eye area feel comfortable
i feel my skin also looks healthier.
it feels so hydrating
absorbs nicely while leaving just enough on the surface of the eye area to give it a glow of moisture
most moisturizers make the skin feel like it is burning
this eye cream really gives me an awake look
is very soothing for my eyes
smooth and hydrating around my eye area.
leaves the skin around my eyes feeling moisturized
this is quite hydrating.
this eye cream works quite well to hydrate
just a simple hydrating cream that does not irritate
amazingly, the dryness is gone.
makes my skin smooth
still delivered high quality product that kept my lids hydrated
that it's lightweight yet still very hydrating
this has really helped to moisturize the area
yet it still hydrated my stressed skin
still feel the moisture under the concealer
is great at hydrating before doing full eye color
my eyes feel less puffy
this moisturizer goes on so well.
it keeps my face looking smooth
the next day my face felt hydrated
my hyper-pigmentation was getting lighter as well
it is pretty thick and greasy.
it made my skin smoother
absorbs amazingly into the skin
is hydrating yet very light.
it really helps keep my dry flaky skin moisturized
this is the only moisturizer i've found that keeps my dry areas moisturized
moisturized under make up
i wake up with amazingly refreshed
my pores even look better because the make up is able to apply over a healthy layer of moisturized skin
you also don't need a ton to stay moisturized
it works so well to moisturize without a heavy feel
food for my tired skin.
fine lines from dehydrated skin are gone
it dries to a nice smooth finish.
this does such a great job keeping me moisturized without making me oily
my skin feels so refreshed
it does make my skin feel refreshed
it helps me stay hydrated all day
it keeps my face well moisturized without it looking greasy
my face looks hydrated
it leave my skin hydrated
it is gentle enough to provide plenty of moisture without irritation
i find the korres cream is not especially good at moisturizing--the cream seems to sit on top of the skin rather than get absorbed by the skin
it keeps me hydrated
provides a moisturized feel all day
so far it seems to be pretty good moisturizing my skin
seriously keeps my face moisturized all day
the way it absorbs leaving me feeling very well hydrated
this moisturizes without feeling too heavy.
this stuff makes my skin feel hydrated instead when i wake up
it's kept my face smooth and hydrated
makes my skin so smooth.
leaves me feeling refreshed.
i wake up with smooth, hydrated skin.
it keeps my dry skin moisturized very well.
moisturized for the first time in years
when i wake up my skin is hydrated
i feel it moisturizes deeply.
it has kept me moisturized every use
it leaves my skin nourished all day
it thoroughly cleanses it without it feeling stripped
it leaves my face feeling clean
refreshed after i use it
the cleanser is good, it's gentle on the skin.
this left my skin feeling clean without the tight feeling
acne-prone skin while leaving a clean feeling
leaves my skin feeling balanced
this cleanser is so gentle
it leaves my skin feeling clean
clean feeling- i love it
it cleanses pores really well
it leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth!
this cleanser is...perfectly fine?
it will clean your skin well
it cleanses without making my skin feel too dry or stripped
my skin looks more relaxed and fresh.
it's gentle and gives a very good clean .
thoroughly cleanses your skin day
it leaves my skin feeling very tight
it thoroughly cleans my sunblock
gentle but gets the job done
feel soothing on your face
my face feels clean after using it without it feeling stripped of natural oils or chemically
and it really removes all makeup and tones.
leaves my skin feeling ultra clean
provides that great "clean" feeling without making skin uncomfortably tight
leaves your face feeling clean
this product really made my skin look refreshed after using it
it works very well with a cleansing brush.
my skin felt smooth
this is the cleanser to stay for sure
makes my face feel clean
it seems to keep my acne at bay
my face feels so smooth
my skin felt so clean
left my skin feeling clean while not feeling tight
it leaves my skin clean
it makes my skin feel very clean
it makes your skin feel so silky smooth
my face feels so clean after washing with this cleanser
after i clean my skin it feels so smooth
it does leave my skin feeling clean
this face wash is so gentle but cleans very well.
while my skin is healing i needed a gentle face wash
leaves skin so smooth.
this is a really soothing, gentle gel cleanser.
it cleans my skin thoroughly
this cleanser is really lightweight
leaves my face feeling clean
i credit this with helping to calm my painful rosacea
it takes off mascara very well
making it feel smooth
this gel rinses cleanly and feels great!
this cleanser leaves your skin clean and supple.
definitely calms my skin
leaves my face feeling clean
washing my face is very stessful
leaves your face feeling extremely moisturized
it keeps my skin looking flawless all day
this one feels so fresh a cool!
this is a calming face wash gel that really does what it says
really left my skin feeling clean
this worked real well to calm redness
definitely soothing in it's cleansing abilities
it leaves my skin feeling so clean
leaves your skin feeling smooth
this makes my skin feel wonderfully clean
this is a great cleanser that makes my skin feel clean
this murad cleanser is cool
as long as i exfoliate as well my skin looks great
the gel is gentle yet makes my skin feel squeaky clean
it leaves your skin feeling so fresh
a great cleanser for redness, nonetheless.
it foams up nicely and my face feels very clean.
my skin feels clean but not stripped of moisture.
this cleanser is so gentle
this cleanser feels very soothing on the face
this keeps my skin hydrated
it leaves your skin with a natural hydrated finish
my skin looks fresher
it leaves the skin looking refreshed
how smooth his skin feels
it's great because it's hydrating.
he says his skin feels smoother
definitely quenches my skins thirst for moisture
my skin feels hydrated
my skin looks brighter, and feels smoother.
it moisturizes well enough
his skin stays hydrated
leaves your face feeling refreshed
my skin feels rejuvenated
refreshed after using it
it makes my skin smoother
my skin felt smoother
my skin is smoother
my face looks so smooth
make my skin look fresher
keeps my pores clean
this seemed to help smooth my skin out
), and my skin texture is much smoother.
i can assure everyone the formulation for calm cool
it's very hydrating and soothing.
it helps calm my rosacea
this amazing cream leaves my skin comfortable
it's much more hydrated
it really keeps my skin calm
my face feels soothed
my skin feels cool
is a great moisturizer for my super dry/dehydrated skin as well
very hydrating but not to heavy.
perfectly moisturized without being greasy
it calms my skin
it is extremely hydrating & evens out skin tone.
my skin feels smooth and nourished.
i first bought calm cool
like comfort food for my skin
leaves my face calm
my skin now does feel calm
leaves skin feeling calmed
totally moisturizes without feeling heavy
my skin is pretty oily overall
my whole face is well moisturized without being too oily or breaking out
this moisturizer has sure cooled things down
my skin feels great and my redness is calm.
readjusted my expectations to include just a cream that is super-hydrating
skin feels so clean afterwards.
it really lightens under eye
really brightens the eye area along with being hydrating
the clay comes off very thick which is great for applying it on my body
my skin feels so clean afterwards!
very calming and excellent for oily skin.
my skin feels smoother
my skin is sensative, mature, combo oily/dry.
my skin feels really clean
i'll definitely keep using it to help my skin stay calm
be sure to moisturize of course!
just be sure to moisturize very well afterwards
/or my skin needs to "calm down"
my combination skin seems to get oilier
i love that it cleans my skin and expholiates.
keep my skin fresh
my skin is smooth
makes my face look so fresh and clean.
my skin feels so smooth
great product to calm down rosacea while clarifying clogged pores
my face feels cleaner
seems to really detoxify my skin
skin is super clean
it leaves my skin suuuuper smooth
moisture balanced skin with out irritation
it makes my skin smooth
my skin feels so smooth
i am pleasantly surprised that it exfoliates very gently with no irritation
leaves face feeling clean and refreshed!!
i like how soft it makes my skin feel after rinsing
i needed something to calm the redness
leaves my skin feeling fresh
this cleanser leaves my face so smooth
it's really gentle and hydrating.
leaves my skin feeling fresh
this cleanser is gentle enough to clean my face without drying
this cleanser has made my skin flawless though
it works perfectly with my skin!
this cleanser feels gentle on my face
pluses:- super gentle with your skin- cleanse very well the skin- no feeling of dryness
the ingredients are so soothing
leaves my skin super clean
this cleanser has made my skin look healthier
i feel like it rebalances my skin every morning
great for my dehydrated skin.
i feel so refreshed
this cleanser lathers up really well
leaving skin super clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
it cleanses your face so well.
it makes you feel very fresh and clean.
it leaves my skin smooth
since i've started using it my skin feels more moisturized
it has definitely soothe my skin
it's very refreshing and hydrating!
skin feels very refreshed after i use this product
it cleared my acne as well made my skin feel super clean
my skin feels moisturized and tight after use.
this completely balanced out my very oily skin
a very fresh and calming way to wash my face.
my skin is so clear, clean, and less oily even.
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this cleanser really helps with keeping my skin balanced even though my skin is pretty oily
not only it helped calm my redness
leaves my face feeling clean
still leaves it feeling clean
made my skin very smooth
left my skin super smooth
that feeling is part of the process it changes to a relaxing cooling feeling
my skin feels very smooth afterwards.
my skin felt soft, clear, and calm afterward.
it leaves your face super smooth
it was very tingly for few seconds when i first applied it
my skin feels clean
it actually was a little hydrating
more healthy looking skin
leaves your skin feeling like you have cleansed
i needed to feel that the skin is clean
it leaves your face feeling moisturised
my skin is still supple.
it makes my skin so smooth
it makes your skin look matte
feel comfortable and hydrated after using.
my skin feels healthier
this cleanser really soothes irritated skin
this cleanser calms and soothes my skin.
makes my skin feel refreshed
my skin feels clean and healthy and no problems!
leaves skin feeling clean
i think the clarins extra comfort cleansing cream is a better product
keeps my face well hydrated, too.
so the creamy texture keeps me hydrated
tight feeling like with other cleansers
this cleansing milk leaves my skin feeling refreshed
it keeps my skin matte all day
my very oily skin calms down
my skin feels incredibly hydrated to the touch
acne prone skin healthy
very hydrating and feels great on the skin.
it feels like a primer on my skin
i prefer a matte finish so this worked really well at hydrating my skin without making me look greasy
it stays matte all day.
making you look healthy
oily skin should definitely sample it before making a commitment
this left my dry skin feeling moisturized.
it's so hydrating with a matte finish!
this moisturizer really does exactly what it says-- moisturizers with a smooth matte finish
my skin stays pretty matte
works great on my combination skin because it moisturizes without bringing out the oiliness in my t-zone
it does indeed provide all day moisture without oiliness
i do like how it moisturizes my skin without the greasy feeling
my face feels hydrated all day
my makeup looks smoother
keeps it matte the whole day
a matte finish lasts all day long
you feel as though you aren't wearing makeup at all because your skin feels so moisturized
this moisturizer provided me with a great canvas for my foundation while keeping me hydrated without looking like an oily thing
it hydrates as well as keeps your face matte looking
i am hydrated all day with this.
it is a silky moisturizer that leaves my skin feeling extremely hydrated yet at the same time i am not looking shiny/oily
that's alright because i lean towards moisturizers with spf during the daytime
if you are someone with dry skin this moisturizer would work perfectly for both am
i feel hydrated but not oily.
it leaves my skin with a really matte finish
this makes my skin look plump
it's very complimenting on the skin!
my skin looks younger and cleaner.
it really smooths and hydrates my skin perfectly.
helps even my skin tone
i look hydrated and fresh.
my skin looks healthy
it makes my skin look flawless
slightly helped calm redness
my face feels smooth
leaves my skin smooth
smells confortable as well.
it is very hydrating.
your oily skin refreshed
my skin is so smooth
i can clearly feel the skin improves in radiance
just looks so healthy
these products leave my skin feeling perfectly hydrated -- not dry
my skin feels so smooth
my face feels refreshed and it smells great.
makes skin feel comfortable.
this is the only thing that has actually kept it moisturized
it leaves my skin hydrated and glowy.
all day kept feeling my skin because it felt so moisturized
it is also slightly hydrating
i find it make my skin so smooth
skin is smooth n refreshed
it's so nice for exfoliating
leaves my skin so smooth after every wash
it leaves your face feeling smooth
always come back to this gentle exfoliating scrub
it leaves my face feeling fresh and smooth.
it's hard to find a product that moisturizes
gentle enough for acne prone skin i use every night
you struggle to keep your skin moisturized
makes my face feel smoother
leaves my face feeling clean
feel very clean afterwards
leaves my skin smooth and clear from acne.
it has refreshed my skin
i wanted something gentle that exfoliate my skin.
my skin does feel clean after using it
leaves my skin feeling super clean
my skin always feels super clean afterwards
gentle but gets the job done.
makes my face feel clean
smells clean, good exfoliation , would recommend
it feels like a normal scrub but!!
got a good amount of feeling like my face was being thoroughly exfoliated without feeling harmed
it exfoliates without being harsh
just make sure your skin is moist first
leaves skin feeling clean
it makes me feel clean
this cleanser works well to leave my face feeling clean
it makes my skin feel super clean
my face feels clean and energizedthank you!
the gentle exfoliation really helps my skin tone
this is a very gentle exfoliator
it makes your skin so smooth
my skin feels smooth
refreshed without feeling dried out
leaves your skin smooth
really smooth for makeup application
washes my face perfectly
my skin feels clean after use.
cleans thoroughly, very gentle.
great exfoliator for my very dry skin.
my skin feels clean
it really exfoliates well
it makes my face feel smooth after it dries from the rinsing
my skin felt more calm
this cleanser makes your face feel super clean
this cleanser leaves skin feeling clean
my skin is smooth
perfectly clean when i'm done
it makes my skin look clean and fresh.
exfoliates and is gentle enough for everyday use
makes my skin feel clean
leaves skin smooth and extremely clean.
gentle and i feel so clean.
it leaves your face feeling super clean
cleansing formula had made my skin oh so very vibrant
my cheeks were hydrated
leaves my skin looking very fresh.
it makes your skin feel refreshed
it definitely works for the puffiness
this clarins eye contour gel truly is lightweight
it's a nice gel that did well to help with puffiness
it really works to cool and soothe.
clarins eye contour gel is excellent.
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
leaves your under eye area feeling very smooth
feel cool after using it
keeps my eyes hydrated without any breakout.
my under eye area stays moisturized
keeps under eye moisturized
fine lines underneath my eyes which makes it very difficult to wear concealer
this cream seems to hydrate well
stays moisturized clear until the morning
my skin looks so fresh
the skin feels nourished
i don't think it is quite hydrating enough
this eye cream proves it.
it leaves the skin feeling smooth
it has helped with hydration around my eyes
it absorbs nicely and doesnt sit on the skin.
it leaves my under eye area feeling smooth
some eye creams just make you retain fluid
it keeps the skin around my eyes hydrated without puffiness
despite nights of getting 7-8 hours of restful sleep
it leaves my skin smooth
it plumps up my fine lines around my eyes so my concealer looks better
it looks super greasy after applying both
matte finish that lasts all day
because it keeps my skin looking so supple
it evens my skin tone
it hydrates really well and gives my skin a glow.
i find it feels cooling
this balm makes my skin look awake and refreshed.
gives me dewy comfortable skin the rest of the day
although it seemed to moisturize while i had it on
this product spreads so nicely on my skin making it feel smooth
it does a great job at helping foundations be less cakey
it glides on so smooth
the balm its self i find to be pretty nourishing on its own
hydrate his skin after being in the sun
hydrating system that works very well
keeps it fresh for quite a while
when you need a hydrating pick me up
it stays perfectly in place, just refreshed.
it felt very hydrated
it balanced my oily skin nicely
your skin will feel smooth
the smell is clean and light too!
it makes your skin tone even out nicely
or my skin is dehydrated
i look so well-rested
makes you look well-rested
i love how "awake" my skin feels after using it
leaving my skin look refreshed
my face feels smoother
it leaves my skin so smooth
leaves skin feeling clean afterwards
this product lathers up nicely
it really cleans out the pores
this product gives you clean feeling skin
it also lathers nicely.
makes my skin very smooth
this face wash makes my skin feel so clean after using it
my skin looks cleaner, younger and healthy.
it really cleans the oil
cleans skin really well leaving it glowing
leaves your skin smooth and clean!
leaves your skin tight
t moisturizers for a perfectly smooth face
my skin feels clean and moisturized for 24 hours.
it gives me a really deep clean that tightens my poors wiithout overstripping my skin
makes my face feel fresh
i've always had trouble finding products that cleansed my pores really well without harsh scrubbing
it leaves my skin clean feeling
keeps my face feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling very clean
it leaves your face feeling nicely hydrated.
left my skin feeling extremely hydrated
skin feels plump and moisturized.
makes skin feel tighter.
i love the way this cream makes my skin feel matte
hydrated at the same time
it moisturized without being too heavy.
keeps me feeling hydrated all day
it make my skin look flawless
great cream that leaves the skin feeling smooth
this seems pretty gentle for a salicylic acid cream
this makes your skin look flawless
keeps my skin smooth all day and not oily at all!
said my skin looked even toned
and it hydrates my skin perfectly!
this gives amazingly light weight coverage that really works
it really fills in you pores
my skin is smooth
i help me about my breakouts and smooth my skin.
felt great on my sunburn
keeps your skin hydrated after being in water at the beach
even tho i'm peeling now i feel like my skin healed ten times faster than it would with just aloe
after rinsing with cool water
my skin instantly felt cooler
it is definitely lightweight and cooling.
this gel did calm my skin.
i can feel it cooling my skin off
i enjoy the cooling sensation as it touches my skin
my skin felt comfortable
leave a very cooling feeling all over
this is a great sooth gel.
this product has truly helped my skin heal
it made my skin feels so smooth
when i especially feel super thirsty
keeps my skin hydrated enough that i typically don't peel
it is super hydrating and doesn't feel oily.
for sunburn after care, this is awesome.
really cools the skin
while i make sure that everyone is well protected with sunscreen
i love korres yoghurt cooling gel because it feels cool
not only does this cooling gel feel amazing after a day in the sun
it left my skin feeling refreshed
nothing makes a new sunburn feel better than this korres yoghurt cooling gel
apply it to my sunburned or overly tanned skinned after spending too much time outdoors
leaves your skin smooth
and it goes on amazingly smooth
my face was hydrated enough that i didn’t even need to use my regular moisturizer
keeps skin moist and cool.
it is the perfect moisturzer to nourish dehydrated areas of my face without causing breakouts
luckily i was smart enough to buy yogurt cooling gel for the trip
the two together leave me perfectly hydrated with an amazing cool sensation that makes me feel like my skin is really clean
made my skin very smooth.
i love how healthy it makes my skin look
totally cools and soothes, love it!!
makes my skin feel tight
this is a cool lotion kinda cools
this gel is great after hours in the sun.
cooling gel you can imagine
since its quite hydrating
makes the skin feel tingly-cool
hydrating without leaving behind any greasiness
this gel was very helpful in saving my terrible sunburn from blistering
it makes your body tingle
this gel feels great on sunburned
my skin feels hydrated all day.
i needed a moisturizer that would intensely hydrate my skin all day in order to avoid flakiness
it keeps my skin hydrated all day
the moisturizer is very thick
my face was super moisturized
my skin always feels hydrated after using it
my skin is soft and hydrated and never greasy.
i like how hydrating it is
it kinda reminds me of stronger baby lotion scent
this moisturizer is the only one that keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day
soothes without being greasy
make my skin feel smooth
it definitely has a thicker texture than most night creams
great scent and keeps my skin soft and hydrated.
i keep my skin hydrated at all times
this moisturizer brings so much comfort to my skin
i've felt that most creams hydrated well on the surface level
my face feels hydrated all day long
supple in the morning
my skin was hydrated even the next morning my face was soft /smooth
so moisturized after 1 application
it feels so smooth
makes my face feel totally hydrated
it really keeps my skin get moisturized with rich shea
i really like to super moisturize my skin.
i would like something even more hydrating
very hydrating thisis the product for you
helps face feel moisturized all day long
my face is hydrated
sticks around long enough so my face is hydrated all day
this creme keeps everything smooth
it makes my skin healthier
it plumps and hydrates very well!
moisturizes without feeling greasy.
this product kept me moisturized
it does not make my face feel moisturized
keeps it hydrated all day long
my skin feels great and it stays hydrated.
this lotion keeps me super hydrated
excellent at night- leaves skin slightly greasy during the day- especially around the eyes
it actually keeps my skin completely moisturized for a full day
as it is pretty thick
made my face feel greasy
it makes your skin very smooth.
i wake up feeling hydrated and refreshed.
my skin requires the nourishment especially during the winter
i still feel that its beneath my skin- being smooth
my skin is beyond hydrated.
now i am like super hydrated
this non-heavy moisturizer leaves my face feeling nice
it moisturized my skin really well.
it makes him feel clean and fresh.
it leaves his skin moisturized
wow they were moisturized for like three days
making skin feel smooth
leaves the skin with a cool feel to it
this lotion nourished his skin
the hydration stays a long time
it soothes the skin
the scent is very clean
my skin does look healthier
it perfectly hydrates my skin without being too heavy
my face is smooth
this night cream leaves my face smooth
makes my skin very comfortable
totally moisturized when you wake up
it feels very nourishing
very supple smooth skin
the night cream is the perfect weight
my skin feels soft and hydrated.
feels natural even at night
moisturizes without leaving my skin feeling greasy
my skin feels so smooth
it was very hydrating without being overwhelming
my skin is smoother
my face was hydrated
i feel like it makes my skin look more radiant too
helps calm down some of my redness
keeps my skin looking healthy
keeps my face feeling smooth
when applying the moisturizer soaks nicely into skin
my skin tends to be pretty oily
it is not greasy, and my skin absorbs it well.
great moisturizer, skin tone seems more even
leaves my skin moisturized
for me, this wasn't quite moisturizing enough.
feels super smooth on contact
it leaves my skin hydrated w/ out excess oil
keeps my skin clear
my skin is smooth
this product keeps my skin balanced
this cleanser is gives my skin a fresh
it leaves your skin feeling smooth
it looks like a gel but of thinner consistency.
my skin feels clean
helps tone my skin
it leaves your skin feeling really clean
it makes your skin feel so clean
this cleanser worked perfectly
i found that this did rehydrate my skin
your face feels super clean after using this product
my skin feels so clean and not greasy.
makes my skin look
this makes my skin balanced
my skin looks so healthy
skin feels really fresh
how it leaves my skin refreshed
i always look forward to washing my face with this cleanser
it not only cleanses my skin
skin is left clean, hydrated, and toned.
my skin feels really clean
well, none of that feeling with this cleanser.
product gets my skin clean while keeping it moisturized
my face looks so moisturized
well i now have a glow smooth feel
lathers up very nicely
it leaves my skin feeling clean and refreshed.
my skin is smooth
cleans my skin well.
makes my skin smooth
leaves it feeling very clean
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
it left my face feeling refreshed
that product is amazing your skin stay clean all day :
my face feels clean
it really cleanses well
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
making it feel toned for the next step -exxential c cream
it always feels refreshed even before i use a moisturizer
leaves your face feeling clean
your skin will feel well cleansed without feeling stripped
supple without stripping it
refreshed after using it
i also like the face that it is gentle on your skin
my skin feels smooth
refreshed after using it
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling clean
washes off makeup very well
my skin feels clean
leaves you feeling clean
it makes your skin feel very clean without feeling dry
makes my skin feel so clean
it keeps skin moisturized all day
have noticed that his skin is a lot more moisturized
make sure to wear an spf besides to protect from sun damage on my sensitive skin
it moisturizes really well without making your skin feeling oily or greasy
non greasy,very hydrating, long lasting.
keeps you moisturized all day
it glides on very smooth
seems to be a good moisturizer.
my skin today looks dewy and hydrated.
my skin is soft and hydrated not greasy.
the cream is very soothing
for the price it is a very good moisturizer for aging skin
very hydrating but not greasy looking.
my skin feels truly more hydrated now.
it is so hydrating, but not too hydrating.
makes it look smooth
my skin feels so hydrating
my face feels smooth
this moisturizer glides on smoothly
your skin feels hydrated without any greasiness
i do like how moisturized my skin feels after applying it
very good with oily skin
very soothing to the skin without being greasy
hydrated after using this eye balm
so hydrating and sets well.
super hydrating love it at night
it does hydrate the area around my eyes beautifully
love how it feels instantly hydrating without feeling heavy
am super picky bc i want it thick enough to moisturize
my eyes look healthy
hydrated despite all-nighters
not keeping myself as hydrated as i should
it sure is hydrating
does a very nice job moisturizing my entire eye area
it really brings back the hydrating
it's really creamy and absorbs pretty quickly.
it helps keep her eyes youthful
nourishing without the weight
makes my skin feel smooth
it is very hydrating
never felt so hydrated
smooth the skin around my area feels
it definitely does moisturize
makes my skin feel smoother
hydrated feel to the skin around my eyes
this product is very hydrating?
this feels like it really moisturizes.
plus love how hydrating it is.
it keeps my under eyes moisturized
our skin feels smooth
it makes the skin under my eyes look all glowy
i loved the hydration it gave to my eye area
i will continue to purchase it to keep my eye area hydrated
this helps to hydrate them
the skin around my eyes stays moisturized
this cream is very hydrating
your under eye will be moisturized the entire day
all i can say is that this product does moisturize nicely
feels very refreshing on the brow bones
my eyes always look refreshed and hydrated!
it does a great job at hydrating
it moisturizes really well for me
i love how moisturized my under eyes feel
as a result i feel quite a bit of the product gets waisted
the eye cream is very soothing
it really does reduce puffiness
turned out to be a great daytime sun protection moisturizer that i could wear under my makeup making the skin under my eyes feel hydrated
it is pretty thick
its very rich and hydrating.
it absorbs great and not oily.
it keeps my face very refreshed through the day
very good facial moisturizer here
really leaves your face feeling replenished
it leaves my skin moisturized throughout the day without feeling greasy
it moisturizes really well
says it moisturizes nicely without making his face feel oily
it seems to really moisturize without getting greasy or oily
it is very dehydrated
feels light on the skin
this is a wonderful mask that can make even my skin seem hydrated
it leaved my skin hydrated
it really helped to hydrate my skin
leaves my skin so smooth
skin texture is smoother
it calms and soothes the skin.
i feel that it exfoliates well too
has made my skin look so glowy
you feel the cooling aromatherapy while it is on your face
it feels very cooling on the skin.
after the mask my skin is so smooth
very relaxing smell too.
it somehow manages to exfoliate
this mask is very nourishing
it also left my skin feeling hydrated
it kept my skin hydrated
my skin feels so smooth
this is a really relaxing mask
my skin seems to very smooth
this is a nice mask - very cooling and relaxing.
leaves my skin feeling so soft and hydrated!
i've found it to heal my skin in regards to dryness
my skin felt smooth and soothed after.
leaves skin feeling clean
it leaves my skin feel very smooth and plump.
my skin felt soft and hydrated.
how smooth it was
makes it feel refreshed
it hydrates your skin very well without making it oily the next day
plus it gives you supple
leaves my skin feeling smooth
color-free gel that goes on cool
i truly feel like it is hydrating
this soothes it all
my face is hydrated
my skin is super
it leaves my skin soft and hydrated!
makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin feels refreshed
makes it feel smooth
it just gives my winter skin a glowy feel
the best part is the way it makes your skin literally look refreshed
hydrated after rinsing it off
it is much more hydrated and smooth.
this was perfect to soothe my skin while not making it oily
it also seems to calm my skin
it does leave skin feeling soothed & smooth.
relax when my skin is being de-stressed by this mask
kinda slimy, but feels cool on the skin.
i do like the tingly feeling when i put it on
makes my face look firmer
makes my skin smooth
it keep my face hydrated
my skin is hydrated, healthy and clear.
goes on smooth and feels light.
it is so thick it is almost a solid balm
this cream fits that perfectly.
makes my skin feel very hydrated
my skin is very supple like my 4 year old's
this keeps those spots perfectly smooth
68 year-old skin feel moist--quite an accomplishment in our dry environment
it makes my skin so moist
it keeps my skin hydrated
during the winter months keeps my skin moisturized
seems to be effective in keeping skin "supple"
my skin is firmer-feeling
makes my skin smooth
my skin still feels freshly moisturized when i wake up in the morning
expecially my smile-line has smoothed
my skin looks younger
when i put it on the thick texture makes me feel like i'm putting on a spa mask
makes the skin feel firmer
helps skin texture too... very good.
it's consistency is perfect for adding a little concealer or foundation to to create the perfect finishing concealer to your under eye area
as it turns out i wasn't properly moisturizing my under eye very well
this products also keeps my eyes hydrated for several hours
it's definitely restored moisture
very hydrating eye cream!
thought it was very hydrating
it's a smooth fast absorbing hydrating
the area around the eye is well moisturized
has the right balance- creamy enough so that the concealers go on smoothly
it keeps the area around my eyes moisturized.
this one goes on really light and is hydrating.
makes you ready for your bedtime sleep
my eye area feels smooth
i also think it should moisturize/hydrate more than it does
it really hydrates the eye area
soothes my eyes all year round- especially winter
also very rich and hydrating.
i do like this eye cream very much as a moisturizer
highly hydrating perfect fro my dried skin during the cry
it is hydrating and goes on well before makeup.
very thick cream, goes on nicely.
an wonderfully hydrating product for the under-eye area
it's very rich and hydrating without being greasy
it make my skin fresh and looking rested.
my eyes look brighter underneath because they are healthy
helps hydrate and plumps up fine lines.
it leaves you moisturized
it keeps the eyes looking smoother, not oily.
this is a very thick cream that stays where you put it
this eye cream is the best i have found for keeping your eyes moist
keeps my eyes moisturized all day
my eye area is well-hydrated
i can feel my skin firming up
it really helps with my puffiness in the mornings
not greasy, absorbs nicely.
it is very hydrating
gives enough hydration around eye area
this moisturizer also keeps my skin hydrated throughout my entire workday
it is really nourishing
it soothes my skin after a long day
it gives me all the hydration i need without being oily
t's really hard to find something that's moisturizing for my cheeks
my skin feels instantly hydrated
it leaves your face feeling super-hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
leaves your skin feeling fully hydrated
it has seriously hydrated my skin
i wake up with super hydrated skin
it keeps my skin hydrated all day
it's fitting into my skin regimen quite nicely because i'm using a lot of harsh/drying acne products
my skin feels extremely hydrated -- which is how this makes my face feel
it is very hydrated
gives me minimum shine while keeping my oily
my skin feels so smooth
in the morning my skin is moisturized
makes your skin supple
this product keeps me moisturized all day
this moisturizer is fine to wear under makeup since it absorbs really well
a nice thin moisturizer that is not greasy
your face will feel nourished
it leaves my skin soft and hydrated.
primarily to sooth the tight dehydrated feel
the hydration lasts the whole day as well.
my skin feels thoroughly hydrated
non-greasy cream that easily absorbs into my skin leaving my skin feeling supple
very soothing on the skin
moisturized my skin real nice
it goes on pretty thick
feel healthy when using this product
keeps my skin feeling smooth
lightweight and leaves my skin flawless.
the greek yoghurt is an all natural way to moisturize that leaves my skin feeling soft
i felt like this moisturizer was a little thin
it still needs to be hydrated
this moisturizer healed my cranky
it feels very natural too since it's made from yogurt
i did wake up with fairly smooth skin
i still feel it helps to get rid of puffiness
a spray of very fine lines
this is very hydrating
leaving you with smoother skin -- it's pretty cool
it keeps my eyes moisturized all day
it is so hydrating
the result is lovely, soft and hydrated skin!
keeps my lids moisturized even though i wear make up every day
it's makes my eye area so moisturized
my eye skin is much better moisturized
this cream helps to smooth them
makes my eyes feel moisturized
it moisturizes very well
after applying this before makeup application it keeps my eye area hydrated
love how it keeps my eye area moisturized
it keeps the area around my eyes moisturized throughout the day
amazingly hydrating last 24 hours i can tell you that
my face fells hydrate through or the day like you feel a layer of cream on your face
a product that keeps my skin hydrated!
my skin stays hydrated all day long
my skin looks and feels so healthy and supple.
my skin felt hydrated
leave it feeling smooth
cleans very well and leaves skin nice and fresh.
it leaves my skin feeling amazingly fresh
but this little beauty has made my skin smooth!
this clears the skin and helps it feel refreshed.
keeps my skin flawless
moisturized face which lasted throughout the day
leaves my skin feeling smooth
healthy my skin is
which makes skin very clean
cleanses thoroughly without drying skin out
leaves it feeling clean
cleans the skin very well
my skins feels so clean!
it feels really creamy when you lather it
it feels incredibly refreshed
this soap makes my skin feel clean
clean clean clean i like it
it leaves my face feeling so clean!
i am very oily
it was the only thing that would calm my acne
keeps my skin smooth and acne free.
i like the very light clean smell
is perfect for very oily skin
thoroughly cleanses my face
my skins feels fresh
this soap keeps my skin clear
mild, good, clean, solid facial soap.
leaves my skin hydrated
it's not very hydrating
it helps keep my very oily skin under control
this lotion really moisturizes his dry skin without making him look shiny
says that it definitely helps to soothe his face
he's a happy and well moisturized man now!!
his skin is smoother
hydrates my skin without making it feel oily.
it does great to hydrate the skin around my eyes.
i look refreshed and no more bags!
it is hydrating without being greasy
hydrates your eyes perfectly
it is also a perfect winter eye cream since it protects the skin with its thick texture
i will say that the cream is very hydrating
it's a very hydrating cream that helps puff out small wrinkles
my eyes just look more refreshed and awake.
does hydrate around the eyes
this is an okay eye cream.
youthful skin had gone bye-bye
this cream moisturizes my delicate eye area all day long
it is a good thick cream
makes my concealer go on flawlessly
i like how the product hydrated the eye area
it certainly hydrates well
they still cause dryness that can lead to wrinkles if the skin is not properly hydrated
i notice the skin around my eyes is much more hydrated
this is the one that feels most hydrating
leaves my skin very smooth
my eye area looks hydrated
should be paired with a good moisturizer
this makes it clean
it feels light on the skin
it makes my skin clean
left my skin super clean
my skin feels so clean
makes my face feel "squeaky clean".
this just lather up so nicely
this cleanser is the only one that i've used that leave my face looking totally exfoliated
the cleanser foams up quite well .
i love how it leaves my face feeling clean
this cleansing foam works perfectly
my skin feel clean
it does foam nicely
it leaves my skin so clean
it makes my skin feel clean
this product removes everything so your cleanser can clean your skin thoroughly
smooth out my skin
i've had trouble with a product that makes my skin feel refreshed
soothes the skin after a day of makeup.
my face feels so smooth
it gets my conbo oily skin incredibly clean -- almost squeaky clean
my face feels really clean after using the cleanser
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling rejuvenated
after cleansing your face is left feeling very fresh
leaves your skin super smooth
it leaves my skin incredibly clean
it makes your face feeling smooth
leaves my skin feeling very clean
makes my face feel really clean without drying it out
leaves your fave feeling smooth and clean.
still manages to leave me feeling clean
non-greasy formula that leaves skin feeling clean
i feel super clean after using it without overdrying or feeling tight
cleans thoroughly with plenty of foam
gets my skin clean
it feels so gentle on my skin
makes my skin feel clean without stripping it of its natural moisture
the lather is pretty minimal
i love it it cleanses so well
surprisingly after i washed my face it felt so moisturized a clean
it really moisturized it
my skin feels so clean afterwards
my face feels so clean
leaves my face feeling clean
love this product for being gentle enough for my skin
after applying it i notice right away that i feel hydrated
hydrated after outing it on
it makes my skin so smooth.
makes my eye area look smooth
since it makes your skin so smooth
i think it works wonderfully in your morning routine
it's not quite hydrating enough as an pm eye cream
it works perfectly under makeup!
this eye cream always does a great job keeping my eye area moisturized
keeping that area hydrated to prevent fine lines
it definitely moisturizes my sensitive skin around my eyes
i love the lightweight feel
that's still very hydrating
keeps my eyes moisturized
the texture is very smooth
this eye cream is very nourishing
keeps under eye moisturized
this works amazingly well under concealer
such a nice feel to it- cooling gel.
doesn't crease at all when i use it with smashbox under eye hydrating primer
gives my skin a smoother feel
it has almost a silicone feel to it.
this eyecream really helps with my puffiness!
i’ve always moisturized my face
was told that i should also moisturize under my eyes for extra hydration
i decided to get an under eye cream that would moisturize as well as help my dark circles
the muscles around it feels really tight
i personally think this cream is good for hydrating
my under eye area looks really hydrated
it's an amazing product to keep your under eyes area hydrated
it helps heal and rejuvinate my skin..
its got a gel texture that also drys down to almost a silicony feel
also moisturized really well at the same time
his face is hydrated
very hydrating formula is perfect for him
it made his skin smooth
it goes very well with the charcoal face wash.
now he moisturizes everyday!
made it feel oily afterwards
im oily skin and it works so well on me.
my skin feels healthier
this is a great lightweight moisturizer that hydrates his skin without making it greasy
this lotion does a great job keeping my skin moist
some lotions have a hard time keeping my face hydrated without breaking out
gives him light hydration without getting oily.
and it feels smooth and light on face.
it keeps face mositure and smooth.
he hates the feel of lotion on his skin
it's a good moisture gel for very oily skin.
appreciates how nice it is to have clean moisturized skin
this product keeps his skin moisturized for the entire day
got him this hydrator
his skin stayed hydrated all day long
helps keep my face hydrated throughout the day
this keeps it calm
i still feel like my skin is being moisturized
love it make my face feel nice and hydrated
rapidly-absorbing moisturizer that doesn't feel heavy on my super oily skin
for the first couple of hours it makes my skin moisturized
it gives me hydrated
this moisturizer has helped improve my texture like it says it would
it still keeps your skin moisturized
leaves my skin feeling like baby skin
it leaves your skin feeling fresh
noticed how quickly it made my skin feel moisturised
it gives me enough moisturization
gives it the hydration it needs
it leaves a "hydrated matte" finish
this moisturizer absorbs so fast
my skin soaks it up pretty quickly
my skin is moisturized through out the day
it moisturizes really nicely
my skin feels moisturized
this sinks in the skin so nicely
provides the perfect balance of hydration without making my skin oily
this moisturizer is awesome to thin out thick foundations
it makes my skin smooth and healthy looking.
it's super lightweight but helps with dry skin!
applying this under a moisturizing primer creates a beautiful base for my foundation without wrecking my cranky skin
i love this because it moisturizes my skin without making it feel greasy or oily
this product keeps me moisturized
is still hydrating without feeling like it's leaving a greasy residue on your face
this is a very thin lotion
it doesn't leave me feeling moisturised
my face feels so smooth
its hydrating without being greasy.
it leaves my skin super smooth
obviously if you have dry skin or super dry patches you'll want something more moisturizing
the gel texture wears nicely on the skin
leaves my skin moisturized
i like the way it keeps my face hydrated all day
it gives you a healthy glow without making you look dewy or wet
leaves my skin balanced!
it won't make your face moisturized enough as this is gel formula
my skin has stayed matte
helps tone the skin
keeps my skin smooth
hydrated my skin feels
i find that my skin feels plump
after i rinsed, my skin was very soft and clean.
it really hydrated my skin
it left my face feeling extremely clean
i like how natural it feels on my skin
hydrated after i used it
it left my skin feeling tight
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
refreshed when i use it as a mask
leaves my skin feeling soothed and youthful.
my skin was so smooth
makes my skin smooth
this mask makes my skin feel hydrated
made my skin feel newer and refreshed!
it left my skin feeling so smooth.
my skin is so hydrated afterwards
my skin feels smooth and hydrated after one use.
it leaves me feeling hydrated
how relaxed it makes me feel
i've noticed my face is more balanced after i use this hydrating
it moisturizes very well
the gel is very watery.
my skin feels smooth
it's hydrating as well
after removing my skin felt more hydrated
my face felt hydrated
it helped calm down my redness
your skin still needs hydration
this calms down my acne
leaves my skin supple
the texture is a lot smoother
my face felt very hydrated
it is also a nice toning mask
my skin was still smooth
my face feels so smooth
it soothes the skin
it always leaves my face hydrated
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
i wake up in the morning feeling so moisturized
your skin feels so refreshed
it feels light on the skin
does a great job of hydrating your skin
this mask brightened, hydrated and toned my skin!
my skin feels very hydrated
keeps it looking fresh
it helps to calm them
this mask works so well to hydrate my skin which is a huge plus because my acne medicine leaves my face bone dry
a great mask to refresh your dull skin
my face feels hydrated
kinda tone the skin
it leaves my skin smooth
it rehydrates the skin really well
this keeps me matte 8 hours!!
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized and smooth.
it is cooling, and helps with my redness so much.
makes me feel so refreshed
my skin feels plump
i feel all around refreshed
does its job in hydrating but toning not so much.
my skin is so hydrated
supple after one use
because of the cooling feel
trying to keep my skin hydrated without going shiny
my skin felt so calm
hydrates my insanely dry skin
it's pretty light yet hydrating
it makes your skin tight
it really does noticeably hydrate
i find this mask to be extremely hydrating
oily combo skin like me it really helps restore the balance
it leaves my skin feeling cool
feel refreshed every morning
offers good hydration while feeling lightweight
they are not hydrating enough for me
feels lightweight enough for the summer months
it absorbs into my skin very nicely
this product works perfectly to keep my skin hydrated
my skin is smoother
my skin is hydrated
it makes my skin supple
i get many stares at my smooth clear hydrated skin especially after people find out i'm 35
leaves your face feeling so clean
greasy feeling on my skin
this moisturizer makes me skin feel refreshed it dries quickly
moisturizes well without leaving a greasy feeling
leaves my face feeling clean yet moisturized
it's light weight and absorbs very well.
my face looks and feels so smooth!
his skin is even toned now
i wake up more hydrated and glowy than ever.
my makeup wears more beautifully during the day as well
i enjoy this moisturizer quite a bit
looks more dewy an refreshed after use
this is a really good light moisturizer with fruit acids that smooth the skin
it is super light on your skin
the balm feels so smooth on my skin
it also leaves my skin really moisturized
leaves my sensitive skin feeling hydrated
leaves me feeling seriously clean
your skin feels so clean after.
my face feels clean
this product doesn't dry my skin out at all: instead it leaves an nice moisturized feel afterwards
it makes my skin feel smoother
leaves your skin feeling clean
face feels super clean
my skin feels clean afterwards
it leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean.
leaves your skin feeling cleansed
leaves my skin feeling smooth
it left my skin supple!
it leaves my skin clean and supple!
afterwards, i feel squeaky clean and smooth!
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves your skin feeling so hydrated
this makes my skin feel smooth
i love that it leaves your skin more moisturized than a cleanser
i love the way this makes my skin feel after i rinse it off
it left my skin feeling clean and supple.
leaves my skin feeling really smooth
my skin feels so smooth
so calming, and super cleansing.
my skin feels so refreshed
it is also relaxing after a rough day!
leaves your skin balanced
my under eyes are so smooth and hydrated.
this eye cream is gentle enough for me
i love that this eye cream contains an spf as well as vitamin c so that it makes my eyes appear well rested
it's keeping the skin under my eyes in good condition so that when the thyroid eye disease goes away
it does hydrate well
my undereyes just look very supple and healthy.
hydrating enough to soften lines
it does hydrate quite well
the skin seems to stay hydrated
it also makes my under eye concealer go on smoother
my eye area feels very moisturized
it makes the skin under my eyes feel hydrated
feels nice on eyes- hydrates
this is a nice lightweight eye cream with spf
my skin feels so clean
healthy skin should feel
now it's even more enjoyable to do so after using this cleanser -- my skin is refreshed
clean without feeling itchy
it really works wonders with removing waterproof makeup
tight feeling on your skin
it definitely cleanses deep
my skin feels fresh
hydrated -- it is not drying
this cleanser gets my face so clean.
this cleanser comes out as a very fine
it leaves me feeling clean
this cleanser has me feeling fresh all day
made it feel balanced
it's gentle but still cleans my skin.
still gives you the clean feeling
my face is super clean
gets my skin feeling clean in one wash
my skin never feels tight or itchy just clean
i love how clean my skin feels after i use this cleanser
it makes my skin feel clean
so very gentle on sunned skin as well.
still makes me feel cleansed for a while now
it's a light airy foam that leaves my skin feeling completely clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean
leaving my skin feeling very clean
it works in the summer months when my skin is really oily
cleans well, is not very good with mascara.
healthy complexion while using it
also my skin feels hydrated
it cleans well to give me a fresh
this foamy cleanser has no exfoliation yet my skin looks ridiculously clear
my face feels very refreshed after i use it.
this foaming cleaner has really helped keep my skin nice
healthy looking with this
yet it thoroughly cleans my skin
this cleans my skin nicely
leaves my makeup free skin feeling very clean
my skin feels well cleaned
clean my face feels
keeps my oils at bay without making my skin look or feel dry
it work's pretty well for a cleanser
it lathers so nicely on the skin
i feel very refreshed after using this
my skin feels clean, but not stripped.
your skin feels clean after
i think it makes my skin smoother
i feel it reduces my acne as well
leaves my face feeling clean
lathers into a nice foam
leaves my skin ready to be toned
it helps my skin stay hydrated
if anything it helps my face feel refreshed.
the formula leaves your face feeling refreshed
this facewash gets my very oily skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling so smooth clean
leave the skin feeling clean
works great for dehydrated skin
it leaves my face feeling clean
my skin feels and looks healthier.
as a cleanser to keep my face in a happy state of equilibrium
really gets my skin clean
feels clean to the skin
after using this product my skin feels so smooth
really helps cleanse my pores
it keeps my skin looking fresh
leaves my skin feeling fresh.
keeps my skin clear
gets my face super clean
this product keeps me matte
it somewhat feels hydrating in a way
it leaves my skin perfectly mat
fills in pores amazingly
my foundation looks smooth
b's primer all over moisturized skin
your face looks smooth
if it works with your skin shade
this primer keeps me matte all day
glides on your face so nicely
it makes my skin so smooth
it's perfect for my very oily skin
it makes your skin so smooth and flawless.
i love how smooth this leaves my skin!
stay matte all day long
it really hydrates my skin without leaving it feeling tight
four stars because my combination skin still needs hydration in my cheeks
i don't actually know if it does a good good moisturizing by itself
my skin looks more radiant and so pretty.
it make my face smooth
makes skin look healthy without having to have that "dewy" look
lightweight, hydrating, clean feeling.
leaves my skin smooth
my skin looks healthy
it helps keep my skin well hydrated
it feels soothing on too
was left feeling moisturized
moisturized without that greasy feeling that a lot of moisturizers leave behind
moisturizer is light and does not feel greasy
very light weight feeling moisturizer
super moisture without being greasy
it really does calm redness and it is very light.
have always had trouble finding a moisturizer that will moisturize without adding to my shine
great for dehydrated and acne prone skin.
it is leaving my skin feeling calmer
it hydrates your face wonderfully
it helps keeping your skin hydrated
this keeps her face smooth
this cleanser also feels quite soothing once it hits the skin
i love this cleanser, it makes my skin relax!!
it leaves my skin moisterized and hydrated.
it definitely helps keeping my skin moisturized
always leaves my skin feeling smooth
leaves my skin smooth
it cleans so thoroughly
just massage very gently
leave my skin actually feeling hydrated before putting on a moisturizer
supple as when i was using lancome
it felt like there was still cleanser on my skin after washing it off since it's so creamy
also using the wet cloth makes your face feel more refresh
this cleanser is very soothing.
it leaves your skin nicely moisturized
tight feeling that some cleansers can leave
it is as smooth as cream
very hydrating while it takes off makeup
seems to nurture your skin
made my skin feel brighter
i always looked very refreshed
it feels so fresh
makes skin feel smooth
eyes looks so healthy
it was brighter and healthy looking.
it smells nice, non-greasy and light weight.
my skin feel and look softer and brighter.
leaves my skin moisturized with a healthy glow
my skin feels smoother and looks brighter
my skin feels much smoother and more hydrated.
my skin will look
my skin feels fresh
the serum glides really smoothly on my skin.
soothes my skin without being too greasy or feeling heavy
texture of my skin looks years younger
it leaves my face feeling smooth
hydrated without being greasy
my skin is so smooth
my skin feels hydrated without feeling heavy
i feel it's a nourishing
usually without moisturizer my skin feels tight
it leaves the skin feeling fresh and hydrated.
my skin feels calm
my face feels super hydrated
goes on easily, smells good and moisturizes well.
keeps my combination skin well moisturized !
it really smoothes out my skin
have made my face seem moisturized
makes me feel refreshed
this serum is definitely brightening as in i feel like my skin is a lot healthier
it keeps my skin moist all day
this is the only moisturizer that works perfectly with my skin
keeps my skin moist
moisturizes well all day
leaves my skin feeling really hydrated
it adds just enough moisture so that my face is hydrated
the next day it's complete moisturized
really made my skin look dewy
you can tell instantly that it is hydrating your skin
this hydrates very well without feeling greasy
keeps my face hydrated
leave the skin feeling smooth
it leaves my skin soft and well-hydrated.
my skin is smoother and feels bett.
very good for normal to oily skin.
this face cream feels lightweight yet effectively hydrating with out being greasy
my skin was so smooth
it really helped regenerate some moisture without making my skin break out or very oily
very lightweight, not oily, and smooth.
my skin feels hydrated
other creams that just promise to leave you hydrated
leaves skin very moisturized
the spf 30 rating makes me feel safe outdoors
clean scent which is important to me
it makes my skin feel moisturized
supple without making me feel greasy
it keeps my skin smooth
it moisterized my skin well
smoothen my face pretty well
it makes her skin look healthier
my skin feels smooth all day
keeps my skin clear.
it redefines your skins texture to a smooth finish while healing belimishes
not as light feeling as my shiseido moisturizer.
works perfectly with my primer
my skin felt hydrated
it feels light on the skin
i find this product moisturizes very well.
it leaves your skin dewy for quite a long time.
this is lightweight yet can moisturize so well.
moisturized for many hours
this moisturizer goes very well under my foundation
keeps my skin moist all day
it makes my skin look healthy, moist, firm.
my skin felt hydrated
so creamy and so hydrating.
makes my skin smooth
my skin looks healthy
this cream moisturizes completely without feeling at all greasy
this cream makes my skin feel great- goes on smoothly
the light formula leaves my skin well hydrated
it gives enough moisture and spf.
my skin felt hydrated
it's lovely waking up with skin still moisturized
it will moisturize but will not your skin shiny.
it's excelent night moisturizer leaving your skin feeling moist
it's just so hydrating
leave my face feeling refreshed and brand new
being 72 i really have to keep my skin hydrated.
it works perfectly well for my skin.
this is a great light-weight moisturizer that works great with my normal/slightly oily skin
you can almost feel the nourishment absorbing into your skin
give skin a very smooth appearance
leaves my face very clean
my skin is comfortable
i gave this 4 stars because the cleanser is so gentle
makes my skil feel smooth
it is a good cleaner
this cleanser is really gentle
leaves the skin clean
truly clean my pores
a lot of moisturizers that have spf are really thick
leaves my skin well hydrated
feeling moisturized for a long time
it's great for the day and it's super hydrating.
leaves my skin feeling smooth
is able to fully moisturize my very dry skin
i like the lightweight feel
my face feels moisturized all day long
shiseido kept my mom's skin youthful at 94.
provides good moisture for my older skin.
it has made it smooth and youthful looking again!
keeps my skin youthful looking
a lightweight moisturizer with spf that doesn't leave your skin feeling dehydrated or oily
this product keeps my face moisturized all day
excellent hydration for dry skin.
it's hydrating enough for my dry skin with spf
moisturizes skin very well throughout the night
i feel very hydrated the next morning
my skin is looking more hydrated
healthy my skin looks with this cream
for a night "cream" it is very light weight.
leaves skin feeling smooth and hydrated.
my skin feels hydrated
product does a great job to moisturize my skin.
keeps my skin hydrated
gives you the hydration you need
goes very smooth into your skin
skin is soft and hydrated.
moisturized my skin was
i'd like to believe it's the reason my skin looks as supple as it does
forehead lines plus it leaves your skin very hydrated
it leaves my skin smooth
well hydrated without being heavy or greasy
feels so light on the skin
feel of this smooth creme
while it gives me moisture
moisturized skin all over my face
my skin feels smooth
i tend to have dry skin as opposed to oily so this cream keeps my skin more supple
i just have smooth skin
when applied properly it makes your skin feel like silk
it is very rich and it moisturizes perfectly.
good night cream, really moisturizes mature skin.
my face looks refreshed
this cream helps my skin stay moist for longer.
hydrating cream that makes your skin flawless
keeps my skin hydrated 24/7.
my skin even feels supple now.
not getting enough fluids
it truly delivers moisture all night
luxurious rich night cream to help deeply moisturize dry skin
feel soothing on, leaves skin smooth.
it looks like it would be super liquidy
is actually very hydrating
in the winter i sometimes put a hydrating sleeping mask over
i want it to be hydrating enough for my cheeks
at the same time you can feel that this product is quite hydrating for an emulsion
it is truly a moisturizer meaning it makes your skin dewy
it hydrates my skin very well to give a good base for my later makeups
it seems to give my skin that supple
the fact that it helps keep my skin moisturized
left my skin moisturized
s to warm up the moisturizer
very moisturizing yet delicate enough that it doesn't clog my pores
my skin stays dewy all night
i could feel wrinkles forming
i like the night emulsion because it really does hydrate my skin
it's the only thing that has worked to keep my skin hydrated
leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin feels hydrated
it is rich and very hydrating.
it makes my skin feel hydrated
my skin feels well moisturized
it makes my skin smooth
it gives my skin all the moisture it needs
gives me baby-like smooth skin again
my face feels moisture
it hydrated my eyes
soothes my wrinkles helping my skin to feel young again
this super luxurious cream smooth's the skin around your eyes so well
i really am enjoying this product as it feels very hydrating
definitely hydrates my under eyes.
my under eyes are very moisturized
this eye cream is a very thick
it is extremely hydrating
i can still feel moisturized at the end of a 10 hour day
still hydrating enough til morning i wash my face
nourishing without feeling greasy or heavy
this eye cream is very greasy
my eyes look fresher
this product is very hydrating
this helps to hydrate immensely
hydrated my eyes feel as soon as it touches my skin
they feel so hydrated without being greasy.
the texture is very thick
the concealer stays put very well on top of this cream
it definitely makes my eye area hydrated
it makes me look refreshed in the morning
i prefer to put this on at night because when i get up in the morning my under eye area looks hydrated/moisturized
you feel extremely hydrated once its on your skin
it keeps the under eye hydrated.
it's hydrating, and my skin is smoother.
it is very hydrating but not greasy.
so hard to find a balanced eye cream
it feels so nourishing
my under eyes skin is completely moisturized
i find that this eye cream is very plumping
hydrates the under-eye area very well
it does an amazing job of keeping the eye area hydrated
keeps the area moisturized throughout the day/night
my skin still feels hydrated long after application
i love how hydrating it is.
it always helps my under eye concealer look smooth
leave my skin feeling refreshed
adds plumpness back to skin
my skin feels so fresh and clean.
leaves my skin feeling so clean
my skin feels clean
leaves my skin feeling refreshed.
my face feels so refreshed afterward
my skin feels fresh
cleansing balm by bobbie brown because i like to feel more clean
you'll feel refreshed after using it
these leave my skin feeling clean and refreshed.
skin feels hydrated afterward.
it cleaned my face very nicely
they leave your skin feeling fresh
leave you feeling refreshed
my face feels refreshed
they make my skin look very healthy
really leaves your skin feeling refreshed
shiseido pureness refreshing cleansing sheets oil-free alcohol-free wipes leave my face feeling clean
my skin feels clean and nourished each time.
these cleansing sheets are nice
make my skin feel very clean
my skin feels hydrated
keeps your skin feeling clean all day
find it gives a perfect matte finish while still being hydrating
love how it absorbs and keeps you matte.
clean on the skin
it keeps my skin matte almost all day
it almost feels like a gel.
very good for oily skin.
doesnt sit in the groove very tightly
my skin is hydrated all day with just small amount of application
leaving your skin smooth
this moisturizer is awesome for my oily skin
i love this moisture it makes me face feel so fresh
makes me feel instantly moisturized
it's thin, watery, hydrating, and mattifying.
the lightweight touch on my skin
it also moisturizes well
this does provide my face with a matte finish
switched to the mattifying one because it moisturized without leaving my skin feeling slick
lightweight - perfect for oily skin.
my skin feels hydrated
hydrating without being oily.
it is a very lightweight moisturizer that is giving my skin the perfect amount of moisture
love how this moisturizer feels lightweight
and it's super light and hydrating.
feels nice and hydrating for oily/combo skin.
i love it because it is so fresh and lightweight.
or the very sweaty
makes your skin looks flawless
i really love adding a bit of it to my primer to make it more spreadable
makes your skin super smooth
its a good moisturizer for oily skin for sure you get the moisture without feeling that heavy cream/oil on the skin after about 2-3 mins im ready for my foundation
my skin feels light
moisturizes skin for quite a while
my face feels so refreshed afterwards
feels comfortable when applied
this is the only moisturizer that has helped keep shine to a minimum while keeping my skin soft
my face is lightly moisturized
pros- skin soaks this up- skin feels tighter
i didn't break out and it kept my skin hydrated.
it keeps my skin hydrated
i really like the gel texture.
my skin doesn't get that over moisturized look because it absorbs well
this moisturizer definitely does what it says on the description: hydrating
i like this moisturizer because it is very light weight
keeps my skin moisturized
it feels like gel
it moisturized my skin without making it feel greasy or sticky
my skin feels hydrated
it moisturizes very well.
this moisturizer provides the perfect amount of hydration without feeling greasy
it moisturizes without making your face feel greasy
it is very hydrating
it made my skin moisturized
feels like you adding water to the skin
it moisturizes deep yet it feels very light.
wanted something that would keep my skin hydrated
still moisturize really well
keeps the skin supple
the gel-cream is amazingly lightweight
a little bit too moisturizing cuz it makes my skin kinda oily
it's so lightweight yet moisturizes so well.
very watery, easy absorbing, no greasy.
it has a really cool dewy feeling
it gives enough moisture to my skin.
it absorbs quickly and feels cool to the touch.
nourishes my skin so much
" moisturized feeling i look for in an overnight cream
it makes my skin so soft and hydrated!
my face feels smooth
hydrated in the morning
does wonders on my mature skin.
light moisturizers are just not enough for my dehydrated skin
i will never go back---- this leaves my skin supple
hydrated-- i use a little bit in the morning under my dior bb cream
this is a very nourishing product.
none work as well as shiseido in keeping my skin hydrated
moisturized skin is better skin even if you are on the oily end
definitely keeps my skin hydrated
it helps smooth my wrinkles
my skin is softer and hydrated!
my skin feels so supple
hydrated all winter long
my skin feels great and hydrated!
it looks so healthy
my skin feel hydrated and supple all day.
it keeps my skin moisturized
i can also wear this moisturized under makeup
my skin is much softer and it looks very healthy.
this leaves my skin just as hydrated
if not more hydrated than la mer
this cream is very thick
much firmer and moisturized at all times.
keeps my skin looking smooth
sinks right into skin while keeping it feeling moisturized
it certaily keeps my skin moist without feeling greasy
it does well at hydrating my skin now that it's getting colder
leaves skin feeling comfortable
my face feels balanced both winter and summer.
it makes skin so smooth and poreless.
balanced moisture for my combination skin
my face is well hydrated and yet not overly oily.
my face looks smooth
my skin feels hydrated all day
my skin looks more cleaning.
it keeps my skin extremely moist
i like it to be smooth
my skin is smoother
this keeps my skin moist
the texture of my face looking refreshed
my skin seems more refreshed
keeps me hydrated all day long
wonderful cream, super hydrating but lightweight.
my skin stays hydrated all day
the way it makes my skin feel after cleansing
feels light on my skin
my skin is definitely "dewy" in apprearance
the white lucent lotion was not moisturized enough for me
which makes my cheeks look perfectly flush
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
exfoliates my skin so well that when i put my facial lotion on afterwards my skin feels as smooth as a babies
my skin feels clean afterwards.
that being said i have pretty normal to oily
my skin is pretty oily
it makes my skin feel clean and fresh.
get a good lather from
leaves your skin looking
i make sure to moisturize right after i use it.
it leaves your skin feeling super clean
smooth on your skin
makes my face feel fresh
it feels so clean
it is a very foamy cleaner
very foamy and lathers great!
it cleanses your face really well
leaves your skin feeling clean.
my skin was so smooth
my skin looks fresher
i love how this foam cleanser makes my face feel.
leaves your face feeling rubbery clean!
moisturize your face visibly
i feel so clean after washing.
it leaves my skin feeling refresh and smooth.
it does make your skin lighter
it keeps my skin feeling clean
my skin feels so healthy
i hate when cleansers make your skin feel tight :
it makes my face feel super clean.
smell good and cleanse well
never leaves your skin feeling tight
it lathers so nicely
the texture of this cleanser is so wonderfully thick that i feel like it sticks onto your skin while cleansing
it does leave your skin feeling tight
leaves my face feeling smooth
it leaves your skin feeling super clean
it lathers up into this rich foam that feels so good on your skin
leave smooth feel on face
i felt the difference in my skin texture
make sure to moisturize immediately after cleansing as it will tighten skin
leaves feeling very clean
really leaves my face feeling clean
it makes my skin really dewy looking
makes my complexion look very healthy and bright.
it softens so well without feeling or looking greasy
how lightweight it feels
gives my face a nice supple glow:
my skin feels greasy afterwards
how it feels weightless
when i do wear makeup my skin looks fresh
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
it really feels like it's moisturizing deep into my pores
my skin was more toned
moisturized without feeling greasy
my skin is so smooth!
this product moisturizes my face very well
the proctective cream is definitely thick
i think it works well because the white lucent cleanser can feel a bit drying
it keeps me moisturized all day
keeps my skin very well hydrated
using just a little bit every night makes my skin really moisturized
moisturizing really tiny bit of amount is good enough
makes your skin feel so well hydrated
it keeps my skin hydrated
it is certainly hydrating
makes my eye area stay smooth
al about eyes rich gave my skin a healthy foundation to age well
keeps my under eye are moisturized
this eye cream is perfectly simple-
good hydration as well.
it definitely keeps the texture of my under-eye skin smooth
really helps with puffy
it's very gentle and hydrating.
i needed a moisturizer that keeps the area under my eyes hydrated all day
perfectly enough to moisturize your eye
very hydrating without feeling greasy or heavy.
this is the only product that has ever moisturized my eye area
i truly helps with puffiness which is hard to find in an eye cream
i like this under my eyes for hydrating!
'm always in need of moisturizing the skin underneath my eyes to keep my eyes feeling happy
it moisturizes so good!
i gave this product 4 stars because it does hydrate my under eyes
it helps with caking of concealer which is great too
it is a thick cream, but it absorbs so nicely!
hydrated in the morning
it slathers really well
the primary reason i use eye cream is to make sure that delicate area stays moisturized
it helps me look awake and refreshed!
it is very hydrating
i felt like this cream moisturized my under eye area very well
it does hydrate well
it moisturize very well.
this eye cream also helps keep this delicate area well hydrated without feeling greasy
it does a great job at keeping my eyes moist
has left my eye area feeling supple
really leaves your skin feeling deep-cleaned
my face feels clean
it gives me a cool yet calming feeling
my face stays pretty matte for the rest of the day
leaves my skin feeling clean
still makes my skin feel clean
i feel that it is gentle for my breakout-prone
it cleans my skin nicely
i am not sure if it is reducing oiliness as i have very oily skin
my skin felt healthier
the face cream gives you just the right hydration
it leaves my skin feeling clean
the clear-calm acne clay cleanser
leaves it feeling cleaner
a lot more hydrated than before
smooth it all over my skin
this definitely helps balance the oiliness without making the rest of my face feel dry
leaves the skin looking healthy
especially after a mild exfoliation this product will calm
leaves my face feeling supple
my skin now feels super smooth
my skin feels fresh, clean and moist.
it makes your sin feel clean
leaves my skin smooth
your skin feels fresh after
my skin is super clean
this one made my skin feel clean
healthy as when i use this facewash
it makes my skin feel clean without the residue that i have experienced with other cleansers
i love the refreshed feeling after i rinse my face
it transforms into a light lather that goes on a bit cool on the skin
leaves your skin so smooth
leaves your skin feeling clean and fresh.
it makes feel my skin clean
refreshing feel without stripping your skin.
clean it leaves the skin feeling
with this cleanser you get that squeaky clean feeling without the discomfort of being tight
the natural ingredients calm irritation as well balance the skin
leaves my skin feeling moisturized
hydrated without making it oily in my t-zone
my face feels balanced.
i love how this cleanser leaves my skin feeling cool
my rosacea stays balanced when i use this.
i love how nourishing this cleaner feels.
this product leaves your skin feeling moisturized even after you rinsed it all off
helps calm my redness
leaves my skin feeling smooth
leaves skin feeling clean and moisturized.
my skin feels clean after
it cleans well while keeping your skin hydrated
made my skin feel very refreshed
leaves my skin feeling supple, light, and fresh.
leaves it feeling clean
moisturized which is a great thing
really your face should feel moisturized after you wash it
still it cleans your skin perfectly
my skin is more moisturized
it will leave your face feeling moisturized
it makes your skin feel so hydrated
the ren replenishing gel this all together has made my skin so soft
my skin felt fresh
it feels very refreshing on the skin
the pump is impeccably hygienic
it does clean off my night creams
calms my skin more
it leaves my sensitive combination skin very moisturized
this facial cleaner feels the way it's described!
it moisturized my face
i always keep repurchashing this calm cleansing milk
so soothing on my face.
this cleanser is so gentle
this really helped calm my skin down.
this one is much more hydrating
it has a cooling sensation which feels really good for fatigued skin
my skin has never looked so healthy, glowy.
this one leaves it with a clean feeling
my skin is super clear
my skin looks so balanced and smoothed and calm.
this cleansing milk feels good
it makes my face look visibly cleaner
leaves your skin feeling hydrated
it seems to be working pretty well keeping away some of the oiliness
because it calms my skin
it leaves the face feeling moisturized
my skin is moisturized
my skin always feels calm and clean afterwards.
actually leaves my skin feeling clean
still makes my skin
it has been doing a good job of keeping my pores clean of dirt
this cleanser actually leaves my skin calm
nice, gentle hydrating cleanser.
its all natural ingredients help eyelashes stay hydrated
it helps keep the skin moisturized
overall it works fine for me and my oily skin.
this one is very hydrating
this gel is safe for the lids.
i am happy with the way this product reduces the puffiness under my eyes
and it kept my eyes hydrated today.
the gel helps rehydrate the areas around my eyes
is so smooth a refreshing
the gel is very soothing
it brings a cooling feeling to my eyes
it helps with puffiness too
it makes the eye area feel moisturized
really absorbs into my skin
makes the eye area feel nourished
hydrating going on without being greasy
my skin felt so bouncy
i wake up and my skin feels plump and hydrated.
leaves my skin looking so healthy
my skin feels firmer
soaks in really well.
leaves your skin feeling supple
relaxes the skin for a good nights' rest of rejuvenation
i generally have oily/combo skin so finding something that's hydrating without making me oily
in the morning i wake up to a firmer moisturized face with a more even tone
it works beautifully on sensitive skin to calm down the irritation
my skin feels smooth
it was able to hydrate my skin without being greasy
this product feels refreshing on my skin
texture is not smooth
moisturized skin that feels the same way in the morning
it still feels moist
left a clean feeling in addition to the perfect amount of moisture on my skin
it perfectly moisturizes the dry areas
it is soothing and moisturizes deep.
feeling more relaxed from using this product
they leave my skin very hydrated
i don't find it as hydrating as the global day cream which i think is strange since the day cream should be lighter
it helps with texture of the skin
acne-prone skin feel smooth
think that ren's revitalizing night cream is helping my skin heal
my skin is smoother
lightly moisturized with a great glow to it
your skin feels so smooth
my skin is very hydrated in the mornings after lavishing this on the night before
it felt very moisturizing like a traditional thicker night creme however it does not have the greasy or thick after feel whatsoever
my face looks smooth
i realized my skin was much more hydrated in the morning with that
the product really rejuvenates
leaves my skin well moisturized
my skin looks rested
makes my skin seem supple
feels smooth without being greasy
even during the middle of winter makes my skin supple
it moisturizes very good
it reminded me a lot of my organic pharmacy seaweed clay mask because it makes your skin feel very clean
makes it so smooth
this just makes my skin look cleaner
it leaves your face super smooth
my skin was really cleansed and smoothed.
made my skin so smooth
it works very well for cleaning my pores
after every wash my skin feels
cleaned out my pores quite well
i do notice my skin looked cleaner
my skin feels clean and refreshed after.
it really helps with blackheads.
my skin is toned, glowing, and hydrated.
it left my skin toned, smooth and refreshed.
it has got a smooth texture
my skin is so clear and smooth.
the texture of my skin is very smooth
the texture of my skin is way more smooth
my skin feels so smooth
this leaves my skin feeling smooth
i exfoliate a couple times a week because this product does feel like it leaves a bit of a residue
my blemishes would create a strong texture just under the surface of my skin
very hydrating with weightless feel, like water.
this cleanser keeps me smooth
smooth with better texture
this is a great cleanser that works wonderfully without drying or foaming at all
leaves my skin clean, clear and comfortable.
it keeps my skin clear
can feel it tingling
my skin feels amazingly smooth after i use this.
i also use the derma doctor calm cool
this product leaves my skin smooth
my skin never felt so refreshed
my skin looks healthier.
my skin feels fresh
my skin looks healthier.
this exfoliating wash has really helped make my skin smoother
skin is super smooth after
my skin had been getting very textured
exfoliating every day was too hard on my skin
this face wash is so gentle
my skin felt smooth instantly
this wash give you the exfoliating clean feeling you want without being too harsh
exfoliating and leaves my skin so soft and clean
appreciate the thorough yet gentle exfoliating action
it has very fine granules
was alittle nervous using an exfoliator am
my skin is super smooth after i use it.
makes my skin feel so smooth
it would exfoliate nicely
does clean the skin thoroughly
it is a gentle exfoliating cleanser that leaves my face feeling smooth
i only really exfoliated like 2-3 times a week before that
it made my skin smooth
i love how much it exfoliates
keep your skin smooth as well
with the gel like texture gives sort of a cushion to not overly exfoliaye your skin
my skin looks more healthy and alive.
i feel refreshed every time i use it.
it leaves my face smooth
love the product, leaves my skin super smooth.
my skin is smooth again
the exfoliate is so super fine it is not harsh on your skin
it makes my skin feel fresh
leaves my skin feeling smooth
leaving skin feeling very smooth
it does mildly exfoliate
it is so gentle that it truly cleans my skin
it exfoliates without being harsh or hurting the skin
with my clarisonic it got to a nice foamy lather rinse is really clean
it really exfoliates without being harsh.
it is just gentle enough for my skin
it leave my skin as smooth as a baby's
exfoliate skin very gently
get irritated with too much exfoliation
really cleans the pores
spf/everything off before relaxing
keeps my skin clear
which is always a concern with exfoliates
this cleanser leaves my face feeling clean
my skin felt smooth
improve the texture of my skin
i can actually feel my skin firming as i am rubbing it in
my skin is smoother by the day.
my skin is definitely firmer and brighter:)
it is still smooth
it's very hydrating and is absorbed quickly.
it feels softer and looks healthier.
skin looks clean and healthy.
it feels super refreshing and hydrating.
the best part for me is that my skin looks more refreshed in the morning
when i wake up - my skin looks fresher, smoother.
yet my skin is still supple
moisturized my sensitive skin without making it irritated
it's lightweight but feels very hydrating.
my skin feels so smooth without feeling greasy.
my skin feels smooth
this is a really good nighttime moisturizer for my combination skin
perfect level of moisturizing that keeps my skin feeling hydrated without being greasy
it is very light feeling but very moisturizing.
my skin feels super smooth
the tube keeps the product nice and clean!
it moisturizes very well
light weight, it felt amazing on my skin.
my skin feels smooth
i notice how smooth my skin looks
moisturizes with out making my skin greasy.
leave my face feeling well moisturized
really keeps me hydrated nicely.
it keeps my skin very moist
my face is so smooth.
my skin stays comfortable throughout the night
i think my skin looks healthier
your face feels very smooth.
my skin feels nice and hydrated in the morning.
actually moisturized all day long
this product is excellent for night use-you wake up moisturized
moisturizes my skin without making my skin feeling too oil/greasy
skin feels rehydrated, soft and radiant!
absorbs quickly and makes my dry skin feel great.
leaves skin feeling comfortable
i see smoother skin
these two together gives you the most hydrated
for me it was super hydrating and brightening.
my eyes looked more relaxed
this has completely eliminated them as well as moisturized
i am also using the ptr anti aging face cleanser which feels amazingly clean
i find that it hydrates quite well
it balances out my skin leaving it feeling hydrated
leaves my face looking refreshed
it goes perfectly under my makeup
at the same time had all the ingredients to nourish my skin was hard
this is a good lightweight moisturizer that is just enough for my combination skin
this is a great moisturizer for dehydrated oily skin
this works great to give me hydration without making me oily or shiny under my makeup
this lotion absorbs really fast
works really well when paired with the umbrian clay mattifying primer
the look this lotion gives is hydrated, not oily.
i feel that the lotion is too lightweight to really help my skin recover
leaves your skin feeling moisturized
my skin feels very moisturized
now the finishing touch of this ultra light cream
supple skin is the result
very good for oily skin
the pump is excellent however during the winter months this wasn't moisturizing enough even with oil added to it
this lotion definitely helps keep oil at bay.
the lotion feels good
with clinique i always felt a thin film on my skin
i get good hydration
it does a very good job calming my skin.
it moisturizes beautifully without making my skin greasy
i love how it still keeps my face moisturized
it makes my skin feel so clean
it makes my skin feel baby smooth
leaves my face feeling moisturized and refreshed.
it makes my skin feel moist
leaves it feeling clean
yet your skin feels smooth
makes my skin feel refreshed without feeling greasy at all
would still smooth out my skin
leave it feeling hydrated all day long
my face isn't looking supple.
my skin feels moisturized
still makes my skin moisture
this moisturizer makes my skin feel great
very good produce for oily skin system
it does hydrate well
i finally found a night cream that makes my face feel refreshed
wake up with nourished soft skin when using this product
it feels super smooth on my face
it is really thick
supple when i wake up in the morning
my skin is perfectly moisturized
great moisturizer without making me oily.
you really don't need a lot to be fully moisturized
it keeps my face moisturized
hardly need any moisturizer because my skin wakes up supple
leave the skin hydrated
this ultra-nutritious night cream absorbs as i sleep
sure i *thought* i cleansed
this night cream seriously seems to provide the perfect amount of hydration to my skin
it makes my skin
when i touch it my face actually feels moisturized
so the fact that this night cream leaves my skin smooth
hydrated without feeling too clogged up
make me look refreshed
makes my skin feel very refreshed
this cleanser tends to already dry out the skin so make sure you moisturize
this leaves my skin feeling refreshed without over drying
my skin looks and feels cleaner.
my skin just feels so clean
get in there and clean my pores!
this cleanser has help sooo much in smoothing out my skin
leaves it feeling clean
my skin feels so clean after i use this.
it really leaves my face feeling super fresh
but clinique works and feels gentle on my skin.
it left my skin so smooth
how healthy it looks
make sure to get the moisturizer
my skin feels clean
i read a while back that these types of products work better after you have moisturized
gentle cream works perfectly in those situations
it still hydrated my face for the evening
you can eat healthy
it keeps it calm
the texture of my skin feels like a babies
didn't make me breakoutso hydrating
moisturized extra well each day since i noticed that
this gel makes your skin really sensitive to sunlight so make sure you put sunscreen on if you wear it during the day
the texture of this is like a very thin gel.
make my face feel fresh
helps keep his skin clean
they leave your skin feeling tingly
refreshed-almost like you just had a facial
these are perfect for before bed skin refresher.
it helps clean my pores
the pads are also great as they do help exfoliate the skin
one of these pads really makes your face refreshed
keeps our skin clean and clear.
i love the smell of the pads my face feels so alive after i use the toner pads i will keep using these toner pads for the rest of my life
an excellent toner that actually adds moister to your skin
my face feels clean
they leave your sklin refreshed
leave the face feeling refreshed
makes you feel extra clean
very hydrating and can be easily absorbed.
this makes your skin feel so smooth
leaves my face refreshed
it makes my skin feel so supple
i feel that it has helped cultivate my pallor very nicely
keeps my texture down
still gives me hydration
makes my skin feel so comfortable
i wasn't sure it would be moisturizing enough for me
my skin looks incredibly healthy
ends up feeling very lightweight on the skin
makes me feel evenly moisturized
moisturized in one night
my face feels refreshed
no greasy feel to this cream.
my skin feels so smooth every morning i wash my face with water
my skin still have the smoothness
it does what it says- it moisturizes
nourished in the morning
the morning after my skin feels so smooth
hydrates perfectly without being heavy!
makes my skin baby smooth by morning
caudalie line really helps heal post acne breakouts
helped get my skin smooth for makeup application after a bad stress acne breakout
i wake up feeling so moisturized
my skin is more supple and fresh than before.
this cream has balanced it out amazingly!
it's so hydrating and lightweight.
i feel my skin has been smoother
my skin looks healthier
i did find that it moisturized
moisturized in the morning without that greasy feeling
my skin felt so healthy
it makes me feel pampered.
my face still felt moisturized
my face feels very smooth
acne-prone skin is so healthy because of it
it moisturizes my skin without leaving a greasy feeling
it makes your skin well moisturized
this moisturizer not only makes skin feel velvety smooth
i can feel the cream stimulating my skin
keeps my skin looking fresh
this product give me smooth
my skin feels smooth and moisturizer.
moisturized with this product
it definitely helps with my resting -itch face
my skin is firmer
the way my skin feels smooth
this night cream is perfect weight
my skin is much more moisturized
i wake up to supple
very good feel ; thick and lasting
skin felt supple especially waking up in the morning
you put in on and you feel refreshed.
my skin looks younger
in the morning my skin feels very smooth
makes my skin feel super clean
this soap keeps skin clear
this acne facial wash is pretty good!
soft, clean, and great for keeping acne at bay.
really cleans your skin well leaving a fresh feeling after
leaves my face very clean
still gets it very clean
this soap is strong enough to combat my acne
i now have smooth skin
it leaves your skin feeling oil free
it lathers well, its a gentle formula.
i'd love for my skin to look naturally flawless.
my skin felt very fresh
it exfoliates without being too harsh.
it leaves my skin feeling very clean
makes your face feel smoother after washing your face with it
using this super lathering bar in the shower keeps me clear
not too creamy not too gel-like
i notice that it leaves my skin super clean
makes my skin feel clean.
the cleanser lathers nicely
leaves my skin feel clean and tight free use.
oily skin for a very long time
this product makes my skin feel so clean
my skin feels very clean
it also makes your skin feel super clean
this cleanser seems so gentle
also powerful in the sense that it cleanses so thoroughly without leaving my skin feeling dry
it really purifies my pores
this helps clean out my pores
it really cleanses my skin well
it's perfect for my combination very oily skin.
i leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin doesn't feel dry afterward if i moisturize
both cleansers leave the face feeling clean a comfortable
my skin definitely feels fresh
my skin felt cleaner and looked healthier!
my skin feels fresh
supple after using it
makes my skin feel very clean
when i use it my skin is very clean feeling
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it foams and cleans very well!
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it lathers so amazingly in your h
still leaves my skin feeling supple
it lathers up really nicely
it leaves my skin feeling super clean
it cleanses really well
it really cleans the skin
leaves it looking refreshed
it leaves your skin clean
though i do still wear a thin layer to perfect my complexion
but this cleanser is super gentle.
it is perfectly balanced.
the gel is really easy to foam up
it rinses away leaving my face feel smooth
this product cleanses very thoroughly without drying out your skin
i feel like my skin is less irritable now!
the lightweight consistency is great for my oily skin as well
it was very cooling sensation
it has given me smooth skin
i don't feel it moisturizes at all
your face feels smooth
my skin was smoother
my skin feels fresh
i appreciate that it is weightless
that it leaves my skin feeling very clean
his skin seems smoother.
very lightweight -- like the feeling of it on my skin
my skin looks smoother and ad healthier.
makes my skin feel very smooth
tonic i feel has definitely cleared my skin up
this product keeps my skin clear
my skin immediately started to feel more moisturized
smooth consistency of this cleanser
it leaves my skin feeling clean
i feel this makeup cleanser have help me out to control the oiliness
great gentle cleanser definitely will buy again does help with redness
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
i love this cleanser because my skin feels fresh
this cleanser was a real solution to my irritable skin
smooth it leaves my face
this works wonderfully on keeping the redness under control
it's soothing and softens my skin while cleaning.
it has made it smooth and moisturized.
this will give you a smooth clean with no irritation
it keeps my skin feeling fresh
this works very well to tone down redness in skin
it is so soothing to the skin
it keeps a lot of moisture in your skin
my face feels clean
smooth my face felt
i feel smooth without feeling oily or having that tight "squeaky" feeling
this cleanser has really helped calm my skin.
my skin seems to be recovering nicely with this combo
this cleanser is very soothing
leaves my skin feeling smooth
it leaves it feeling clean
this works very well in cleaning my face without aggrevating the rosacea
she said it is working wonderfully to reduce redness
it's so comfortable on my skin
it really calms the redness
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
leaves your skin feeling like you've already moisturized
it hydrated my face amazingly
i feel that the moisturizer is the perfect amount for my skin
it looks well hydrated
s i've tried that keeps my skin calm
my skin feels hydrated
this cream really soothes that area of my face
it's a very thick moisturizer
feels weightless even though i has a pretty thick looking consistency in the jar
it calms my pink cheeks and really moisturizes.
it is very hydrating without being oily.
i feel as though it does calm the redness down.
most of all- is gives me hydration without feeling greasy
everything was so soothing
this keeps my skin balanced
my skin feels calm , less red..and moisturized!
it really helps to calm my skin
this cream calms my face
it is so soothing
it is the only lotion i have ever found that keeps my face heathy
this product is a great for soothing skin irritated by wind
as i actually needed to calm my skin
it calms my skin
this helps calm it which my cheeks way less red
leaves my skin smooth
moist skin feel like
this cream definitely helps to calm my skin down
this does seem to work in calming my skin
my skin feels instantly moisturized
this really keeps the redness down
this really helps sooth my skin
this really does calm
it feels so cool to the touch
my skin feels tighter
my skin is healthy
my skin just feels healthy now.
my skin looks healthy and well-nourished.
yet you know your skin is being nourished
day moisturizer i've used in the last 2 years that keeps my skin moisturized throughout the afternoon
the more i use it the more it seems to keep my skin supple
it does provide plenty of hydration while you sleep
also has kept my skin well moisturized this winter
while it makes my skin smooth
had a lot of texture in my skin because my skin got very irritated when using physical exfoliators
my skin is as flawless as a baby
gives skin a very healthy glow that lasts for at least a day
just moisturize good afterwards.
it makes it feeling smoother
my skin feels smooth
my skin looks refreshed
it really smoothes my skin
my skin was smooth
pros:-made my skin feel/look super clean after rinsing off-smells nice-small amount of product
my skin feels smoother afterwards
i feel that my moisturizer penetrates the skin
my face feels smoother
just makes my skin smooth and clear.
you can feel it tingling
the feel of your skin afterward is like smooth glass
my skin is so smooth
my skin feels smoother
refreshed after using this mask
my skin felt supple and smooth afterwards.
my skin is already more even and hydrated.
my skin felt much more hydrated
it keeps my pores clean
it left my skin super smooth and polished.
it looked more clear and refreshed.
felt as though it would be great for me because of the fruit extract acids
consistency is pretty thick
my skin is so smooth
it helps my skin produce collagen to make sure everything stays firm
it also makes me feel confident that i'm protecting my skin from the damaging effects of the sun if any rays get through my sunscreen
help keep my skin healthy
it keeps my skin clear and even toned.
it's so fun to mix the powder with my moisturizer
this also helps my skin have a healthy glow.
it mixes into my moisturizer nicely.
my skin feels and looks smoother.
my skin was hydrated
it's very moisturizing and smells nice too.
i never looked awake or refreshed
my skin feels super moisturized
keeps eyes hydrated and looking bright.
its so hydrating too my under eyes feel so revitalized
my concealer goes on very well
my only drawback is that it isn't very hydrating
makes me look more awake
this cream is light- definitely a day-time cream.
the skin under my eyes seems lighter
it is hydrating and smooth.
keep the skin around the eye moisturized
it keeps my skin feeling so light
i personally love how light yet hydrated my skin feels because i always follow with a facial sunblock
i still enjoy having weightless moisture on my skin--so the moisture surge is fabulous
this does a great job of moisturizing my skin without feeling too heavy
i prefer a more moisturized feeling on my skin
if you like a drier feel this is a decent moisturizer
it keeps it smooth
how healthy it looked
absorbs into my skin so nicely
by day 2 fully moisturized
let me tell you this moisturized saved my skin
it leaves your skin feeling smooth to touch
during months when my skin isn't so dry this is the perfect lightweight moisturizer that lays beautifully under makeup
healed up a chemical burn so this is very hydrating
this is pretty thirst quenching for my skin
this hydrates my skin perfectly without giving that greasy feeling
hydrates your skin amazingly
just beautifully hydrated skin.
it is a gel that glides over the skin nicely
looked for a good oil-free moisturizer
i can overlook it because it's been keeping my skin very hydrated
the weight felt luxurious
it was cool to the touch
i still felt refreshed
my skin felt supple
it's so light weight and refreshing on the skin.
skin feels hydrated all day.
it hydrated my skin so quickly
now my skin is way more hydrated all the time
my face feels very supple
hydrated without feeling greasy
this keeps my skin hydrated all day
not only is my skin hydrated
my skin looks smoother
hydrates enough for winter
my skin loves the gel-like consistency
it moisturizers my skin so nicely.
it is really light weight
i feel hydrated all day
my skin instantly feels hydrated
it makes my skin feel well moisturized without leading to breakouts
it's not heavy on the face keeps it very hydrated
your skin feels so smooth
this feels like a cooling gel when i put it on
really feels like it locks in the more intensely moisturizing products while protecting my face from the elements
this one has left my skin so supple
it's light-weight and really moisturizes my skin.
love the gel texture because my skin just drinks it in
stays hydrated without feeling greasy
this moisturizer works so well for me.
cream makes my face feel super greasy
i love how lightweight yet hydrating the gel makes my skin feel
unlike most super hydrating moisturizers this one leaves my face feeling soft
it has a very rich texture and is very hydrating.
my skin feels so comfortable with one layer.
it goes into the skin so effortlessly without it feeling too thick
my face is more supple in the am.
i've struggled to find a moisturizer that truly absorbs into the skin
it moisturizes so much
makes face makeup look amazingly
no breakouts, just healthy glowing skin!
really plumps the skin
left my face nicely moisturized
this is the first product i've used that manages to keep my face hydrated without getting greasy
my skin feels so plump afterwards
it left my skin dewy and moisturized.
leaves the skin very smooth
plumps my skin and evens out my skin tone.
this moisturizer feels smooth going on
this cream keeps me hydrated
even though this cream definitely prolongs my skin's hydration
my skin looks radiant and hydrated.
properly moisturized skin is the most essential makeup trick
i really think this moisturizer makes my skin smoother
although it feels light on the skin
my skin is still very oily by the time i get home from work
my skin looks refreshed
lightweight feel on my skin
like keeping my skin hydrated despite having combo skin
if your skin craves moisture-this will fit the bill beautifully
perfectly balanced hydration for my combination aging skin
it makes my skin smooth
it makes my dry skin feel better
it functions much more like a very strong exfoliant
it even feels comfortable under makeup.
my skin looks healthy again.
i wake up with my skin feeling like it has been hydrated all night
my skin feels more hydrated and comfortable.
face feels refreshed in the morning.
it moisturizes well without making skin greasy
my skin feels hydrated and so smooth.
my face just looks natural
it makes my skin look
in the morning my skin does look smoother
my skin is smoother
my skin is smooth
yet makes my skin feel hydrated
my skin is smoother
feels very gentle and sinks right into the skin.
this product is just the perfect solution to my night regimen as well as giving my skin the nutrients it needs to keep me looking healthy the following day
my skin is more toned and looks healthy.
leaves my skin feeling smooth.
it cleanses my skin very well
my skin feels fresh after using it
my face feels clean and not tight.
am loving how it keeps my skin fresh
it seems to keep my acne at bay
rinse with cool water
it feels so fresh
i feel my skin smooth
my skin feels smooth
clean and fresh without feeling tight.
it does leave skin feeling fresh
my face feels clean
this soap feels so smootlh
my skin is super clean
leaves my skin feeling conditioned
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin clean
this face wash is so gentle
leaves it feeling so smooth
this cleanser makes my skin feel clean
even my oily skin feels refreshed
makes my face feel super clean
your face is perfectly clean
leaves my face feeling clean
my face will feel tight if it’s not moisturized at least twice a day
leaves skin feeling extremely clean
you skin feels flawless
makes my skin look
my skin feels clean
leaves a very clean feel - no residue.
this gets my face clean without feeling stripped of it's natural oils
it makes my skin glow and feel super refreshed.
leaves my skin looking
my skin became smoother in texture
it hydrates the skin around my eyes without a heavy feel
it makes them so refreshed
skin around eyes is very smooth
i feel that it delivers what it promises in hydrating the eye area
my skin felt hydrated all day
keeps your under eye area hydrated
my eyes look fresher and more hydrated.
the skin under my eyes feels so smooth
it is non-drying yet cleanses wonderfully
this cleanser does both--my skin feels really clean after
leaves me feeling so clean
my skin seems fine
makes my complexion look alive not dull.
love how my skin feels clean
this product really cleanses the skin without drying it out
it cleans up my skin nicely
healthy after i wash
leaves your skin feeling clean
it leaves my skin feeling very smooth
it leaves my face feeling clean
it feels clean, fresh, and looks "brighter".
this product cleans oily skin really well.
i feel fresh and my sensitive skin loves it!
my skin is flawless!
it is a quick wash, very fresh.
leaves my skin feeling really clean
leaves it feeling very clean
my skin feels smoother
it left my skin feeling refreshed
this citrus facial wash is really good.
makes it so clean
this product leaves my skin feeling very clean
moisturizes it as well
this is the only one that leaves my skin feeling clean
face feels super clean after washing.
makes the skin feel clean after use
keeps skin very hydrated
it foams up a little bit and smells very fresh.
this facial wash leaves your face feeling great.
it leaves my skin clean
this cream is very hydrating
this moisturiser leaves me the feeling of being freshened
my skin is moisturized
i get tons of compliments on how healthy
my skin feels very clean and smooth.
leaves my skin looking healthier
my skin is so smooth
your face feels firmer.
my skin feels hydrated
she can feel her skin better after washing face with this foaming cleaner each time
it cleanses my skin really well without drying it
does not make me feel too dry and cleanses well.
keeps my skin hydrated
it makes my skin feel like a baby skin
makes my skin feel smooth
i feel like i got a facial
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it just feels clean.
it does a nice job of keeping my skin clean
cleanses the skin well
really gets your skin clean
is also very hydrating
and feel smooth after using it.
clean my skin feels after
said it was a gentle cleanser
it cleanses the oil very thoroughly
this seems to focus on what my skin needs to be healthy
its a mild face wash that makes my skin feel good
this product makes my skin feel clean
this foaming cleanser leaves my skin feeling clean
like the feel of this cleanser.
my skin feels cleaned and refreshed and not dry.
leaves skin feeling light
leaves my skin feeling clean
very hydrating throughout the day
airy foam cleans my face very well
yet it feels refreshed
it makes my skin feel super clean
you can feel the oils in it hydrating your skin long after washing your face
leaves you feeling clean
although it is a foam it is really milky
i love the clean feeling.
this product will leave your skin perfectly moisturized without being greasy
my face is left feeling extremely clean
i love the way this cleanser freshens my face!
it lathers pretty well
after washing face i truly loved how refreshed
my skin feels more hydrated
it keeps my skin hydrated
it's light weight and absorbs really fast.
for summer i need a lighter moisturizer that won't make my skin feel greasy in hot
keeps my skin hydrated all day
this really moisturizes my skin
leaves my skin perfectly hydrated
irritation in my skin leaving a healthy
skin feels super smooth
some customers have mentioned that this product isn't hydrating enough for mature skin
my skin feels quenched.
keeps my skin clear
the ren day cream really help calm my face
it moisturize, matt finish, not oily.
face feels moisturized all day
it really does moisturize
my skin is healthy and dewy!
gives a deep feeling of hydration
it keeps moisture from escaping your skin making it happy
i must say its very hydrating
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
this cream is so lightweight
a thick cream that soaks into your skin so nicely
how it leaves my skin super hydrated
great product that moisturizes the skin while being lightweight
keeps my skin really hydrated
lightweight yet still keeps my skin moisturized during the dry winter
beyond perfect for my dehydrated
my skin feels soft and well hydrated.
it keeps my skin hydrated-
my tone is smoother
it also keeps my 40 something skin moisturized for up to 10 hours
once it does my skin feels supple
feels fresh on the skin
it's very hydrating, not greasy.
feel hydrated following an application
leaves my face nourished but not greasy.
lightweight but enough to moisturize.
i am very glad that i made the right choice by getting the vita-mineral because it is so lightweight yet deeply-moisturizing
my only concern is that i am not sure it is moisturizing enough for me
this day cream leaves my normal-to-sensitive skin smooth
if it is really warm i go with boscia's oil free day lotion
having a healthy look to it
this keeps my skin hydrated and flake free.
it is so nourishing
it's not greasy but is incredibly hydrating.
this cream is very thick feeling
my face is calm
my skin feels very pampered.
supple my face feel through out the day of wearing this product
my skin was just not as glowing and moisturized.
makes your skin feel protected
it moisturizes without the greasy feel.
it has the perfect balance of ingredients to keep your skin moisturized without feeling or looking oily
my skin is night
it left my skin hydrated & smooth, not greasy.
having eczema it is hard to find something that is actually nourishing
this cream works so well with my combination skin
this has helped me calm my skin
really feel like this does a great job at moisturizing my skin
leaves the skin smooth
my skin gets extremely dehydrated
this moisturizer smells so good
smells nice and feels good and calm on skin.
not only does this product make it feel hydrated
after you massage it in feels lightweight
it feels super soothing on my face
it keeps my skin hydrated all day long
this moisturize has helped keep my skin smooth
it feels natural and light weight on my face.
light scent & keeps my skin hydrated.
perfectly moisturizes my 19 year old skin
no allergic reactions, feels pretty hydrating.
it absorbs pretty well
this cream leaves my skin feel supple
a very small amount of this cream keeps my face moisturized
i am super picky about how moisturizer feels/sits on my skin
has a very calming effect on my skin
this seriously keeps it calm
it moisturizes for sure
is quite hydrating without resulting in an oil slick
it definitely hydrates and soothes the skin.
its pretty thick and moisturizing i love it!
your skin will definitely be moisturized
it leaves skin feeling supple and hydrated.
my skin feels moisturized
i get the sensation that my skin is soaking up miracle ingredients that work to calm it down
makes my skin look glowing healthy gorg
so hydrating yet it still keeps your pores from being clogged
keeps my face matte all day
leaves my skin smooth
not a extremely hydrating mask to where you can actually wear it every night
it is so soothing, so lightweight, so amazing.
it makes my skin feel like it is so hydrated
ren's ingredients are pretty natural
it's been a very nice night time moisturizer for my oily congested skin
it keeps my skin looking smooth and oil-free!
it's hydrating without being oily.
it keeps me matte all day
it truly keeps me matte all day yet provides my skin with enough moisture to make it look plumped
has a very light weight lotion texture that absorbs into the skin right away
my skin stays matte
maintains my face moisturized all day long.
it keep my skin smooth
it's hydrating enough for the dryer side of my skin while helping the oily side of my skin maintain balance
my face is smooth
still not hydrating enough for me
it provides decent hydration without being oily
my skin is pretty oily
the matte balancing fluid is great for day time
this product makes my skin feel incredible without clogging my skin or making it feel oily
it hydrates just enough
ren's matte balancing fluid works very well at keeping my very oily skin under control
still keeps your skin moist
the matte finish it provides lasts me all day
it has a light clean completely natural fragrance that i like as well
when you wash it off your face is glowing healthy
it leaves my skin refreshed similarly to the sk-ii mask
the mask makes your skin feel tingly
i think it is a nice product to pamper yourself with
makes the skin feel moisturized
it leaves skin feeling fresh
my fine wrinkles are getting softer
it is very hydrating to my dry skin.
it moisturized my face
i'll use the fresh moisturizer when i need something a tad lighter
also very hydrating for winter
my skin has never been this soft and hydrated.
i love this cream because it's very hydrating
made my skin look healthier.
hydrated the next day
this cream will make your skin feel very hydrated
this makes my skin feel refreshed
i found it to be very hydrating
in my opinion is more hydrating
not too oily and absorbs well.
my requirements are reasonable: moisturize without feeling greasy
my skin looked smooth
keeps me moisturized during winter days
rich texture that still manages to not feel greasy on my oily/combination skin
hydrated all day long
hydration of my skin after even one use was amazing
quenches that "thirsty" feeling my skin has
my skin becomes hydrated and looks healthier.
this cream leaves my skin looking refreshed
it's hydrating without leaving a greasy layer.
my face felt so refreshed and clean.
it does feel a bit oily
the texture of the cream is really greasy
when i put it on my face it instantly feels supple
it is really hydrating
really softens my skin.
super hydrating on my dry skin
at night my skin feels moisturized without the grease or heaviness
my skin looks and feels younger!
this delivers the moisture i really need
i notice my skin feels
also makes my skin supple
as it's very hydrating
it leaves me smooth
gives your face a tingly feeling
it stays moist, so fine to use in shower.
what it does is calm your skin down
has the skin feeling like a baby's bottom
most of all leaves your skin looking refresh
the texture is smooth yet pretty thick.
skin feels so smooth after
makes my face smooth
leaves my face looking refreshed
my skin was so smooth
can brighten your skin tone very well.
made my skin so smooth
because it leaves my face feeling so smooth
you appreciate the tingly cooling it gives you
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
feels like a baby's skin
my face feels clean
my skin felt so smooth
supple skin then get this mask
it left my face very moisturized after i washed it off
surprisingly my face turned out so moisturized
my face felt very fresh
pros: after washing off skin felt smoother
my skin feels firmer and very smooth.
your mouth feels so clean
feels so nice even on oily skin
i think this mask will make your skin smoother over time given that mine looked more supple after i took it off
this mask made my skin feel very moisturized
feels cool after rinsing
my skin felt so smooth
it makes my skin super soft and hydrated.
help calm my irritated skin
it is hydrating and very softening.
makes you feel completely refreshed
i find it to be relaxing.
would definitely recommend to those with dehydrated
this will add a supple feeling to your skin after you use it
it leaves my face feeling refreshed
leaves skin with a clean fresh feeling
my dry flaky nose felt incredibly moisturizes
this product makes my skin look hydrated
i noticed my skin feels much more hydrated after using it
when i tone my skin
after rinse i feel that my skin are so clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my face feeling so clean
love it and it clean well make me feel fresh.
i love the clean feeling this cleanser leaves behind
great cleanser, deep clean.
it leaves you feeling both clean and refreshed.
i like it better in the summer helps out with the oily skin
it is an excellent cleanser for normal to oily
it leaves your skin with a fresh
it cleans my skin perfectly clean without a drying feeling
this is perfect-it leaves your skin feeling super-clean
it really leaves your sking feeling clean
leaves your face feeling so clean!
gentle yet leaves a very clean feeling afterward
leaves my skin perfectly smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
i feel so fresh and clean afterwards.
makes my face so clean
my skin feels clean like with soap
it keeps my skin clear
rinses off clean, and make skin feel soft
leaves my skin feeling clean
clean my skin perfectly without residue
thoroughly cleans it too
also feels very clean
your skin will feel cleansed
very rich in lather
it leaves my face feeling clean
it's very clean and fresh.
it makes your skin feel so clean.
i truly like this very gentle to the skin even for mine i have acne oily combo skin
hydrated when i get done cleaning my face
my skin is healthy
my face feels clean
it leaves my skin feeling so clean
have perfectly clean skin with no residue
it makes a great lather wash to my face
it foams nicely as you rub it into your skin
my skin feels clean afterward
makes my skin feel squeaky clean while not dehydrating
it leaves my face feeling so clean
it provides a good deep clean feel.
it lathers so well
makes my face very smooth and clean.
this cleaner makes my skin feel
my skins feels so fresh
it lathers so well!
face feels so clean!
it leaves my skin feeling perfectly clean
you can feel your skin has been cleaned well
this makes my skin feel tight
very few cleanser leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it does a fantastic job of deep cleaning my pores without irritating my sensitive skin
i love the clean feeling without feeling my skin being stripped
my skin is left smooth, clean and fresh feeling.
i've noticed how my skin maintains that healthy glow
most cream cleansers don't give me that satisfying clean feeling
worked perfectly as an exfoliate
this cleanser makes my skin feel so fresh
this cleanser has really helped to tame my skin
i find it rinses very cleanly for me
leave my face feeling super clean
my skin clean and balanced.
leaves your skin feeling totally refreshed
combination skin that gets really oily fast
i feel clean after i use this cleanser
i feel smoother after washing
it cleans my skin so well
it leaves my skin feeling perfectly clean without any residue
your skin feels clean
my face feels thoroughly cleansed
the cream is very thick and lathers up nicely.
leaves my skin clean
this cleanser leaves my face feeling clean
it leaves me a smooth
leaves my face feeling smooth
it's really foamy nd cleans perfectly.
i really like the feeling after cleaning wirh this cleanser
really enjoy how gently
yet thoroughly it cleanses without drying out my skin
my skin feels clean and smooth.
when you wash it off your skin feels very tight
its so gentle on your skin
cool, refreshing, and removes make-up perfectly.
this water cleanse is very soft
your skin feels clean and refreshed.
it gives a very clean feeling.
my skin feels perfectly clean
it leaves skin clean
makes my skin feel refreshed
your skin feels really clean
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
it feels like water going on your skin it refreshes me
it makes my face feel clean
it feels so fresh
it feels like pure water
leaves my skin feeling very clean
it makes my skin feel so soft and nourished.
it makes my skin look dewy and healthy.
i cleansed with a very gentle cleanser
i kept with the routine of a gentle cleanser
it leaves my skin very moisturized
makes my skin overall look so healthy
found this worked really well to keep my skin moisturized
this oil keeps my skin moisturized all day
makes your skin look younger
keeping moisturized is a challege
it was so smooth
leaves my skin feeling so moisturized
wake up with a hydrated face
it makes it look smooth
feel greasy after application
my hair looked fuller and felt softer.
my skin is much brighter and more supple.
this product gives me enough moisture
this oil really helped calm my skin
this oil seems to keep my face hydrated
it does a great job hydrating especially when used with drunk elephants whipped moisturizer
it's very light and nourishing.
my skin absorbs this oil so perfectly
it always calm my skin down
helps to not dehydrated the skin!
keeps my skin very hydrated
it helps a lot with flyaways
high-quality oil that makes my skin look healthy
my skin is so smooth
it makes my skin look flawless throughout the day
this product leaves your skin feeling so smooth
really helps with hydrating dry spots
(smooth like baby skin!)
i love the way my skin looks so refreshed in the morning
my skin is incredibly supple
my lips are hydrated
my skin feels soft, moisturized and looks glowy.
this oil is so lightweight it never feels greasy
its an all around hydrating workhorse.
loved the hydration it provided
my skin feels softer and smoother but not oily.
hydrated without irritating or weighing down my skin
my skin feels so hydrated
these moisturize without any greasy feel
leaves my skin feeling fresh
use throughout day to keep my skin hydrated
it feels so hydrating
i'd even have a perfectly moisturized spot on the back of my h
it made my skin feel so hydrated and soft!
the liquid is a cool whipped like consistency
this product can hydrate your skin nicely.
it helps my skin feel plump
it definitely does hydrate
i just need a smidge of this to hydrate without that feeling of a heavier moisturizer
yet still feel hydrated
recommend this product to anyone wanting their face to look supple
it leaves my skin looking
i've tried everything to keep my skin hydrated.
this is an amazing hydrating serum it absorbs so nicely into the skin
with my first use my skin looked refreshed
this really plumped my skin
my skin looks smoother
it helps keep me smooth
keeps my skin so smooth
definitely plumps the skin
my skin immediately looked healthy
keeps all of that hydration into the skin
smoother feel to my skin
this leaves your skin fresh
overnight it hydrated my skin
the hydrating power is great
it definitely helps to hydrate the skin
my skin feels moist
my skin feel less tight
my skin immediately felt hydrated.
hydrated skin very fast
my skin is now so smooth
it instantly calmed and hydrated my skin.
this product helps keep my hydration in my skin
i feel like this product plumps up my skin.
my skin does look healthier
it really soothes the skin
my skin feels smoother
much more moisturized within a week
healthy skin is simply moisture
supple with out any greasy feeling
maybe my skin was just happy and well hydrated.
becoming a hot mess this moisturizer is an easy way to get a little natural glow throughout the day too
it keeps my skin very well hydrated all day long.
absorbs nicely and is comfortable under makeup.
very nice for oily skin
this definitely keeps it hydrated
does a good job of moisturizing my skin without making it feel oily
keeps me moisturized all day long
moisturizes my skin amazingly
this is a great product that keeps my skin well-moisturized
the non-greasy formula moisturizes flawlessly without making me look "sticky"
that would also moisturize very well
keeps my sensitive skin feeling moisturized.
my cheeks feel moisturized
really soaks into your skin fast
i find that the oily version of this moisturizer does the best job of providing moisture without feeling greasy
i like it because this is very moisturize
it feels lighter on my skin
i found that this works a lot better in keeping my skin moisturized
the only thing i don't like is the very strong sunscreen smell
very good light moisturizer.
feels like it moisturizes for the whole day
- rich cream moisturizes without any greasy feeling
my face stays hydrated all day long now
my skin looks really healthy
this goes smooth without being greasy :
my skin feels so smooth
keeps it looking healthy
this is the only moisturizer that keeps my face feeling moisturized all day
my skin is smoother
the moisturizer feels very good
this moisturizer is definitely preventing my skin from looking haggard
a very good moisturizer for mature skin.
you skin stays moist all day
it definitely keeps my face moisturized the entire day
leaves my skin feeling dewey all day
this moisturizer is great because my skin feels hydrated all day
can tell skin is less moisturized
i really like the light weight feeling of this moisturizer
leaves my skin feeling
this moisturizes it very well
it makes my face smooth
this leaves my skin moisturized all day
my face has been more smooth baby skin feel.
makes your face feel very smoothly
this moisturizer is wonderful for dry skin.
oily skin does not mean moisturized skin
great balance of being moisturized without being too greasy
it leaves the skin perfectly smooth and hydrated.
my face feels hydrated after every time i use it.
so i have oily, but pretty clear skin.
my face feels clean and fresh!
it balance my skin
leaves me feeling perfectly clean
makes my skin feel squeaky clean without the tightness
it is just a very clean line that leaves me feeling very refreshed
this just makes my skin feel fresh
i searched long to find a good cleanser that would clean my combination skin well
it is very gentle but cleanses really well.
it makes my skin feel sqeaky clean
wash because it's so hydrating to my h
it does clean wonderfully
my skin looks and feels healthly.
my skin feels very clean
i need my cleanser to be really gentle
wash once a day because it's very hydrating
the cleanser makes my skin feel clean
it leaves my skin feeling light
this cleanser leaves your face very clean
jurlique makes my skin feel healthy
very very moisturizing i love the whole jurlique line
it is really thick
your skin must be clean
you feel absolutely hydrated
this cream goes on so smooth
it left my skin feeling really hydrated
really nourishes your skin at the same time
my skin is much more hydrated
it has really helped soothe my t-zone dryness.
this is the only moisturiser i've tried that even comes close to rehydrating my skin
i also enjoyed this cream at night to make sure my face was pampered after too much sun
my skin is well hydrated
it moisturizes without the heaviness or greasy feeling that other mousterizers leave you with
moisturizes me as much as i need
use it under my tinted moisturizer when i feel i need extra moisture
stays moisturized all day
this is the first moisturizer that has kept me hydrated ever
this moisturizes my eyes really well
does great job hydrating the eye area
helps eye makeup stay too
this eye cream fits the bill perfectly!
it's super hydrating without being heavy
i love this product because it is so hydrating
it holds the same treasured quality: it is hydrating without being irritating
my eye area is hydrated
my eyes always feel perfectley hydrated after using this cream
this cream is ultra hydrating without being greasy
it kept my skin matte all day!
my makeup stays on matte all day long.
i strongly feel that with the proper oily skin foundation
my face stays matte all day
the result is perfect: my skin stays moisturized
this keeps me from being shiny all day without making my skin feel dry
now my face stays matte and i love it!
works great as a moisturizer that keeps oily skin at bay
i feel like my makeup performs perfectly
it keeps my insanely oily face matte for a very long time while still feeling somewhat hydrated
moisturized with no oil
it can definitely help oily skin.
it is so smooth
this keeps me matte all day long
this is amazingly mattifying
it feels kinda thick
nothing keeps my skin matte
mportant for people with oily skin to know that their skin needs moisture so this product is a great way to stay in their comfort zone
still hydrate the skin
this product is very good at reducing the feeling of oiliness
this product does a good job of keeping my skiing matte for several hours
really cleanses through your skin
helps my makeup stay matte
my face feels moisturized yet matte right when i put it on
it is super moisturizing with out leaving you with that slick feel or look
without make-up it controls my oily skin very well
it keeps my face hydrated and matted.
it's very thick but it spreads nicely.
let my skin feel clean and comfortable!!
this cleanses your skin so well that you might want to moisturize afterwards
moisturize after this and you should be ok.
this leaves my skin feeling super-clean
left my skin feeling clean
it lathers up very nicely on your skin
leaves my skin very refresh
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
make my face feel super fresh
this soap foams up nicely
and a tube lasts quite a while.
this cleanser cleans my skin very well
i feel clean after i use it
always leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves it feeling clean
have a wonderfully clean face without irritation or excess dryness
the skin just feels rejuvenated
leaves it feeling clean
it makes your skin feel super clean
your face feels clean but not stripped of oils.
it makes my skin feel tight
it leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin feels so clean.
it's very clean feeling
leaves my face feeling very clean.
after rinse off, skin feels very natural.
making you feel fresh
was so smooth afterwards
still make my skin feel hydrated
pros:- this cleanser leaves your skin feeling clean
my skin stayed perfectly balanced
with a little my skin felt so clean.
this foam leaves your skin feeling so good
this leaves your skin feeling clean without feeling stripped
smooth, fresh clean feeling when you are done.
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves my face feeling so smooth
it lathers up very nicely
plus it really hydrates the eye area
this cleanser is really gentle
it leaves my skin feeling clean
i feel extra clean
my skin feels super clean
foams up quite nicely
my face feels clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean and refreshed.
reasonably gentle foaming cleanser that washes off leaving my skin feeling fresh
need to keep my skin really clean
this has been the only thing to keep my skin hydrated
it really moisturizes all day
it soaks into my skin nicely
the skin around my eyes have felt more supple
keeps your skin moisturized all day
my skin feeling to tight
my skin is so smooth
feels so light-weight
felt extremely hydrated w/o greasiness
it does smooth out the skin
supple feeling on my skin
i am 64 and my skin looks smooth and hydrated.
it really seems to prevent puffiness
my eyelids look much more supple
it keeps my eye area hydrated the entire day
also helps to smooth out any puffiness or dehydration lines
the regenerist plumped my skin better
getting enough sleep is ideal
it does sink in nicely for a smooth base for concealer also
my undereye area looks and feels smoother.
my lids are more taut & smooth.
helps a lot with puffiness too.
it gives that "totally moisturized" feeling as only perricone can
for a retinol product it surprisingly leaves skin feeling very hydrated
it is pretty high concentration so my skin still feels tingly
i still have hydration in the morning
now my skin is even toned
my skins skin tone has definitely evened out
my skin texture is so smooth
it looks so healthy
said i my skin looked so healthy it was glowing
my skin looks very healthy
my skin is smoother
this has made my skin feel smoother
hydrated enough during winter
it leaves my face feeling so smooth
it's not as good as the boscia revitalizing black hydration gel
so happy i found a moisturizer i can use daily without feeing like my skin is burning off
it really hydrates well
leaves a pretty glow on your skin after it has absorbed
supple skin that is perfectly hydrated
this is lightweight and hydrating.
pros: great for my sensitive skinsmells nicelightweightnon greasyhas dispenservery hydrating
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized.
i would definitely purchase nourish again
my skin feels smooth
my skin is well hydrated without any oiliness
my skin feels so nourished
leaves my face hydrated without an oily feeling
this one is lightweight leaves my skin feeling moisturizer yet not heavy slick or greasy
keeps me moisturized without looking like a grease ball
felt i needed a lightweight moisturizer
it leaves a nice nourished healthy look to my skin
both keep my face hydrated all day
it keeps my hydrated
i not only feel hydrated
my skin stays hydrated not greasy
this moisturizer does enough to balance out my skin tone
this product rejuvenates me every morning!
this moisturizer is very good if you like a lightweight moisturizer
it really nourishes my skin without leaving it greasy
hydrated at least for 12 hrs
this is a perfect day time moisturizer that is lightweight
light yet moisturizes really well
it actually feels like it's nourishing my skin
hydrating and smoothing but not sticky.
it leaves my skin smooth
this moisturizer feels great and absorbs quickly.
this product makes my skin clean
to my surprise this cleanser cleans very well
my skin always feels clean afterwards
my skin never feels tight after i rinse
still leaves my skin feeling very clean
they feel too thick
i always feel refreshed
leaving skin feeling soothed
really cleans out my pores
this cleanser has been a life safe
leaves the skin feeling clean
this is a nice gentle cleanser that removes make up
leaves skin feeling clean
it lathers quite nicely
be sure to really keep lathering for 30 seconds as it suggests to get the best clean
smoothy, moisturized, clean and gentle.
smooth my skin feels after using gentle daily wash
it leaves my face feeling extremely refreshed
my skin feels clean
leaves my skin clean
this product really helps with the oiliness
your skin will be very clean
gentle and gets the job done.
leaves skin feeling hydrated and soft.
works well with a face brush too because it lathers up nicely
still cleans my skin
my skin is calm
leaves my face feeling clean
appreciate that my skin feels clean
your face feel clean
leaves your face very clean
this leaves my face feeling clean
it felt very soothing.
my face seemed to be very clean
leaves it feeling clean
it's very mild and rinses off well.
it's gentle but cleans well!
it leaves you feeling clean
my face feels clean
i truly appreciate deep cleansing my skin without irritation
it really cleanses the skin
yet it feels clean
oil free moisturizer does the great job to keep skin hyrdated
it leaves me feeling clean
my skin is clean
wonderfiul you feel so squeeky clean and smooth
leaves my skin feeling very clean and refreshed.
my skin feels exceptionally clean and refreshed.
my skin feels more hydrated
it leaves my skin clean
leaves me skin feeling refreshed
it leaves me feeling super fresh.
my skin feels so smooth
this cleanser makes you skin feel smooth
i clean off my makeup with philosophy purity
my skin feels so clean after using it
it even feels like it soothes the breakouts
makes your skin feel fresh
my face truly feels clean with no skin-pulled-over my cheekbones feeling
my face feels clean
gives you a very good lather
made my skin feel so smooth
my face feels amazingly clean
my skin feels clean after use.
does a great job thoroughly cleaning without making your face tight
leaves my skin looking fresher
the cleanser is very deep cleaning
this products leaves my face clean & smooth.
feels so nourishing on your skin
makes your skin feel refreshed
this works perfectly for my skin
leaves my face smooth
it has a nice smooth mattifying effect yet moisturizes without being greasy
after using it for a week you feel the different the skin is hydrated while acne is reducing
it is a nice light weight moisturizer
this is a simple light moisturizer that leaves my face feeling hydrated
keeps my skin hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
layers well with makeup and is gentle on skin.
my skin looks very hydrated after applying this
this moisturizer works great in the areas i am very oily
it moisturizes my skin fairly well.
so this moisturizer feels a bit heavy
it makes your skin feel sooo smooth
with this lightweight moisturizer i don't feel greasy
it balance my skin tone .
i love this moisturizer because it is hydrating enough to keep my cheeks moisturized without breaking me out in the t zone
leaves my skin silky smooth and hydrated.
i even feel like it soothes my mild acne.
my skin felt more smooth
it's a very lightweight lotion that absorbs easily
great product leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves it feeling so smooth
this works perfectly with my very oily skin
this keeps my face hydrated but not oily.
soaks in quickly, makes my skin feel hydrated.
my skin still feels hydrated when i wake up in the morning
not sure how well it minimizes my oily skin
this moisturizer has really improved the texture of my skin
it does hydrate it well
this product actually keeps my face matte yet still hydrated
this keeps me moisturized all day long without me feeling like my skin is producing extra oil to compensate
this moisturizer is hydrating enough without making you feel like a grease ball throughout the day
back to the moisturizer---smooth
soaks in so your skin feels moisturized
it really hydrates my skin
leaves my skin feeling moist and fresh !!!!!
it keeps my skin hydrated
make my skin oilier or feel sticky
my skin feels refreshed
once every night is enough to keep my skin hydrated
my skin absorbs the moisture and feels fresh.
it helps keep my skin clear
keeps my skin clear
so make sure you moisturize
it feels like a light hydrating lotion with no tacky feel or mask-like feeling
which i feel like keeps my pores more open to the treatments i use
super smooth as a makeup primer
keeps on working to keep acne
make sure to use a nice hydrating lotion afterwards
cream just to stay moisturized
i definitely need to exfoliate more
it was quite calm
made my skin very irritable
is great for dehydrated skin
it keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day.
i find that my skin looks plump healthy
my skin looks great and it is hydrating enough.
it balances out my combination skin perfectly.
for winter makes my skin feel protected
wake up to hydrated skin
immediately it felt soothing to my skin
i feel so moisturized throughout the day
non-greasy moisturizer that works decently
my skin is moisturized but not greasy.
becoming more solid as opposed to being a bit watery which i feel makes my skin even more moisturized
it really works hard to hydrate your skin.
my face feels well moisturized immediately
this moisturized without being irritating
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated well into the next day
my face instantly felt hydrated
it has hydrated my skin
my skin was moisturized
supple in the morning
the rep recommended it when i told her i'm having a hard time find a moisturizer for my oily skin that works well in combination with my spf
it's lightweight and hydrating at the same time.
its provides good hydration
my skin looks nicer because it's properly hydrated
now that in mind this is the best moisturizer i have ever used the goat milk is so soothing to my acne prone skin as well as its so deeply hydrating without being greasy
also the pump is super cool.
hydrated in the morning
so hydrating, yet absorbs quickly.
perfectly absorbs into skin leaving no residue except soft hydrated skin
décolleté for me i am dry more mature super sensitive skin at 40 it doesn't feel or seen emollient tho looks
my skin was craving extra moisture
moisturizer really works wonderfully
it leaves my skin hydrated
heavy enough so your face feels fully hydrated
not greasy, and enough moisturize at night.
super moisturized, not heavy or greasy.
really moisturizes at the same time
leaves your skin feeling cool
this cleanser works so well with the clarosonic
my skin feels super clean
makes all of my other products work better because my pores are super clean
my skin feels clean
it smells great and cleanses my skin thoroughly.
it seemed that this exfoliating cleanser would be a better fit for my oily skin
i love the way this cleanser makes my skin feel
it keeps my skin clear.
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
feels super cool to the touch on the skin
this cleanser gives your skin a tingly clean feeling all over
works wonderfully to cleanse without drying out my skin
it made my skin feel really clean and fresh.
i get clean skin
this exfoliator truly gets the deep dirt
after using this cleanser my skin feels absolutely clean with no residue leftover
makes my skin feel refreshed
feels super smooth on the skin
this was a very nice, soothing, moisturizer.
i found this moisturizer very hydrating without leaving my skin greasy
i feel my skin looks fresh
makes your skin look clean
works wonders on my skin
my skin is smoother
i can tell i need more hydration-this product has smoothed me out
my face feels very hydrated and smooth!
it makes my combination skin smooth
my eye area feels hydrated.
this is the only eye cream i have found that keeps my under eye area hydrated all day
it's firming and very hydrating.
everyone compliments my skin
definitely helps hydrate my skin
my skin looks healthy
i constantly get compliments from others on how youthful my skin looks
it helps to make it feel healthier
my face is back to a normal tone and hydrated.
it does a great job of keeping my face hydrated
my face feels extremely hydrated
hydrating my mature skin
leaves you feeling nourished
it is the only thing i have found that is super hydrating
i feel it has absorbed
it makes my skin look
i am constantly getting complimented on my complexion
leaving my skin feeling smooth
this makes it feel so moisturized
the way it absorbed perfectly into my skin without making it feel/look oily
hydrating when my skin is oilier than it is during the fall/winter months
leaves your skin smooth
it does make my skin look dewy
soaks into skin nicely.
really massage it into my skin
pretty quickly my skin absorbs it all
leaves your skin hydrated
it is certainly hydrating without leaving the face oily
hydrated after using it
it does what it says: my skin looks youthful
my skin looks smooth
immediately makes my face feel hydrated
this is exceptionally hydrating and soothing.
supple all day long
my skin is so smooth
it makes your skin look perfectly dewy
it helps keep me hydrated
my skin looks healthy
my face is very hydrated and silky.
it cleanses without giving you that uncomfortable tight feeling other acne cleansers cause
this foamy cleanser makes cleansing my skin more enjoyable as my skin feels moisturized
it leaves your skin super clean
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my skin feels smooth
it gets your skin clean
it lathers nicely if you add more water
i love how the scent is very clean
it leaves me feeling refreshed
it lathers very nicely
leaves the skin feeling fresh
did i mention the scent?leaves my skin feeling clean
this leaves my skin feeling clean
makes my face very clean
it made my face calm and smooth.
you want it to be healthy
clean my face nicely without overdrying it
i do like a good cleanse
foams wonderfully, cleanses well.
really get your skin clean
this cleanser gets my skin fresh
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
it is a hydrating cleanser so very little moisturizer goes a long way too
i love that the cleanser gets my skin clean without making it feel dry
your skin will feel that way too: clean
leaves my face feeling clean
thoroughly cleans your skin
gives clean squeeky feeling after use
it feels so smooth
my skin looks hydrated
it gets your skin really clean
i love how well it cleansed my skin
my skin feels super clean without feeling stripped
it smells like clean face to me
it's difficult to find a cleanser that makes my skin feel clean
it also has an amazing calming smell which relaxes me every time i wash my face
adds oils to my face to keep me hydrated
cleanses thoroughly but not drying.
i usually like a really rough exfoliation
leaves my face feeling clean
i feel clean after using this cleanser.
i feel extremely refreshed
this stuff really visibly pulls out the impurities
makes skin more hydrated, soft and even.
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
it leaves my skin so hydrate it.
makes it feel healthy
my skin is smooth, even and hydrated.
i felt refreshed afterwards.
it also really accomodates my gentle skin
workout perfectly for me!
i am always hesitant to try something moisturizing because that can cause my chin to break out
at the same time, it moisturizes my skin well.
this has made my skin so clean
leaves the skin moisturized but not stripped.
achieves a very thorough clean
it's so hydrating also
my face feels cleaner
the other great thing i found was that it rinses cleaner
and then it leaves you super hydrated.
how it keeps the skin around my eyes moisturized
cleanses off fabulously leaving me with a clean complexion withou any residue
it makes your skin super clean
we just want to clean our skin leaving it silky smooth
this cleansing oil leaves it ultra clean
it left my skin smooth, clean, and supple.
makes my face feel so clean.
it cleans my skin very well
just feel the foaming cleanser leaves my skin softer
i think it does a great job of gently cleansing the skin
it keeps my skin flawless
it leaves your skin feeling refreshed
my skin is looking brighter healthier
not only is it super hydrating
leaves my skin moisturized.
keeps my face so hydrated not oily!!!!
my skin feels tight
hydrated even though to the touch it feels like there is nothing on my skin
it keeps my skin hydrate
but this gel works amazingly.
all that's left is super smooth skin
hydrating my skin feels
it feels so good on my combination oily skin
this refreshing hydra-gel is indeed very hydrating
skin feels like silk and well moisturized.
my skin instantly feels hydrated when i apply this i love it
it gives you enough hydrating
hydrated all year round
i love that it feels so lightweight
refreshed skin after using this
your skin feels hydrated all throughout the day
my skin looked refreshed and plump.
so smooth and youthful looking.
keeps it hydrated while preventing me from getting super oily throughout the day
dare i say my skin is hydrated
bamboo juice does the trick by hydrating deeply without any greasy feeling
my skin looks so healthy and radiant.
it does very well hydrating the skin
stays moisturized all day long
my skin is soooo hydrated
keeps my skin hydrated all day
this lightweight moisturizer feels so light going on
well hydrated from morning to evening
excellent moisturizer..does not make my skin oily
this one is really hydrating
this gel is very hydrating
i know my skin is being moisturized
feels refreshing and hydrating to the skin
it also leaves me really hydrated
this is a superb moisturized that seems to help calm my skin
it makes the texture of my skin better
this lightweight gel is perfect during the summer
this definitely helps to calm that down
hydrated my skin like nothing else i've tried
have always struggled to find the balance between moisturized skin
makes my skin feel plump
this moisturizer is perfect in the spring/summer -- it's lightweight
skin is refreshed and moisturized.
my skin looked healthier
for me it was not moisturizing enough for my somewhat dry skin
has a nice gel-weight cream
giving it a supple youthful look without looking greasy or breaking me out
it works perfectly fine on my skin
it makes my skin feel so supple
very hydrating- my skin is smooth
it help my skin feel and look healthier.
my skin looks hydrated
i think it helps with my hyper pigmentation
the lotion felt quite soothing
brightens my skin as well.
you can feel your skin soak it up like a sponge
my face looks fresher
it makes my skin look so healthy
my face looked hydrated, without being oily.
it makes your skin so healthy
makes my face look so refreshed
it somehow manages to be gentle yet exfoliates really well
it also feels cooling or slightly tingly when it is being absorbed in the skin which i like
this product does a really good job of keeping my skin moisturized
my skin looked so radiant and healthy.
my skin looks so refreshed
this serum leaves skin with a velvety smooth texture which means that you need far less foundation than you normally would as make up just glides on
my skin was more hydrated
it brightens my skin and clear the acne.
i can report that it leaves my skin feeling nicely mattified
it looks so healthy
it realy does make your skin glow healthily
it does leave my skin looking healthy
my nose felt smooth
it is a very light-weight deep cleansing masque.
this masque really absorbs the oil on my skin
my skin feels tighter
then put a calming natural lotion on afterwards because it can make my skin a little dry feeling
smooth my skin felt afterwards
it gives a cool tingly feeling
left my skin feeling amazingly smooth
it made my skin smoother
always cleanse my face
my face feels tight
very refreshing and helps elimiate blackheads.
my skin feel soft and well hydrated.
my all skin texture just looks smoother
keep your skin feeling fresh
this makes him glowy,well-rested and sexy!
it seems to help smooth the skin under my eyes.
wake up in the morning with smooth moisturized under eyes
comfortable feeling under eye area
while it feels very oily when applied
it is a liquid formula that you pat around the eye it really helps for puffiness
very hydrating and the oil soaks in quickly.
i do wear an eye cream over it too for hydration.
lines gone, moisturized, younger looking!yay!
it is very hydrating and lightweight.
the mosture stays on all day and feels non oily
be sure to massage in
the texture of my skin is better
my complexion is starting to look a little refreshed
it makes my skin feel firm and smooth.
my skin was amazingly smooth
it keeps my skin tight and toned.
my skin looks smooth
the 'face lift' does give you a feel of youthful collagen-full skin
leaves your skin feeling smooth
i just love how supple my skin has been looking.
my skin feels like baby skin.
hydrated my skin feels
on first application my skin looked hydrated
it does exactly what it promises- i wake up with supple
this evening repair helps my skin feel healthier
it makes my skin feels clean and healthy.
my skin texture is even
my skin is super smooth
has balanced my skin nicely
my skin is firmer
leaves your skin clean
leaves you feeling clean
so make sure you moisturize after you use this
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
it makes your skin feeling fresh and smooth.
after this mask your skin looks so clean
my skin can get very oily
my skin feels so clean
fresher looking skin all around
a must have facial scrub that really makes your face feel clean
need something to calm my skin this is the mask i go for
it leaves my skin very healthy
also keeps my skin smooth
this works perfectly for my blemishes
leaves my face feeling really clean
my skin would feel de-congested
this mask feels so fresh on my skin
leaves it feeling smooth
my skin feels really fresh
it keeps my skin clear
unclogs pores pretty well
this cleansing mask is a gentle soothing way to clean out your pores
it washes off feeling really pleasant and clean.
exfoliates skins very well
my face was smooth
after washing, it feels really fresh~
my skin feels smooth
it is wonderfully hydrating without being too heavy or at all greasy
it keeps my skin clear
this product adds a long lasting moist feel to your skin
this just makes my skin smooth
it absorbs very nicely
my skin looks smooth
hydrated without feeling greasy
leaves skin feel smooth
hydrated without any tacky
hydrated my skin without causing me to be overly oily
leaves my skin looking healthy
my skin was smoother
this lovely aging process has now required me to use a quality moisturizer
leaves the skin moisturized all day long
this went on smoothly and is very hydrating.
leaves my skin more supple and smooth.
almost feels like an overnight hydrating mask
my face was smooth
stayed hydrated all day
also keeps away wrinkles amazingly
my skin looks smoother
my skin is now balanced
because the texture is just smoother
it's not overly-hydrating
my skin is so smooth
i really like that it provides hydration
works amazingly with the eye cream.
leaves my skin looking
this moisturizer makes it even more smooth without feeling greasy
this moisturizer left my skin feeling refreshed
my skin was smoother
hydrated all day long
i do use a little less in the morning since i mix my moisturizer with a very strong sunblock
it went on my skin very smooth
is wonderfully moisturizing without being too heavy
my face feels smooth
my skin looks and feels smooth and tight.
very hydrating to mature skin.
it has hydrated & plumped my fine lines.
this is really hydrating
my skin looks and feels fresh, calm and rested.
my skin is so smooth, hydrated and poreless.
it's helped my skin look healthy
my skin was smoother
skin was not smooth
the cream is very nourishing
which makes me feel more spry
cool feel on your skin
since i started: my skin is firmer
my skin is much more hydrated
makes my skin look smooth
my skin looks so healthy now.
feels more moisturized after just using the sample
a lightweight moisturizer that sits nicely under makeup
it keeps my face moisturized all day
tad oily skin this product is great
leaves my skin smooth
was pretty good about sunscreen
my skin feel refreshed
i end up with a well-moisturized
makes skin look younger
my skin loves the amount of moisture this product imparts
truly adds needed hydration to my facial skin which is something a person needs at my age
this product keeps my face moisturized this entire day
my face feels and looks healthy.
my skin looked smooth
it a very smooth moisturizer
my skin feels extra smooth
the texture of my skin is becoming smoother
while i loved the feel of it as a moisturizer
skin feels really smooth
i do like that it moisturizes well without leaving my skin shiny
it gives me the gentle moisture that i need
moisturized throughout the day
it's wonderfully moisturizing without being greasy or heavy
my skin looks even toned
i still feel very moisturized
feels like a rich moisturizer
it's moisturizes well without any residue feeling
my skin is absolutely even with a healthy glow
skin looks more overall healthy
goes on perfectly under makeup
the skin is much more hydrated and luminous!
this eye cream is incredibly hydrating without feeling sticky or greasy
helps to hydrated the under eye area for a more youthful appearance
it is very hydrating
so, good hydration not for dark circles.
the cream is extremely hydrating
i appreciate that it hydrates the skin around the eyes
it helps keep said concealer in place throughout the day
this one is really hydrating
they all hydrated the area
this really improved the smoothness of my eye lids
clinique all about eyes seemed to do a better job with undereye puffiness
if it feels warm on your skin
genifique really helps me to calm it down!
concealer sits perfectly on top of genifique eye concentrate
my eye area is so much more hydrated
this makes your skin feel velvety smooth
it does keep my eye area moisturized throughout the day
it is not very hydrating
keeps my skin clean
this cleanser does a great job of making my skin feel very clean without drying it out
it keeps my skin hydrated
leaves me with very clean
leaves my face feeling so clean
still manages to clean out my pores
not feel self conscious about my acne
this cleans so well and lathers so nicely.
most cleansers make my skin feel tight
this cleanser makes my skin feel smooth
it is perfect because it leaves my skin clean
this cleanser kept my skin clean
i always use a cleansing oil to keep my skin moisturized
leaves my face feeling smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves your skin feeling fresh
make it burn/ feel chapped
this is the only cleanser i can use that leaves my skin hydrated
leaves my face feeling clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it doesnt irritate my skin all while making my face feel clean
the milky formula is incredibly soothing on irritable skin without being over-hydrating
it foams up nicely with water.
this felt very gentle on my skin
it keeps my dry lids hydrated
this cleanser is so gentle
it is very gentle and never dries out my skin.
it keeps my skin looking very healthy
my skin feels so clean
make my skin feel tight after
it lathers up nicely
makes your skin looking flawlessly
the product really lathers up
my skin feels fresh
this rinses off nicely
this cleanser is so gentle
it makes my skin feel clean and fresh.
this makes my skin feel clean
it gets my skin clean
this cleanser really helps calm my oily
it leaves my skin smooth
my face feels so clean
i genuinely look forward to using the detox eye roller under my eyes after i wake up because it instantly soothes the puffiness
didn't find it very hydrating
it makes my concealer sit like a dream because it plumps my undereyes
it feels amazingly soothing when my eyes are tired
looks hydrated as well as less dark circles
i feel like it makes my eyes look more youthful
my eye area feels very refreshed
fantastic product to soothe the undereye.
definitely has a soothing cool feeling
also keeps the skin nice and hydrated
it looks brighter and more awake.
it feels soothing and cooling.
the gel dries nice
makes your skin feel firm
it makes me look "awake".
great moisturizer it has repaired my skin beyond belief
it was the best moisturizer to keep my dry skin hydrated
this is the only moisturizer that has hydrated my skin
helped maintain my face hydrated
moisturized the whole time
leaving a smooth natural finish
it works perfectly fine under my makeup
has made my skin feel so plump
my skin was feeling smooth
this ultra repair cream intense hydration is a must have for me
it helps to heal dry
it feels like a drink of water for my face
i could feel my skin calm down
it leaves my skin hydrated
this really helps soothe
is very soothing to my skin
my makeup/foundation lasts so much longer because of how moisturized my skin is
my skin feels very hydrated will be buying again when i run out
it keeps my skin balanced
it only hydrated for about an hour or so
it made my makeup greasy as well.
it absorbs into the skin really nicely
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
i definitely was not hydrating properly before
it absorbs into your skin so nicely
and i'm still loving this moisturizer.
it keeps my skin hydrated
i over look that factor because it moisturizes my skin so well
wakes my skin up and keeps it hydrated all day.
it keeps my skin feeling moisturized
would make your skin feel hydrated
i feel like it adds hydration (i have dry skin).
this is very hydrating
actually healed my skin
not for dehydrated skin
after my skin healed it's too much hydration for me
i noticed it wasnt really quenching my skin
so i have very oily, but dehydrated skin.
it still keeps me moisturized
the invigorating night serum also broke me out horribly
my skin is smooth
this cream really does keep my skin truly hydrated without being oily
fib ultra repair cream keeps my skin hydrated for nearly all day
my skin is smooth
super hydrating especially during these winter months
my skin feels smooth
my skin is hydrated
it is pretty thick
i need a lot of hydration
my skin is usually fine without a super intense hydrating cream
now my skin looks flawless
leave me a healthy dewy look even when i don't wear my foundation on
his cheeks were perfectly clear
it is tingly for about 30 seconds after you put it on
my skin also feels more calm
this product has helped my redness calm down a lot
definitely calms my skin
finally something that soothes my rosacea!!!
my skin looks more supple and healthy.
my skin feels calmer
more supple than before
at first it feel very oily than it dry into your skin making it feel very smooth
that has more to do with keeping the new skin hydrated when the peeling starts
my skin felt smoother
my skin is clear and smooth.
it leaves my face feeling so smooth
this serum really seemed to help this as well as hopefully promoting youthful skin
it's amazing how it moisturizes
my skin is smoother
this makes my skin super hydrated
it lets your healthy skin shine through
i feel like i am using a light hydrating oil on the skin
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin is so smooth
feels much more hydrated
it makes my skin feel silky rather than dry
i do find it makes my skin look refreshed
my skin feels so supple
the texture of of my skin improve
just make sure to keep them extra moisturized
make sure to exfoliate so that your product is penetrated into the skin
it leaves my skin even toned
i look so healthy
i feel like the skin under my eyes is smoother
my skin was so smooth that it felt like rubber
my skin is so smooth now
i feel like the oiliness has gone down quite a bit
moisturize well afterwards will be a big help
my skin feels lighter
leaves your skin with a healthy glow while not being irritating
my skin is smooth
leaves my skin slightly moisturized
follow with a cleanser add your face is perfectly clean
perfectly clean with no irritation.
it leaves my skin feeling super clean
leaves your skin smooth
it removes my waterproof makeup perfectly as well
it's very gentle and feels good on the skin.
it cleanses very well.
the oil gives my skin the hydration it needs.
my skin has felt cleaner
leaves my skin clean
it left my skin feeling very smooth
this is an oil cleanser that looks clear
i can feel that my face is clean- not the streaky
the moisturizer is very gentle
overall my face feels moisturized without a greasy feeling
it does minimize pores very nicely!
keeps my skin hydrated without breaking me out
also made my skin feel very soft and hydrated
it works well for keeping my oily skin matte
makes me feel fresh and clean all day.
the cream is working well for normal to oily skin
makes my skin so smooth
this is the best thing i have tried to date for some moisture for my face while still keeping my very oily skin matte
love the feel of the lotion
my face feels hydrated
the ingredients used to make this product have been perfectly selected for oily skin
this one keeps my skin feeling moist
leaves no greasy feel
you can feel the smoothing
my face looked very smooth
my makeup stays fresh
this moisturizes just the right amount
softer, more supple...healthier.
my skin feels smooth after
skin is still smooth
my skin is smoother
keeps your face moisturized all day.
this is the first moisturizer that actually leaves my skin feeling quenched
it moisturizes so well
keeps my skin moisturized all day
my skin looks less tired
i've received ton's of compliments from you looked totally rested to your skin is radiant
so refreshed the dryness was gone!
it has balanced my skin perfectly!
it brightens my skin and is very hydrating.
your skin is so smooth
my skin looks smoother
although it does hydrate
leaves my skin feeling
my skin is healthy
seemed to be well-nourished
my skin feels dewy but not greasy.
enjoy the morning fresh feel
for the first time in my life my skin feels moisturized all day
this cream is so smooth
feel refreshed/brighter from using this moisturizer
my skin stays moisturized all day long while giving a nice glow
i really keeps the moisture in my skin.
perfect for a cool drink of water on a slowly aging face
it makes my skin feel so hydrated
non-greasy while still able to moisturize well
it moisturizes very well for my skin during the winter
i love the feel of this moisturizer.
leaves my face feeling moisturized instead of tight
the tone is even and the texture is smoother.
my face felt clean with just the slightest residue/moisturized feeling
this oil cleanser is really great for me because it cleans thoroughly without drying out my skin further
i feel like it's very gentle on the skin
leaves it feeling really moisturized
it also leaves a cool, tingly feeling afterwards.
it turns into this perfectly milk smooth texture that takes off all my makeup
leaves my face feeling so clean
this cleanser leaves you feeling so cleansed without feeling stripped
i feel it cleans deeply and hydrates as well.
my skin is super clean
just perfectly balanced skin.
its so gentle on both your skin
it leaves my face feeling moisturizer
'm ready for the gel cleanser they have
i felt the skin was clean
it was really good with waterproof mascara
it leaves my face still feeling moisturized
leaves skin feeling smooth
it's described as a "cool cleansing oil"
the month sting it gives is very refreshing on the skin
leaves my skin so fresh
leaves my skin smooth
leaves your face feeling smooth
cool while removing all of my makeup
it makes my skin clean
sensation of rubbing off my makeup at the end of the day very relaxing
other skin-loving essentials into your skin--
my skin is smooth
it keeps my acne-prone combination skin clean
i can feel the cooling
this is a very refreshing cleanser
want clear smooth skin try this
it leaves my face feeling so refreshed
my face actually feels hydrated before i even apply my moisturizer
it feels very cooling on your face
leaves your face feeling refreshed
its just a very smooth texture that leaves the face refreshed
how after using my skin feels soothed
my skin feels sooo smooth and clear.
it does leave my skin feeling amazingly clean without drying it out or creating that tight "squeaky" feeling
it makes my skin feel squeaky clean
this cleanser is so gentle and very refreshing.
it just feels so milky
also this cleanser makes your skin really dry so dont forget to moisturize
this cleanser makes my skin feel so clean
it makes my skin look hydrated
my skin is overall more hydrated
my face feels so clean
my skin has really relaxed
even when i completley switched over to a healthy diet
light day moisturizer to stay hydrated
the texture is very thick
my skin feels great after washing with this cleanser
very smooth and very clean feeling.
leaves face feeling really clean
this one makes my face feel super clean.
it makes your foundation look so smooth
this wash is so gentle to the skin
it is hard to find a cleanser that combats acne while also keeping skin fresh
this product really does hydrate
leaves it feeling clean
it leaves my face smooth
it leaves your skin smooth
be sure to use sunscreen as it makes my pale skin more sensitive to burning
makes skin feel smooth
this makes skin supple, smooth and moisturized.
with use i have noticed my skin is more supple
this product makes my skin feel smooth
it promises to make skin more youthful.
moisturize or give the skin a nice finish
my skin looks firmer
my face feels hydrated
my skin looks firmer
so be extra attentive to wearing a good sunscreen
it leaves my skin so smooth
it doesn't make me too oily while hydrating my skin
don't feel hydrating at all
this product works perfectly to moisturize my face
it still gives my skin enough hydration
gives a good everyday hydration
i needed something that moisturized well
since i began using this product my skin feels so hydrated
this is perfectly moisturizing without making me oily
my skin stays smooth the whole day
my skin felt calmer
this is a lightweight formula that makes my skin feel less oily
moisturizes but my skin does not feel wet or oily
isn't quite hydrating enough for my skin
light feel of this moisturizer
with ceramics it keeps your skin hydrated
my skin feels a lot stable when i use the product
it makes your skin feel smooth
serums respond so well to hydrated skin
does a good job at hydrating my skin
this keeps my face feeling clean
it does feel light weight
it keeps things moisturized well
it's super light weight
it's a good lightweight (summer) moisturizer.
it is a pretty light weight moisturizer
you can literally feel it decongesting your sinuses
very calming to the eyes after a long day.
the glider feels very cool under my eyes
it feels cooling and soothing too.
it moisturizes the under eye area well enough for me
soothes and cools the skin.
i always feel refreshed after using this.
this really helped sooth the redness
i don't really experience puffiness
this eye serum is just cool to cool down puffing eyes
it feels so soothing
it kept my face hydrated
it feels so calming on my swollen eyes
my skin tone is perfectly even
my skin is taut
part of that is because you need only a tiny amount for your skin to feel hydrated
skin felt soothed and moisturized.
my skin in smoother
my skin looks younger
makes my skin feel so smooth
toned my skin as well
it helps pores look smalller too
it makes my skin smooth
it makes my skin look so smooth
but this creme seemed to actually heal my skin.
it hydrates the skin pretty well
healthy when i think about this moisturizer
my face has never been smoother or more hydrated.
leaves my skin so smooth i love it
it keeps my skin hydrated all day long in the harsh cold
this formulation makes my skin feel youthful
it moisturizes so well
the dior rep was excellent when deciding what to suggest for my dryish/acne prone skin
it makes your skin very moisturized
keeps skin moisturized all day long.
my skin feels so very hydrated at the same time
it has given me good hydration in the winter months
it was very hydrating
the smell is very clean
it has made my skin go back to what it was soft supple hydrated without looking oily
it says it helps hydrate your skin more day by day
love how it keeps my skin hydrated all day.
i could never find a product that would keep my skin moisturized for most of the day
this is the only moisturizer that has actually hydrated my skin
this cream is very hydrating and absorbs quickly.
it makes my skin feel hydrated
nice and thick, very moisturizing.
makes skin feel smooth
only a minute after i moisturized i can wear my foundation
your skin feels hydrated all day
truly leaves your skin feeling smooth
this face cream is way above what i am normally comfortable spending on a moisturizer
comfortable with this product
i keeps my face moisturized all night long
this face cream feels smooth
works gr-8 under makeup and stays moist all day.
i feel this is too thick
definitely hydrates and helps keep skin moist.
hydrating and improve general good looking
this product is like a refreshing drink of water for my skin
it's light, absorbs quickly, and hydrating.
it makes my eyes feel refreshed
you only need a tiny bit ans it makes your eyes feel refreshed
fast absorbing light textured formula is great for hydration
light-weight feeling of a gel
look well moisturized a must have
your skin feels warm
it's ultra-hydrating without being heavy
my eyes look hydrated
good for priming concealer to go on smoothly
keeps your eye area moisturized for the whole day
my under-eye concealer applies very well over it
what it really does is moisturize
is soothing to tired eyes
it leaves your skin feeling very hydrated.
this is a nice cream for hydrating the eye area.
it really is effective at keeping the delicate eye skin hydrated
it was so hydrating
i feel instantly hydrated with this product.
my favorite thing about this product is that it created a very smooth base to apply my under eye concealer to
i choose an eye moisturizer because of how it feels
makes my skin look hydrated
my skin really does feel detoxified
my skin is brighter and hydrated.
which is naturally healthy
my skin feels hydrated
it really plumps my skin
makes the skin supple
t moisturizes without feeling greasy
it's firmed my skin without making it feel tight
my skin is definitely more hydrated.
i feel that my skin is smooth
it makes my skin feels less oily
moisturized the day after
my skin looks well rested in the morning
it makes my dull winter skin look more fresh
my eyes definitely seem more hydrated
that i looked so refreshed
perfectly smooth skin on my chin now.
it makes my skin flawless.
i look constantly refreshed and youthful.
my skin looks smooth
it really does help to clean out the pores
makes my skin smooth
feels great - lightweight - not oily or greasy.
my skin feels hydrated
i felt my skin was more hydrated
i get compliments on my skin
my skin appears more youthful
it's fast absorbing and has a clean smell.
you want clean-feeling
rich lather that feels incredibly luxurious after a long day
my skin is nicely hydrated
it is lightweight for being a night cream.
it hydrates amazingly well
it's beyond hydrating and soothing.
this eye cream has kept my eye area hydrated
really helps with puffiness and hydrating.
it's really hydrating and i use it at night.
believe i get good hydration with as little wrinkle visiblity with this eye cream
this is very hydrating
i also love that that it is hydrating
a more refreshed under eye appearance
my skin is very hydrated
smooth that it seeps into the skin giving it that thirsty moist drink to combat fine lines
but this this stuff is hydrating.
it makes my eye area smooth
does a good job of keeping me hydrated even in tje winter
hydrated skin all day long
it makes my skin look glowey
my skin stays moisturized throughout the day
it keeps my skin hydrated
with this in my routine my skin feels hydrated
this moisturizer absorbs pretty quick.
definitely helps with the dryness
definitely leaves my skin moisturized
keeps my skin hydrated all day
i still feel the need to exfoliate
i feel like it keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day
i wear it without makeup for a fresh feel
this moisturizes my skin perfectly.
adds so much hydration
it makes my skin look amazing without being oily
leaves my skin hydrated
keeps my face moisturized
my skin looks healthy
it definitely hydrates your skin
ever since i started using this product my skin feel so moist
keep my skin hydrated
with healthy sun protection
it's very light and smooth but very hydrating.
it keeps my skin happy and safe from uv light.
what it is good for is keeping your skin hydrated while using acne treatment products that can really dry out your skin
leaves it feeling smooth
this keeps my face perfectly moisturized without making it too oily
i gave it 4 stars because i don't feel very moisturized after i use it
it keeps my skin hydrating enough that my skin stays soft
my pores remain clean
i love this moisturizer for keeping my skin clear
moisturizes my face without making it overly oily
i needed something that moisturized my skin
my skin is so smooth
my skin looks healthy
it feels really smooth, light, and refreshing.
it is super smooth
it offers adequate hydration without leaving my face feeling greasy
my skin does feel cleansed
my skin is smooth
makes your skin feel hydrated
leaves the super satisfying clean feeling i look for in a cleanser
my skin felt fresh
my face always looks refreshed
the way it is gentle enough for the delicate skin around my eyes while still being a very effective exfoliant around my oily t zone
overall a great cleanser for a gentle cleanse
it doesn't "feel" exfoliating although i'm sure it is since my skin feels so refreshed afterwards
my face feels very clean after using this
i do need a light moisturizer afterwards as my skin feels a little tight
this keeps my acne calm
it makes my skin feel fresh
it seems to be keeping my pores clear
it cleanses my skin well
this gives me a clean feeling without stripping the skin
really helps with redness
leaves skin feeling fresh
finally a great product that helped calm my acne / reddness / dryness
leaves the skin feeling hydrated
it rinses off very nicely
my face feels very clean
really helps with redness
my skin feels so refreshed after cleansing with this wonderful creme
it seems to just cool off the inflammatory body acne i get
i look forward to washing my face because it feels so hydrating
this cleanser is very gentle on my skin.
it cleans my face very well.
my skin always feels hydrated after using this cleanser
leaves me feeling very fresh
it's a very gentle cleanser that definitely helps with breakouts
moisturizing the product gets soaked right into your skin leaving it so soft
this has helped calm my acne
it helps clean out acne
makes it feel very clean
the mask calms and cleans very well.
this cleanser is so gentle
it leaves your skin feeling clean yet moisturized
after every use my skin feels refreshed
perfect acne cleanser for sensitive skin all the way to rough skin
only thing is it might not be moisturizing enough if youre super dry
it helps with acne scars as well
clean and clear feeling but moisturize enough.
this helps to keep my skin calm- does wonders at taming redness
this moisturizer: not really hydrating on its own
i would not recommend it for dry skin because i find it doesn't fully make my skin feel moisturized
the product feels a bit thick going on
my skin is balanced all day
it also has a very relaxing calming smell which makes you fall asleep better
i swear my skin feels more hydrated than it ever has
seems to be helping my acne clear up on my jawline
just leaves your skin feeling nourished
refreshing to treat your skin while you sleep this is it
it's the perfect amount of lightweight hydration.
you feel like your skin was hydrated
skin always feels fresh
my skin feels so perfectly hydrated
my skin feels so tight
boscia makeup-breakup cool cleansing oil
it is so hydrating.
it calms the skin
it really calms the skin down
this product helps to calm my skin during the night
feels very nourishing when massaged into the skin
my face stays comfortable
hydrating your skin just enough
my skin was very moisturized
my acne looks calmer
this moisturizer keeps that clean feeling
also my skin remains matte looking
this is a very nice hydrating cream for those who have issues with blemishes
it smells so clean
it calms my skin
it makes my skin feel refreshed
left skin feeling smooth
super satisfying to peel it all off
make sure you put on a decently thick layer
it visibly unclogs a good amount of my pores
my skin is so smooth
it made my skin very smooth
this made my skin smooth and even.
it leaves my face feeling deeply cleaned
my skin feels smooth
they feel more hydrated
if you eat more healthy
leaves your skin feeling smooth
it also makes your skin feel super clean
this moisturizer feels really smooth
make sure to hydrate your skin after!
the mix of the two is the perfect balance of hydration
is it makes my skin very oily
this keeps my skin hydrated all day.
leave my skin moisturized
the skin feels healthier
this is extremely hydrating
my skin absorbs it nicely
makes my face smooth
i could feel my skin completely nourished
smells great, very light but hydrating.
i like the way it feels and absorbs into my skin.
keeps my skin hydrated all day long
i love how this moisturizer makes my skin feel
keeps my skin moisturized and stable all day
my skin feels balanced
moisturizes without a heavy feeling.
keeps my skin hydrated during day
i feel like goldilocks in search of a moisturizer that works
keeps my face hydrated & luminous all day long.
feels good on my oily skin
i love this product because i can feel the hydration in my skin
in the summer this is the perfect moisturizer to use to keep my skin supple
it's not only super hydrating
moisturizes my skin perfectly
so i'll be properly moisturized forever!
i start to feel scaly
my skin is so smooth!
it works amazingly on my wrinkles i got from too much sun exposure
it makes my face feel smooth
really helps my moisturizer absorb better into my skin
it works on my skin.
my skin surface was not as smooth
my skin is smoother
people commented that i look well rested
that my skin was as smooth as a baby's
it keeps me matte all day
is a great balance in hydrating
sometimes doesn't feel like it is moisturizing enough
really helps keep my oily skin clear
it works too well and makes my eyelids so puffy!
my skin looks healthier and smoother.
my skin is smoother
since i have been using this my skin has gotten so supple
i feel like i had signs of pre mature aging from sun
my skin looks smoother
my skin is smooth
it soaks right in and keeps my skin very subtle.
the skin seems to be refreshed
the cream is very thick.
keeps the eyes moisturized all day long.
i find that it also stays greasy feeling.
keeps the hydration all day
has completely rehydrated my face
the skin underneath my eyes get nourished
i find that the murad one will actually keep my skin hydrated throughout the day
no need to use a lot to make your eyes supple
moisturized in the morning
allows for concealer to sink in perfectly
keeps my eyes moisturized
this cream makes me feel so moisturized
hydrating enough for my dry skin
made it feel comfortable
nourished my dry skin without looking oily/greasy
it is very light cream, so it goes on smoothly.
if your skin is dehydrated
made my skin feel very moisturized without being too oily
before makeup application if my skin still feels tight
murad products are the only ones that during the winter keep my skin supple
i wake up with hydrated
this one plumps and keeps me moist.
my face felt moisturized all day
it feels like your skin is just really naturally hydrated
my face is so smooth
really hydrated my skin well.
this is a great moisturizer for the winter it really helps hydrate my skin both day
your skin feels so smooth so refreshed after you put it on
it leaves my skin feeling like
which leaves my moisture-hungry skin feeling greasy
it seems to soak in to my skin
i feel my skin is well moisturized
this moisturizer has helped my skin tremendously
you can feel the moisture all day
it wears nicely under makeup
it's a wonderful "re-boot" product to calm the skin
my skin felt very hydrated
still doesnt make my skin feel oily
my skin feels moisturized and firmer.
it is extremely hydrating.
this moisturizer has really improved his skin
my skin feels super soft and hydrated.
my skin feels smoother
it is hydrating without being greasy.
it is very hydrating
supple throughout the day
leaves it feeling plump all day long
goes on nice and gives an hydrated feel.
my super dry skin loves this moisturizer.
it really soaks in overnight and moisturizes.
specially for combo dehydrated skin like myself
gentle that i like to massage it into my skin to ensure it's cleaning out my pores
leaves me skin feeling so light
it leaves my face feeling clean
i love the way this milk makes my skin calm
this gives me a clean
leaves skin feeling smooth
dior products will always make your skin smooth
my skin stays moisturized
my face felt hydrated
yes hydrated as they say
i like how it makes my skin feel hydrated
makes my skin feel quenched.
very nourishing without leaving a heavy greasy residue
i just feel that my skin is more deeply hydrated.
this works well for me to keep my skin hydrated
i'd wake up w/ hydrated skin
with this hydrating cream my skins overall appearance
my makeup looks smooth
normally my skin is pretty oily
now it looks healthy
lathering it on just feels incredibly luxurious
its pretty light for a cream
very hydrating at the same time
keeps my skin looking healthy
feels like a thicker cream
i loved that it's quite hydrating
my face is smooth
leaves my face feeling moisturized
leave your skin smooth
this is the only moisturizer i have found that keeps my skin looking healthy
this cream is a life saver keeps my face moisturized all day long i wear it under my make up
it really is hydrating
leaves skin feeling clean
definitely super hydrating -- my super-dry winter skin softened up immediately
my skin is hydrated
get great moisturizing as well as dewy looking skin under my makeup- my skin looks great with this
hydrated it enough- this is perfect
this does a great job of keeping my face hydrated during the day
this cream really does a lot to hydrating
my skin feels hydrated
i've got dehydrated combination skin
this product really moisturizes my skin
my skin felt hydrated
it definitely leaves my skin moisture
this hydrates my dry spots wonderfully without being greasy or oily in any way
the hydrating face cream is a very good product
it definitely soothes the skin
makes my eyes feel so hydrated
it makes the under eye so smooth
it is rich and hydrated but not sticky at all.
this is a very hydrating eye cream.
my skin is looking
this cream does a great job of hydrating my under eyes
this cream is definitely hydrating
it makes my skin under/over my eyes feel rested
she basically said the hydrating face cream was the same
i would constantly get a tingly feeling around my eyes
it keeps around your eyes feeling very hydrated
this eye cream gives me life!
it is very hydrating.
i can feel how hydrated the under eye areas are
hydrated my eye area with no irritation
it's super hydrating, and never greasy.
supple throughout the day
still manages to feel lightweight as well!
makes makeup glide perfectly over it
it is very hydrating
very hydrating and smooth under eyes now.
eye lids very hydrated
very hydrating, definitely recommend.
hydrates well, good under make up, lasts long
great hydrating product for around th eyes
it is very hydrating 5 stars bobbi brown
i feel like it hydrates and plumps perfectly.
'm always worried creams will make my oiliness worse
it is very hydrating
very hydrating and it does not sting in the eyes.
this makes my eyes hydrated it also helps with the creasing of my consider
my under eye area stays moisturized throughout the entire day
it makes my eyelids feel less tired
very hydrating, non oily and works under makeup.
keeps them ready for concealer
it hydrates really well while being light
this is a very basic and nice hydrating cream.
it is so smooth
makes my bobbi brown longwear foundation go on so smoothly
this is very good hydrating.
the skin was perfectly smooth the next morning
very hydrating and feels great when i apply.
skin looks absolutely hydrated
does a good job of hydrating your under eye area so well that the fine lines are less noticeable
it really hydrates my eye area
in the morning i can still feel it really moisturized
just want to keep moisturized
it gives a great lather
this leaves your skin looking smooth
snd leaves my skin feeling super clean
keeps my skin clear
my skin feels cleaner
it leaves you feeling clean without residue
your face will feel super clean
this is very gentle while completely cleaning every trace of makeup from your skin
i feel like my skin is thirsty after this
smooth, not greasy, cool one.
the cold serum helps to cool down my face after a good scrub
it also sits perfectly well under a moisturizer.
keeps my skin looking glowy
the texture of my face is now well moisturized
become dry if not properly hydrated so this combo fits the bill
smooth my skin looked
it looks really healthy.
it really soaks in
my skin feels prepped for makeup
just soft supple hydrated skin!
my makeup goes on smooth
glides over your face so nicely
when you clean your skin
i love knowing that i’m protected from the sun with the spf 15
my skin is moisturized
it deeply moisturizes without feeling greasy
light moisturizer that primes the face very well for makeup
it soaks into my skin really fast
foundation look smooth/natural looking
it is definitely hydrating without being too heavy
makes skin feel energized
keeping my face moisturized
kind of keep my oils at bay
it makes my skin feel so refreshed
it really leaves my skin looking fresh
this keeps my skin looking natural.
it always leaves my face feeling moisturized
it seems to really soothe
nicely hydrates dry spots
my skin tone evened out while being moisturized
it doesn't absorb so much as to feel like it isn't moisturizing your face
leaves me feeling so fresh
my skin feels softer and my makeup stays all day.
we shall see if it is hydrating enough for winter
without feeling really thick
thirsty skin all day
it makes my face perfectly primed for foundation
it makes your skin smooth
it is hard for me to find a good moisturizer that will hydrate without making me feel greasy or uncomfortable
makes my face so smooth
it really helps with my skins texture
my skin is incredibly hydrated after using it.
my skin looks perfectly even
my skin felt hydrated
it made my alone feel hydrated
skin looks fresh dewy rich hydrated and healthy!
it keeps my face hydrated
this product definitely moisturizes
it perfectly hydrates the areas that need it
while keeping the oily zones fairly matte
supple without the greasy feel
your skin is dehydrated
i wake up in the morning to moisturized
i wake up and my skin is smooth and supple.
nice absorbing oil balances skin nicely
lightweight face oil i really enjoy
it's a very thick oil and it really moisturizers.
my face still feels hydrated in the morning.
my skin is tight
great to use when dehydrated.
my skin was much more supple the morning after
smoother to the touch not to mention feeling really moisturized
the oil seems to balance everything out perfectly
stays perfectly all day
this product moisturizes without leaving skin feeling or looking greasy
it is super nourishing
my skin feels a lot smoother
it leaves them moisturized like none other
made my face look fresh and smooth!
it really is extra hydrating
its very hydrating and a little goes a long way .
it truly does hydrate
the hydrating eye cream no longer gives me the same results
great at keeping the area around your eyes hydrated
this cream always calms the delicate skin under my eyes
lasts all day, hydrating smile lines, crows feet.
this cream is extremely hydrating and luxurious.
my eye area stays hydrated all day.
my eyes are incredibly hydrated
it's rich, effective, and truly hydrating.
the texture is very thick
it feels very luxurious going onto the skin
the skin under my eyes stays hydrated all day.
the cream is pretty thick but absorbs well.
it is very hydrating
makes my under eye area feel super hydrated
firming feel to the skin
around my nose to mouth lines relaxed
your face feel tight
i eat a very healthy diet
your skin will feel tight.
then while my moisturizer is still moist
my skin looks smoother and plumper.
this serum is really great at retaining the moisture in my skin without making my face feel greasy
supple within two days
i do wish my skin felt more moisturized after applying
my skin looks years smoother
my skin was looking refreshed
my skin looks younger and cleaner.
this is a really light-feeling moisturizer
it still makes your skin hydrated
i'll start by saying i have very oily skin
this moisturizer still helps despite feeling pretty lightweight
it's the perfect balance of hydration without making my face look or feel oily
t was surprising to me that this moisturizer actually hydrated me without making me feel oily
after it helps calm down redness
leaves my face feeling smooth
leaves my skin feeling supple
it feels very moisturized on my dry
my skin gets oily very fast
this works very well at giving my oily skin just the right amount of moisture
delivered the perfect amount of hydration for my skin
heavy enough to feel like it's actually moisturizing
my face feels smooth
leaves my skin hydrated
i loved the way this moisturizer felt on my skin
it is extremely hydrating
my skin immediately feels so smooth
feel naturally hydrated without creating a heavy or slippery layer
leaves skin feeling nice & smooth!
find my skin to be hydrated with a smooth texture all day long
my skin is refreshed but not overly treated.
it kept my face moisturized without making me oily
feels like it's truly nourishing my skin
been more perfectly moisturized
my face looks smooth
hydrated through out the day
my dehydrated skin drinks it up like a glass of water
makes my skin visibly hydrated
i love this moisturizer as it provides my skin with the perfect balance of hydration without leaving my face feeling greasy or oily
when i was done the feel of my skin was so silky smooth
makes my face feel refresh
it's enough to feel moisturized
this is hydrating and smells amazing.
makes my skin look youthful and health.
delivers it's promise to hydrate
the moisturizer makes your skin look really smooth
very good for oily skin
still moisturized for the day
my skin feels so smooth
my face feels so smooth
it was one of the first moisturizers that i've ever come across that makes my skin feel hydrated
my skin stays hydrated all day.
my dry skin is healthy
makes my skin hydrated and less red.
leaves skin very smooth
my face is hydrated with no greasiness.
it keeps my skin hydrated all day underneath my makeup
it goes into skin perfectly.
keeps my skin hydrated
still hydrated next morning
my skin was smoother
my skin feels smoother
this definitely plumps up your skin.
makes my skin glow and hydrated looking.
skin feels very plump
makes me feel self conscious
it looks a bit greasy
really smooth it into the jawline
my facialist thinks my skin looks much better too
my concealer glides smoothly right on over the gel
it is a fairly thick gel
my undereyes are so hydrated but not greasy!
i don't feel a difference in my under eye puffiness
its like a restful night sleep in a tube.
it makes my puffy swollen eyes feel cool
a fast way to feel pampered and refreshed.
under eye area moisturised
i like the cool feel of the applicator under my eyes
i love the cool feeling of the roll-on applicator
my eyes feel more refreshed
my eyes feel soothed after application
really helps the undereye swelling i get with allergies
my legs dry up very fast even after moisturizing
its a nice lightweight gel.
i feel more awake
what used to keep my skin hydrated
my skin is hydrated
this cream is very hydrating
it gave me the hydration i needed
keeps my dry winter skin moisturized all day
makes my skin feel quenched
its creamy, but very lightweight and comfortable.
it makes my face feel incredibly smooth without feeling greasy
it leaves my face feeling soothed and smooth.
left my skin feeling smooth all day
it made my skin feel smooth
it didn't really feel moisturized
my face is smooth
hydrated for the entire day without feeling heavy at all
it leaves my skin so smooth
this has not only moisturized
this cream was awesome♡ made my face feel hydrated
makes your skin feel perfectly hydrated
it made my face feel supple.
makes my skin feel super hydrated
makes my skin feel very moisturized
have found it challenging to find a hydrating cream that hydrates without making me look over oily
still gives you a refreshed lightweight feel
makes my skin feel hydrated
it kept my skin moisturized
my face stays hydrated all day
i makes my skin feel smooth
t provides enough hydration for my combination skin
it feels clean and non greasy.
has a non-greasy feel on my skin
cases of this moisturizer loving how it makes my skin feel
really leaves my face feeling moisturized
i love how smooth the cream feels on my face.
my face seems very dehydrated
kept my skin looking healthy through a chicago winter
yet perfect to keep your skin moisturized
it makes my skin feel tight
it moisturized them without being greasy
i feel this cream is pretty thick
my eye area looks really healthy
the packaging is super cool
under eye area very moisturized
it'd really hydrating and for me, non greasy.
the skin under my eyes is smoother
skin looks/feels hydrated
i always make sure my eyes are moisturized too before applying any eye sunblock
this cream makes my eyes look more awake
very hydrating and luxurious feeling.
it moisturizes just nice
was very good at hydration
it makes my super dry skin feel like silk
this eye cream definitely moisturizes ans helps with the fine lines
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
break-out free while still moisturized
so very soothing and hydrating.
my skin was flawless
it keeps my face hydrated and absorbs quickly.
it makes my skin look
still feels very hydrated
my skin is healthier
it is extremely hydrating
gives me a very natural balanced feeling
keeps my skin moisturized
its a pretty thick cream
leaves my skin moisturized
my skin is moisturized all day
then a moisturizer to feel moisturized so happy to find a product that does what the name describes
it makes my skin feel thick
super good cream for moisture
you'll feel hydrated all day
it leaves my skin feeling so supple
this cream is very thick
this moisturizer is very thick
it will keep your skin moisturized
hydrated throughout the whole day
very hydrating with spf built in
no greasy residue-- just beautifully hydrated skin
my skin stays hydrated
because it hydrates my skin perfectly
supple at the same time
this product seemed pretty thick
it also keeps hydrated
so my skin retains moisture throughout the day without feeling "coated"
it doesn't take much to feel hydrated.
keeps my skin moist.
this cream has a very smooth texture
skin stays moist and supple and i like the spf.
keeps my dry skin hydrated all day
it moisturizes my skin without making it greasy.
my skin over all looks very healthy after i started using this product
i feel like my skin looks healthier
my mom loves the way it moisturizes
moisturized with the added benefit of spf 15 for added sun protection
keeps my skin hydrated
very moisturizing and absorbing pretty quickly.
hyrates my skin giving it a smooth
less fine lines with an overall refreshed plumped look
this product definitely keeps my under eyes hydrated for 24 hours as it says
keep the skin hydrated
how it keeps my the skin around my eyes hydrated for so long
my eye are looked hydrated
my eyes feel hydrated for 24 hours
my under eye area is fully hydrated
keeps skin moisturized all day
my under eyes still feel moisturized
this gel is incredibly hydrating.
keep my under-eye area moisturized
getting a bit of refreshed contour around the eye
i stay hydrated pretty much all day.
i really like how it keeps my undereye area moisturized for a long time
gentle eye cream that feels cool on your skin
this is the only product that has actually moisturized the skin around my eyes
after all a good canvas is the start to a beautiful application my eyes are moisturized
keeps my eye area skin wonderfully hydrated all day long
with the amorepacific gel it still feels moist
my skin feels significantly more hydrated
my skin around my eyes is hydrated
my eyes look refreshed and younger.
the skin texture around my eyes looks smooth
the gel is also cool to the touch
it is very hydrating
its so deeply hydrating it really does feel like you are getting back that youthful skin
it gives me the moisture i need under my delicate skin around my eyes for the entire day
this cream is very soothing.
it's so cooling and fresh feeling.
it does leave my skin feeling smooth
leaves your eye area feeling moist
i find this gel-cream to hydrate the area well without being to heavy
the result is your undereye is super moisturized
leaves my skin looking
although it was very hydrating
it also makes it more supple
it helps provide enough moisture for me to wake up with supple
helps your skin stay supple all day
after a week of use... my skin feels baby smooth!
i stay hydrated pretty much all day.
good face cleaner on my combo skin.
my skin is now happy and hydrated <3
leaves my skin feeling plump
skin stays moist all day.
smooth, but not greasy and absorbs well.
my dry skin is hydrated
i wake up to glowing perfectly moisturized skin
my skin stays hydrated all day
my skin feels so smooth
also kind of stays there so you have that extra hydrating protection
it makes my skin feel super hydrated without the oily sheen
makes my skin feel smooth
my skin is more hydrated
my skin seems plumper
made my skin smoother
my skin feels evenly hydrated
it feels so moisturized.
said my skin looked "fresher"
what i really love is that makes my moisturizing oil absorb better
my face feels very smooth
find i need a more creamy heavier cleanser with more oil for my very sensitive dry skin
i like the feel of this cream that absorbs fast.
moisturized that you could use this year-long
this is really my go-to serum for nourished
needed something to hydrate my skin
very smooth-smell: lightly fragranced
leaving a nice plumping feel on the skin
my face is so smooth
it keeps my skin smooth
it definitely improves the texture of my skin
i gave it four stars because my skin looks amazing it looks smoother younger my scars are fading my its like healing my skin
my skin looks so smooth
love the light, clean feeling
it leaves skin feeling hydrated
makes your skin super smooth
it makes my skin feel like butter.
it seems to work by keeping my skin from getting oily
my skin looks very youthful
i think my skin looks firmer
my skin looks smoother
my skin is firmer
my skin looked refreshed
skin texture is better
my skin is flawless
the texture and feel is lightweight and smooth.
after a bottle of this my skin is so smooth
my skin is left supple and hydrated.
this stuff is so so hydrating
my skin feels plump
my skin feels smooth and my pores are smaller.
i love the fact that it hydrates my skin as well.
it also helps me look well rested
hydrated- i'm not sold on the deep wrinkle minimizer
skin is glowing and just looks healthy!
smooth it makes my skin
makes my skin look
my skin felt firmer
my skin looks younger
keeps the texture perfectly intact
my skin just looks firmer
my skin looks smoother fresher
my face looks very smooth
it also really makes your skin look toned.
to be very good for my oily skin
although my skin is oily i feel the need to moisturize or my face gets tight
my skin looks smooth
so hydrating, feels rich but absorbs right in.
my skin is sssooo smooth
this kept me hydrated without overdoing it
hydrating and goes on smooth.
it really hydrates my skin without feeling too heavy
my face is smooth
keeps my face nicely moisturized
less blotchy making me feel fresh
makes my skin smooth
my skin quality is definitely improved: smooth
gives me the moisture
my skin looks healthy, clear and smooth.
my skin looked more supple
hydrated all day without the usual afternoon oily shine
this moisturizer works very well under my makeup.
while it moisturizes nicely i've not noticed any great changes with fine lines or wrinkles
this moisturizer makes my skin so smooth.
my skin looked fresher
i get compliments on my smooth
does a good job hydrating the skin
it seems to hydrate the skin without feeling greasy
it has made my skin feel more moisturized
this moisturizer keeps my skin smooth
i can feel the slippery smoothness of my skin
left my skin feeling well hydrated
acne prone skin was calm
it feels like a cool drink of water going on the face
my skin is moisturized
this product makes your skin smoother
my skin was more supple
it is a pretty thick fce lotion
this lotion makes me face smooth to the touch
makes skin feels smooth :)
glides on smooth and makes my skin feel great
was 100% happy with how well it tamed my oily skin
i love how well this cream absorbs into my skin as well as how hydrated my skin stays throughout the day
it's thick and absorbs perfectly.
keeps my cheeks hydrated
my skin feels moisturized and shows less aging.
work to keep skin hydrated amazingly well
i credit this moisturizer with helping me maintain healthy skin
really hydrating without feeling greasy
it keeps my skin hydrated yet doesn't feel heavy
my skin is firmer
my skin always feels a little tingly when i put this on
red skin become healthy
was on a hunt for a moisturizer that made my skin feel just as amazingly soft
it soaks in quickly but really hydrates my skin.
my face feels smooth
my skin looked so fresh
it makes my skin look very smooth
which i'm sure it does because its so hydrating while being lightweight
my concealer sits perfectly on top of it
it does it's job by keeping this area moisturized
this is a nice eye balm that moisturizes well without being oily
so after i switched to this i saw hydrated undereye
i love how this eye cream feels as well-very soothing
i feel it makes my eyes more awake
it really does hydrate, without feeling heavy.
it is definitely hydrating
my makeup looks amazing since it's hydrated
it does leave my under eyes a bit tingly after use
feels hydrating and sinks in fairly quickly.
because it rehydrates my eye area
leaves the areas under my eyes feeling uber hydrated
it dries quickly with a satin like feel
my eyes do feel refreshed
it really hydrate my under eye area without feeling sticky
felt like my eyes are very moisturized when i use it
this hydrates my under eye area so well
it makes me look more awake
not cooling but soothing.
this eye cream absorbs so well
this product helped my skin feel moisturized all night long
it makes both of our under eyes so hydrated
it is very moisturizing which is important to me because i have very dry skin
this eye cream applies nicely leaving my eye area very smooth
makes your eyes look refreshed
it is so super hydrating
it's kept my eye area moisturized
now that i realize how well it moisturizes
this hydrates them wonderfully to where i have 0 texture issues on my lids
keep the face relaxed
i feel like my face looks refreshed after the application
keeping the eye area moisturized
it helps me stay matte all day
now obviously my skin still produces sebum
keeps my skin matte throughout the day
silky it works perfectly as a primer under foundation if you want a super smooth finish
feels so smooth on my skin
the texture of my skin looks even after my foundation application
helps my makeup look fresh all day
it makes my skin so smooth
really gives the skin a refined appearance
perfectly works with my skin.
makes skin look smoother
as it promises to give skin a matte finish
it works way better when i use my smashbox primer on my moisturized skin
it makes my skin smooth to touch
feels smooth on skin
this works pretty well at smoothing out pores under makeup
it makes my complexion smooth
it makes my skin super smooth
smooth base for makeup while really making skin appear smoother
really does smooth pores
it gives a very matte appearance
my skin feels so much more hydrated
my makeup looks smoother
works extremely well with the exfoliating powder to leave my face smooth
it makes my skin feel hydrated
cleanses the skin wonderfully as well
dry skins will love because it loves a moisturized skin
has evened out my skin tone giving me a healthy complexion
it feels so good i feel like i'm moisturizing my face as well
it is very moisturizing obviously
makes my face feel so clean
it leaves my skin so so smooth!
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my face super clean
clear and moisturized skin like never before.
i find it incredibly effective for helping blemishes/zits heal
t's great for people with oily skin too
cleans face very well and moisturizes too!
my face feels amazingly clean afterwards!
calm me as well
moisturizer with spf seem to work best with keeping my skin moist
hydrated without feeling greasy
it gives me sun protection without being greasy.
i feel so refreshed after
my face felt cleaner yet hydrated!
my skin needs hydration and not the soapy kind.
feels wonderful and clean and soft and hydrated.
leaves the skin feeling super hydrated
i love how lightweight it feels
how clean it smells
wasn't amazing at keeping my skin moisturized
i feel my skin has become less oily
it moisturize very well
it makes my skin look glowy and healthy.
my face feels fresh and hydrated after use.
second it is so soothing to my skin
this one has really kept my face hydrated
it will make your skin feel very hydrated
it makes your skin feel so quenched
it feels light on your skin
it leaves such a natural moisturizes glowing finish to my skin that lasts all day
keeps my skin looking flawless
my skin is hydrated
left my skin smooth and hydrated.
it is light and keeps my skin clear.
my skin feels supple
this keeps it moisturized without making anything greasy
that being said, it is really hydrating.
the moisturizer absorbs well without leaving the skin with a greasy feel
i love using it in the morning because my skin feels moisturized
it goes on lightly but moisturizes.
so this keeps me moisturized for the day
it is very light weight yet very hydrating
it's a lovely daily moisturizer that protects my skin from the sun without making me feel like a grease pit
feels very moisturized without feeling greasy
this has a very clean scent
very nice facial lotion that is fast absorbing
looking to find a moisturizer that not only moisturized
makes my face feel hydrated all day long
my lid felt hydrated
because it is a very thick moisturizer
i will definitely be using this more in the winter because of how well it keeps my skin hydrated
it gives me the hydration
leaves skin hydrated without any oiliness.
the thing i love about this moisturizer is that it is lightweight
feels fresh on my skin
this product moisturizes without making me feel greasy
it is a perfectly light hydration
it is a very clean smell
feel the smoothness all day long
mpressed by how instantly my skin seemed fresher
dehydrated my skin was
instantly my skin looked more moisturized
since i have dry skin it fully hydrates my skin
eyes hydrated throughout the day
keeps my skin so hydrated during the winter months
this is just what my skin needs in order to stay moisturized
this is a super thick formula.
my face felt so smooth, hydrated, and healthy.
gives your skin a very smooth feel
it's very hydrating and gets the job done.
otherwise my skin feels soooo hydrated after using this
does a great job of hydrating my skin
my skin can get very oily from time to time
i can still feel it working to hydrate my skin
it leaves my face feeling supple
i love how moist my skin feels
it hydrates but has the feel of a matte primer.
this made my skin feel oily
this cream is very thick
feeling healed from the sun
it is so soothing
my skin is super tight without a moisturizer
this product is super hydrating without being greasy
woke up w hydrated skin
my skin is supple
hydrated my skin perfectly
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it is definitely hydrating
its ultra moisture leaves a flawless feel on your skin
it makes my skin feel super hydrated
i find that my skin looks refreshed over night
leaves skin feeling moisturized
it hydrates your skin leaving it feeling smooth
when i wake up my skin feels so hydrated
all their cosmetics work so nicely on my skin
great texture -- i always feel well hydrated.
so while it doesn't "feel" moisturized
'm always on the lookout for a moisturizes that works
sort of lifts the eyes of how hydrating this product can be
i got a sample and loved it, super hydrating
it does a great job of hydrating my under eyes
this product is great for hydrating that area
and i will hydrate and sleep more as well!
makes a smooth canvas for your foundation
it's very moisturizing and feels comfortable.
not to mention its very hydrating.
my skin under my eyes was smooth
a beautifully hydrating under eye cream that absorbs quickly
is very hydrating on my dry skin
my eyes are hydrated
this night cream is super thin
it has a nice lightweight texture that doesn't leave my eye area feeling greasy
keep it in the fridge for a refreshing feeling in the morning
will pick up because of how hydrating it is
it makes my eyes feel hydrated
very hydrating, but sits well under makeup.
i feel it brightens my eye area
the skin around my eyes looks hydrated
it works for my skin
after using the product my skin looks calm
this product has not only moisturized
it does moisturize very well
absorbs very fast without oily shine
this moisturizer has healed my skin so much!
i used this and my skin was immediately hydrated.
this has been so soothing on my skin!
leaving my skin feeling wonderfully nourished to boot
moisturizes really well throughout the day.
i love this cream...it absorbs so well!
the texture is very thick
i hope it can be more hydrating
within 3 days was looking like clear healthy skin
gives a bit of an oily feel to my combination skin
seems to calm and sooth red skin.
t really soothes my extremely dry
goes on matte and stays that way.
this makes my skin tight, radiant, and acne free.
it keeps my skin smooth
and i think my skin looks brighter and firmer.
soaks right into your skin and feels light !
my face is smooth
i feel that my skin is smoother
my skin feels firmer and really smooth.
my skin feels tighter
it makes my skin smooth
it has been perfectly fine under makeup
it is easy to apply and makes me feel hydrated.
made my eye area look so hydrated in seconds al
certainly makes my under-eyes feel more hydrated
it does moisturize nicely.
sleep that cream is perfect for me
my skin around my eyes is smoother
it seems to work well on puffiness
my eyes feel firmer and smoother.
makes my skin feel so nourished
smooth without the greasy feel
'm not stretching the delicate skin around my eyes
concealer around eye area as the skin is much smoother now
very hydrated, no irritation around the eye.
it is hydrating although in the winter i'd prefer something a bit more hydrating
definitely provides more moisture than my normal face lotion
it does help my eye area feel hydrated
moisturizes the eye area as well
makes my eye are so smooth!
keeps the eye area hydrated especially with makeup
i really love this eye cream because it moisturizes amazingly without being too greasy
it helps to smooth my skin out.
when used at night keeps my undereye hydrated
i do feel the product delivers on a formula that is "smooth
this eye cream moisturizes really well.
find it very hydrating
my eye area feels moisturized
it is very moisturizing but not thick and heavy.
before that though, i get a nice exfoliation.
cleans my skin amazingly, leaves me feels fresh.
it does leave my skin feeling fresh
this cleanser really feels like it polishes my skin
cleans my skin perfectly.
it left my skin feeling deeply cleansed
my skin feels smooth
it leaves my skin feeling comfortable
cleans out my pores so that my skin feels like it can breathe again
my face looks plump and has a healthy tone.
i feel like the cream base gives a little hydration back to my skin
helps it to feel smooth along with the exfoliation
boscia makeup-breakup cool cleansing oil
i feel it deep cleaning
my skin always looks refreshed.
this helps smooth out my skin
my skin looks younger
it exfoliates physically as well as chemically.
leaves my skin so refreshed and clean.
it leaves my skin feel smooth
leaves face feeling smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth.
your skin is smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it makes my skin look so refreshed
this makes my skin look healthy
it seems to exfoliate very well
leaves my face smooth
is a mousse it is really cool
leaves my skin feeling smooth
it keeps my skin clear
my face is so smooth
i really like not having to exfoliate
love how it is a cleanser as well.
skin rinses clean, smooth, bright and refreshed!
leaves my face feeling super clean
this however, really exfoliates!
my skin actually glows healthy for a bit after using
it helps keep my skin smoother
this serum leaves my skin looking more awake
my skin looks less tired.
my face looks plump and has a healthy tone.
really brightens your skin
makes you look awake
i feel super hydrated.
by morning my skin looks rejuvenated
this serum definitely delivers and pleasantly so.
silky smooth and moisturizing but not too heavy.
my skin was smoother
makes my skin look and feel fresh and smooth
i find that it gives my skin a healthy youthfulness
my mske-up and concealer go on nicely.
i can finally wear tinted moisturizer or go bare faced without feeling self conscious
it makes my skin feel smooth
my skin instantly felt more moisturized
it does hydrate my eye area
it's hydrating for the eye area without being too greasy
its also very hydrating
my concealer stays on pretty good
i love how hydrated my under-eye area feels.
it seems to be hydrating.
i feel like my under eyes are well moisturized
it definitely keeps the sensitive skin around the eyes moisturized
my under eye concealer goes over very nicely
seems to keep that skin around my eyes very hydrated
keeps my undereye area super hydrated.
feels light though hydrates well
it's very hydrating and fills in wrinkles.
it pats on very nicely.
it's hydrating, but not greasy.
it keeps my delicate undereye area moisturized
you can feel it adding moisture
it really moisturizes my eye area
feels very soothing to the skin.
also works nicely with my concealer
really does moisturize the under-eyes
my skin feels supple and smooth after using this.
the skin under my eyes is hydrated
the reason for the cream was to make sure i was hydrated enough during the winter months
keeping my eye area moisturized
the skin around my eyes looked healthier
provides all day hydration without being oily.
my eye area still feels hydrated in the morning
moisturizes well and lasts all day.
the acne treatment was actually bearable because of this product
leaves eye area hydrated n not greasy
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this makes my skin feel fresh without the tight feeling
this cleanser is so gentle on my skin yet still leaves it feeling so clean
it makes a nice lather
it left my skin feeling supple
this product allows me to thoroughly clean my skin without drying it out
while my skin felt smooth after use
i love this cleanser because it leaves my face clean
it keeps my skin feeling clean yet moisturized.
use a philosophy body wash after to smell good
does not feel like soap and is very gentle.
massaging it onto my face makes my skin feel softer
this product seems to slightly calm redness
my face is moisturized
the cream moisturized my face without leaving it greasy or tight
leaves your skin clean
mpressed that my skin is clean
i can feel that my skin was clean
my skin is calm
also feels very clean
it cleans make up very well
it really cleans without stripping skin of natural oils
this cleanse is really good and smooth....
it keeps my skin healthy
leaves my skin moisturized
leaves your skin refreshed & smooth.
it cleans perfectly without making my skin feel tight
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this cleanser was so gentle
was hoping to find a really gentle cleanser
a sample of the moisturizer as well as the "calm
the skin around my eyes becomes dehydrated very easily
it also keeps my eye area hydrated the whole day.
my skin looks alive
this is a very nice, gentle hydrating eye cream.
hydrated after using it
keeps my eye skin hydrated
the skin near my eyes feels hydrated all day
it really hydrates the skin under your eye
i feel more hydrated around the eye
it is very hydrating
this eye cream is very hydrating
my eyes feel hydrated w/o the super greasy feeling
seems to help a bit with puffiness, too.
it feels so hydrating
though this is still very moisturizing don't get me wrong
the eye cream is definitely hydrating
it feels soothing on contact.
this soaks in so nicely
it is like my eyes feel comforted and nourished.
it keeps my eyes looking tight and fresh.
the skin was smoother
it is so hydrating and soothing.
the eye cream goes on so smooth
it makes my eyes feel smooth and hydrated.
it really hydrates the skin
skin is plumper and hydrated.
it is extremely hydrating
makes my skin feel silky smooth all day long
love how my skin absorbs this.
so a good moisturizer is
it keeps my skin hydrated and nourished.
leaves you with a dewy hydrated finish
it's very smoothing to my skin
it is very hydrating
it is hydrating without clogging my pores
it works perfectly as a hydrating base under makeup
afterwards it is nourished
this moisturizer was gentle enough for my skin
made me feel oily
thick moisturizer that goes on smoothly
everything that i tried made my skin very oily
my skin is hydrated
keeps my skin well balanced
feels like it calms my skin
my skin is flawless
so the acne i get heals with very dark hyper-pigmentation marks
it feels very gentle on the skin
whenever i use this i feel like i'm being treated to a min-spa session because it plumps my skin up like a baby's bottom
it leaves my skin feeling really clean
it left my skin so smooth and clean.
it cleanses very well
left an amazingly hydrating face
hydrated my skin was after using this
be sure to rinse that one well
makes my skin look
my skin feels so clean and refreshed.
it is a heavier cleanser so you will feel like your skin is moisturized
and it leaves my skin supple and refreshed.
it feels so gentle
rather hydrated after using
it leaves the skin hydrated enough
my skin is left feeling fresh and pampered!
it really cleanses my skin
i feel very hydrated after
and left my skin very clean.
it leaves my skin very smooth
the balm was very calming to my irritated
leaves my skin moisturized, calm and clear.
it left my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
i felt like my skin didn't feel as moisturized after cleansing my face as it did in the past
leaves skin so hydrated
my skin felt fresher
my face felt wonderfully moisturized
left me with an overall healthy feeling
it really cleans out my pores beautifully
leaves your skin feeling very clean yet comfortable
making sure all of the balm has been thoroughly removed
keeps the skin hydrated
your face will be hydrated and silky.
it made my skin feel so silky even after rinsing.
my skin actually felt pretty hydrated till the end of a work day as well
the texture it's very oily
what i can say about this that it leaves your skin hydrated
it left my skin so smooth
leaves skin feeling so supple and smooth.
it leaves my face feeling clean
i also saw some light reflective particles that left my skin looking so healthy
clean you will enjoy this
my face was clean yet hydrated after use
my skin felt so hydrated
my face was left feeling clean yet hydrated.
my skin is craving for extra moisture
moisturizer just soaks in nicely.
it feels so smooth and hydrated.
my face felt smooth
i remembered what it felt like to be adequately moisturized
it helps keep me hydrated.
my skin is even-toned
it makes a nice lather.
it leaves my skin so clean
it leaves it feeling so fresh
helps with acne too
found this to be a wonderful cleanser that not only gently cleanses my face
leaves it well-hydrated
the creaminess of this face wash helps to keep my face moisturized while cleaning it
other cleansers leave my skin feeling tight
leaves skins smooth , clean 7 refreshed
this cleanser cleanses very well
before this cleanser my skin was always red
my skin felt hydrated afterwards
my skin just felt healthier.
leaves my skin feeling clean
it works with your skin to clean
keeps my skin moisturized
my skin feels very clean
i love having clean skin
it makes my skin feel refreshed and clean.
you can tell it gives your face a nice dewy cleanse fresh feel after
this is the only cleanser that makes my skin feel clean without being drying
it cleans my skin very well
this cleanser also leaves my skin in perfect condition
needed a more gentle cleanser during winter
i wanted a cleanser that would clean my skin
my skin is clean
i already know this is my cleanser i'm done looking makes your skin feel clean without being dry
i feel my skin very clean afterwards :
does make skin smooth.
they leave your skin feeling fresh
my skin is left feeling fresh
the skin is so comfortable after use
my skin feels so clean
this cleanser leaves my face feeling clean
this is a wonderful creamy cleanser that really gets your skin clean without taking the natural moisture away
skin feels nourished, not dry.
i love the clean feel my face has after washing with this cleanser
leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin feels clean
as it continues to hydrate
keeps my skin looking smooth
my skin appears firmer
it really hydrates and brightens my skin.
the texture of my skin is much smoother
it hydrated my sensitive
kept my skin perfectly balanced all day
leaves your skin supple enough that foundation still applies very well on top of it
the product also does what it says it will: it's hydrating without being oily
so hydrating, feels light and absorbs right in.
my skin is sssooo smooth
my skin reacts badly to almost all moisturizers
it just isn't hydrating enough for my winter skin
how sturdy it is
it helps keep my skin
keeps my skin moisturized
supple skin in the morning
has also made my skin more supple
this is a very good moisturizer for normal
the ultra-healthy texture
the texture of my skin seems better.
my skin was smoother
skin feels moisturized but not greasy.
this lotion balances my skin's different needs very well
properly moisturized without any hint of a greasy
this lotion perfectly fits the bill.
this lighter version of their heavier cream moisturizer is fantastic
it feels very light and yet hydrating.
neck feel deeply hydrate
my skin is smoother
my skin looks firmer
love how it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this leaves me skin super moisturized
this one definitely moisturizes
it goes on like a smooth balm
it glides on your skin so nicely
the overnight restorative cream keeps my skin hydrated without it being greasy
hydrating without being greasy
in the morning my skin feels supple
it leaves my skin so moisturized
in the morning it looks so smooth
still have very oily skin
my face has never felt so hydrated
supple without feeling weighed down or greasy
my skin felt smoother
my skin quality is definitely improved: smooth
so light and keeps my skin moist.
my face feels smoother
it leaves my skin looking more plump
it absorbs quick and has a lightweight feel.
it makes my skin
i wake up with the most amazingly moisturized face that is supple
supple my skin looks after using it at night
it definitely helps smooth wrinkles
this worked wonders at hydrating my skin
my skin looks younger
my skin is smoother
my skin is firmer
i love that it absorbs without leaving that over moisturized feeling in the mornings
my skin is smoother
i'd wake up with super dewy and moisturized skin.
it leaves the skin hydrated throughout the night
this product makes my skin look supple
find that the hydrating masks usually are thick
feels so smooth and moisturized in the morning.
i can tell that it feels hydrated when i wake up in the mornings
leaves my skin baby smooth and hydrates!!!!
my skin feels smooth
my makeup looks smoother and i don't feel greasy.
i went to sleep dehydrated
my skin just felt so super duper hydrated
my skin is supple
it keeps my skin perfectly hydrated without being oily
the next morning my face its completely hydrated
my skin feels so rejuvenated when i awake.
the next morning my skin is hydrated
this is a great hydrating mask
my skin always feels refreshed in the morning
hydrated while i sleep
in the winter time, it keeps my skin very supple.
the other seasons it keeps it well moisturized.
this mask helps to keep my skin hydrated.
it is a struggle to keep your skin looking moisturized all year round up here
my skin feels smoother
it was super hydrating
the next morning my skin is still moisturized
have been re-hydrating my dehydrated skin
the masque itself is really cool.
this has helped keep my skin smooth.
made my face actually feel moisturized
my skin is left hydrated
this morning they felt moisturized and wonderful.
my skin looks completely moisturized
it restored moisture to my skin leaving it looking healthy
your skin is definitely hydrated after
a very unique mask that you put on before bedtime
i wake up still feeling moisturized.
my skin looked hydrated after using it
leaves my skin so nice and plump and clear.
supple when i woke up this morning
i wake up with my skin feeling so hydrated
i can feel my skin absorbing it
it makes my skin so smooth
after two days my skin was feeling so hydrated
it's so crazy hydrating
this moisturizer works amazingly for dry skin!
this moisturizer is pretty lightweight
finally my skin felt hydrated
its very thick moisturizing cream n i wanted something like this exactly to calm my skin overnight
makes my skin feel moisturized
omg made my extremely dry skin feel super soft
this product leaves my skin supple through out the night
it moisturizes very well
it really soaks into your skin and moisturizes.
my skin is moisturized
i wake up with my skin super smooth.
it moisturizes so well
it really plumps the skin with moisture.
my skin looked smooth
found my skin refreshed
my skin just looks so smooth
my skin looks and feels healthy.
your skin looks refreshed
my skin felt youthful
still feels light on the skin
when i use this on my skin overnight i wake up with my skin feeling very moisturized
this moisturizer is very gentle
i woke up with incredibly smooth, hydrated skin.
immediately my skin feels hydrated
i wake up and my skin feels supple.
hydrated with out any greasy residue
my face feel extra smooth
it soaks into skin very nicely
it keeps my skin hydrated
it is brighter, even-toned, and moisturized.
is doing a decent job helping my skin heal
this moisturizer feels good on my skin
it really moisturizes and plumps!
yet my skin looks smooth
it definitely keeps me moisturized all day
my skin felt quite pleasant
it is very light but keeps skin moisturized.
i noticed that i'm still oily after a few hours so this isn't extremely hydrating
it hydrates and keeps my skin balanced.
i am 45, but having a very oily skin.
this moisturizer is a very good product for oily skin
keeps my skin looking
without leaving greasy feel on skin
it's refreshing and keeps my skin hydrated.
i do still run a damp microfiber cloth over my face after using the cleanser for a super fresh feeling
right now i'm loving the coconut cleansing milk better
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
it makes my skin clean
this left my skin super clean!!!
removes mascara perfectly without hurting my eyes
it's a nice gentle cleanser that works without drying my skin out
leaves skin feeling clean
this cleansing water is so gentle
cleans my face very well
it makes your skin feel so nice & hydrated!
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
leave you feeling clean
hydrated under my eyes
i also think it plumps my skin
it light weight non greasy and has a nice smell.
they definitely felt hydrated after using this
my eyes felt hydrated
it is a good hydrating eye cream
it felt really lightweight while still hydrating
it adds the moisture i need without overdoing it
focus more on keeping my skin hydrated
orange makes your skin feel refreshed instantly.
i feel super refreshed when i combine it with my origins ginzing moisturizer
i do feel refreshed after using this
it depuffs my under eyes as well hydrates my skin
leaves it feeling smooth
i find that it sits really nicely under concealer
i will say it most definutely helps hydrate the eye area
it does a great job of calming the redness in my skin too
it really helped to moisturize
it did make me look refreshed
keeps my eye area moisturized all day
it truly helps with the puffiness under my eyes.
am very sleep deprived
it makes my eyes feel so refreshed.
i love the way this cream keeps my eyes feeling moisturized
this eye cream definitely helped refresh
makes the under eye skin smooth
my skin feels so fresh
this is hydrating refreshing
it definitely helps soothe those puffy eyes.
i enjoy how light this cream feels on my skin.
everything does the same job which keeps my eyes hydrating
i do think that my under eyes look more refreshed
made my eyes feel awake and baby soft!
i still love the hydration i get from this product
has a cool feeling to the skin
i love this eye cream because it blends in sooooo smoothly
how it keeps your skin feeling moisturized
it makes my skin feel very clean
clean my skin feels after using this
it gets my skin so clean
it leaves my skin clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves a refreshing feel and cleans very well!
giving it a great "clean" feeling without stripping all of the moisture out of my skin
your skin feels very clean afterwards
my skin felt ready to take in a moisturizer
i also love the way it feels when lathering up.
love the way my skin feels when i rinse it off
my skin always looks youthful
nothing makes my skin as smooth.
i don't feel like i need to moisturize right after
as you wash it off your skin feels so fresh
really did balanced my oily skin .
refreshed sensation i personally crave when i'm starting my day
my face feels so refreshed after using it too!
i love that this cleanser gives me a squeaky clean feeling without making my face feel dry
my face feels super clean after using it
leaves the skin clean
leaves skin feeling fresh
hydrated i just started using it
the rest of my face still feels hydrated
still hydrated in those areas that need moisture
keeps my skin feeling comfortable
the lather it produces is really rich
helps my face feel relaxing
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
when i use it my skin feel super clean
i love the way my skin feels moisturized
it lathers so well
this balances my skin perfectly.
can get it rinsed off really well
my skin stays clear
leaves my face feeling smooth.
my face feels so clean
this is a really well balanced cleanser.
it makes my skin feel so clean and clear.
i love how cleansed my skin feels after using this
this makes me feel fresh after every wash
invigorating and washes off quick and clean
it leaves you feeling clean and refreshed!
makes my feel face very clean
my skin is balanced
make sure you use it on clean skin
i work outdoors a lot so moisturizing is very important
made my skin even toned
it is light yet still hydrating
light weight, clean, smells amazing.
your skin feels supple
this eye cream does smooth out fine lines
very moisturizing without making me shiny or greasy
it moisturizes very well without suffocating my skin
nourished at the end of the day
just with a relaxed feel overall
light it feels on my skin
it keeps my skin feeling moisturized without being greasy
makes skin feel very smooth
it makes my skin feel so smooth
my complexion feels hydrated and looks fantastic!
my skin is still balanced
this makes my face feel healthy
ready for my moisturizer without feeling greasy
it feels so smooth and light weight.
my face looked cleaner and more toned.
the design is so clean looking
my skin has improved by looking more hydrated
it makes your skin look smoother
makes your skin feel hydrated
my skin was so supple
makes you feel hydrated
you will wake up with glowing hydrated skin!
my skin is so healthy
night-a-mins is intensely hydrating
it makes my skin feel smooth
my skin feels sooooo smooth afterwards
it is truly amazing and so hydrating
my skin still looks
skin always looks plump
i wake up to fresher feeling
when i wake up my skin looks hydrated
i wake up with brighter and hydrated skin.
my skin was more refreshed in the morning
it did a wonderful job hydrating my dry to normal skin
leaves skin feeling hydrated
my skin always looks well-hydrated in the morning
immediately my skin felt smoother and warm.
well hydrated in the morning
every morning i wake up to perfectly hydrated refreshed skin after using it
moisturized when i wake up
feeling hydrated in the morning
it also makes my skin look plumpy & healthy.
makes skin look very alive and healthy.
moisturizes really well before bed
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated but not oily.
makes my skin so moisturized
makes my skin feel wonderfully moisturized
so at night i need that hydration.
it really hydrates my skin without making it feel greasy
feels so light weight
the herb smell make me feel relaxed
very hydrated and the cream easy to absorb!
leaves your face moisturized
my face is refreshed and hydrated in the morning.
really nice cream, extremely hydrating.
my skin wakes up feeling so nourished
look refreshed in the am
my face is refreshed
absorbs slightly leaving your skin feeling moisturized after a few minutes
my skin looks so plump
in the morning my skin my skin feels plump
it is very hydrating.
it leaves me feeling clean
it keeps the moisture in my skin
cleans my face really well plus keeps it hydrated
i love how fresh my skin feels !
my skin feels clean and it goes a long way
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this cleanser keeps my skin feeling hydrated
helps calm down any redness
this product is great for that: a reliable cleanser that left my skin clean
a great cleanser that is both gentle on your skin
my face feels clean
leaves skin with a clean feeling
this is a great gentle cleanser that doesn't make my dry
this makes my skin feel clean
makes my skin feel clean without any drying.
my skin feels clean
it leaves your skin smooth and clean.
leaves my skin clean
my face feels so fresh after using this cleanser
feel like this cleans well without drying my skin
leaves your face refreshed and clean!
makes my skin feel fresh
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
this face wash is very cleansing
this is a very gentle cleanser that never leaves me feeling like my skin is too tight
i love how this cleanser is so gentle
super clean after i use it
leaves my skin feeling clean
refreshed without over drying
this cleanser cleans my face perfectly
make sure to rinse well!
after cleansing my face feels refreshed
gentle, natural and a very good cleanser.
the cleanser gets my skin so clean
as it leaves my skin with a nice clean feeling
this cleanser leaves your skin feeling clean
my skin feels so clean
leaves my skin feeling fresh
this is one of the few products that makes my skin feel clean with the tight
it leaves my face feeling clean
was perfectly balanced all day
this cleanser works amazingly well on my oily-combo skin
this cleanser leaves my skin clean and balanced.
skin feels clean and makeup is removed.
it makes my skin smooth and cleans it very well.
this really helped my pores & acne.
my skin feels super clean
my skin also feels smoother
tight made my pores look clean i would recommend
keep my skin looking fresh
this mask is perfect for my super oily skin.
after using a good moisturizer my skin feels perfectly fine :
my face instantly feels refreshed
love the way it feels when i rinse it off-- the clay glides smoothly off my skin
this is a nice product for my oily skin.
this mask is so cool
this definitely helps to make it less oily
my skin feels so smooth after use
i feel so refreshed after i use this.
my skin feels so smooth
my skin is struggling i can depend on this product to give me smooth refreshed skin every time i use it
as long as you moisturize it is perfect
it really does exfoliate.
as my skin was so smooth
this is so smooth
leaves my skin feeling smooth and clean.
smooth my face feels after this mask
my skin is so smooth
i can visibly see refresher
it really does clean and minimize my pores.
i find that it's easier to remove with a warm washcloth
this product has really helps keep blackheads to a minimum
it leaves your face feeling smooth and clean.
i found a skin care routine that leaves my skin pretty clean
love this when i'm feeling super oily during the week
it really deep cleans your skin
see your skin refreshed
leaves skin feeling and looking clean and fresh
this product really cleans out pores.
i feel less oily as well after using it
it left my face feeling very smooth.
my pores feel so clean afterwards
my skin really feels clean
i think i like the weight of this eye cream more
my eyes feel soothed
helps moisturize around eyes just as it says
my skin felt so hydrated
moisturized the next morning
it wears nicely under makeup
healthy as well as smoother
plump my eyes could feel
super relaxing night time regimen.
hydrated after each use
this eye cream is very hydrating
it feels tight and moisturized.
throughout my day my eyes feel hydrated
the formula is perfect to really hydrate under the eyes
this eye cream is everything.
this eye cream is very hydrating
it does leave my under eye skin moisturized
it's very light but moisturizing and smells nice.
hydrate my eye area all day
keeps my under eyes verty hydrated!!
it's very hydrating and is nice and light.
leaves my under eye moisturized all day
goes on smooth and moisturizes well.
and it does a good job at hydrating.
really need something that's hydrating
it does a great job of hydrating
the concealer went on very smoothly
making my eyes feel super hydrated
gel like feel but extreme hydration.
keeps my eye area hydrated
my eyes were still hydrated
my eyes are still hydrated
its so hydrating but light also.
makes my skin feel smooth
this cleanses my skin thoroughly
really clean my pores deeply.
feel the mint all while it feels a little tingly as it lifts my daily makeup off my skin
leaves my skin feeling very clean
it leaves you with a natural looking
my face always feels fresh and clean after.
it leaves my skin smooth
my face is left feeling clean and refreshed.
my skin remains smooth
my skin has a matte finish
light, super clean feeling after use.
so good for oily skin
leaves my skin feeling rehydrated
leaves my face feeling so clean
no redness, just good clean skin.
seems to balance oily skin well
this cleanser definitely leaves your face clean
this cleanser leaves it feeling clean
-leaves you feeling refreshed
it said it helps clear blackheads
just make sure to use a moisturizer after.
affordable gel cleanser that makes my skin feel really clean without being stripped
great for summertime when my skin is more oily!
my face feels super clean after
my skin always feels refreshed
my skin feels smooth
i feel very clean
refreshed after washing my face
makes your skin refreshed
i feel so clean
helping it stay matte
this product is super calming on my skin
this cleanser feels so refreshing
it really leaves my skin feeling tingly
it lathers well with a bit of water
i feel my skin cleaner and feel not dry !
it makes my skin feel clean and tight.
making my skin feel clean
i didn't feel the cool sensation or tingly feeling other people got
this cleanser keeps my extremely oily skin balanced
my skin stays matte all day.
it makes my skin feel so clean
this cleanser is part of my routine for reducing shine on my very oily face
it makes my skin look
i just wish it were more hydrating.
it definitely helps leep the skin moisturized
the smell is really nicevery hydrating
smells good, feels hydrating.
it started to make me a little nauseous
my skin was moisturized
you can also feel it working on your skin with a tingling cooling sensation
my skin is softer and looks healthier.
it almost seems like i can feel it hydrating my skin while its on
smooth out my skin
my skin felt soft, hydrated and not oily at all.
make sure you moisturize after!
i work very hard to keep it moisturized
this is pretty hydrating although not quite as luxe feeling on my skin
your skin looks fine
this mask makes my skin so smooth
your skin feels hydrated
after washing off the mask i can feel my skin is instantly moisturised
it really moisturizes my skin
the skin was less red and moisturized.
it really gives my skin a boost in hydration.
it does a good job at hydrating my very dry skin
this stuff really made my skin feel supple.
feels like lotion when it comes out
my face felt plump
this really is the best to use after you use a clay / detoxifying mask because that's when you need hydration the most
my face is fully hydrated after 10 min.
it leaves by skin feeling really hydrated after each use
i've also used it on my long flights to keep my face moisturized
it gives a lot of hydration without feeling greasy at all
tip: if skin is really dehydrated
really nice, easy to use and hydrating mask.
both do a wonderful job of hydrating my skin
i need hydration even though my skin gets oily
it was supple and clearer!!
skin feels so hydrated after using it
i feel like i've applied some lightweight lotion onto my skin
makes my skin smooth
this mask makes your skin very smooth
my skin feels quenched
super smooth after a treatment
it became super hydrated
it leaves you feeling plump
my face feels plump
is a super light formula that feels smooth on your skin
immediately after washing it off my skin looked supple
it makes my skin so smooth
the next morning my skin feels completely hydrated
works really well to hydrate
to make sure my skin stays moisturized after a deep-cleansing mask
my face feels so smooth.
my skin has been so smooth
leaves my skin feeling healthy
my acne has healed quite a bit
my skin texture feels better
this moisturizer worked very well giving enough moisture to my skin while keeping it matte
this lotion always leaves a pleasant feel
it also still moisturizes well
it locks in all my other skin care products wonderfully
i love how it feels on my skin as one of the ingredients is spearmint which creates a slightly cooling effect
it absorbs into my skin so fast leaving it looking healthy
i wanted an effective yet lightweight moisturizer that won't leave my skin feeling greasy
keeps me hydrated but doesn't make me greasy.
my skin is fairly oily
bonus that the salicylic acid seems to keep my skin clear as well
it makes my skin smooth
feels fresh on skin.
leaves the skin feeling fresh
is good for super oily skin
a great moisturizer without the greasy feeling or look
it keeps my face moisturized in the harsh
that it helps keep my complexion clear
i can certainly put up with that for moisturized skin
lightweight moisturizer that didn't leave my skin feeling taught or dry
kept my skin moisturized throughout the day
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
the combo seems good for my oily skin
this lotion goes on nicely
to make my skin stop feeling tight
my skin feels perfectly balanced
makes my face feel refreshed
i stay matte all day.
f you have a sunburn or just got waxed it feels wonderful
my face feels smoother
this stuff keeps me moisturized
my skin looks calm
my skin is so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling super clean
but it does calm the look and feel of breakouts.
after using my skin feels fresh
leaves my skin smooth
it feels very cleansing
leaves my skin smooth
as long as i moisturize afterwards
it makes my skin feel soft and so very refreshed.
it leaves your skin feeling hydrated and soft.
make sure use it after cleansing
this helps a lot with calming my skin
works well to dry up and heal acne.
this definitely helps calm it down!
overall, it seems to calm down my skin a bit.
my skin feels super smooth
use this to calm your skin
i feel like i've just had a professional facial.
my skin feels so clean
i really found it calming
my skin felt so smooth
it only moisturized my skin for a little
it leaves you refreshed
love how it makes my skin feel as its drying
has a cooling slightly tingly feeling to it
i love how this moisturizer gives me just enough hydration without making my skin more oily
i feel so tingly when i use it
it kept my skin moisturized without making it look or feel greasy
it has a cooling feature that i feel revitalizes your face
i love the cool feeling i have combination skin
this is a nice, light-weight moisturizer.
it does feel slightly cooling on the skin.
my skin is smoother
i really liked this moisturizer- it made my skin feel sufficiently hydrated while still feeling light
it just feels like skin- healthy skin
left my skin feeling hydrated and non greasy!!
the gel is fresh
hydrates without a greasy feeling.
hydrated no residue left behind
this is so good for combination/oily skin!
feels clean, dries quickly and feels amazing !
leaves your skin smooth
boscia’s revitalizing black hydration gel gives a cool sensation as it glides on
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
light, hydrating and is perfect under my makeup.
it really calms down irritated skin
wakes up the skin with a cool refreshing feeling
i can feel like my skin is breathing fresh cool air
just dissappears leaving skin perfectly moisterized
this has really helped calm down the redness in my skin
my skin is so consistently clear and moisturized.
it is safe to say it is my holy grail moisturizer
this gel keeps me very hydrated
this really hydrates my skin
i found this product surprisingly hydrating as well as soothing on my very dry
it's super light but yet hydrating.
i feel my skin is firmer
my cheeks are moisturized
my face stays matte all day!
it keeps my face moisturized
there's a tingly sensation that makes you feel rejuvenated
leaves you with a fresh feel
i love how light weight it feels.
i like lathering this on my neck as well
extremely hydrating around the eye area
it has a gel like texture which is cooling so feels lush in the mornings
it sinks in well and feels super hydrating.
it keeps you skin around your eyes moist
it feels lightweight and refreshing.
it does a great job keeping my under eye area moisturized
i love the feeling i get when i use it- it feels a little tingly
my eyes look refreshed
i look 5 years younger and very well-rested.
this cream is very hydrating
has a soothing feel to it that makes the delicate skin around my eyes very happy
my skin looks younger
it's still quite hydrating
it feels very clean
cool on my skin
night my skin would only need it at night to hydrate
i love this under eye cream- it is so smooth
i notice that it really moisturizes
i like how it feels refreshing when i put it on the delicate skin around my eyes
this eye cream seems to work!
this is a pretty strong peel pad that you can feel tingling
makes my skin so dewy
makes my skin feel balanced
this product makes my skin feel smooth after i apply it
it leaves your skin feeling so smooth with out it being oily
i can feel an improvement in my skin texture
because it exfoliates fast
it makes skin feel plump
it keeps my face feeling moisturized and glowing.
my skin looks smooth
it keeps my skin moisturized all day
my skin has a smoother texture
my skin felt more vibrant and smoother.
very healthy without makeup
i get a lot of compliments on the smoothness of my skin
my skin feel so smooth
my skin feels deeply hydrated
makes my skin feel smooth
evens my skin tone
my skin is smooth
truly keeps my skin hydrated
it stays moist for a while
i feel comfortable wearing no makeup as the moisturizer makes me feel glow-y
i recommend this to anybody who has dehydrated skin
hydrated my skin feels
it absorbs so fast and feels amazing on the skin.
my skin looks so hydrated
yes i guarantee you every morning when i wake up my skin looks hydrated
moisturized because of this product
it's lightweight feeling while being very moisturizing
i love the gel like texture, it soaks right in.
i find because it's more gel like it feels more hydrating
not greasy at all it feels velvety once fully absorbed
my skin feels relief
it keeps your face moisturized long after application
leaves it feeling smooth
while this product works for hydration in warm days
now my skin stays hydrated all day.
this does such a good job at hydrating it
makes my skin plump and hydrated.
it keeps my skin hydrated and it's not to heavy.
this balanced my skin.
noticed skin was very hydrated with it
my face is noticeably moisturized
hydrated even after applying my makeup it's awesome
there's something about the formula that "locks" the moisture into my skin so my face feels hydrated all day
my skin remains hydrated all day
it is the only cream that has helped them stay moisturized
i love this stuff because it's extremely hydrating
my face feels hydrated all day long
it's so hydrating and fast-absorbing.
hydrates my dry skin perfectly with no break outs
it did keep my face hydrated
it keeps my skin moist
it's a very thick, smooth product.
hydrated without the heavy oily feeling you get from most moisturizers
so good really moisturizing for dehydrated skin without leaving any tackiness or grease
and the way it leaves my skin greasless feeling.
my skin has been super dehydrated
powder cant work well if your skin is not moisturized
help your skin to look better by this miracle hydrator
really struggle to find a product to keep it hydrated all day
i appreciate that because it keeps my skin protected during my commute
i feel like it helps my skin retain the moisture
my skin looks younger, tight, and vibrant.
my skin feels comfortable and smooth.
my skin feels quite smooth
the sales person said that this wasn't only hydrating
i recommend this if your dehydrated
my skin feels clean
really makes the skin smooth
you ever feel your skin is tight from dryness than this is your serum
this really prepped my skin for moisturizer
a pretty decently sized bottle
this makes your skin feel smooth as glass
i felt my skin get hydrated on its own
it seems to smooth out my eyelid skin pretty well
my eyes are smooth as a baby's
it really is amazing for puffiness, wrinkles etc.
it has a cooling feeling
makes the area feel refreshed
it's also quite hydrating
it hydrates the eye area nicely
find it does make the orbital skin feel more taut to the point i need a moisturizer on top of it to feel more comfortable
the skin is smooth
under eye area felt smooth
under eye area felt smooth
you know your skin is dehydrated
it's a good moisturizer that is lightweight
or feel tight on my skin
i think that this product would be great as a super lightweight moisturizer for more oily skin types
it would definitely give that bit of moisture relief without any added oiliness
so be sure your foundation has sun protection
my skin just looks plumper
it actually keeps my face hydrated without having to reapply anything
it seems to plump my skin
it helps keep my skin well hydrated
it feels like a drink of water for my skin
keeps my skin perfectly balanced
it feels very calming when applied
i loved the way this made my skin feel so moist!
i find my face still looks more hydrated during the day
it truly hydrates your face
it provides almost a dewy look to my tired skin
my skin is smoother and and hydrated.
it moisturizes exceptionally well without feeling greasy
it's lightweight and it moisturizes.
i love it my skin feels so clean
refreshed after i use this
clean well without dryin the skin
i also felt the warm sensation like it said when i rub my face with it
it really feels detoxifying.
my face feels so smooth
my skin felt a little tight after washing
i felt like it left my skin feeling clean
this leaves my skin looking and feeling clean.
my skin feels clean very deep clean
this cleanser makes my skin feel so fresh
leaves my skin smooth
it made my face feel gently
i find this cleanser to be very gentle on my face with amazing force
as a naturally super oily person
feels very gentle on the skin
really cleans out your pores
it's also fairly hydrating.
with this product my skin is always smooth
start lathering it warms my face
i feel like it's working on controlling oiliness
it lathers nicely for me
makes your skin feel
love this cleanser-because it warms
leaves your skin feeling fresh
it cleans my face very well
leaves skin feeling clean
the warming cleanser feels amazing on my face
gets skin very clean without dryin it out
i feel like it literally "detoxifies" my skin!
my skin does feel much more hydrating in the morning
i think this one is more hydrating
it is so hydrating
it also moisturizes under my eyes
yet moisturized at the same time
it keeps my skin hydrated.
this makes my skin feel beautifully moisturized without feeling greasy
make my skin feel soft and hydrated
my skin looks younger
i will say that it's not quite as hydrating as the overnight restorative
since then have been focusing on keeping my skin hydrated
for me it is not hydrating enough.
it hydrated my skin balancing out the dryness
my skin feels instantly hydrated
gives a healthy/perked up look
my skin feels more toned
my skin is so plump
it makes my skin smooth
it feels super smooth
i definitely hydrates my skin very well throughout the night because i have pretty dry skin around my nose
keeps my oily/dry skin balanced
my skin looks smoother
i find that it moisturizes well
my skin feels firmer
it moisturizes very well
my skin feels like it has more elasticity
well moisturized after the product is absorbed
which makes me feel better about all the nutrients being soaked into my skin instead of being all over my pillow like most moisturizers
5 stars for making my skin firmer
i don't feel moisturized enough
love how supple it makes my skin feel
it feels really hydrating
i do see firmer skin
the firming cream makes my skin look good
giving skin a smooth look
my skin is smoother
my skin is smoother
it keeps my eye contour nice and hydrates.
the fact that it contains caffeine probably helps somewhat with puffiness in the morning
we both love the eye gel because it is very calming
this is a lightweight gel that goes on smooth.
i look more rested, relaxed.
this gel depuffs and soothes eyes.
this gel is lightweight and soothing.
soothes the fine lines
it absorbs quickly so doesn't feel hydrating
it is very hydrating
more like a silicone feel
i really love this lightweight firming eye gel.
my skin looks smoother
my eyes look refreshed
makes my skin feel smooth
it is smooth and hydrating.
lift the skin nicely
leaves my face smooth
this makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin often felt over hydrated
i feel hydrated, renewed, and not dry, nor oily.
feeling healthy without being greasy
still gives the hydration my skin needs
this keeps my moisturized
the consistency of the cream is ultra light yet it nourishes my combination skin
so my skin is hydrated throughout the day without feeling oily or rich
it gives just the right amount of hydration for oily skin
makes my skin feel so healthy
finally found a moisturizer that keeps my skin balanced all day
my active life style makes my skin pull more oily
provides just enough hydration without being greasy
moisturizes my face without making it overly oily
leaves me moisturized without being greasy
while still being plumping
this moisturizer works amazingly for me
i really did like this for a lightweight moisturizer
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
my skin is hydrated
my skin became smooth
and not only that, it's super hydrating.
it has a very clean fresh smell that i enjoy
your skin still feels hydrated
it's strong enough to moisturize your skin
leaves the skin hydrated
my skin requires a lot of hydration
korres pomegranate is rich enough to seriously soothe dryness
helps keep my skin matte
evens out skin very tone
this moisturizer feels cool
moisturizes just the right amount for my combination skin
my skin stays matte well into the evening when i wear this
it's super lightweight and absorbs like a dream.
the wonderfully lightweight hydration made this a beauty staple
it kept my skin supple
it even seems to calm my redness
this moisturizer leaves my skin feeling clean
soothes any dryness i may feel
well it does moisturize
feels very comfortable on my combination skin
while this is pretty fragranced
this moisturizer has helped balance out my very oily combination skin
my skin is looking
i think it's just hydrating your skin.
so this being super hydrating is fine by me because it balances my skin so well
this is the perfect moisturizer for combination skin because it perfectly balances moisture with a matte finish
it leaves your face feeling refresh :)
not only does this great smelling moisturizer leave my skin baby soft
still leaves your skin matte
my skin is completely dehydrated
moisturized all day long
feels super light on my skin
supple in the morning
it keeps my skin moisturized all day
keeps my skin moist
be sure to warm in your h
nothing seems to keep your skin hydrated
my skin stays hydrated all day long.
it really does help moisturize my skin
make it feel hydrated again
it makes my skin super smooth
if you need intense hydration
it gets 5 stars as it hydrates really well
stays hydrated all day long
it really keeps my skin moisturized through the day
makes my skin feel smooth
hydrated radiant skin after one use
hydrated in the morning
it is a rich cream that my skin just soaks right up
my skin feels nourished
my skin looked healthier
then use this on the plane for a great conditioning/moisturizing mask that keeps my skin feeling soothed
evens my skin tone
it has been really gentle on my skin
it hydrated my skin but didn't brighten it
glowy, hydrated and clear/even skin.
my skin feels very moisturized after waking up
my face always looks moisturized
it is very hydrating
my skin feels smooth
hydrated in the morning
skin feels hydrated and looks radiant.
my skin feels smoother
the best thing is that my skin feels moisturized fully when i use it
even though it stays on the skin it just feels moisturizing like your skin is healthy not gross feeling
this leaves my skin so glowy
it feels great on your skin as an overnight moisturizer
it feels very healthy
the smell makes me relaxed
incredibly hydrating and smells amazing!
it moisturizes well and makes skin more supple.
ideally makes it feel clean as well without feeling stripped
how well it cleaned my skin
it has so many essential oils that my skin feels supple
my face was more supple
this product is actually helping to keep my skin moisturized too
and leaves face feeling moisturized.
still hydrated i also like to use this to remove my eye make up too
this leaves my skin clean
warm feel of this balm is relaxing
leaves my skin feeling nourished
my face feels smooth
it balance my combination skin nicely.
realizing that foaming cleansers just make my skin tight
moisturized than this product
moisturized after i use it
it left my skin supple
it is like a rich balm that is amazingly hydrating
the cloth is just exfoliating enough that my face feels clean after
i can feel it cleanse
it cleanses very well
my face is super smooth afterwards
this thoroughly cleanses your face
it keeps my skin healthy.
love this stuff makes my skin feel soft and clean
i can still tell how clean my face feels after rinsing
massage in cricles for 30-60 sec then i splash a little warm water
ren's cleansing balm does it all really.
eyebrows stronger-keep you skin hydrated
it really softens the skin
definitely leaving you skin clean
this keeps my moisture balanced
leaves the skin feeling clean
skin doesn't feel stripped of natural moisture.
my skin is hydrated
my skin is smooth
my skin feels more moist
and this cleanser really soothes my skin.
helps to give my skin that little bit of sloughing/exfoliation that is very necessary for problem skin
it leaves my very oily skin feeling clean
moisturized my dry skin feels afterwards
leaves my skin feeling so fresh
very hydrating to the skin
my face felt greasy
this product makes my skin look so healthy
my skin looks so hydrated
skin looks smoother and firmer after using it.
it leaves my cheeks super hydrated
yet somehow makes your skin feel hydrated
i do feel like it gives an instant "refreshed" look
my face felt refreshed
makes your skin feel so hydrated
it's very hydrating, but not at all heavy.
this product seems to actually calm down the redness
definitely makes skin smoother
it feels very hydrated when i use this product
years of acne treatments have made me visibly dehydrated
i think this will lessen the need for the botox in the areas i usually get done because the skin is so hydrated
the deep moisture therapy leaves my skin hydrated
leaves my skin completely hydrated
this product gives my skin the moisture it needs without making my skin break out
it leaves your skin so plumped
this really helps heal any skin that is flaky.
this works great at hydrating my skin without making my oily areas more oily
my skin feels softer and more hydrated.
keeps my skin hydrated
it immediately hydrated my skin
it leaves my skin moisturized
this formulation keeps my skin hydrated without causing breakouts
leaves my skin feeling fresh
moisturized in the morning
the added plumpness makes my skin look
my skin feels and looks smoother.
my skin is smooth
this keeps everything properly moisturized without making me oily
i loved that it moisturized/healed the dry areas
it makes my face very hydrated
keeps your face feeling smooth all day
it soaks into your skin very well
leaves skin feeling wonderfully hydrated
it's lightweight, but so hydrating.
it's a wonderful extremely hydrating moisturizer
the aesthetician complimented my skin
i love the hydrating feel of it
i love how it makes my skin feel so supple
no linger is it supple
the citrus smell is pretty strong in this moisturizer
my skin felt very hydrated
my skin feels supple without being greasy.
more hydrating cream that smells amazing
very hydrating but not oily!
made my skin feel supple
my skin felt hydrated
keeps my skin looking moist
it felt smooth like a baby's bottom
next it moisturizes so nicely!
i feel my skin getting nourished
it really looks healthy
it helps because it's relaxing
focus on something light until i'm relaxed
also helps with relaxing when trying to go to sleep
it feels very tingly
it keeps me matte all day
it feels more like a very light lotion that disappears on the skin
it keeps my skin fairly mat
it makes my skin so clean
it feels smooth and non-greasy.
it also keeps my skin hydrated
my face looks sooooooo refreshed afterwards.
sometimes i feel the need to moisturize when out
makes my skin feel perfectly moisturized
makes my skin look smooth
i feel it somehow helps with acne pigmentation as well
leaves my skin feeling clean
definitely for young skin-it moisturizes skin
my skin feels clean
keeps my skin clear
leaves my face feeling so clean and refreshed
my face feels thoroughly cleansed
i felt like putting on a layer of hydrating
it is pretty thick
my face was so hydrated
stay matte throughout the day
it is not super hydrating
i love the cooling feeling.
ok this balm is really soothing
it is kind of cool to the touch
it is so easy to use: it glides over gentle under eye skin
the name perfectly fits...it is super cooling!
helps a lot with puffiness
the skin is hydrated
it really helps with puffiness
it feels cool immediately
hydrating without being greasy
the area i applied it to continued to feel hydrated
eyes are instantly refreshed
you can feel the cooling sensation
this product seems to cool your eyes on contact
also felt tingly and fun.
i feel very relaxed when i use it
this helps me feel awake
leave my skin feeling a bit tight
perfectly moisturized when i wake up
feels comfortable on my oily skin
all it promises is to moisturize your skin very well
keeps skin feeling moisturized all day long
my face is super moisturized
it keeps my skin hydrated
my skin is balanced
this moisturizer keeps my oily skin balanced throughout the day
it did balanced my skin?
this moisturized also helps my make up stay on all day
omorovicza balancing moisturizer is like a cool glass of water for my face
instead creates an illusion of hydrated skin
makes my skin smooth
it also made my skin look so much brighter/more radiant underneath my day moisturizer that i've been wearing less makeup
it's super hydrating and so enjoyable to apply.
light weight not too heavy but very hydrating!
promoted healthy skin around my eyes
skin feels clean and smooth
it is also a nourishing mask because of the nutrition inside
it keeps my skin clean
i can feel it cleansing my pores as it works into my skin
leaves your skin clean
it is very hydrating
soothes my skin without leaving it feeling tight
will leave my skin feeling refreshed
feel this cleanses well without stripping my oily skin
in a rinse off product i'm less nervous
this cleans my skin without making it feel tight
and it rinses really well.
my face feels clean
feels lightweight on the skin
this definitely makes my skin look dewy
still keeps skin moisturized enough
this moisturizer suits me very well
make sure you use the stay matt hydrator underneath to keep the pores closed
perfect for oily skin because it is so lightweight
the lotion leaves my face very balanced
hydrated without making my t-zone greasy
it is very hydrating
i wanted to really brighten my complexion while also giving it an hydration boost
however besides how hydrating it is
is this what healthy skin looks like?!
it's very hydrating and i find it soothing.
keeps my skin hydrated
it feels so smooth
my skin feels plump
hydrated throughout the day
my skin feels hydrated
it just feels organic and healthy for my skin.
it is so hydrating
giving me no hydration
it keeps me hydrated all day
it is so hydrating
need this oil to stay hydrate at night
the results: super smooth skin
my skin looks refreshed and glowing all day long!
i always wake up with smooth skin because it hydrates my eczema
my under eye is so moisturized
makes my skin look
keeps my skin very hydrated
makes my foundation look very smooth
keeps my face well hydrated
it blends in nicely with my super mild eucerine moisturizer
it leaves my skin moisturized
i find it hydrating without being overly oily
definitely noticed how much more moisturized
this hydrates the skin perfectly.
it is very hydrating
makes my skin look
helped calm my skin
my skin is so smooth and plump.
sure improvement in my skins texture
keeps my skin clear
this keeps my skin clean
feel that it smoothes
my skin is smoother
makes my skin feel plump
healthy the morning after
it makes my skin smoother
not feel conscious of my scars
my skin was noticeably more moisturized
which is very hydrating
it for sure makes my skin look more plump
my skin feels so smooth
make sure to use moisturizer on top of it
my skin is pretty oily
in the look of my skin
it makes my skin feel so fresh
i really love this cleanses.
my face feels clean
this leaves my skin feeling clean
has helped so much with balancing my oily skin
always cleanses my skin thoroughly
it really helped calm my skin down
it really helps with my oily skin
this really cleans my skin.
my face feels so smooth and clean after i use it.
my face feels super clean
my face didn't get oily throughout the day it just felt so refreshed
my skin feels smooth
does make my skin feel refreshed
my skin feels clean afterwards
after applying makeup my skin still looked healthy
my face feels very smooth
my skin feels so smooth
this leaves my skin smooth
feeling refreshed without the dryness
my face feels so clean
it felt very clean
i love how soft and nourished my skin feels.
with this product my pores stay clear without the cleanser being too harsh
moisturized enough to just use a face mist before applying makeup
it works really well with the clarisonic to clear blackheads
it is a bit drying so you need to make sure to use moisturizer
it makes my greasy face feel clean
leaves my skin very clean
i like how my skin feels clean
does my dry skin feel more plumper?
my skin feels moisturized, but not overly so.
got this with the spf 15-very light gel like cream
the cream is very thick
although it's a fairly thick moisturizer
every morning my skin looks "well rested"
it keeps my face hydrated
leaves your face very hydrated
my skin felt more toned
my skin is smooth
my skin also feels softer and looks healthier!
my face stays moisturized all day
it really aids my moisturizer in making everything feel smoother
in the morning my skin feels toned
i feel my skin calming when i use it.
my face feels toned, smooth and refreshed!
it also leaves a nice matte finish which is how a face should look when clean
it really gives a smoother look without reapplying
it's not quite moisturizing enough for me
it's so hydrating on my skin.
keeps my skin matte for most of the day
'm in my 40's so obviously moisturizing is crucial at this point
leaves your skin smooth almost like a primer
my skin is super smooth
keeps my skin hydrated
hydrated without irritating my sensitive skin
it makes my skin feel smoother
i don't like my face to feel oily after using a moisturize
it is working well to clear out my blackheads
this is keeping my skin moisturized
this moisturizer very nicely balanced being moisturizing without causing my skin to be shiny a few hours later
this is really an exfoliator that provides some moisture
i would say it moisturizes my skin well overall
my skin feels smoother in the am
recently decided to mix in one to two drops of nude treatment oil to keep my skin hydrated
it absorbs quickly and makes my skin feel good.
skin feels smooth and more healthy.
the lotion comes out really fast
perfect day time moisturizer that helps keep your skin shine free
my skin stays super clear when i use it!
i can feel the hydration throughout the day
this one hydrates my skin so well
makes my skin feel very hydrated
my face feels so refreshed and moisturized.
it's lightweight in feel
i would awake with plump
hydrated skin for me
your skin is really hydrated without a heavy cream
you're left with smooth healthy looking moisturized skin ready for your make up routine
my skin looks smooth
makes my skin look
my skin loves it and keeps me hydrated.
it keeps my skin moisturized
it keeps my skin looking healthy
all neck to provide a nice smoothing
makes my skin look healthy
so smooth and healthy looking.
it is lightweight and you feel clean after usage.
does give me the hydration that my skin needs
my skin stays flawless all day
it rubs in well
it's so hydrating and looks good under makeup.
it really hydrates your skin.
i keeps my face very hydrated!
feels very smooth on the skin.
it feels like a body butter.
leaves my skin feeling wonderfully hydrated
leaves it moisturized all day
it has kept my face very moisturized
this does an amazing job of hydrating without feeling super heavy
this hydrates my skin perfectly without feeling like a greasy mess afterwards because it absorbs very quickly on the skin
it leaves my skin so plump and moisturized.
it keeps my extremely dry skin moisturized
my skin now has a glow and feels healthy as well.
leaves skin feeling fresh all day
this moisturizer does a really great job of hydrating the skin
it feels like cool water going on the skin
the regular instant moisturizer makes my eyes feel itchy
it makes my skin feel very smooth
this keeps my face very hydrated
it keeps my skin so hydrated
i feel instant hydration!
my skin looks hydrated and healthy.
my eyes feel amazing and refreshed afterwards.
they really help his puffiness
cooling sensation that feels so relaxing in your eye lids
you will feel a very fresh cooling sensation.
my eye area felt hydrated
the weight of it makes it relaxing
i feel like it makes my eyes look more rested.
relaxing like a mask should be.
this mask makes your tired eyes feel refreshed.
i actually found that relaxing
it is very relaxing
the cooling gel is very refreshing
it is very cooling and soothing.
i like the cooling feeling
made my eyes feel awake
it is a gel mask thats very refreshing to your eyes
you feel more awake
i definitely felt refreshed
it was so relaxing and cooling i loved them!
i looked so good and refreshed.
i found it to be very refreshing and cool.
my eyes did a bit more refreshed
i definitely felt refreshed
leaves your eyes feeling
the mask is a very relaxing
making a nap a little more rejuvenating
it leaves my skin moisturized all week
my eyes feel relaxed
i do look refreshed
this mask is comfortable, gentle, and not messy.
acne scars are lighter and my skin is so smooth.
my skin is quite smooth
definitely helps the texture of my skin
this product keeps my skin clear
make sure you exfoliate
smooth out the skin
just be sure to moisturize
my skin looks firmer
my skin is clear smooth and bouncy.
supple throughout the chicago winter
my face is so smooth
it actually feels like it hydrates a bit.
it does keep my skin smooth
the best part about this serum is that it's thin enough to wear under moisturized
i really liked this as an overnight exfoliator gel off
i definitely have acne prone skin
it is completely weightless while providing hydration
actually calms my skin
i love this moisturizer because it adds moisture without making skin feel or look oily
this moisturizer leaves my face feeling clean
this is really moisturizers it without leaving it feeling oily
well hydrated skin just waiting for primer
gives his skin a moisturized feel without being heavy or causing break-outs
your skin feels the moisture
my face stays fresh and moisturized all day.
it helps my skin look
it hydrates really well.
it moisturizes really well without being greasy
works great for oily dehydrated skin.
it absorbs on face pretty face
it "smells" so clean and sterile.
one that would hydrate throughly
i found this moisturizer to be very good for my skin
this cream is also very lightweight--it doesn't feel like you have moisturizer at all
keeps my face moisturize throughout the day
you still feel very moisturized
my face stays calm
it leaves your face feeling clean
this moisturizer feels light and healthy.
so this one is very mild yet keeps you skin moisturized
leaves my skin moisturized.
is hydrating without being oily
my skin stays moistized feeling
hydrates my skin without making it feel oily
this moisturizer has a nice light feel
offers a great amount of moisture to my skin without a greasy feel or residue feeling
my skin is hydrated just right even though i have really oily skin
ptr's oil-free moisturizer is a very good daytime moisturizer for me with my very oily skin
this product leaves just enough moisturize on the face
with this hydrated my skin stayed matte through an eight hr work day
makes my skin look
keeps your face matte while still being hydrating
it is a perfect lightweight moisterizer for oily
this works perfectly under my clinique stay matte foundation
keeps my combo skin
my skin stays matte all day
i stay matte all day
my skin looks so smooth
i like the smooth
toned feel i get after use
my pores seems refreshed
skin stays matte all day
it keeps my skin matte for hours.
it feels like it won't moisturize at all
this keeps my face supple
it keeps me matte throughout the day
leaving your skin tight with matt finish
can feel this on my clean face
my skin is firmer
it makes your skin feel tight and smooth.
my face feel smooth
my skin is more supple
my skin was smoother and refreshed after use .
with eating water too
so be sure to moisturize after
makes my skin feel smoother to the touch as well as replenished
it makes my skin feel supple
this is so hydrating
the only product i have found that really enables my combination skin to achieve a "dewy" texture without feeling oily
my skin is softer and more hydrated.
makes it easier for me to glide on my moisturizer
my skin is super duper raw
hydrating my skin feels
my skin has never felt more moisturized
incredibly moisturizing yet still lightweight?
now my skin is perfectly hydrated throughout the day
i wake up with hydrated & happy skin.
this definitely helped nourish my dry textured skin
it feels so lightweight
this serum certainly has helped my skin stay hydrated
makes my skin instantly hydrated
when your skin is dehydrated is acts up.
when i wake up in the morning my skin is even better— hydrated
making my skin hydrated
makes my skin feel so refreshed
many serums feel thick on my skin
i am in my late 20s with pretty good skin thanks to a daily cleanse-tone-moisturize habit
it's super light but still very hydrating!
i find this quite hydrating on my dehydrated combination skin
i am not sure it is hydrating enough for the cold
this product is very hydrating
added moisture to my skin
my skin feels balanced clean, and revitalized.
this stuff is so hydrating
no oil but so hydrating!
my skin feels so much more nourished
moisturizes your skin so well
pretty good.moisturizing and smell good.
although this product kept my skin hydrated
dehydrated skin lacks water
i got it when my skin was very dehydrated
it would be perfect for someone with oily skin because it absorbs very fast
it's even helped calm the redness
my skin feel super hydrated
this had just enough hydration that i believe that it rehydrates my skin
my skin feels hydrated
overall a lot more hydrated
absorb easily, super hydrating and not too thick.
it is less nourishing
super hydrating but very light.
my skin's been super dehydrated this winter
it totally moisturized my skin without making it oily at all
my skin is smooth and clear and hydrated.
her acne actually got better as her skin got more moisturized
it has rehydrated my skin
hydrated them to the point of feeling normal again--no stinging or irritation
applies better when your body is moist
make you feel very luxurious
find after a few hours my skin will not be that moisturized
it makes my skin look moisturized
it keeps it moisturizer for hours without being greasy
it helps keep my skin moisturized through the night
it moisturizes very nicely
this oil is very hydrating
best smell leaves my skin feeling smooth
it makes my skin so moisturized
the oil leaves your skin moisturized
ter to make sure my skin is hydrated
my skin is definitely more hydrated since i've been using it
i also enjoy using it on my body after a shower as it does not leave me feeling oily yet is very moisturizing
reminds me of nars body oil
you'll find your skin feeling very dry after you wash it off--- which indicates to me that it isn't that moisturizing
left my skin looking hydrated
it left it supple
it leaves skin feeling smooth and supple.
amazingly my makeup stays intact with a matte finish all day
leaves your skin feeling smooth
it provides hydrating comfort all day.
it makes my skin super hydrated, soft and supple.
it definitely pampers my skin
my face feels calm afterwards
after using the mask my skin felt smoother
this mask is so soothing to my skin
so this really feeds it the nutrients to keep it looking youthful
i like to keep it in the fridge so that it helps cool my skin as well
i can instantly feel the moisture.
plus it leaves my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
it is so hydrated.
this definitely calm my skin down
this mask always calms my skin
it helps my skin to calm down
this mask leaves my skin hydrated
i didn't find that it worked very well for hydrating my skin
my skin is refreshed
it does a great job at hydrating my skin or calming it down when it's irritated or inflamed
this is a life-saver for dehydrated
it didnt feel super hydrated either
probably will look for a more hydrating mask.
the only hydrating mask that truly works on my face
my skin is so smooth and hydrated after.
it feels pretty calming on the skin, too.
also very good after a sunburn.
a healthy pink in my cheeks
i feel like it helped even the oily areas of my face in calming
another perk is that my skin still feels hydrated
my skin felt baby smooth
it is very relaxing
it's gentle and super hydrating.
this calms my face so well it calms me too lol relaxing
my skin is so hydrated and calm.
their healing cream works wonders too!
it's very calming and hydrating.
this mask really helps to calm
makes my skin smooth
this soothed and nourished my skin!
the product itself moisturized my face
it feels quite nourishing
my skin was hydrated
hydrated after using this
the only con i find is that it isn't as hydrating for my extremely dry skin
it's great for winter because it's hydrating.
it makes my dry skin hydrating
when i wash this mask off my skin is refreshed
your skin ultimately feels refreshed and soft.
this soothes my skin
it soothes my skin
my face felt calm
this mask feels very calming and relaxing.
it makes my skin feel supple hydrated and fresh.
will be more calm if it is well hydrated
this mask was nourishing
this kept my skin moisturized
leaves my skin feeling
qatmeal smells good and really hydrating.
it definitely hydrates my skin
it does help keep my skin moisturized
was a bit nervous to put something so moisturizing on my face
this mask is so hydrating that when you take it off your skin gains life
my skin felt super moisturized after i used it.
this mattifying fluid is amazing!
my face looks matte for a long time
this keeps me matte for hours
this mattifying fluid is amazing!
with this fluid my skin stays matte for hours
i feel as though it's not always moisturizing enough for the rest of my face
they never seemed hydrating
no moisturizer seemed to be thick enough.
it keeps my face moisturized
you are left with a natural skin texture that isn't tight
helps stay matte all day
keeps my skin matte
leaving it feeling hydrated
though it is not a super hydrating product
it is really light weight especially for my greasy summer skin
in order to keep my face better hydrated
very moisturizing, never gets too dry.
the dryer parts of face are pleasantly moisturized without being overly so
a smoother skin with this
sits perfectly under my foundation
it basically feels pretty lightweight for a heavy duty cream
this product is super hydrating without feeling greasy like past products i have used
it keeps my face moist all day.
made my dry skin feel hydrated
my skin looks hydrated in the morning
my skin looked supple
it really keeps my skin hydrated
my skin still feels moisturized
it soothes my skin without feeling heavy or greasy
i needed something to heavily moisturize afterwards
my skin gets well hydrated while i sleep
love this stuff--it gives my skin a very supple feeling
very hydrating without feeling too thick on the face
my skin feels more supple and smooth.
this is hydrating and gentle.
moisturized in the morning
this cream is amazing for using on the dehydrated
it is very hydrating but never sticky or oily.
truly hydrating daily moisturizer that keeps my face moist
the smell was a bit too natural
wake up to hydrated skin
so you get all the hydration without the greasy feel :
that was the only cream that kept my super dry skin hydrated all day
really love how it moisturizes my skin at night
this works perfectly for my dry skin that is prone to redness
it is an "intense" moisturizer for sure
it leaves my skin feeling supple
it really hydrates the area around the eyes
on days my skin looks well rested
the cool tip helps to deflate any puffiness that you experience
it works really well as a touch-up for concealer
the applicator also has a nice cooling feel.
it makes me feel awake in the morning
it moisturizes without feeling greasy.
it works great under my makeup to keep my skin hydrated while helping to hide my dark circles
what i love is that it is both hydrating
it's reminds me of a very light concealer
it transformed my dull dehydrated skin
leaves the skin feeling smooth
this oil always makes my skin feel moisturized
it's incredibly nourishing and hydrating.
keeps my face hydrated all day
made my sking feel hydrated
although it's a really hydrating oil i feel like it absorbs super quickly
it makes my skin feel so hydrated even when i wake up in the morning
makes my skin look
love how it softens my skin
i see that my skin is more moist
i find it need quite a bit to hydrate
since my skin is well hydrated
it really do keep your face moist!
definitely made my skin healthy
i'll have a very healthy looking skin when i wake up
this oil felt so nourishing to my skin
if i don't keep it very well hydrated i get flaky
keeps my skin hydrated
it's been great for my dehydrated combination skin
my skin is so glowy and plump and moisturized.
my skin is firmer
i noticed my moisturizers in the pm just weren't cutting it to make me feel nourished
hydrated without leaving too greasy
soaks in perfectly and hydrates like a lotion!
i am pretty sure it is also making my eyelashes grow thicker
it leaves me feeling fresh
my skin has never felt more supple
no greasy feeling afterwards.
this does such a good job hydrating
it keeps my skin hydrated without making my face greasy looking the following day
it always hydrates my skin without overdoing it or making me break out
makes my skin feel very nourish and moisturize.
my skin feel hydrated in the morning
i love how lightweight it feels on my face.
it is light yet hydrating.
leaves your skin looking fresh
it absorbs well and calms irritated skin.
my skin looks healthier
well-moisturized without looking oily
leaves my face feeling moisturized all day
by morning my face is so hydrated
my face would feel a little dry even after moisturizing
i wake up with supple
hydrated skin every morning
helps with dry-patches and keeps my skin supple.
my face is plumped & hydrated & glowy in the am.
leaves my skin looking
doesn't give you a feel of moisturized skin like after a creme
definitely changes your skin texture and tone.
my skin is firmer
tightens the skin while leaving skin hydrated
evens my skin tone
making my skin smooth
i like to use a very hydrating face cream with this
my skin feels like a baby's
cool clean feeling after use
makes my skin feel smooth and fresh.
helps to keep my acne at bay
overall my skin feels plumper
my skin felt smooth and more youthful.
after my skin feels refreshed.
i wake up in the morning to skin with great clarity that is perfectly moisturized
it absorbs pretty well under moisturizer
my skin is super smooth
my skin looked smoother
my skin is smoother.
absolutely manageable with a good moisturizer for the day
i couldn't find anything to calm the inflammation down
was feeling extra self conscious about my skin
i am always super oily there
one thing i made sure to do is to always keep my skin moisturized
my face is smooth
i'd combat this with moisturizer which felt my skin feeling oily
my makeup looked so smooth
my skin was so hydrated
keeps my makeup looking matte
it leaves your skin feeling smooth
supple after each application
made me look hydrated
if my skin is feeling dehydrated or i know i did not stay hydrated by drinking enough i'll use the crème over the serum as well
it keeps me smooth
it makes your skin feel smooth
it soothes the skin
glides on very smooth on your skin
my skin feels moisturized
my skin was in really bad shape from over exfoliation
it makes my skin so fresh
my skin looked more toned
makes my face calm
more supple than it has ever been
supple without being greasy
also my skin is dehydrated
it works perfectly on my skin
my skin feels smoother
my skin is rejuvenated
it keeps my super dry skin moisturized
absolutely loved the deep hydrating feel
very hydrating, smooth and my skin just loves it.
the result is a well hydrated face
moisturizes wonderfully during the winter
my skin felt smooth afterwards.
this cream has definitely made my skin more moisturized
leaves my skin looking
it is light and really soaks into the skin.
my face seems to be moisturized
feel that is just a high priced exfoliator
pretty good coverage and very moisturizing.
absorbs quickly into skin while leaving that nice supple looking glow after applying
my face still felt very moisturized
my skin feels really pampered
my skin feels like a baby's in the morning.
my skin feels plump
i can feel that my skin is plumped
i feel dior absorbs better
my skin feels smooth and brighter.
my combination skin is perfectly moisturized
it hydrates my skin in just the right amount
this has hydrated my skin beyond words.
makes your skin feel nourished
my skin feels firmer
it felt super thick on my face
this makes my skin feel smoother
my skin is firmer
it smells so clean
in addition it makes your skin super smooth
i feel it helps my complexion look brighter.
my skin feels so smooth
the eye area was more hydrated
helps keep my under eye area hydrated
feels nourishing under the eyes
the area is definitely more hydrated
it gives me a smooth
i like the smooth more lotion like texture
leaves my eyes hydrated and ready for concealer.
keeps my skin supple
my skin was feeling
leaves your skin hydrated
lightweight moisturizer that wears beautifully underneath make up
feels wet and hydrating, but absorbs quickly.
it leaves my skin feeling so hydrated without making my face feel oily
need a moisturizer that will keep my hydrated without breaking me out
it hydrates my dry areas to a supple soft finish
keeps my oily areas hydrated
my skin look hydrated
keeps my skin moisturized all day.
i find that it does moisturize my skin pretty well
keeps my skin fresh
it's kind of a gel/ lotion consistency that's very lightweight
this product does a good job of hydrating
it's a lightweight gel formula that is great for all skin types
moisturizing enough to actually feel like it's helping my skin
i feel that it moisturizers enough
i really like this face moisturizer because it is lightweight
leaves my skin hydrated all day
it's lightweight and very hydrating.
super hydrating, absorbs quickly.
since using this moisturizer my skin is left feeling hydrated
i wake up with my skin feeling refreshed
leaves my skin moisturized
the packaging is pretty hygienic which is even better
leaves you to feel hydrated all day
it does leave my face hydrated
the way it leaves my skin feeling
it is so hydrating with out being oily
it kept me hydrated in all the right ways
keeps me feeling fresh
in the morning my skin looks so glowy
my skins feels smooth
the container is great for making sure actives do not oxidize
this cream hydrated my face instantly
it keeps your skin hydrated
i got compliment such as "summer skin" or " healthy looking skin"
made my skin feel refreshed
keeps my skin hydrated all day
it is very hydrating
the camu camu cream makes my skin smooth as glass
it's very nourishing to the skin.
gives my skin that drink of moisture it needs
this leaves me hydrated
it does make it hydrated
skin is feeling super moisturized
my skin is moisturized all day long
leave skin feeling refreshed
it's also keeping my skin exfoliated
my skin is smoother
it keeps my skin looking healthy without being too greasy
today my skin is smooth
i feel my skin less oily
my skin feels firmer
it spreads smoothly over your skin leaving a very matte finish
my skin feels and looks like i just had a facial!
it exfoliates really well
it makes my skin feel so smooth
your skin feels baby smooth after this mask
my skin is always left feeling smooth and fresh.
it exfoliates really well
my skin felt smooth
smooth my skin looked
my skin stays glowy for the whole day
it is tingly when you put it on
my face still feels as if freshly moisturized
my skin feels smoother, tighter, and clean.
it also exfoliates your skin without being too harsh
skin feels hydrated, but i just used it.
my skin has never felt smoother or more refreshed
make sure to moisturize afterwards or it will dry your skin out
makes your skin feel so smooth
my skin felt fresh and rejuvenated after.
left my skin so smooth
it makes my fave feel smooth
i personally love the tingly feeling
did my face feel cleaner
my skin feels smooth
despite how much i exfoliated
leaves skin feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling refreshed.
you feel the clean!
it makes my skin feel so fresh and tingly.
it did make my skin feel exfoliated
my eyes stay hydrated even when not using
makes skin feel energized and hydrated.
its light but also very hydrating.
in fact, it cools the skin and feels calming.
was really pleasantly surprised that the applicator was so cool
regardless, it is a nice hydrating eye cream.
the cool temperature feels nice on my tired
it has a really cool applicator
can keep the skin moisturized
i'd like to think it does help wrinkles because it feels absolutely luxurious on the delicate skin around my eyes
paired with a good night's sleep
after 3 weeks of daily use my skin has healthy glow to it
it did help to keep my skin hydrated for entire day
mproved the texture of skin to make it smooth
my skin looks hydrated
like very hydrated skin
i am very self conscious of sun spots
it is so smooth
my pores are smoother
still moisturizes my skin really well
the moisturizer itself is like a gel/cream consistency that sinks in beautifully without leaving behind a greasy feeling
this cream has really hydrated
my skin stays hydrated throughout the day
keeps my skin hydrated all day long
my skin feels so hydrated, and lasts all day.
i loved how hydrating it was
i really like that the hydrating effect lasted.
the longer i used the cream i noticed my skin stayed hydrated
my skin does feel more hydrated
it looks more hydrated and healthy.
it is very hydrating
healthy after this combo
made my skin look
makes dry skin nice and moisturized.
my skin feels hydrated all day.
i love how fast absorbent this cream is
keeps me moisturized for hours
it leaves my oily skin refreshed
it leaves my face so hydrated and glowing.
the smell of it is very light and clean.
your face feels completely moisturized when using it
it smells very clean
i noticed right away how my skin felt moisturized
it keeps you moisturized even after long hrs.
my skin immediately became moisturized when i put it on
it took about 3 days for my skin stay moisturized after washing it
this product feels weightless
yet somehow moisturizes perfectly
it's not very hydrating
i notice my skin is very smooth
since this is a 'brightening' product it does exfoliate so be careful
i felt hydrated all day
i found my skin was more hydrated
the best part about the product was that my skin felt very moisturized
i feel like my skin texture is smoother
my skin feels more youthful
the consistency is surprisingly thin for how moisturizing it is
leaves skin my face looking refreshed
it left my sensitive skin very hydrated
my skin looks rejuvenated
one of the first things i noticed was the consistency of the lotion-it has a very lightweight texture
it makes my skin super smooth afterwards even before applying moisturizer
my skin feels firmer with less fine lines.
it gets very oily
i always clean my face with this cleanser
it cleans very gently with a luxurious lather
smooth my face looks
my skin feels clean
skin looks fresh & clean & dewey!
it leaves my skin so so so smooth.
get it to foam up so nicely
it is so gentle that i find using it with my clarisonic gives me the exfoliation i need
this cleanser helps my skin look smoother
it leaves your skin super clean
my skin feels smoother
helps my face feel clean
it is now smooth and moisturized all day.
it cleanses very well
it rinses off very well.
it's really gentle which cleans the skin without irritation or dryness
my skin does not feel tight after cleansing
still have that fresh clean feel
leaves my face feeling refreshed
more moisturized then ever
i feel like my pores are left incredibly clean
how clean it leaves my skin
moisturized after using it
this product cleans well without leaving my skin feeling greasy
my face feels very smooth
my skin is so smooth after that.
has a refreshing smell that makes you feel so clean
leaves it feeling clean
skin feels so fresh and hydrated.
it is so smooth
my skin looked and felt much hydrated!
my skin was left moisturized
it feels soothing on the skin
tight--just feels hydrated
my skin was smooth
my skin felt well hydrated the next morning.
it is so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
my skin feels like it's being pampered while washing
it feels very cushiony
it rinses completely clean though
i found the tatcha cleansing oil pretty underwhelming
leaves your skin feeling moisturized
it makes my skin look
although is not fast absorbing it's very moisturizing
moisturized all day long
my nighttime application left my skin feel supple
more hydrated from the privious day
have noticed that my skin is hydrated
this is a very thick cream
it definitely plumps my skin
my whole face is moisturized
which does make my skin look more youthful
feels greasy on my skin
it did work in hydration
my skin looks fresh and younger!!
hydrated the other parts of my face
my skin looks and feels healthy and radiant.
my face stays moisturized all day
it helps rehydrate my skin from all the hot summer abuse
my skin is instantly moisturized
my face felt greasy.
i feel it really leaves my skin very supple
i did find that it moisturized my skin
my skin felt greasy
it sits on top of my skin like a very greasy
it helps hydrate my skin
my skin feels tighter
'm really conscious about keeping my skin safe from the sun
i want to ensure my skin stays youthful
nourished all day long
this product has made my skin more supple
notice that my skin feels moisturized
i feel so confident in my new skin that i've been mixing the serum with my spf
my skin feels more plump
i like the slightly cool almost gel like consistency
my skin doesn't look as moisturized
keeps my skin well hydrated in winter layered underneath my favorite moisturizer
the cream is very light-weight
make your skin matt and balanced.
it leaves your skin so smooth
it's very hydrating without being too heavy or oily
your skin looks younger
i also use it as a day moisturizer on drier skin days because it makes my skin so supple
my skin is hydrated, smooth and more even-toned.
this cream goes on smooth
it gives a youthful, smoothed and refreshed look.
this is not a heavy eye cream although it is hydrating
it was very hydrating
i love how this feels-gentle yet hydrating
it is very hydrating
love it!this is a very light weight cream.
my eyes are hydrated and smooth, less lines!
gives me the hydration that my eyes need.
my eyes looked 100% refreshed
you can feel the skin feeling refreshed
it makes your eyes look refreshed
i felt a very minor warm sensation.
my skin is smooth
leaves skin smooth and clear.
my pores feel cleaner
overall my skin just feels 100x more healthy
it cleaned my skin good
this mask leaves your skin feeling so refreshed!!
skin felt so clean
make sure to moisturize after
my face felt super smooth
it smoothens out the skin and skin feels fresh.
it was a little tingly which always concerns me
it leaves my skin feeling tighter
my face feels so smooth
makes my pores feel tighter after use.
skin feels a bit hydrated
my acne was more toned down
this helps me clear my pores
my skin looks so even toned and moisturized.
it does calm my skin down a lot
just make sure you moisturize after because it can dry out your skin
my skin kept getting healthier
leaves me skin feeling so clean
it leaves me hydrated and super soft.
my skin is now so smooth
it provides lightweight moisture without making me oily
the ingredients make me feel secure
it leaves your face feeling so smooth
feels cooling, hydrating and non-greasy.
keeps my skin hydrated in the winter
keeps my skin balanced
absorbs very fast n gives my skin a little glow which i like
it moisturizes without being too greasy
i find it soothes
he says it's lightweight
i love the way it leaves my skin moisturized
it keeps my face hydrated all day
loved the moistutre-even though i'm oily-made my face feel "fresh"
this has really helped keep my skin hydrated without causing breakouts or a greasy feeling
it feels hydrated all day
it is very hydrating
my skin feels very hydrated
get this if your skin is dehydrated
it doesn't quite moisturise my cheeks enough
to the point that it flakes despite how much i moisturized
not only is my skin hydrated
seems like most night creams have oil in them to keep hydrated
absorbs quickly making my skin feel hydrated
makes my skin feel so moisturized
my skin feels so hydrated, but not at all greasy.
it keeps my skin hydrated
this is so super hydrating when nothing else works
with a more gel-like texture that absorbs nicely
it instantly made my skin feel fresher
it helped keep my face moisturized following sun exposure
just looks super healthy
my skin feels plump, healthy and happy.
it suits my needs perfectly
oily skin that's pretty dehydrated
i find that this has been helping my skin stay moisturized without becoming greasy
it keeps my skin moisturized
my skin still feels smooth
my skin is hydrated but not broken out.
it does stay matte
it smells so clean
be sure to moisturize well underneath
i've tried everything under the sun to control my extremely oily skin
perfect for people with super oily skin!
this helps my oily skin look matte all day long.
this keeps it matte all day
and it makes my skin flawless looking.
t's good for your cuticles
my skin is smooth
healthy skin in just one use
it helps quench my very dehydrated skin
even with that my skin wasn't hydrated enough
this product makes my skin look dewy and healthy.
it really hydrated your skin
it made my skin smoother, and dewy!
it hydrates my face just perfectly
even complimented my skin
it keeps my skin feeling hydrated
healthy all day long
it's so hydrating for my sensitive
its great and keeps my lips moist.
my skin is smoother
it leaves me feeling sofhtly greasy
keeps you moist & dewey all day.
it really helps with spreadability
it really does hydrate my skin
my skin feels hydrated in the morning
the oil absorbs into your skin very nicely
it made my skin so smooth
it's very thick feeling
it plumps the lines so wonderfully you will be surprised
it definitely helps to moisturize
moisturizes without making me break out
it works great for keeping your face moisturized without leaving any kind of oily-ness on your skin
it keeps my skin moisturized and smooth.
moisturizes my skin without feeling overly oily.
makes your skin so smooth!
my skin feels so fresh
so hydrating, i love to put it on before bed.
my nose get hydrated
feels light on the skin
my skin feels like a babies bottom
but i wish it made my skin more hydrated.
i added a bit in my foundation for extra hydration
my skin can get very dehydrated during the winter specially around the eyes
makes face plump, rejuvenated and moisturized.
in my morning my skin looked refreshed
love this not to heavy super hydrating eye cream.
well i'm sure there's nourishing going on
probably from being hydrated
this is very hydrating
my skin reacted to it very nicely
this cream works perfectly over my dry lids
my eye area is looking much more hydrated
other products have moisturized my skin well
i noticed this moisturizer definitely kept my face hydrated without it being greasy during the day
face feels perfectly supple
plus:- light weight- no greasy feeling- very subtle perfume- skin looks healthier
i wake up with really refreshed looking skin
it has consistently kept my skin hydrated
this face cream goes on noticeably hydrating
even after it's absorbed into the skin my face still feels moisturized
my skin looks refreshed
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it makes my skin balanced
my face feels plump
the cream absorbs nicely on my skin
my skin was smooth
it leaves my skin feeling fully moisturized
i love the way its left my skin feeling smooth.
it leaves my skin very smooth
it keep my skin hydrated
it makes your skin feel super clean and hydrated.
i feel its a bit oily for me
it is very hydrating
makes skin soft and hydrated
makes my skin feel amazing.. fresh and hydrated
if i forget to use it at night i notice my skin is still hydrated
refreshed in the morning
lotion is smooth and keeps the face hydrated.
if feels refreshing, light and super smooth.
feels lightweight on the skin
while keeping my face moisturized
love all fresh product for the safe ingredients
it moisturizes really well
this cream leaves my skin soft and well-hydrated.
it's instantly hydrating while still feeling light
it moisturizes very well
feels super tight of not prepped properly
the ingredients are pretty clean too.
really great, hydrating cream.
gives you a "fresh" feeling
this cream is very soothing
it makes my skin look supple
this product to me is like water for my body.
i am 38 with dehydrated
it's hydrating ability is powerful
my skin was so smooth and looked very healthy.
concealer on my under eyes so much smoother
the texture under my eyes feels smooth
has a very soothing feeling.
it left my skin very smooth
heavy enough to moisturize but feels light.
my eyes stay hydrated all day
the under eye area stays hydrated all day.
it makes my eyes water a bit
then your skin feels cool
the eye area looks more smooth and healthy.
feels on my skin
all in a comfortable "one"
my skin feels very smooth and hydrated.
i feel it is very hydrating to my eye area
made the quality of my skin look healthy
it really lightens the color of your scars
acne has left some pretty generous scars on both of my cheeks
my skin is smoother
because my skin was so smooth
my skin is firmer
my skin is smooth
it makes my skin look fresh
my skin feels tighter
it feels very hydrating
in fact it was nourishing leaving my skin smooth supple
it really helped to smooth out the texture of my skin
this cream is the perfect weight
my face feels supple
it helps keep my skin clear.
this is a great product and very moisturized.
usually the hydrating element broke me out
soothing when applied to clean skin
my skin is smoother
this leaves my skin moisturized
it gave me enough hydration
it really helps to smooth my skin.
hydrates my skin just enough without leaving me that greasy feeling
i find that it is not quite moisturizing enough for my insanely out of balance combo skin
my skin is still matt
then i feel moisturized for the next 24 hours
my skin is so pretty, bright, soft and hydrated.
my face is smooth
it has made my skin smooth
absorbs quickly while keeping my skin hydrated
my skin still feels wonderfully balanced
hydrated without feeling clogged or heavy
it does leave my skin feeling very refreshed
after a good facial wash this feels like a splash of water on my skin
it feels like a splash of water on your skin
my skin is baby bottom smooth all day
my skin stays nice and matte all day long.
which i'm sure is helping my pores
this one has a good balance of hydration yet not oily
i needed to switch my skin care regimen for the summer because my skin was becoming too oily
my skin feels smoother
my skin felt so hydrated
my skin would feel super greasy at the end of the day
the gel is super hydrating and really smoothing.
not sure if it will be moisturizing enough in the winter
my skin is smoother
my skin looks smoother and healthier.
keeps my skin hydrated
which is lightweight hydration
it's perfectly formulated to give my skin the proper amount of moisture
it's hydrated without the greasies.
my pores are visibly smoother
it does make the skin smooth
my skin feels smoother
gives your eyes a tight feeling
definitely helps under eye concealer go on smoother
absorbs fast and feels cool.
what really thrills me is that this lightweight gel
keeps my under eye moisturized
it makes my eyes look refreshed.
skin looks more plump
hydrated the area well for me
my skin does feel much more hydrated since using this
it makes my under eye area super hydrated
i do look more refreshed
this eye cream hydrates me so heavily.
makes it super smooth
it has made a lot of difference in how moisturized my eyes look
your under eyes feel super quenched
it moisturizes very well
it is incredibly hydrating and brightening.
i can feel the cream penetrating my skin
providing the eye area with the moisture needed to look refreshed
it absorbs into the skin perfectly so my makeup stays on like it should
i also love the texture and how hydrating it is.
it thoroughly moisturizers the delicate skin around the eye
plumps up my 49 yo skin nicely
i feel somewhat hydrated
the texture is gorgeous on my eyes- they feel super hydrated
this cream is very hydrating
concealer go on more smoothly for sure
my under eye has never been so moisturized
it is very hydrating
holds my concealer nicely and makes it last.
keeps my eyes moisturized
i could tell after about 3 days that my eyes felt more hydrated
it soaks in pretty quick
keeps my eyes hydrated all day
now my under eye area is hydrated
it is so hydrating as well
hydrate around my eyes
more hydrated than before using this eye cream
hydrating enough for night
keeps the skin around my eyes really moisturized
more hydrated than the argan oil itself
i do find myself really stretching my skin to blend it evenly
it stays hydrated all day
this is by far one of the best moisturizers to keep my skin hydrated all day
this is so nourishing and soothing!
wear this moisturizer combine w/josie's aegean foundation for a flawless-never dehydrated look
in fact it soothes winter skin n dries in seconds feeling moisturized
this product works wonderfully to hydrate my dry skin especially during the winter months
the texture is perfect without giving me the oily feel
it also works great at hydrating
makes hair better healthy looking..
it does a great job of keeping me hydrated
it does feel oily
my skin feels normal
i always get josie's oil to moisturize my face.
it's great for cuticles as well.
it's a great non-sticky hydrating thick balm
great for hydrating your knees and elbows.
it kept my face hydrated the whole flight
i like to use at home on nights when i want a good hydrating treatment
for my perpetually dehydrated skin.
my nails haven't looked more refreshed
this product is very hydrating.
great for mature skin plumping
very versatile for cuticles, flyaway hair, etc.
oil is the best eye cream because it's so hydrating
neck feel hydrated when i wake up
my lips feel smooth.
it really gives your skin a healthy glow
ever since i started applying this under my eyes before my concealer the skin under my eyes stay hydrated
it keeps me hydrated, doesn't weigh my face down.
it works pretty well at moisturizing my face before i put on make up
i wake up with nice soft & hydrated skin!!
living in a very dry climate it is key to have a hydrating moisturizer
not oily and leaves your skin supple and smooth.
i woke up to my face looking very supple
it left it looking dewy and healthy.
it absorbs nicely and feels very comfortable.
truly it makes my skin moisturized without oily look
makes your skin smooth
my skin is nourished for a longer time
my concealer looks incredibly smooth
it seems to moisturize decently
yet my skin feels moisturized all day
goes on smooth, not greasy and absorbs into skin.
on my relaxed face
want something that really moisturized my eyes especially because they are dry so to the point this eye cream is awesome it moisturized my under eye so my makeup glides on
the skin felt firmer
it provides the much-needed hydration i need without being super thick
keep under eye moisturized
i am loving the way laser focus feels
works well and makes my skin feel moisturized.
i wake up with hydrated
it does moisturize very well
moisturized skin in the morning
other spots gone because my skin is so supple from the moisturizer mask
it seems to plump my skin with moisture
makes my skin so supple
i didn't find that is was effective until after i exfoliated my skin well
nongreasy my skin felt
it is nice to use to calm my skin down or quickly moisturize overly dry skin
it feels like your skin has had a sip of water
this product really does fully hydrate
my skin looks pumped
because your skin is being hydrated the more dried out
it was very hydrating
it leaves my skin smooth and hydrated.
i wake up with healthy feeling skin
supple in the morning
i lay down feeling at ease worth moisturized yet tighter healthier feeling skin
my skin feels so moisturized
when i wake up in the morning my skin is fully hydrated
my face feels clean
my face has a nice glow while still hydrated
moisturized when i wake up in the morning
it truly helps with dryness
it is very plumping
my skin looks moisturized
it always absorbs into my skin very nicely without looking greasy
it felt cooling and hydrating on my skin.
your skin feels smooth like a baby in the morning
my skin is dehydrated
my skin has never been more dewy and healthy.
my skin feel so soft and hydrated each morning.
in the morning i felt refreshed
this mask really hydrates my thirsty skin
my nose stayed hydrated
my skin is super hydrated
my skin is moisturized
it makes my skin look
it definitely is thick
i still use it just a skin refreshing to make sure my skin is hydrated
you can feel how supple your skin is when you wash your face in the morning
made it feel like hydrated
i wanted something to make my skin hydrated overnight
when i wake up in the morning my skin feels perfectly moisturized
am amazed by how supple my skin is feeling
oils to keep my skin moisturized
your skin will feel refreshed
it still is hydrating
this leaves my skin smooth
the brush applicator makes it feel so luxurious
this mask really does leave my face feeling purified
i actually feel very hydrated after using this
my face looks clean and hydrated the day after.
my skin looks more hydrated as well after regular use
my skin feels so refreshed
the brush application makes it feel very soothing too
my skin always feels velvety smooth afterwards
i felt super fresh after using it
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin seems fresher
leave my skin feeling refreshed
leaves your skin quite fresh after washing it off
nice mask that leaves my skin feeling clean
right away i notice my skin more supple
i can feel my skin clean
your face is super hydrated
your skin looks cleaner
it calms my skin and really purifies it.
this mask left it feeling super smooth
really enjoy mud masks
this mask left my skin feeling clean
my faces feels so smooth
this mask made my skin feel so refreshed
just helped me relaxed
my skin feels so refreshed
my face feels toned
my skin gets firmer
this works wonders to keep my face refreshed
it feels good on the skin, a bit astringent.
my skin feels so smooth and refreshed afterwards.
while i'm sure it cleans
my skin feels so smooth and refreshed.
my skin is still smooth to the touch
hydrated after i washed the mask off
i woke up my face is hydrated
leaves a healthy looking skin
it is deeply hydrating
feels like it stays on the surface
supple after using this for about three weeks
i feel this moisturizer is super efficient
i wake up with supple
this is extremely hydrating
made my skin feeling plump
in two nights it have my skin moisturized
my skin is so smooth
since using my skin has been nicely hydrated.
my skin feels soft and hydrated.
my skin feels so smooth and moisturized!
it keeps my skin hydrated just using it overnight
keeps me looking hydrated
this is a nice moisturizer for when my skin is feeling a bit tight after washing -- perfect for the cooler
my skin feels quenched
moisturizes my very dry spots without over hydrating my oily spots
it still moisturizes really well
my face feels so refreshed
i feel like it plumps my skin
keeps me hydrated over night
this nighttime moisturizer leaves my skin well hydrated in the morning
quantity i feel my skin is very well hydrated at night without feeling greasy
it's really hydrating and not greasy.
fresh smell.. not too heavy.. very moisturizing!
the boscia super charged overnight cream is great for very dehydrated skin
not hydrating enough for winter
was not hydrating enough
excellent because with all emollient products a little goes a long way
not quite moisturizing enough for my dry skin though
it goes on smooth as it is a pretty viscose liquid
its hard to find a lightweight moisturizer with high spf that isn't greasy
my skin always feels moisturized
it's not as hydrating
it's super hydrating without being too oily
it dries to a matte feeling on the skin which i love
it has spf, and it looks flawless under makeup.
this moisturizes very well
this moisturizer is super lightweight so my skin doesn't feel heavy with product when i layer it under makeup
it makes it very supple
provides just enough moisture without making my skin look or feel oily
moisturizes very well while also giving me protection from the sun
it always glides on smooth
maybe the mechanics of it help the antioxidants stay fresh
my face is hydrated
this lightweight moisturizer absorbs easily into my dry/sensitive skin while offering great sun protection
works perfectly under makeup
this moisturizer is working perfectly for me--light
this lotion is really thin but it works for me.
its very smooth and my skin drinks it right up!
seems to keep my face hydrated all day
hydrated glow all winter
i wish it was a skoshe more hydrating.
this one has the spf i wanted plus absorbs beautifully leaving my skin hydrated
leaves my skin feeling 100% moisturized
it is very hydrating
i love how hydrating this is
very nice smoothing moisturizer that is amazing on the super oily
moisturizes enough to help makeup go on smooth
my skin feels healthy
it leaves my skin soft, smooth and hydrated.
my skin feels super moisturised without feeling greasy
leaves my skin hydrated and supple.
it deals with oily skin really well.
it hydrated enough without feeling heavy
doing this keeps it healthy
this does a good job of hydrating
the next day i feel like my skin is so hydrated
still makes your skin feel properly hydrated
when i use this i wake up to moisturized
my skin still feels moisturized
the gel feels really refreshing like when you use the cucumber gel eye masks it's that plush cold gel
i wake up with brighter more hydrated overall healthier looking skin
my skin looked healthier
my skin feels plump
my face feels smooth
this mask instantly feels so hydrating
my skin looks refreshed
my 40+ skin felt "plump" and incredibly "smooth".
keeps my face feeling moisturized even after a few hours
youthful skin is soft, hydrated and pretty.
my skin feels so moisturized
it makes your skin feel so hydrated
its very moisturizing and absorbs nicely.
it leaves my skin supple
it is very hydrating without feeling greasy or filmy
it is very hydrating
very good moisture cream!
this cream keeps my skin hydrated all day
very hydrating and helps blend makeup.
such a great hydrating product for people with dry skin
plus makes your face feel fresh
it made my face way too hydrated for summer day use
it hydrates the skin very well yet still light weight
my skin feels hydrated
keeps my lizard-ish skin pretty hydrated for a few hours
it is so hydrating.
i found it just wasn't hydrating enough
it leaves my skin feeling so smooth
hydrated with no oily/greasy/heavy feeling
lightweight with just the right amount of hydration
this product works wonderfully with dry skin.
i think it helped make me less oily because my skin feels healthier
my skin needed a little extra hydration
very smooth every morning i am loving it
keeps my skin moisturized
my skin looks so healthy
my makeup goes on smooth
my skin always breaks out with oils
i noticed it's so much more hydrated
it keeps my skin hydrated
my skin feels super hydrated.
it does an amazing job of keeping my skin hydrated
my skin is more plump and supple.
it leaves my skin hydrated
keeps my face feeling "well-balanced"
it is great for keeping your skin hydrated
feels so good it's worth the oiliness
my skin feels so hydrated
my skin is smoother
when my skin needs a lot more hydration
still leaves me feeling hydrated in the morning
the oil does moisturize while not making your skin feel oily
this soft moist cleanser cleans so well
my skin feels like a baby's.
it leaves my skin feeling clean
-hydrated way my skin feels after i use it
keeps you moisturized this one is great
it cleans my face very well
makes my face feel fresh and clean.
left my skin feeling extremely clean and fresh.
cleanses your face really well
makes my face feel very clean
the way my skin feels when i am done washing
leaves skin so smooth
my skin feels clean
leaves face feeling very clean
this cleanser leaves my skin completely clean
it's more the consistency of a very thin lotion
it makes my face feel smooth
leaves my skin with a smooth
when i wake up my skin is still hydrated
it lays perfectly underneath my makeup
my cheeks feel like a baby's
it still keeps my skin moisturized throughout the day
it is very hydrating
this worked wonderfully for hydration purposes
my skin still feels hydrated
it smells so good & is so light weight.
i love that this gel moisturizer keeps my skin cool
it doesn't feel particularly moisturizing or calming
it really calms my skin
this moisturizer works really well in my normal/combo skin
leaves skin feeling hydrated
fast hydration and nice smelling (:
i feel hydrated through the day
leave a greasy feeling on your skin so this is the perfect moisturizer for me
you wake up with your skin feeling supple
it is incredibly hydrating
it feels so lightweight and is so gentle.
i find this to calm my irritated skin quite nicely
it seems to calm my skin down
my skin feels nourished but not heavy.
for a gel it seems to feel thick
because it feels so light weight
even if my skin was plenty hydrated that day
the feel of this gel is soothing
really helps with the redness
i loved the way this product hydrated my skin all day
this particular gel cream revealed the most perfectly hydrated
within two days my skin was feeling hydrated again
absolutely the best non-greasy way to moisturize.
my skin felt instantly hydrated
thatits hydrating my skin without feeling like crisco
keeps my skin feeling hydrated
my skin seems smoother
it's a very cooling gel
i almost feel like that's necessary in order for it to be more hydrating
the rose hydrating gel cream is great -- it glides on smooth
my skin feels light and moisturized!
i also think the ingredients calm my skin
i always feel refreshed
this cleanser is gentle enough for everyday!
my skin feels clean
it really refreshes my skin after work
giving my face a healthier-looking complexion
my skins feels more plump
really deeply hydrated as well
this gentle foaming cleanser leaves my skin feeling clean
it has pampered me well
this cleanser is very gentle on my face
a really good gentle cleanser that gets sweat
caudalie also make a very fine foam cleanser
my skin feels good after cleansing
this is a very lightweight cleanser that definitely gets my skin clean without irritating it or drying it out
having perfectly exfoliated skin every time
leaves my skin clean
my oils feel more balanced now
my skin stays way more hydrated
makes aging skin feel hydrated supple smooth
was hoping my face would feel a bit more immediately moisturized
hydrated when i wake up
my skin feels very comfortable after applying this
this gives me the extra hydration i need to make my skin look dewy
gives me the hydration i need
my skin looks healthy
my normally oily/combo skin is drinking this stuff up beautifully
my skin is super hydrated
this is very hydrating
i like this because it's super hydrating
my skin tone was balanced and far less oily.
my skin looks and feels so youthful.
my skin appears more youthful
my skin looks so refreshed
the feel of the oil is smooth
my face is hydrated, calmed and breakout free!
i love the way it really hydrates my skin
i wake up with a smooth & refreshed look.
my skin has been more hydrated
i feel so refreshed after using this
it perks my complexion for sure
gave my skin a "plump" moisturized/youthful appearance
it also absorbs nicely into my skin without leaving my skin feeling greasy
must try if you have dehydrated skin!!
moisturized complexion when i use this before bed
absorbs well, not too oily.
was thinking it will be more or less like my healthy store's rosehip oil -- i
it layers nicely under my moisturizer
my skin immediately feels nourished
it keeps me hydrated
now my skin looks super fresh
it looks a bit greasy
help dry skin tremendously without a greasy feel.
my skin looks healthy
my skin absorbs this pretty quickly
it helps make the skin feel hydrated while creating that healthy natural glow
winter approaching, perfect to hydrate!
it does a great job hydrate my eye areas
my eyes were instantly hydrated and refreshed.
my conclusion after using it for an entire month is that it works great to keep my skin moisturized at night
it moisturizes without feeling greasy
so it's definitely hydrating.
it really hydrates the eye area
it really moisturizes the skin around my eyes
i feel my skin feeling more dehydrated
makes your skin feel toned
my skin texture is smoother
it gives me a little bit of color while keeping my skin moisturized
my skin feels smooth with less texture in the morning
my skin looks smooth
made my face instantly hydrated
this is a good, lightweight moisturizer.
this moisturizer does keep my skin hydrated
left it feeling smooth
my skin is super smooth
my skin looks feels
citrus in my opinion it is smooth blends in so well
my skin feels awake
it made my dry skin look and feel hydrated.
keeps my skin hydrated all day
the gel makes my skin feel cool to the touch
hydrated all day long
it is light weight and not greasy.
and keeps my face moisturized all night!
the origins ginzing energy-boosting gel moisturizer was very pleasant to use every morning
it definitely made my skin feel hydrated
the gel is so refreshing
still very hydrating for my very dry skin
this moisturizer is quite light and fresh!
my face definitely felt hydrated
gives me the moisture i need without making my skin feel oily
it does moisturize my skin very well
orange makes your skin feel refreshed instantly.
i do feel refreshed after using this
i feel like my face is moisturizer
i would definitely recommend this moisturizer that helps my skin feel so refreshed
it leaves your skin very hydrating
it feels so lightweight on my skin
this leaves my face super moisturized without leaving the feeling of greasiness/tackiness
this helps keep my skin hydrated
it does a great job of calming the redness in my skin too
it feels light on the skin
thin moisturizer so a lot goes a long way!
it makes my skin smooth
it did hydrate my skin very well
stayed hydrated all night and day.
the moisturizers i've used before are pretty clear in color
the morning after i notice my skin is more hydrated
when i first tried it i wasn't completely sold because i have been using a thicker moisturizer even in the summer to make sure my skin is well hydrated
during the summer time my skin becomes really oily
feel verg refreshing on the skin
great for feeling awake
it was lightweight but still moisturized my skin.
hydrated with out that oily feeling most moisturizers leave
feels to me like the laneige sleeping pack moisturizer
it instantly moisturized my skin
since it leaves my skin moisturized
it does leave my skin feeling very hydrated
not so light that you don't feel fully moisturized
usually more hydrating creams feel so heavy on my skin
made it feel moisturized
it feels super lightweight on my skin
it keeps me feeling moisturizer all day.
it soaks nicely into the skin
leaves your face feeling hydrated
it is a very thick cream
gives your face a very moisturizer look
makes me feel fresh
i felt it made my skin very smooth
it's super light weight
my sink feels so amazing and hydrated.
it does a great job hydrating my skin
it really moisturize my face
kept it hydrated for hours
this product kept me refreshed
the moisturizer soaks in fast
am very sleep deprived
my skin has never been so moisturized!
it always leaves my skin feeling smooth
as well as staying super hydrated
works really well right after i exfoliate with a brush
on top of being hydrated
feel like most moisturizers make me look greasy
s to feel moisturized with out the greasy feeling
my skin felt super hydrated
keeps me hydrated through the day
still keeps my face moisturized
this moisturizer feels really good on my face i love that's a gel moisturizer because i have combination skin it feels moisturize my skin it doesn't feel oily at all
skin looks hydrated and supple.
it provides a good amount of hydration.
my skin does feel brighter after using it as a moisturizer for night
getting pretty oily skin
it instantly hydrated my skin.
still provides a good amount of hydration
my skin feels hydrated all day long
really smooth the canvas for makeup like this primer
this primer really smooths things out abs gives my foundation a beautiful finish
my face looks smooth
it really helps smooth my pores out
evens out skin tone and stays makeup all day.
my skin texture really is bumpy
smooth feeling on the face
made my skin super smooth
this makes my skin amazingly smooth
most importantly keeps my oily skin at bay for hours
seemed to moisture my skin well
it makes skin texture smooth
my skin feels so smooth
gives a smooth texture to your skin
it keeps my face looking smoother
i like this primer it gives a smooth finish for makeup application
it made my skin smooth
with my oily skin this helps keep my makeup stay in place all day
i fell in love with this one because i feel super moisturized
i loved the feel of it: slightly thick
it's a fairly thick cream
it makes my skin smooth
love algenist eye balm as well!
skin is firmer with a younger texture.
my skin texture is smooth again.
my skin is looking firmer
my skin was noticibky smoother
my skin feels firmer
it is very hydrating
my skin looks smoother
it seems to be helping my skin stay more balanced in terms of hydration
leaves my skin so smooth
dehydrated yet combination skin
the retinol is still very gentle
my skin is smooth
my skin feels supple
my skin also has more of an all-around hydrated appearance
my skin looks younger
it just looked healthy
leave me feeling greasy
my skin is so smooth
my skins feels hydrates
food for my tired skin.
you will wake up hydrated and it smells so good!
my face was still hydrated
very hydrating for the skin during winter.
when i wake up my face is hydrated
you wake up to the most supple smooth skin
i go to bed with moisturized skin
i wake up moisturized
it is so hydrating
my skin still feels hydrated the next morning
skin is moisturized but no greasy in morning!
this night cream is the reason my skin stayed hydrated all winter long
this absorbs into my skin so nicely
my skin is perfectly hydrated.
moisturized for the first time this winter
this cream kept my face completely moisturized
obviously, drink lots of water and eat healthy!
this is a really great overnight hydrating product
my skin still feels hydrated
it is so soothing.
it keeps it moisturized without being oily
hydrated skin in the morning
feels light on your skin
soaks in pretty fast
it left me with moisturized skin in the morning
it is extremely moisturized
it is light feeling
moisturizes well without feeling heavy
wake up with supple
i wake up with super soft skin thats well hydrated
felt hydrated & so nice.
it is wonderfully moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy on my skin--in fact i often use more in the summer
feels my skin very hydrated
it's moisturizing although it doesn't really help with my very oily skin
my skin can get quite oily
i felt it evened out my skin texture
works perfectly on my combination/oily skin.
my skin keeps clean
i feel comfortable without makeup
the tone of my skin
using a cream moisturizer has always made my skin very oily throughout the day
for me it is very relaxing
for me, this product heals it all!
i think it really helps to heal my skin from all the drying acne product
i am getting fine wrinkles
my skin is plump and hydrated.
her skin is smooth
my skin is smoother
my skin feels nourished and soft.
my skin is healthy
this perricone product makes your skin feel like healthy skin is supposed to feel
tone that looks like healthy
calm skin that's been cared for really well
goes perfectly under makeup
it's cool, cushiony and absorbs quickly.
leaves your skin flawless
i feel like it gives my face a healthy glow
makes my face so smooth.
it has not a matte finish
evens my skin tone
is surprisingly moisturizing even though you use so little
this may be a little too hydrating
this is so weightless on my face
my skin always looks hydrated
it makes my skin feel supple!
great lightweight feel on my combination oily skin
the finish is smooth
more hydrated than when i don't use it
it is a mousse texture which makes it feel light going on
it gives you that fresh supple look.
i really wanted something super-hydrating for my dry skin with spf
good hydration with an spf
what works best for me is lightly misting my skin with evian immediately before application
with this under it my skin feels smooth
supple all day long
it keeps my oily skin moisturized without making it produce more oil
my skin looks healthy
my skin feels moisturized, but not oily.4.
this is so hydrating!
keeps my skin hydrated
left my skin so smooth
it helped soften my skin and rehydrate it!
leaves my skin looking firmer
my skin is smooth
my skin glows and feels so much firmer
it works better if you massage gently
what it is great at is hydrating
this serum makes my skin so supple and hydrated.
evens my skin tone
i feel the smoothing effects
i find it to be very hydrating
i believe that much of my youthful skin is attri
it makes my skin look even better- hydrated
my skin is smoother
my skin is so smooth
my skin appears more hydrated even in winter.
be sure to wash face thoroughly the morning
because it really moisturized my face
skin felt more supple
instantly feel hydrated in the morning
my skin feels so much supple
my skin soft,hydrated an dewy.
it makes my skin feel hydrated
my skin looks younger!
feels light while being super hydrating which i love
repaired that extremely chapped skin
my skin felt rehydrated
it looks bright and hydrated.
my skin feels nourished
hydrating without being greasy or aggravating my skin
perfectly hydrating without clogging pores or making you shiny
makes my skin super glowy.
my skin was super clear
my skin feels so light
skin feels tight and so fresh afterwards.
it made my skin smooth
my skin is so smooth
have pretty smooth skin as is
my skin felt remarkably smooth after one use
my skin looks younger
my skin looks so healthy, smooth, and glowing.
your skin definitely feels healthy
rinse throughly with warm water
it makes my skin feel softer, plumper, calmer.
and leaves my skin so smooth and glowy!!
leave your skin refreshed
afterwards my skin looked sooo fresh.
in the morning i have healthy glowing skin
left my face feeling refreshed
my skin felt smooth
it left my skin feeling clean and smooth.
my skin felt clean
it made my skin smooth
nose feel a little tight
first off this makes my skin feel tingly like it's working
feel of my mature skin after the first application
absorbs nicely and is not greasy at all.
does not break me out and keeps me hydrated.
i exfoliate less now since my skin feels fresh
moisturized because of this product
this moisturizer is not only safe
it just seems so happy to have an all-natural product hydrating it
pros: i find it to be very hydrating
however this moisturizer did make my skin feel hydrated
long it moisturized my skin despite not feeling really 'rich' compared with other products i've used in the past
feel moisturized all day
feels healthy after using this
young looking skin is to have a good cleansing/exfoliating system in place
this is a good exfoliating cleanser that did clean out the pores somewhat
leaves skin feeling super clean and refreshed.
it leaves the skin feeling clean
my skin feels smooth
leaves my skin feeling fresh
keeps my skin balanced
it feels smooth and hydrated.
most of all i liked the way it exfoliated
this product truly cleanses
it leaves the skin feeling
it leaves my skin hydrated and smooth.
leaves skin feeling super soft and hydrated!
they're crushed to a powder so this cleanser is quite gentle
makes your skin feel healthy
leaves skin clean and fresh
leaves my skin feeling fresh
mostly because the gentle exfoliating makes my skin look amazingly refreshed
i feel so clean
refreshed after using this
the tone of my skin
hydrates and makes skin look nice.
gentle enough for everyday.
it feels like your exfoliating as well
it cleanses deeply without drying my skin
my skin feels clean
i've learned that moisturized skin keeps the breakouts away
leaves my face feeling moisturized
makes you feel very pampered
makes you feel super clean
good hydration while cleansing
your skin will feel clean
it's been keeping my skin feeling plump
my skin finally feels healthy
it keeps winter skin supple all day
this product keeps my skin hydrated all day
it has a matte finish when it absorbs.
i feel like my skin is smoother
instantly my skin looks refreshed
my skin looks more plump
this is very hydrating
it felt wonderful, smooth skin , not oily.....
it feels cool and relaxing!
feels cool on the eye and relaxing!
my makeup goes on perfectly smooth
i love the cooling feeling
a bit of my nars concealer makes me always look rested
the gel is hydrating enough for me on its own
calm my skin before going to sleep
especially just to pamper yourself during the hot summer months
then add my eye moisturizer which helps keeps my under eye area hydrated under my full coverage foundation
has lotion like feel to it
i can already feel the moisture staying in my skin
make it even toned
my skin felt very moisturized!
leaves your skin feeling fresh
these are my results:*skin is adequately moisturized
my face is super smooth with no acne spots to be seen
makes my skin feel so clean!
this face wash is so gentle
healthy skin after all said/done
makes me very matte
my face feels nicely moisturized
this is perfect for putting on to keep my skin from being super oily
it really does moisturize
this moisturizer absorbs so fast
while others felt greasy
leaves my skin moisturized without the greasy feeling
my skin feels balanced
refreshed feeling of my skin right after application
so this does a good job of moisturizing without my face getting oily through the day
it is very moisturized
this oil is a good light weight oil that gives you glowing skin
it is hydrating but not greasy.
this oil gives me hydration
it really helps control redness
keeping it well moisturized since her 20's
is keeping my skin looking plump
the only down side to it is that it seems to me to not be very moisturizing at all
it really moisturizes my skin without being too oily
my skin just stays nicely hydrated longer.
so this made feel super moisturized
it moisturizes really well during the winter months
it makes me skin feel hydrated but not oily.
this oil leaves my skin feeling moisturized
i feel my skin hydrated al
does a good job of hydrating
no moisturizer with it when i need to calm down my skin
does a great job at hydrating dry skin
this oil is light weight and it feels amazing on.
this oil makes my skin look
the texture of my skin was amazing afterward
hydrated the next day
my skin is completely dehydrated
it does moisturize really nicely
it lasts a very long time since 2-3 drops is enough to moisturize your face
my skin is supple
it soaks in nicely
my skin looks so hydrated.
makes me skin look fresh
i am very fair and toned down redness in my skin.
it keeps my face moist all day
makes my face look smooth
oils have really helped balance my skin
very ready for my nighttime moisturizer
it doesn't leave my skin oily just feels refreshed
i find it has helped hydrate my skin
skin looks more hydrated and glows.
it gives me plenty of hydration
really great for hydrating and softening skin.
my skin does feel smooth
it keeps my face moisturized
it keeps my skin balanced
craetes smaller pores and very hydrating!
while my acne is still there this product has made my skin look more radiant
it has a healthy glow that can be seen at 100% when used with a moisturizer
my skin was smooth
it leaves my skin so moisturized
for me it helps acne spots heal better
makes my skin smooth
makes my skin smooth and fresh!
looks healthy with this product
it make skin smooth and hydrated.
my skin is less textured and so much smoother.
my skin definitely feels more hydrated
my skin feels so smooth
helps my skin maintain all the moisture of my face cream
i love the eye gel as well!
it makes my skin super healthy n glowy.
it just makes my skin feel healthy
plump from the hydration it provides
makes it look smooth
my skin is smoother
my skin feels refreshed, hydrated and soft.
always wake up to refreshed skin
this is so smooth
my skin was incredibly moisturized its like magic in a little bottle
my skin looks more radiant, even, and awake.
i feel like it's balancing something between redness issues/eczema patches/overall skin surface
said that i looked refreshed
it keeps my skin smooth
my skin looks smoother, more plumped up.
just makes the skin smooth
it makes my skin look smooth
my skin looks heathy and pores are smooth!!
my skin feels so smooth
my skin looks younger
this product made my skin calm
within 45 mins to an hour my skin is super greasy
leaves my face feeling flawless
keeps the skin hydrated throughout the day
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it really feels moisturized
this product makes my skin moisturized
my skin can look very dewy
not a jar--it's more hygienic
leaves my skin feeling moisturized like no other moisturizer
it absorbs nicely, isn't greasy.
keeps my skin moisturized
my skin felt more supple
it just makes your skin feel refreshed
nothing was keeping it hydrated
it helped a lot with keeping my skin smooth
hydrated throughout the day
it's a very light-weight oil that provides enough hydration without making my face look greasy
as it provides enough hydration
cool on my skin
my face is so moisturized
this mask is very hydrating
it leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin feels refreshed
mask and clean 2in1 fresh and clean, smell good.
hydrate delicate eye skin
hydrated now that i find myself softly stroking underneath my eyes
my eyes look supple again and not crepey.
my skins been feeling
it feels like i'm properly hydrated around my eyes
my skin feels soft and hydrated.
its just perfect and so hydrating!
this product helps keep my eyes smooth
i think this helps keep puffiness to a minimum
the formula is very hydrating
it makes my skin feel so hydrated
i love how this cleanser makes my dry skin feel great
it makes your skin feel squeaky clean
leaves your skin clean
my face feels super clean
makes my oily skin feel clean
it lathers up amazingly!
this leaves my skin feeling
this cleanser is great because it is foamy
it cleans your face really well so that when it rinses off your skin feels refreshed
leaves my skin feeling clean
smooth my skin felt
my face feels really clean and fresh.
leaves my face super clean
every night i leave it on for 3-5mins to really moisturize my face
it feels moisturized and cleaned after cleansing.
leaves skin feeling clean
skin feels so clean
this makes your skin super supple
keeps my skin really hydrated
i realise now that this is more suited for oily skin
my skin feels hydrated
waking up it feels healthy!
feel that it keeps skin hydrated
after rubbing it in my skin felt sooo smooth
skin hasn't looked this healthy in a loooong time
even though my hair is healthy looking
my face is smooth
my face is moisturized
the combination of products made my skin look so healthy
body oils that don't have a strong perfume are hard to find
my skin is hydrated
it makes my skin look so dewy!
refreshed in the morning
keeps my face hydrated
it makes my skin look
plus i'm always sweaty thanks to menopause
my skin is moisturized
my face was smooth
perfect for hydrating oily skin.
this product was recommended to me after i totally clean my oily skin
i still needed to moisturize my face as i would get that tight feeling in my skin
it actually helped calm my pimple
while it moisturized well
i swear my face has never felt more moisturized
i wake up with hydrated
its oily enough to feel moisturizing yet light enough to soak in
light weight enough to moisturize without feeling greasy
it makes my skin look
it soaks in nicely
very light weight and makes my skin look amazing.
totally drys deep into your skin leaving it a natural matte
on top of leaving my skin supple
my skin felt hydrated
i've noticed that my skin does look more hydrated
leaves my skin feeling nourished
my skin stays hydrated all day.
my skin gets very oily during the day
this makes my skin feel wonderfully hydrated when i wake up in the morning
my skin feels smooth and supple.
leaves your skin hydrated.
my skin does looks fresher
my skin feels "nourished" in the morning
leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin is smooth
leaves your face feeling moisturized with out being oil
leaves my face feeling cleansed and fresh.
when it comes to toners my skin can feel tight
this product makes my skin feeling refresed
i wash my face throughly with a regular cleaner
that helps tone the skin
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
i feel so clean after.
my skin has felt clean and looks cleaner too.
my skin kind of felt a touch raw after
is is gentle and does not irratate my skin.
leaves my face feeling clean
nice clean smell and easily removes makeup.
this left my skin feeling smooth
this toner even out my skin perfectly
it feels better than a toner with a nice
leaves skin feeling supple with a lot of moisture
my face feels super clean
makes my skin feel super clean without drying
it leaves my face moisturized
this toner make my skin feel nourished
leaves my skin super fresh
i like that i don't have to rush to rehydrate so my skin can breathe for a bit
left my skin feeling clean
i felt refreshed and clean!
leaves my skin moisturized
this leaves your skin feeling so clean
refreshed without making it feel like there is a layer of gunk or chemicals on your skin even after letting it dry
this stuff cleanses your skin perfectly
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
my skin is more thoroughly cleansed
my face feels clean
my skin stays calm
leaves my face feeling very clean
if my skin is not properly moisturized
after using it i feel like my skin was hydrated
i feel like it has helped with my acne a little as well since it exfoliates
still want the nourishment
it's so nourishing and softening!
nourished as this mask
moisturize the skin it also leaves a silk barrier when you rinse with warm water
my skin feels so nice and soft and hydrated.
my skin feels super
rinses off cleanly to leave the skin unbelievably smooth
wonderfully hydrated skin that i only dreamed of having
my skin feels supple and moisturized.
my skin has been feeling dehydrated
it makes my face feel great as far as moisture/being nourished
restore my skin to pristine moisturized condition within 2 days of use
it is a pretty heavy moisturizer
adding it on top of a serum feels pretty thick
this lotion works wonders to make sure my skin is fully hydrated without being overbearing
i needed something that would keep my skin hydrated all day
leaves my skin feeling extremely moisturized
keeps me hydrated during the day
keeps my skin hydrated
my skin was noticeably more hydrated within days.
this moisturizer is amazing for oily acne prone skin since it hydrates without making my skin feel greasy
this moisturizer never fails at making it look hydrated
the only moisturizer that's thick enough to fix my dehydrated skin
leaving it feeling smooth
leaves my skin hydrated
also gives skin a healthy glow on days you want to go natural
my skin feels more moisturized
moisturized as when i first put both products on
my skin feels hydrated without feeling greasy.
leaves my skin hydrated without being shiny or greasy
it works incredibly well if your skin is irritated or sunburnt
it delivers a very comfortable natural moisture level which i really appreciate
it will moisturize the skin so well
in my experience this lotion provides a great light texture that is hydrating enough for dry areas without any greasiness in my t-zone
it leaves your skin smooth and not greasy.
still keeps my skin moisturized
it makes my makeup look so smooth!
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
it is also very hydrating although light
this helps my eyes look more awake
thin formula that seems to hydrate well
the description said it was hydrating
keeps my eyes looking vibrant even on days i get less than 8 hours of sleep
moisturized throughout the day
it definitely helps with puffiness
it really calms irritated skin
because i feel like night creams need to be thicker
leaves your skin feeling firmer
like a really moisturized feel
it sits very nicely under makeup
is a nice thin primer before makeup
for my dry skin it is not quite moisturizing enough
it keeps me hydrated all day
this cream feels so light on your skin
it's a very liquidy moisturizer
it keeps my face hydrated
it is so lightweight and smooth.
it leaves your skin fresh
i will probably get something more hydrating
this is definitely a solid day-time lotion with sun protection
i love the feel of this lotion after putting on my skin
my skin feel softer and smoother.
i find that it moisturizes enough
moisturized without feeling greasy
skin fills supple after use.
this cream is great and is very hydrating!
this moisturizer keeps my skin happy
smells good, lightweight, not oily.
still gives me the hydration i need
it absorbs pretty well.
heavy enough that you know your skin is being hydrated
it gives my skin a plump, light feel.
make my skin look healthy.
made my skin hydrated
this moisturizes my skin so well without breaking me out
i do appreciate hydration as well
it hydrates my skin just enough
it leaves my face hydrated and love the texture.
helps my skin stay hydrated through the night
hydrated right after i put it on
it makes my skin light and smooth.
this product is really moisture and lightweight.
really refined my skin to a more smooth
keeps my skin moisturized
cleanser it looks very healthy
my skin is feeling hydrated
you will have hydrated skin all day long
absorbs on my skin pretty fast
it is liquidy, lightweight.
my face feels so calm
also keeping my skin hydrated for so long
it's the only moisturizer that makes my skin feel relieved
both leave the appearance of hydrated
it works perfectly under my makeup
my skin was actually supple
and it smells very light and clean.
my skin looks so healthy
it truly moisturizes without feeling greasy
it leaves my skin feeling smooth and moisturized.
my skin do look healthier
hydrating without being greasy or heavy.
leaves my skin feeling supple
helps to keep my skin hydrated all day
it is extremely hydrating and lightweight.
my skin looks smooth and younger.
no breakouts and makes my skin look smooth.
after getting a good cleanser
my skin is smooth.
my skin feels cleaner
really felt tingly because my skin is pretty sensitive
it helps to cool my face
it helps keep my skin balanced
what i was super amazed at was how well it unclogged my pores that had blackheads
my skin is smooth
my skin looks healthy for the first time in my life
one of the nice things is that the pad exfoliates
they make my skin smooth
cleans makeup really well
my skin is pretty oily.
it is a very good daily cleanser
it plumps and refreshes my skin.
my skin felt soft, very hydrated and smooth.
i can say that it leaves my skin beautifully hydrated
this really works at hydrating
the balm breaks down makeup really well
i love the cleanser it leaves your skin clean
i make sure to use this cleanser
the cloth is super easy to rinse
my skin feels supple
hydrated after every use
it makes my skin so supple
hydrated without being greasy
my face feels so clean
my skin felt firmer
my face feels to smooth
and it leaves my skin so wildly clean and supple.
i feel super confident wearing zero concealer or make-up now
your face is smooth
this product really moisturises my face
the whole home mini-facial process is very relaxing
clean the face without dehydrating the skin
made my skin feel clean
my skin felt clean and firm.
my skin feels much more moisturized
it cleans very well and feel non drying after.
leaves skin feeling incredibly smooth and clean.
keeps skin moisturized at the same time
it really cleans out your pores
leaves my skin feeling so clean
reduces my blemishes while leaving my skin looking healthy
ensuring that my skin is getting an excellent drink of moisture
my skin gets refreshed
this cleanser is the first one i've ever used that leaves my face feeling hydrated
leaves my skin moisturized
my face now feels hydrated after i cleanse
this keeps your skin clean
it melts so nicely into my skin
my face looks contoured
not only is it nourishing to the skin
it leaves my skin so clean
massaging this product into the skin feels relaxing
that it leaves my skin so clean
the routine is so relaxing
my skin feels completely refreshed after using the cleanser
when i wake up in the morning my skin is completely hydrated
it feels more relaxing
my skin is super clean after washing
not least it felt moisturized no dryness at all
this cleanser has kept my skin well moisturized
it feels completely moisturized
this cleanser is so gentle
if you want a relaxing
i love this cleanser which leaves my skin clean
it makes my face smooth
leaves my skin clean
it helps to calm down your skin
overall i just look hydrated
leaves my skin the most plump
it leaves my skin super smooth
my pores were unbelievably cleansed
it does not make your skin dry because it soothes your skin
made my skin smooth
prepares it nicely for skin care
it melts into a nice oil like texture an goes on your skin smoothly
it makes my skin feel clean
this is so hydrating
while still making it feel refreshed
after i rinse it off my skin feels refreshed
my skin looked so much more moisturized
this will leave your face feeling wonderfully moisturized
feels moisturized, not greasy.
cleanses my skin thoroughly
my face feels cool
it leaves my skin feeling clean
the skin looks so healthy
my skin looks younger
leaves my skin feeling so comfortable.
left my skin feeling hydrated
i love this cleanser very thick
my skin glowed, felt clean, but not too clean.
my oily skin always feels perfectly moisturized without feeling greasy
leaves my skin smooth
i still seem to have perfectly moisturized skin
that is "all about cool packaging
i love it is very hydrating without being heavy or oily
made me feel hydrated
my skin felt hydrated
i feel i am getting a luxury facial every night
your skin will look flawless
its tighter/firmer and looks very healthy.
supple skin which will make you look like you did actually get 8 hours of sleep
i can literally feel my skin tingle in a good way while it soaks up the serum
it feels very hydrating
my eyes look healthy
i really like this eye cream i find it hydrating
the cream absorbs nicely
it adds a bit of moisture
leaves my under eye area moisturized
gives a really dewy finish
the fine lines under my eyes are lessened as it is quite hydrating
it is definitely hydrating
refreshed with no puffiness at all
this product hydrates really well
stretching" at the sensitive skin under your eyes if dabbing is not conducive to morning skincare routine
my skin is more healthy
my skin feels so smooth
hydrated my sad skin
also my skin is so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
it kinda helped with my oily skin as well
my skin just feels healthier
makes my skin look rejuvenated.
sensitive skin thoroughly hydrated
my skin is moisturized
leaves my skin still feeling moisturized when i wake up in the morning
along with hydrating my skin it has made my skin look brighter
it's very hydrating and thick.
once it's on for a few minutes my skin feels perfectly moisturized
i love how moisturized i feel
my skin feels hydrated
makes my skin smooth
in the morning i wake up with plump moisturized skin
skin feels and looks healthy.
keeps your skin looking really moist
it smells fresh and clean too!
i love this cleanser for five main reasons:- it improves skin texture- helps keep your skin moisturized- makes you feel like you just had a facial- has no parabens
it leaves your skin feeling fresh
even gives my skin a toned feeling
my face feels clean and yet still moist.
it leaves my skin clean
throughly cleanses while leaving the skin very soft
my skin is now super smooth and fab.
it seems to balance out my combination skin perfectly
it makes my skin so smooth
you can feel the tingling of the extracts in this mask
leaves my skin feeling fresh
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves the skin feeling fresh
very good cleaning-rich lather
this cleanser has done wonders for my skin by noramalizing the texture as well as getting rid of the dark spots
it left a tight and clean feeling to the skin.
my skin looks healthier
it feels soothing on skin plus it's nourishing.
leaves my skin feeling clean
hydrated even before putting on moisturizer
it's still fairly hydrating for my very dry skin
better moisturized since switching to this line
my skin feels refreshed, clear and moisturized.
made my skin feel rough
it works very nicely with my clarisonic cleansing brush
it did a good job of keeping my skin exfoliated
it left my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
tone my very oily skin in one step as it promises
my skin feels clean
yet leaves my skin feeling clean
i love this facewash it's great for cleansing while keeping skin looking youthful
it left my skin feeling so clean
my skin is hydrated all day, and its so smooth!
my face always feels so refresh after i wash
this product feels so gentle
it allows the skin to feel smooth
leaves it feeling smooth
it leaves my skin clean
you feel clean and no dryness at all.
gets my skin really clean
still leaves your skin very clean
my skin felt supple and looked more smooth.
it gently cleanses leaving your face feeling great
it makes my skin
it leaves my skin refrershed and clean.
is amazing for keeping moisture in while creating a less oily surface for makeup
my skin was so smooth
feel like my skin needs some serious detoxing
it does hydrate although you have to rinse your skin will look great
or it makes my skin moisturized
my skin has never felt so refreshed
wake up with a hydrated face with a soft clean texture
i am always trying different skin care products to soothe my face
i am sure it would be a dream for a sunburn as well
this mask really soothes it
it feels very cooling and is really hydrating.
was left with amazingly smooth
leaves my skin feeling so soft and hydrated.
my skin was smooth but felt detoxified and clean.
my skin was very moisturized and felt amazing.
it leaves a smooth and fresh feeling.
i am obsessed cooling feel this mask gives
it really soothes out your skin
in the morning my skin feels hydrated
since my skin soaks it up quite well
smooth my skin well
it did ok i've used better hydrating masks
it also moisturized very well
cucumber are supposed to help cool your skin
exfoliate your face first thoroughly
after i rinse it off my skin does feel hydrated
my face feels hydrated, but not oily.
makes my skin so calm
my face became hydrated
this product keeps my skin smooth
helps calm my redness
supple my skin was after i used it
the gel is very cooling
after using it daily my skin looks very dewy
my skin is so balanced
not sure about the hydration
hydrated without that oily
it makes my skin feel so smooth
if my skin is feeling irritated
i feel refreshed and my face looks brighter.
moisturized in the morning
tingly as it dries
more hydrated complexion after using this twice a week
it really detoxes your skin
when i washed the mask off my skin was very hydrated
exfoliate pretty regularly to keep my acne in check
it works amazingly to calm irritated skin
my skin feels so calm and hydrated!
it really rehydrates your skin
leaves you feelings refreshed
it helps calm my skin down.
it is also very hydrating
i already felt my skin was hydrated after using the mask once
the gel was very cooling
it's helped my skin heal from a reaction to a peel too much sun
it is fairly hydrating though
it helps calm the skin down nicely without the heavy feeling of a moisturizing cream
leaves it feeling so soft, smooth & hydrated.
makes my skin feel clean
makes my skin feel clean
it still feels clean
it leaves my face feeling clean
it makes your face feel clean
it leaves my skin so clean
my skin is very dry and it's been so nourishing.
it leaves my skin flawless
leaves my skin smooth
my face feels clean
gets my face very clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin feels a little tight after cleaning
this is a nice hydrating oil
expect enough hydration for your skin
helping the skin look supple
so soft, so hydrated and so non-greasy.
i could never find a good combination of products to achieve the perfect dewy/moisturised skin without it looking overdone or greasy
now my skin looks perfectly dewy!
moisturizes my skin perfectly
not greasy, but so hydrating.
boy did i get more than just moisturized skin!
my skin is flawless
my skin looks healthier
makes skin feel smooth, hydrated and dewy.
smooth my skin was
my skin is smooth
it has really helped keep my skin hydrated.
your skin feels very smooth
my skin is hydrated
i used this to keep my skin moisturized on the plane
this is a nice hydrating oil.
this product makes my skin feel more moist
my skin feels clean
especially great if recovering from over exfoliating
it keeps my skin moisturized while soothing
my skin looks plumper too!
the texture seems like very oily
this makes my skin feel very soft and hydrated.
my skin feels so bouncy
my face felt smoother and so hydrated.
absorbs really nicely into the skin
my skin feels hydrated
my skin is looking
it was soft and moisturized and just felt healed.
for about a month nothing was really deeply moisturizing the dry parches on my cheek
my skin feels moisturized
my face felt moisturized all day
my skin gets uncomfortably right when it's not well moisturized
my skin may not feel hydrated throughout the entire day
it helps plump my skin
i cannot feel that much moisturize my face
moisturized my poor face
they definitely gave my thirsty skin a drink
it really feels like my skin drinks in this moisturizer
this is the only product that not only keeps me moisturized all
my skin is so supple
it makes my skin so hydrated
this product really moisturizes
it's so hydrating that my skin doesn't feel tight
my skin was dehydrated
i still use it daily because i love how quickly it absorbs into my skin while being extremely hydrating
this is the only thing that helps keep my skin moisturized
my skin felt tight
it makes my foundation lay perfectly
just one dab of this product gives so much hydration to the skin
this really helps to balance the dryness
combination yet acne prone skin that is dehydrated
my skin not only feels hydrated
it wears amazingly as a foundation
when i wake up i have moisturized
i must explain how hard it is for me to find a good moisturizer that actually moisturize my inner dry sensitive oily skin
moisturized without any greasy feel
absorbs quick, light weight, and so hydrating.
this moisturizer feels so rich
leaves my skin feeling plump
makes your skin plump
makeup looks flawless on my skin
this is the only thing that keeps my face moisturized throughout the day
works great keeping my skin moisturized.
after a month of using it my skin feels supple when i wake up
it's has both watery moisturizing qualities as well as a bit of oilyness to hold in the moisture from leaving
this is the first one that makes my skin feel quenched
this actually leaves my face moisturized days after
this is a thick cream, but absorbs well.
absorbs without leaving a greasy feel
this product matches my skin perfectly!
is hydrating without feeling greasy
is a good prep for the skin before makeup also soothed
it really helps my skin retain moisture
safe face lotion during pregnancy is hard
my skin is hydrated
everyone who i've forced to try it agrees that it has an extremely pleasant hydrating sensation when it's first applied
the cream keep my skin feeling moisturized
it makes my skin visibly plumper
even just for hydration
it feels so hydrating
truly feel that it seals in all of the moisture i've given my skin with essences
it sets the perfect balance for hydrating my skin
if anything i think it helps heal my pimples
gave me a smooth surface to work with
it gives extra hydration to my skin!!
your skin will become more hydrated
my skin is smoother
it's lightweight yet packs a good punch of moisture
keeps my skin hydrated throughout the day
it's definitely a solid serum to add some very lightweight moisture
even though it is very hydrating
after that my skin stayed moisturized
my skin has never been so moisturized
have always moisturized since i was a teen
i've noticed that my skin looks hydrated
it immediately makes dull skin look refreshed.
leaves it feeling so plump and moisturized.
love how lightweight this feels
it'll also help against aging because if you stay hydrated then your skin will stay supple
it keeps my skin moisturized all day.
it's light and moisturizes my dry skin very well.
i think this lotion helps calm my skin
works on dehydrated skin helping it retain moisture
it helps to keep my face hydrated all day long
this keep my skin dewy all winter
the texture of this product is very liquid-y
it is very hydrating
found many gentle cleansers do not clean my skin properly
it makes my skin smooth
the ceramidin products have done a great job hydrating skin
very hydrating but has a weird chemical smell.
my skin is more moisturized
leaves your skin feeling smooth
have noticed my skin has become more supple
feels hydrated even the next am
my skin feels nourished and moisturized.
this product moisturizes my skin while completely evening my skin tone
definitely feels light weight
my skin is hydrated
it's the most hydrating moisturizer i've ever used without feeling super sticky
my skin was flawless
absorbs and leaves my skin feeling great!!
moisturized my skin was
some creams make my skin feel yucky
this leaves my skin feeling super clean
it is gentle enough to clean my skin.
this cleanser makes my skin so smooth
it makes your skin feel squeaky clean
it leaves your skin super fresh
as soon as i rinse my skin feels so clean.
the gentle cleanse really makes me feel refreshed
thick lather that always leaves me feeling incredibly clean
i don't like how taut it make your skin feel after rinsing
really keeps moisture in
this cleanser has been very gentle on my oily skin
it makes a nice rich lather
leaves my skin feeling super clean without over-drying
my skin is smooth
it just keeps lathering
my face feels clean but not tight.
while i felt like it cleaned my skin
it foams up so nicely
it foams up so perfectly
this is a solid gentle foaming cleanser.
this cleanser has a really nice lather
it helps my oily skin so much.
this cleanser makes my face feel so refreshed
clean this made my face feel
it lathers quite nicely
my skin felt so clean
it lathers my face nicely
leaves my face feelings clean
leaves skin feeling clean
leaves my skin moisturized
moisturized after each use i will definitely this again
makes my skin feel sqeaky clean without being too drying
it foams up so nicely
my skin healed quicker
refreshed without drying it out
gives me a squeaky clean feel without drying out my combination skin
it is a really thick texture
this adds so much moisture to my skin when it needs it the mostthis moisturizer is really hydrating
it is really hydrating
leaves my skin feeling very hydrated
my skin is clear and healthy.
it keeps my skin hydrated all day without being oily at all
i found my skin needs to be super hydrated to keep it looking healthy
my skin feels hydrated
my acne seemed to calm down
my skin feels it
it is a very thick moisturizer
i think this is what makes it so hydrating
keeps my skin balanced
it's very hydrate and intense.
it absorbs fast and leaves my skin feeling great.
i've noticed that my skin is much more even/hydrated/plump/glowy
absorbs fast and dont feel oily at all.
it is not greasy and blends well.
in the summer time my skin gets really oily
it's rich, but absorbs into a smooth finish.
my skin stays hydrated longer through the day
my skin is moisturized
this has made my skin feel and look smoother.
in the morning my skin looks refreshed, smooth
leaves my skin hydrated
my skin is smooth, looks hydrated and happy.
very thick and hydrating but not greasy.
this moisturizer works amazingly for me during winter time
makes my skin look very smooth
my skin is smooth
keeps it moisturized all day long
oiliness i was nervous about such a rich moisturizer
this moisturizer is very thick
it really does moisturize well
does not keep skin moisturized throughout these tough winter days
it feels weightless as if nothing's on your face
it works perfectly under makeup
it does moisturize pretty well with a small application
can feel the hydration on the first application
it leaves your skin feeling so beautifully smooth
my skin was smooth
makes you have a smooth complexion
gives my skin a enough moisture
i feel like it's nourishing my skin
'm trying to find things that are hydrating without being greasy
my face is super smooth
my skin feels smoother and plumper.
moisturizes it very well
this works well to keep my undereye area pretty moisturizer
the most i have ever hoped for is that an eye cream keep my under eye moisturized
my skin around my eyes look refreshed
the skin around my eyes looks more hydrated
hydrating enough but not too creamy.
feel this cream fills in fine lines
it did a decent job keeping my under eye area hydrated
it is so hydrating and great for dry skin
my eye area is well moisturized
i feel the skin around my eyes looks refreshed
it has a very nice texture and is very hydrating.
i prefer a richer cream that really hydrates the under eye area
this eye cream makes my eyes look smooth
dries perfectly, very lightweight.
my skin feels more hydrated
i feel refreshed and rejuvenated!
makes eyes look rested and youthful!
found that they either did not moisturize enough to keep the crinkles at bay or moisturized too much
wake up feeling like my skin looks refreshed
this product gives skin a smooth
loved how hydrating it felt
it feels like the area around the eyes is really hydrated
it sure tightens my skin
when i wear it faithfully my skin seems much more hydrated
it is packed with skin nourishing ingredients
feel like it really hydrates my skin
it also looks healthy
my face is hydrated allday
my 43 year-old skin looks so much more hydrated
leaves your skin so smooth
leaves my combo normal skin feeling nourished
we'll hydrated in the morning
moisturized my face really well
it does keep my skin moisturized
my skin looks so healthy
this makes me look so refreshed
it leaves my skin looking
my skin was so glowy
this is a nice-smelling light-weight serum that does a great job keeping my skin hydrated
it makes your skin firmer
my skin feels hydrated even though i only apply it once a day
this eye cream is everything!
my eye is hydrated
this cream is extremely hydrating
one thing i love about this is that it keeps the skin under my eyes hydrated throughout the day
very gentle cleanser that doesn't irritate or dry out my skin
this product gets my face hydrated
my skin is very clean after using
not super oily in feel.
i feel like my skin is squeaky clean afterwards
my skin felt as clean as if i had used an exfoliator
this leaves me very clean
the gel texture feels very nice
my face always feels refreshed
moisturizing enough that my skin doesn't feel tight
this has left my skin hydrated
leaves your face feeling clean
is gentle enough to help clear up my skin completely
skin feels great after cleansing, not stripped!
my skin feels clean and refreshed from using it.
leaves my skin very clean
leaves my face feeling clean
it's good- took my makeup off, rinsed clean.
i feel fresh after using it.
it cleans my skin super well without making it feel tight
supple when i'm done washing it
moisturized after using it
my skin feels so smooth
overall it leaves my skin clean
this leaves my skin clean
leaves my very very dry skin very supple
wake up feeling so moisturizer
my skin is so plumped
moisturized in the morning
wake up feeling well moisturized
it is difficult to find to find a mask that helps hydrate your skin
i do use this after tsubaki splash mask to keep my skin hydrated throughout the night
i live in a dry climate so this really helps my skin to stay moisturized
it hydrates my skin as i sleep especially needed after the black mask
it leaves skin smoother
can wake up without feeling the discomfort of dehydrated skin
it helps a lot to keep your skin hydrated when you don't have a major budget to use
this mask would always calm my skin down whenever i had texture issues
it moisturizes my sensitive and super dry skin.
hydrated when i wake up
refreshed in the morning
wake up with hydrated skin
my skin just got very oily during the day
this is deeply hydrating
my skin feels like a baby
feel itchy in a r
immediately my skin feels super hydrated
i love this night mask for really deep hydration.
leave the skin smooth
enter, boscia tsubaki deep hydration sleep mask.
i wake up with glowing, hydrated skin.
my skin clears up faster and stays hydrated.
keeps my skin from getting chapped
my skin feels really nourished
it makes my skin
when my skin seems super thirsty
im in love with this night mask by boscia-leaves my skin hydrated
it is super gentle and hydrating.
i love the smell and the hydration it leaves!
face feels ultra hydrated in the morning with a healthy glow
keeps it well hydrated
leaves your skin fully moisturized in the morning
it really hydrates my skin.
the next day my skin was moisturized
it looks so healthy now.
refreshed skin as well
my skin is getting oilier
really helps hydrate my face
after using this every night as my moisturizer for a month straight my skin stays hydrated
after using it my face feels super smooth
it is really thick
lightweight, gel feel, but rich hydration.
this is very hydrating
supple the next day
when your skin needs to be nice and hydrating!
you would think very hydrating my skin is still quite dry
it keeps my face feeing supple
this is really hydrating
my skin stay hydrated
it is very hydrating for me
great hydration for my dry skin you dont even feel you put a cream on while your skin is drinking up this blessed cream
how clean it leaves your skin
so light weight but cushiony!!
love this creme i feel like it will keep me hydrated
it gives my skin the moisture it needs
your skin will feel smooth
the product is extremely hydrating
one star deducted because its not very hydrating
it made me comfortable enough to skip the under eye concealer
t makes my skin feel fresh
i really like this moisturizer-it's light weight
better texture to my skin
my concealer definitely stays put
my skin is hydrated
moisturized to my combination skin
that my skin needs
very calming before bed
this moisturizer has really helped my skins texture
my skin feels smooth
my face feels so clean
my skin looks brighter and feels firmer.
my skin looks smoother...healthier.
my skin feels hydrated.
gives enough moisture to my skin thruout the day
my makeup looks so smooth in the morning
it does moisturize well.
it works well enough to make my skin feel hydrated
more hydrated than ever before
not oily/greasy feel like most moisturizers
moisturizes my skin without feeling to heavy
i too have oily skin, and this is perfect.
this is extremely hydrating
this is very hydrating
my skin looks flawless now.
i feel like my skin looks refreshed
except that my skin was well-hydrated
my skin is perfectly moisturized
absorbs super well on my very dry skin
am enjoying it while it lasts
it soaks in nicely
makes my skin very smooth.
it is very hydrating
the cream is very think with a gel like quality.
it keeps my skin hydrated all day long
my skin is hydrated
look how greasy my skin is
my skin has never felt so hydrated
my skin is smooth
my complexion is smoother
leaves it feeling hydrated
my skin is smoother
it leaves my skin hydrated without being greasy.
absorbs quickly, very hydrating.
provides just the right amount of moisture without feeling overly oily
makes my skin feel smooth
makes your skin feel so smooth
am perfectly okay with the scent
my skin is very moisturized
this product is so cool!
smoother my skin was
my skin looks firmer
leaves the skin feeling nourished
after using this face mask i feel my face hydrate
felt very clean afterwards
the mask felt cool
it leaves me feeling clean
my face feels super clean after using it
my facejust feels super smooth all around.
my face felt so refreshed
my skin looks/feels so smooth
it made my skin feel so fresh and clean after.
it leaves my skin so nice and smooth after.
my skin looks healthier
left my face feeling very clean
leaves my skin feel really clean
my combination skin with uneven texture feel smooth
my skin looks hydrated
this just made my skin feel refreshed
skin feels so tight
one of the only masks that i really feel is detoxifying my face
and my skin felt so clean and purified.
my skin felt fresh
makes you feel refreshed
it keeps your skin looking fresh
dehydrated skin really smooth
it purifies skin but is very gentle.
it leaves my skin clean
it also felt very moisturized to the point that i didn't even have to slather on moisturizer after
it left my face super smooth
it still feels tingly and tighter even now.
feels so smooth on the face.
i love that it is a gel cleanser as it leaves my skin super moisturized after
the scent also makes my skin feel super refreshed
this helps my skin feel clean without it stripping my face of good oils
it works so well on my very oily skin
it cleans my face very well
as well as hydrate my face
keeps my skin calm and under control.
strong enough to really clean my pores
it feels so smooth
my face feels clean
makes my skin feel smooth
i moisturize afterwards and my skin feels great.
how smooth my skin feels after
my skin was always clean
ready for moisturizer afterwards
i feel it cleaning my pores.
i absolutely love their intense hydrating cream
leaves my face feeling clean
but this gel cleaner is everything!
my skin feels refreshed after using.
find that this cleanser helped keep my skin clear
then really de-hydrated my skin
it keeps my skin clean
was able to calm my skin
my face feels so clean
it leaves your face feeling fresh and clean.
it really leaves my skin fresh
yet really cleans down inside my pores thoroughly
it gets rid of most of my oiliness which is nice.
cleans very well and my skin feels smooth
my skin looks brighter and more supple.
this is very hydrating
it is difficult to stay hydrated
after one use, my skin look bright and hydrated!
my skin is also soft and well hydrated.
my skin in the morning is smooth
in the morning my skin feels hydrated
my skin is supple
my skin is so smooth
supple in the morning
the feeling of my face against my pillow or the tingly
moisturized a lot…i´m more than satisfied…for sure i´ll buy it again
the next day my skin was moisturized
it is very hydrating
i actually went into sephora to get the glam glow thirsty mud hydrating mask
this mask is extremely hydrating
my skin feels rejuvenated
my skin is smoother
they rehydrate the under eye
super hydrating and the result stays.
find this very hydrating without being irritating to my eyes
the skin around my eyes feels very hydrated
this product is definitely hydrating
it's hydrating, soothing, and not too heavy.
keeping my under eye hydrated
my lips are so smooth
this eye cream is very soothing and hydrating.
helps smooth fine wrinkles
eye creams that really give a lot of moisture without feeling like an oil slick on my face
they stay hydrated longer throughout the day
i always feel like my eyes are hydrated
it provides amazing hydration around my eyes.
this eye cream is very hydrating
really soothes the eyes
my skin definitely feel moisturized
leaves my eye area moisturized
my eyes are moisturized, lighter, and plumper.
this is very hydrating
it still feels smooth
is super hydrated now
it keeps my skin hydrated over night after washing a days worth of oil
keeps the eye area hydrated
the cream itself is very smooth and cooling.
my skin feels and looks nourished, and healthy.
enjoy the beauty of healthy looking skin
remember oily skin needs hydration the most to combat it
great for post workout hydration.
my skin feels very hydrated in the am
this left my skin extremely moisturized
it does a great job at hydrating your skin without being too heavy or greasy
while my skin does look smoother
healthier my eyelashes look
so my skin is getting greasier
my skin just feel nourished and hydrated.
i find my lightweight spf moisturizers feel like enough during the day when i use this the night before
my skin feels amazing and is visibly hydrated.
this product really moisturizes throughout the entire day
absorbs nicely into skin without a greasy feeling
it makes my dry sensitive skin feel so smooth
this helps keep my skin super hydrated
my skin always looks hydrated now.
my skin is so supple and smooth.
my skin feels healthier!
my skin has never felt more hydrated
it's kept me moisturized
it leaves my skin feeling
looking more hydrated than before
my skin looks looks
it leaves my skin very moisturized throughout the day
after maybe 15minutes my face felt extremely moisturized
it is very hydrating
sometimes super hydrating products can break me out-
this gives my skin the hydration it needs
this was a little to hydrating for this season
my skin feels so soft and alive.
hydrated that i immediately wanted to buy
i used less makeup because my skin was hydrated.
my skin is super irritated
it moisturized so well!
i've pretty well hydrated throughout the day
makes my skin feel dewey
a pleasure to apply my super dry skin felt healed
this makes my skin so smooth!!
it was very hydrating
this clears up my skin and also moisturizes.
this is the perfect level of hydrating for me because i don't have dry or oily skin
smells good, very hydrating to the skin.
pricey but amazing to hydrate skin!
i think it does well to rehydrate the skin.
it allows my very dry skin to hydrate itself
remain hydrated for days
my face is super hydrated
made my face feel clean
found it to be quite hydrating
my skin feels so hydrated
it made my cheeks hydrated
keep my face hydrated yet not oily
it is the perfect amount of hydration
my skin looks healthier
worth it if you want that good hydrated skin
the results are smooth and supple skin.
stays hydrated all day long
it really makes my skin feel soft and hydrated.
my skin was so moisturized
then after washing it off my skin felt super supple
not overly hydrated to where my skin felt extra oily
my face is so smooth
my skin felt so rehydrated and soft after.
my skin felt immediately refreshed
makes your skin look plump
it makes me so relaxed
as much as i hydrate
this mask deeply moisturizes my skin
makes it feel smooth
my skin is back to being vibrant and healthy.
moisturized look i need to add a lot of moisture to my skin the night before to let my skin soak it all up
this product is one of my favorites when it comes to hydrating my skin
so hydrating and honestly amazing.
your skin feels so moisturized
supple after one use
after applying you feel a little cooling sensation/tingle
it helps smooth out my skin
this feels so hydrating on the skin.
to keep my skin hydrated as the clay masks can be a bit drying
hydrated like never before
this product makes my skin so smooth
it has definitely helped hydrate my skin this winter
skin feels the most hydrated it's ever been by morning
it treats my skin like a super drink of water for my skin
this mask made my skin look super healthy
or if i feel that my skin needs a moisture boost
i'd say it's moderately hydrating.
it smells amazing and softens my skin so much!
keeps my face moisturized all day!
it feels like a cooling mask
my skin looked smoother
it was very hydrated
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
makes my skin look
i feel like because my skin is moisturized
i wake up feeling hydrated
it's so thick in consistency or i use the fresh nutritious skin boost
this cream keeps my skin hydrated
it helps smooth out wrinkles
was in search of a night cream that would leave my face feeling hydrating
my skin still feels balanced
it makes my skin so smooth
dry skin not youthful young skin types
it goes on velvety smooth and is hydrating.
makes my skin feel so smooth
since then have been focusing on keeping my skin hydrated
this cream has really made my skin look smoother
it smells good and my skin always feels hydrated.
this one is much more hydrating
fluid never hydrating enough
everyday my skin looks firmer
i feel this is a super-hydrating cream
i feel using the vinepert firming cream
night infusion together at night give me incredibly smooth skin
my skin appears more youthful
is too hydrating for using at day with make up
i've noticed my skin is more hydrated
it is very hydrating
hydrate my under eyes a bit
plus, it really does moisturize.
keeps your skin looking and feeling fresh
fairly thick under eye moisturizer
leaves the skin around my eyes feeling pampered
my skin stays hydrated and comfortable.
this is a very clean
it works really well with the ren calm moisturizer for blemish prone skin
really cleanses the rest of the makeup residue off my skin
it leaves my skin refreshed
it feels very soothing
leaves you feeling clean
feels like it cleanses the skin
it leaves my face feeling clean
just to make sure my skin is super clean
my skin feels refreshed
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
keeps my skin beautifully hydrated without any shininess
it leaves my skin feeling super fresh
plus after using this i feel my skin is hydrated well
your skin is left feeling really clean
feels so smooth on my skin
is super easy to rinse off with just warm water
it really has improved my cleansing regimen
while still leaving my skin hydrated
leaves my skin feeling smooth
left my skin feeling fresh, clean, and balanced.
my face feels smoother
after rinsing my face it feels sooo clean
leaves my skin smooth
it left it feeling perfectly balanced
leaves it feeling moisturized
thinner in consistency than the boscia makeup breakup cool cleansing oil
this is a good cleansing oil, light in texture.
it glides on so smooth
makes it look so smooth
very hydrating for under eye area i recommend.
makes the skin under my eyes looks so smooth
moisturizer perfectly all day long
leaves skin feeling smooth
it delivers a very smooth appearance
it is deeply hydrating
the skin is smooth and poreless!
over all it give me a perfectly smooth complexion
it was smooth to the touch
it helps me feel more "natural"
keeps my skin looking flawless
feels so smooth afterward
this makes my skin smooth and flawless!
gives my skin a smooth finish
makes my skin smooth
it actually hydrated my face
my face stays hydrated all day
it's hydrating without being greasy
its a good lightweight face lotion that doesn't make you feel oily throughout the day
my skin feels so hydrated after i use this!
supple- fairly inexpensive- comes in a hygienic pump vs
feels super lightweight and smooth.
this lotion hydrates my skin perfectly all day without over-doing it or making my skin greasy
it wears nice under makeup and feels lightweight.
it does make the texture of my skin feel
have a hard time finding a lotion that is lightweight
my skin is so smooth
i feel my skin looks lightened
if you want hydration
leaves my face feeling comfortable all day
after a few weeks of use my skin feels moisturized
super smooth on the skin and lightweight.
it's lightly hydrating for my oily skin
perfectly prepped for the day
skin feels soooo clean after rinsing
really does feel detoxifying
glamglow thirsty mud depending on what i feel my skin needs
it looks like healthy
and my skin is so smooth.
i do think that this mask helps give your skin a healthy looking glow
it makes my skin so smooth
your skin is so smooth afterward
leaves my pores tight and thoroughly cleansed.
my brother loves this for cooling down his acne skin
makes your skin feel fresh and relaxed
when i rinse it off my skin feels amazing
that left my face feeling dehydrated
it calms my skin
leaves my skin feeling soooo clean
my skin was so smooth
my skin feels fresh
my skin is super smooth
my skin looked smoother
makes it so smooth
my face feels so smooth
it leaves your skin feeling so smooth
it leaves your skin absolutely soft and hydrated!
this mask delivers very smooth skin
my skin is smoother
my skin felt smoother
my skin looked "rejuvenated/refreshed".
my skin was perfectly clear
my skin is smoother
makes my skin feel healthy
my face felt refreshed which was nice
it leaves your skin smooth
fell in love" after the first use my skin felt so hydrated n smooth"
my skins looks smoother and cleaner.
my skin feels so refreshed
after using this my skin felt so clean
it feels so cooling
washing it off was so easy just like a spa experience
my skin feels hydrated the whole day.
my skin is so hydrated
my skin would feel super hydrated at first
after applying it in the morning it kept my skin hydrated throughout the day
it blends so well with my skin
smells and feels great plus skin looks refreshed
i've found it absorbs into my skin pretty well
i find that it moisturizes well enough for me
this product makes my skin look plump
wears it all the time w sunblock of course his skin is always soft
not super moisturing but still moisturizes
and it was moisturizes nicely.
i am not only concerned about moisturize under my eyes
it is always cold and always soothing.
the cool applicator feels nice
it keeps the eye area moisturized for the day
makes the under eye look smooth
the skin around my eyes is hydrated
it soothes my under eyes
wasn't as hydrating as i thought it'd be.
i blends very nicely into skin.
it feels so cool and refreshing!
my under eyes feel less puffy
kept everything looking hydrated
this eye cream gives my eyes such a refreshed look
i run the cool tip under my eyes to help with puffiness
found that my skin was smooth
my skin feel smooth too.
my skin's texture was so smooth
my skin is smooth
how refreshed i feel after my "facial
although it doesn't feel moisturized
really softens my skin
this mask still keeps you hydrated
it exfoliates and makes your skin so smooth.
gives my skin a very fresh
my skin now has a healthy glow
very quick job of cleaning my pores out
my skin felt smoother
this product makes me skin baby smooth
after using this mask my skin felt refreshed
my skin was supple
my skin feels smoother
it is so smooth
my skin looked so refreshed after i used it.
this day gel is very hydrating yet oil free.
it'd restore moisture my skin
my skin has been so healthy
the best thing is that the skin is kept hydrated all day
this literally gives me every ingredient my skin needs to keep me hydrated
my skin looked so dull
it may be a bit too nourishing in summer
keeping your skin hydrated
my skin felt so comfy
there is a difference between moisturized
it keeps my skin feeling hydrated all day.
my super dry skin starting feeling hydrated
flaky skin is refreshed
has nice minty feel and clean my skin good.
it cleans my face nicely
this cream is very hydrating
isn't greasy and really heals your skin.
my skin felt so smooth afterwards.
i like cleansers that don't make my skin feel tight
needed something to both nourish my skin
my skin feels clean and hydrated afterward.
your face feels so clean
it doesn't stay warm super long
left my skin moisturized
not red, it looked even and fresh and healthy.
still a fan of the balm
my skin is flawless
it leaves you feeling refreshed
i love that it leaves your skin feeling hydrated.
cleaned my face felt smooth
the following morning after my face wash my skin is very well hydrated
made my skin feel refreshed
my skin is still hydrated the next morning from my night cream
this mask is the most hydrating out of all of them
it really helps brighten the complexion of your skin
i felt my dehydrated overstressed skin sigh from relief
hydrated it will unquestionably help keep you skin looking young
wake up with hydrated
skin looks plumper and feels softer immediately
my skin is less hydrated
it really helps calm down
it really helped calm down hyperpigmentation
my skin would look tight
breakout-prone skin feels
after using this my skin was so refreshed
this mask makes my skin feel moisturized
my skin feels firmer
this is a great mask to make your face feel refreshed
made my skin look so fresh
10 minutes and i was back to hydrated !!
mufe step 1 mattifying primer really dried my skin out
gives my skin moisture
my face fully hydrated with a glowing
this stuff hydrated my face overnight
it has kept my skin hydrated
feel your skin looking healthier
my skin looked smoother
face felt smooth and moisturized after using.
the outcome was my skin looking refreshed
my skin feels tight and hydrated.
my skin looked hydrated
it is extremely hydrating
this eye cream is so light
refreshed feeling in my skin
my skin felt lovely and hydrated after using it.
refreshed feeling it gives me
it definitely plumps up my skin
always wake up with bright hydrated more even skin
i leave my gel in the frig to get the nice soothing cooling sensation
it seems my skin heals so quick
the gel consistency still has a cool feeling when applied
my skin was hydrated
this is not super hydrating for my super dry flakey skin
my skin looks more healed
your skin feels refreshed in the morning
it is so hydrating too
it is so soothing
it keeps my skin fresh
it helps keep my skin from looking dull.
i really like the way is cleanses without stripping my skin of moisture
people give compliments about looking refreshed
vibrant even while i'm working my hectic career haha it melts a lot of the stress off of my face of 27/28 years
it makes my skin feel very smooth
it thoroughly cleanses my skin
my skin is clean
to keep my skin looking
this cleansing gel is a nice thick consistency
leaves face feeling moisturized
my skin feels balanced
it makes my face feel very silky afterwards
makes my skin so smooth
it made my skin feel very clean
is easy to rinse off
a deep clean that moisturizes
rejuvenates the look of your skin
which makes for a really nice pre-bedtime routine
it is so smooth and hydrating for my skin.
feels so amazingly smooth
keep it supple throughout the day
leaves my face feeling clean
my skin is so smooth
my skin felt nice and clean after.
it leaves my face feeling very clean and healthy.
this is a very nice cleansing gel
this cleanser leaves my very oily skin feeling very clean
i've found it needs a lot of water to lather properly
it leaves my skin very smooth and clean.
my face feels like it has moisturizer on after it
it has a nice rich foam that leaves your skin feeling so clean
you can feel it smoothing
gets my skin very clean
this face wash leaves your face feeling refreshed
this cleanser left my skin feeling refreshed
it leaves my skin so clean
helps plump the skin
moisturized in the morning
for skin firmness this is a good mask
my skin feels so hydrated
i awake with perfectly smooth
my face looked healthy
my skin feels younger.
it actually feels weightless
this product is great for my dehydrated skin that's always in sun or air conditioning
the finish is natural/skin like.
i love to keep it natural
it is very hard to keep skin hydrated
it stays on my skin
look super healthy yet flawless
my skin feels comfortable using this product
my skin looks flawless all day
keeps my skin well hydrated too!
that it feels so weightless on my skin
this product makes my skin look fresh
yet leaving my face moisturized
my skin looks younger and feels smoother.
my skin is so much more hydrated
feel of foundation on my skin
it creates this smooth flawless skin finish
really like the way my skin looks naturally dewy with out a heavy makeup look
this is a great compliment to my overall look my skin seems to be being moisturized throughout the day
has a very natural finish
feels moisturized all day
and it gives my skin plenty of moisture.
this lightweight foundation covers well yet looks so natural plus a bit dewy
it evens out my skin perfectly
stays a matte finish all day
definitely recommend for people with oily skin!!
makes your skin feel alive again
my skin feels refreshed
my skin feels so smooth now
my skin feel instantly more awake
my skin appears firmer
oil that soaks right in with a smooth texture.
getting compliments on my skin
the oil is pretty good for hydration
balanced my oily skin so well.
my skin feels smooth
every morning i wake up with beautiful moisturized skin
lots of hydration for tired or dull skin--rose is incredibly brightening
my skin is getting smoother and lighter everyday.
it works so wonderfully to hydrate my dull/tired skin
it's so hydrating i still feel hydrated after i wash my face
night on my hormonally rough
so lightweight, and makes my skin feel amazing.
the next morning my skin feels so moisturized
hydrated in the morning
my skin was so healthy
because you can feel how your face gets nourished
my skin always looks nourished
my skin was smooth and smelt good.
really feel well moisturized and hydrated!
plumps up the skin because it feels hydrated
this is hydrating yet not greasy.
it feels good to put on, and it's very hydrating.
hydrating in a soothing, calming sense.
hydrating that area really nicely as well
makes the skin so glowy
if feels nice on the skin and applies smoothly.
it does hydrate some.
it keeps my eye area moist
it moisturized my eyes very nicely
hydrating so the eye area feels nourished
very hydrated without feeling greasy or too heavy
this was recommended to me at sephora for an eye cream that gives a lot of hydration
good enough , hydrating, nice smell.
works well at hydrating
my under eye area always feels so hydrated
keeping skin hydrated prevents it from looking aged
moisturized throughout the whole day
i find the level of hydration to be perfect.
it keeps my under eye skin supple all day long.
the cream is very hydrating.
very good hydrating product.
love this under eye cream, it is so hydrating!
it leaves my under eye feeling so hydrated.
it helps my concealer go on a lot smoother
it gives enough hydration to my eye area
it is so cooling, soothing, and hydrating.
my eyes haven't felt so hydrated before!
my skin under my eye looks healthier
just healthy hydrated skin!
it is really hydration my eye.
my eye area is so much more moisturized
it made my under eyes feel hydrated
very hydrating and smells great.
left your skin feels hydrated
i feel my skin hydrated
it keeps my eyes very hydrating.
it's just for hydrating.
my eyes feels hydrated.
bags are gone very hydrating as well
it's very light gel texture
if you want hydrated
the gel is very refreshing
my eyes feel instantly hydrated
the cream is really comfortable
my eyes feel so much more hydrated now
the gel feels cool
it does moisturize the eye area well
does a good job of deeply hydrating my under eyes
hydrating enough to get rid of the dryness without irritating my skin
keeps the area around my eyes so moisturized
light and non-greasy, but so hydrating.
it is helping keep my eyes moisturized
i feel hydrated all day
very hydrating and has a cooling effect
its really great at keeping my skin moisturized
it really does keep me feeling moisturized all day
it feel instantly moisturized
makes my eye area feel very supple
very hydrating when puts on immediately
the gel feels so cooling
the skin around my eyes feels completely hydrated all day
hydrating, great for both day and night.
the second moisture patch is really calming
it leaves your nose feeling clean
that thing soothes your skin
very good at pulling out blackheads from my nose definitely a good buy if you love skincare products it was a little drying for my nose
the after gel was super soothing
the wet patch is definitely really soothing
it definitely cleaned my pores out
my skin was so smooth and tight.
it helps hydrate well
the night cream is very hydrating
when you wash it off your skin feels so silky smooth
this is an excellent exfoliator that doesn't scrub me dry
more moisturized the day after using it
i did have a cold tingly feeling though afterward for a little
i can really feel my skin being thoroughly cleaned
my skin feels smoother
my skin is super smooth right after use
left my skin so nourished
it was very tingly
my face feels so clean
yet ends on a cleansing oil note that leaves skin refreshed
it made it feel breathable and clean.
bumpy my skin felt
my skin feels fresh
i love feeling it work leaves my skin feeling super clean
leaves my skin very clean.
cleans my skin so well
leaves my face feeling smooth, helps clear acne
just make sure you moisturize extra morning
made my skin feel clean
the oil element just moisturizes so much
the oil cleanser is just enough for me to feel super clean
this mask helps me clean my pores out
makes my skin feel fresh
the blue can be a little too hydrating for my super oily skin
i definitely felt refreshed
my skin felt refreshed
a bit of exfoliation makes my skin feel wonderfully smooth
it leaves my skin so clean feeling
my skin feels so smooth
my skin is smooth
keeps it looking smooth
it leaves my skin really smooth
keeps your skin moist
makes my skin very smooth and even-toned.
keeping my skin full of moisture
i can still feel the moisture on my skin
definitely leaves my eye area hydrated
love how cooling it feels
looks as if the skin is lighter
it feels cooling on my eye area
it seems to be quite hydrating
i can feel it tightening the skin.
so the intense tingling is totally bearable
makes skin super smooth
you feel a cool feeling on your skin
it leaves my skin smooth
noticed my skin looked supple after one use
definitely toned down the discoloration as well
my skin was smoother
my skin is so baby smooth
my skin doesn't look as dehydrated as before.
it feels sooo clean
you can feel a more smooth texture of your skin.
wake up with super bright healthy skin a must try get samples
the less tingly it will feel over time
it left my skin feeling deeply clean
was careful to moisturize after
my skin feels tingly
it left my skin feeling super smooth
the very next morning my acne scars looked lighter
it is so nicely exfoliating
it helps my complexion
i also felt moisturized after
so fresh and rejuvenated and so smooth!!
my skin feels so smooth
i think the tingling/burning feeling is so satisfying
while rinsing it off i could feel the difference in my skin
it feels good while smoothing it on my face
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed
my skin is smoother
taut feeling all over my face
my skin always feels smooth
refreshed after using it
my skin feels smooth
it helps clean out pores
it noticably exfoliates my skin
makes it feel smooth
ntensively exfoliating afterwards my skin feels baby smooth
this left my skin feeling so smooth.
i constantly get complimented on my skin
it leaves my skin feeling smooth and fresh.
my face is so smooth
it leaves my skin feeling super fresh and clean.
it foams up so nicely.
on top of that your skin still feels hydrated afterwards
i love the way my face feel clean after i use this cleaner
it leaves my face clean and comfortable.
just clean, smooth and balanced.
s toner just to get the skin clean this does it perfectly with out the wipes
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin thoroughly cleaned and pores tight
this one does leave your skin feeling supple
it cleanses really well
leaves the skin very smooth
refreshed i use it every morning
perfect for my very oily skin
really leaves my face feeling clean
-gentle-smells better than purity in my opinion-does clean face of makeup
this cleanser is perfect for me i'm pretty oily
it leaves my skin feeling moisturized without the oiliness
my face didn't require much at all to feel perfectly moisturized
leaves your skin moisturized
my skin looked hydrated and more awake.
my skin looks smooth
moisturized even on -40 windchill days
i’m all smooth and hydrated - yay!
feels on my skin
this cream was very thick
my whole complexion looks refreshed
by morning my skin is hydrated
when i use it at night i wake up with glowing hydrated skin
in the past i didn't put enough emphasis on hydrating my skin because of the oiliness
my face stays hydrated
supple throughout the whole day
it can leave a dewy/oily finish since it is quite moisturizing
it wakes my skin up with all the nutrients it provides
moisturizers have always left me under hydrated or greasy
from my short experience it was very hydrating leaving my skin looking refreshed
it makes my skin feel so smooth
this seems to be a bit mattifying
felt my skin drink it in fast
it absorbs into the skin very well without leaving a greasy/heavy feel
it's light but hydrating.
some serums can feel a little bit drying
leaves my skin so smooth
my skin looks so fresh
it helps my skin be plump
its very light weight and not oily.
it seems as though nothing is hydrating enough
my face is super smooth and redness has gone.
my skin seems smoother and more supple.
it has really helped soothe my irritated winter skin
concealer i can feel the eye area is firmer already
it makes my face so smooth
it makes my face so smooth
i feel like it makes my skin look very hydrated
my skin feels smoother
leaves skin feeling smooth
my skin is smoother
i do expect it to make my skin look healthy
i love cleansing oils because i feel they are the most gentle
my skin feels smooth
this instantly hydrates my thirsty skin
this the only eye cream that makes my eye area stay moisturized all day
soaks into my skin nice
i feel hydrated all day
my concealer sits better too
it is the perfect amount of hydration.
well rested i look
it gives me the hydration i need
smells nice, moisturizes well and dries quickly.
my skin looked smoother
just moist supple skin
it moisturizes for sure
light weight, but really hydrating.
make sure to moisturizer after!
it was a bit tingly/burny feeling
even seems to have a hydrating effect on my skin
i find i don't need my normal moisturizer after this because it leaves my skin very moisturized
acne prone matured dehydrated skin
it just makes your skin feel so clean and fresh.
am happy to report that my skin stays completely soft because of the exfoliation
skin texture is smoother
it was a bit too invigorating
the micropolish works perfectly to smooth out any roughage around my nose
after using this my skin felt refreshed
my skin feels tighter
once i moisturize, i'm good.
it made my skin feel so smooth
my skin looked smooth
smooth it looks now
it does make your face feel refreshed
while using it as directed it feels like your skin is being exfoliated
my face feels flawless afterwards
great supple skin after
amazingly in one minute this facial treatment renders your skin firmer
it makes my skin look fresh
it smells divine and makes my skin feel so awake.
it leaves my skin so smooth
really brightens up my skin
it makes my skin look smooth
hydrated all day/night long
this one is very soft and heal my skin so good.
it feels so cooling
hydrated layer on your face
this creme sure works
my skin feels so smooth
i can feel my skin smooth
it really moisturizes my face without leaving it greasy
my skin instantly feels more supple
it is also super hydrating
both are very hydrating
keeping my skin moisturized
was surprised how supple
my skin does feel smoother.
it feels so natural.
my skin felt plump
it makes my skin so smooth.
i helps me build my hydration for the day
this product hydrate my skin so good.
my skin is smoother
it's moisturise and absorb really quick.
it makes your skin look smoothy and healthy.
my skin feels smooth
my skin feels so healthy.
the texture is smooth and very hydrating.
it makes my skin look so bright and healthy.
it feels so smooth
my face was so hydrated
it seems to keep my skin from looking greasy
i think it may gently exfoliate as well
my skin is smooth and deeply nourished!!!!
my skin feels tighter
my skin is smoother
my face is healthy
overall this is a great all around hydrating serum that has really helped my dry dehydrated skin
it sure does keep it hydrated all day
this product has totally helped my skin heal
my skin looked more hydrated
my skin is always hydrated now
my face felt hydrated
my skin just looks healthier
and it balances my skin too.
this moisturizer really soothes my skin
makes my skin look younger
you can tell your skin is hydrated afterwards
my skin feels moisturized all day
i wake up with my skin feeling healthy
my skin was super hydrated
which is my fave for dehydrated/dull skin
it feels so soothing while on
it leaves your skin baby smooth
if you like genuinely hydrating
it also feels nourishing at the same time.
leaves my skin feeling almost like it has been moisturized already too
i follow it with a gentle face cleanser because this stuff provides a bit more moisture than my skin needs
this leaves my skin supple
it leaves my skin clean
you must use warm water to ensure that it works properly
leaves my skin feeling super fresh
feel of my skin after cleansing
i don't feel like i'm rubbing off all the natural stuff my skin needs to be healthy
our skin comes out so clean
i smooth it on
i feel like it just melts the make up off while also moisturizing my skin
your skin will look supple and renewed.
i like how it makes my skin feel hydrated after using it
after i clean my face, it feels softer.
i feel like i have pretty polar combination skin running from super oily in some spots
moisturized as well as clean
it does leave my skin feeling softer after i rinse it off
my skin feels so smooth and moisturized.
was comfortable trying the genius cleanser
leaves your skin soft and nourished.
it leaves my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
my skin feels thoroughly clean after using this
nourishing lashes as well
totally unique gel/oil/milky cleanser that really takes it all off
imparts the most comfortable layer of hydration upon the skin after use
all oil cleansers leave my face feeling moisturized instead of tight
it will feel like it isn't washing clean
massaging is on my face is so relaxing
i love how it cleans and leaves my face feeling.
this leaves my face so smooth
it becomes a cream that is very hydrating
my face feels clean
you can instantly feel the hydration
feel of this eye cream
it was so smooth
my eyes look far more refreshed and rested.
you need very little to feel that your eyes have been moisturized
i wake up with hydrated smoother plump eye area
my under eye area is more hydrated
it's very hydrating on my dry skin an really sinks in so my concealer
it doesn't feel super hydrating.
therefore making concealer really crease
my skin feels supple
know my skin is getting the proper hydration now
made me less self conscious about my complexion.
my skin feels comfortable
leaves my skin feeling so refreshed
my skin is smoother
leaves my face feeling hydrated
the gel is so gentle
my skin feels so smooth
moisturized after with a nice
i find that this cleanser is amazing at getting hydration back into my skin
this product has completely rehydrated my skin
my skin feels clean after i use this
your skin will feel hydrated
so moisturized i have acne prone skin
i love how hydrating it is
rinses so easily with warm water
leaves my skin feeling clean
your face will feel very clean and moisturized.
looking to fight wrinkles by keeping skin moisturized
this cleanser is so gentle
helping my face feel clean
it leaves your skin feeling very balanced
my skin felt so smooth and refreshed.
feels great on my very oily skin.
my face feels clean
after cleansing with this my face feels moisturized
it works really well at removing my waterproof makeup
this cleanser leaves my skin perfectly moisturized
my skin felt smooth and refreshed.
this cleanser definitely left my skin feeling clean with no residue
my skin felt soft and clean and hydrated.
leaves my skin clean and moisturised.
leaves it feeling smooth
this one leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves a greasy feeling
it is so gentle on skin
it leaves skin feeling to soft and hydrated.
clean my skin felt
leaves my skin feeling clean
for clarity, i have dehydrated skin.
i love that this was jelly to oil because it moisturized my face so well
makes your skin feel squeaky clean
moisturized without being greasy
it leaves my skin feeling so moisturized after i've washed it off which is surprising
i gave this product a 4 because it does hydrate the under eye so well
it still does a pretty good job at keeping my eyes hydrated
-out-there--i've found this retinol eye cream very good
sunburned my face way too much in the past as well as not properly moisturizing my face when i was younger
my skin feels refreshed
maintains the plumpness i think
it leaves my skin feeling very moisturized
this gives my skin moisture
the murad wipes have pretty much replaced my cleanser
it seems very moisturizing without leaving my skin feeling greasy
feels much more hydrated
finally my skin is hydrated
this product really moisturizes my skin
keeps me feeling hydrated
my makeup goes on smooth
hydrated like the rest of my skin
hyalo gives my skin perfect moisture level without making it greasy
because the skin surface is so smooth
i love how lightweight this product is considering how uber hydrating it is
it is like a gel texture that just absorbs nicely into the skin
my skin is super smooth
as someone with oily skin i am wary of very hydrating products
my skin remained hydrated throughout the day
my skin feels smoother
it keeps me hydrated all day
leaves my skin feeling refreshed in the morning
definitely hydrates your skin
i don't mind stickiness as long as my face is moisturized
this mask does what it says- it's definitely hydrating
my skin feels great after rinsing it off in the morning
when used at night it felt very hydrating for my face
my skin is hydrated
my skin looks healthy
5/5 this is my favorite hydrating sleeping mask
this night mask my skin is hydrated
no matter the conditions this mask always hydrates my skin perfectly
hydrated without looking or feeling greasy
though i do feel that is hydrating as well its a bit heavy for me
it is so soothing and very hydrating.
hydrated skin in the morning with this on
a really hydrating and calming mask.
it's so hydrating and gentle!!
when i wake up my skin is so moisturized
keeps skin moisturized throughout the whole day afterwards too
was in need of something super hydrating
hydrated after using it
my skin feels refreshed after i use it
this does what it says help with hydrating your skin
it thoroughly moisturizes my skin
it really improves my texture
my skin feels great and hydrated in the morning.
my skin felt so hydrated
it hydrates my skin so well
i wake up with supple moisturized skin.
my skin felt so hydrated
i really struggle in the winter time with keeping my skin healthy
it hydrates so well
i find that it makes the skin moisturized without making it look shiny
this stuff keeps my cheeks moisturized
in the winter i think it does a great job of keeping my skin moisturized
it's good to keep my face moisturized
this cream is so thick and smooth i love it!!!
i wake up to moisturized, bright skin.
my skin is so moisturized
hydrated there is a constant glow to my skin
you wake up with a refreshed feel
this made my skin hydrated
keeps my skin looking refreshed
hydrated the next day
my face felt plump
this is a great hydrating mask for dry skin
i can actually feel my skin rehydrating.
it is very hydrating
with 1 overnight treatment i saw a huge difference: my skin was hydrated
this is stuff is insanely hydrating
wake up looking hydrated
i feel moisturized and glowy!
i woke up with my skin feeling hydrated
my skin already feels very hydrated
this mask rejuvenates my skin
i always feel refreshed after i use this
i feel hydrated when i wake up
my skin was ridiculously dehydrated
this keeps my skin hydrated all day long
also my face always feels so moisturized
plus my skin is feels
the finish is non greasy, very natural and matte.
it keeps it sufficiently moisturized
it cleans my skin thoroughly
it leaves my skin feeling soft and hydrated.
left my skin feeling fresh
my skin feels clean
left my skin feeling fresh
does not feel taut aftwards
my skin feels clean
also left my skin super smooth
my skin looks and feels so smooth and supple.
it rinses away very clean
i believe it clean my skin perfectly
it feels like water
it makes my skin smoother
it leaves your face feeling clean.
i really enjoy this face cleanse.
this cleanser leaves your skin feeling clean
how clean it leaves my skin feeling
i find it brightens my skin a bit as well
leaves my skin feeling very clean
makes my face feel squeaky clean
it leaves the skin fresh and clean.
leaves you skin feeling clean.
my skin feels clean after using it
i am very satisfied with the radiance cleansing foam
it balances very well for me with the acne fighting moisturizer
leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin does not feel tight after washing it with this
this is way better than the foaming "pefectly clean" by estee lauder
leaves your skin feeling moisturized
this gel makes my skin look
still makes my skin feel very clean
it cleanses nicely doesn't feel like it dries my skin out
my skin is more youthful and i love how it feels.
this is a very good foaming cleanser that feels somewhat creamy
the best hydrating mask, hands down!
my skin felt very hydrated
my skin felt very moisturized
i wake up in the morning feeling super hydrated
it's light-weight but so hydrating.
my skin feels smooth not greasy in the morning
my skin looks nourished
it made my face feel hydrated at night
it leaves my skin feeling very refreshed
my skin always feels smoother
it also makes my skin look so smooth
my face looked hydrated
my skin felt hydrated
it hydrates really well
i still needed the hydration
the red of my face was so hydrated
the skin looks healthier
this mask leaves me son feeling super hydrated without any side effects
it quenches my skin all night
left it very supple in the morning
wake up to very supple
under eye hydration was 100% better
i mean, soft, plump and hydrated.
hydrated like it never had before
it does look healthier more hydrated definitely a must have
it has smooth out my texture.
it was a very cooling sensation
my skin was never properly moisturized.
this left my face feeling hydrated
it works really well my skin was very hydrated
my skin look significantly mor hydrated
my under eye area more plump with hydration
my face feels really hydrated!
this does not feel hydrating
it leaves me super hydrated
this is a great mask to give your face a boost in moisture when it's feeling or looking dehydrated
hydrated the next morning
hydrated skin that glows
this one did a nice job hydrating
hydrated when i applied it
refreshed it looked like i was well-rested
and my pores feel clean too
t keeps my skin hydrated
my skin was really hydrated
it's very important to protect your skin from sun damage
it feels light weight and amazing!
my skin seems hydrated
it kept my face moisturized without making it more oily
my skin feels hydrated
my skin is more hydrated
keeps my skin hydrated all day long!
my skin still feels moisturize the next morning
this serum makes your skin feel super hydrated.
this serum keeps my face very hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling healthy
the skin feels so smooth
nourishing without being greasy
leaves my skin feeling instantly firmer
my face looks well rested smooth
surprisingly this serum made my face as if i had enough sleep
the gel texture is nice with out feeling too sticky
just felt super cakey the rest of the day
my skin feel lot happier, smooth and plumped!
my skin both looks
keeping me looking hydrated
my skin feels smoother
making my skin more youthful
leaves my skin hydrated all day and primed.
i loved how hydrated my skin felt with out feeling to greasy
it looks healthy and youthful.
this product has done a great job of making sure those areas stay moisturized throughout the day
reapplying it over foundation isn't good.
this product seems to help keep it hydrated
it does hydrate my skin
it leaves my skin hydrating
when skin is hydrated
result : moisturized, glowy skin !!!
it hydrates it so perfectly
this works to keep my skin hydrated
balm or cream that makes my face feel as hydrated
my skin always feels refreshed
i wasn't sure about the oiliness of the product
my skin feels infused with moisture
this is my go-to moisturizer when my skin is stressed or irritated
it definitely provides intense hydration all day long
this is a great winter balm for lips
at this time of year, my skin craves hydration.
my skin feels and looks healthy and clean.
removes makeup and skin feels fresh .
skin feels smooth, toned and cool.
supple after the rinse
this product does clean the skin well
i feel comfortable not rinsing after this product
it leaves my skin smooth
breathable after taking my makeup off
it gives my skin a supple hydrated feeling
it cleanse well and leaves my skin very moist.
eyes so getting eye makeup especially mascara is a pain
my skin is looking
it really cleans all the cleaner
leaves my skin feeling refreshed after
it's hydrating and lightweight and lasts so long.
it leaves my skin smooth and refreshed.
leave your skin clean
it smells fresh and clean too.
it cleans very well, no burning sensation.
it really cleans you but is super gentle!
cleansing routine or in the morning as a cleanser when my skin is fairly clean
my face feels 100x healthier.
so finding a make up remover that is gentle
it doesn't strip the skin of the sebum which keeps it healthy
it definitely super-cleans my skin better than just using a foaming cleanser
my skin feels cleaner if i rinse it off
it left my skin feeling smooth
it leaves your skin feeling clean
helps to keep my skin balanced n toned.
i feel like i wake up with extra moisturized
hydrated my skin feels in the morning
that way in the morning your skin is hydrated
my skin looked smoother and felt firmer.
it leaves your skin feeling smooth
my skin is tight
exfoliating my face it felt amazing my skin was super hydrated
my skin is smooth
it looks healthy and seems to even be firmer.
my skin isn't as refreshed in the mornings
supple when i wake up in the morning
i still have a thin layer of moisturizer which feels great when i'm washing my face
really helps plump your skin up
my skin looks smoother
my skin feels tight in the morning
it absorbs really nicely into the skin.
this product instantly hydrated
looks refreshed even when i haven't slept well
people have complimented me on looking refreshed
skin is plumper, smoother, and calmer.
it does make my skin look "fresh"
my face looks baby smooth
immediately my skin felt so smooth
my skin felt very smooth, clear and airy (?)
clarity are visibly supple
hydrated upon waking up
this "mask" is super emollient and very thick.
feels just a tad greasy to the touch
my skin feels firmer
every morning i wake up with supple skin
it feels very moisturizing even when i wake up in the morning
skin is well moisturized overnight.
leaving my skin hydrated with the non oily texture
the next day my skin is smooth and well hydrated.
you wake up with a refreshed, dewy look.
it moisturizes so well and is very gentle.
my face looks fresher
i feel so clean and fresh.
perfectly balanced all day
our skin looks more rejuvenated
i really like that this is fast absorbing leaving the skin silky smooth
this makes my face look relaxed.
notice my skin looks smoother
it helped my very oily skin become smooth
it really softens my expression lines
it has a nice cooling effect on my skin afterwards
leaves it feeling clean
it makes my skin feel smoother
it leaves me feeling fresh.
this mud to foam cleanser works wonderfully for my skin
my skin feels supple
your face feels so clean
my skin feels super fresh
your face will look and feel fresh.
it seemed to really help soothe redness
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
my skin felt cleaner
after moisturizer your skin texture will bounce back
that my acne scars are really starting to heal
with a fresh clean feeling
my skin feels so smooth
it cleans my skin and detoxifies it so well!
this makes my skin feel so clean
this is the only cleanser that truly cleans my skin the way i need it to be cleaned
this cleanser always left me feeling clean
this cleanser is really amazing i have oily skin
it makes my face feel clean
my face feels so smooth
it leaves your skin feeling amazing:
i see my skin is super clean
it helps with keeping your skin look fresh
this definitely plumps my skin to look dewy
love this oil for my dehydrated skin!
i can feel the moisture
makes my face feel smooth
it's supremely hydrating now that dry winter air is already starting to mess with my skin
my skin is baby smooth
it only soothes my skin
it leaves my skin so soft amd hydrated.
has a nice gentle lather with some water
leaves my skin smooth
just to make my skin more nourished
my face felt smooth
i've noticed my oily/combination skin is more hydrated
my skin is smoother
not foaming, but it does feel nourishing.
i think it helps to keep my pores clean.
this cleanser makes my skin feel clean
after rinsing my face has a refreshed cooling effect
this makes my skin feel clean and refreshed.
i love the cooling effect an the smell your left with is so relaxing
rinse with cool water
which i feel this cleanser has helped with
know this cleanser cleanses good
i love how clean my skin feels after rinsing it
my skin always feels very clean
your skin feels amazingly fresh
feel that this cleanses well without stripping my skin
my face feels clean
my skin has never felt so hydrated
supple without leaving my skin feeling greasy
my skin feels very smooth as well.
it moisturized well and absorbed quickly.
it is the only moisturizer i've ever had that makes my face feel so refreshed
my skin feels so balanced
i now how perfectly smooth
my skin is super soft and hydrated!
this moisturizer makes my skin feel smooth
my skin feels very smooth
this product has not only moisturized my face
it keeps my skin hydrated all day long
leaves my slightly dry skin feeling so refreshed
it does a pretty good job of moisturizing the dry parts of my face
it doesn't keep it as hydrated as i like
it really is amazingly hydrating
it keeps me hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling plump
my skin feels hydrated
still manages to give my skin the moisture it needs
it leaves me feeling hydrated and cool.
keeps skin hydrated but does not get greasy.
it moisturizes so well and smells good!
it hydrates the rest of my skin well
very good moisturizer for combination skin.
it is so light weight and hydrating.
has been keeping my face moisturized while my acne continues to heal
leaves your face feeling smooth
this product is very hydrating
or just a very natural smell
lotion it feels so good
is lightweight yet still moisturizes like a heavy cream
makes your skin feel so re-hydrated
my skin looks healthier.
it's lightweight and leaves my skin feeling nice.
it gives the skin moisture without the greasy feeling that i've experienced with most products
this helps her skin to stay hydrated
this moisturizes pretty well
makes your face smooth
i really liked how philosophy one was lightweight yet still so moisturizing
i wished they moisturized more
it makes me look awake
very hydrating, and it really brightens!
it seems to keep them hydrated all day
definitely helps with hydration and dark circles!
it seems to hydrate well
it makes my eyes brighten and hydrating.
i also want them to be hydrating
my eyes look refreshed
deeply moisturized my face
it leaves skin clean and refreshed.
leaves my skin clean
i still double cleansed as my skin felt very comfortable
leaves my skin hydrated
i do love that my face feels more hydrated than when i use my regular cleanser
my skin feels so clean
my face feels very clean
my face feels smooth afterwards
it was easy to massage in
my skin felt so clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves me feeling refreshed
my skin feels so smooth
very soothing for my skin
i feel that this product calms my skin.
i also look for products that are going to keep my skin hydrated to prevent premature wrinkles
love how it leaves my skin so smooth.
it really makes your skin smooth
this product leaves my skin feeling
it has kept my face moisturized during the winter
it was so hydrating my skin loved it
i also love that it rinses off pretty well with water
leaves my skin clean
my skin feels so smooth
leaves me with an intense amount of hydration
my skin is hydrated throughout the night
a more youthful look to your skin
sinks into your skin quick making it feel instantly hydrated
the protocol seem to have made my skin more supple
and it's a great cuticle oil as well.
this product would be ideal for combo/oily skin as doesn't offer much hydration for my normal/dry skin
it absorbs so nicely into my skin
it leaves my skin hydrated for so long!
my skin was so moisturized
when i wake up my skin looks very hydrated
wake up with supple
and both wake up wonderfully hydrated skin.
still i am hydrated
it makes my skin looking healthy
make my skin feel heavy
my skin is so smooth.
how fresh my skin is looking
it keeps my skin hydrated
moisturized the whole day
it is so nourishing
it is extremely hydrating without causing your skin to feel oily or clogged
it has also hydrated the rest of my skin
my skin feels like a baby's bottom.
wake up with super hydrated and even skin.
my skin feels so pampered.
this winter i have been struggling to keep it moisturized
it keeps my skin hydrated
healthy looking plus it healed
this is so hydrating!
my skin is so smooth
am amazed at how hydrating
this product is great because while it's very hydrating
this is going to smooth the skin
felt often not moisturized enough
keeps my skin hydrated all day
my skin looks healthy
i feel as if my skin looks more moisturized.
this leaves me moisturized
it really feels so hydrating/moisturizing like it sinks deep into the skin to quench dryness
just looks so healthy
preps the skin so nicely for my moisturizer or night cream
my skin feels more hydrated and less congested.
my skin is now so smooth
my skin is noticeably refreshed
it made my skin feel tight
my skin is hydrated and smoother.
my skin feels smoother
my skin does look more awake
improved the texture of my skin helping with the dryness
comfortable under a night moisturizer
my skin was smooth
obviously anything with 12% glycolic acid is going to make your skin baby soft
my skin looks so clean
smoothed out my skin for sure
my skin was smoother
it left my skin so smooth
my skin felt so tight
my skin has such a healthy glow now
it makes my skin
skin has a better texture
my skin was smooth
salicylic acids worked really well for my skin
my skin looks so healthy and glowy.
after 2 days my skin is smooth like a baby.
my skin definitely looks so pure and healthy.
i instantly notices my skin felt hydrated
my skin was super smooth also!
i still follow up with a moisturizer because i like feeling nourished
leaves my face feeling clean
refreshed without any dryness or irritation
it has a very rich lather
i've always wanted a cleanser that gently cleans
leaving your skin feeling so clean
my skin feels clean
i find this cleanser makes my skin super happy!
it's calming and keeps my skin smooth.
does a great job of thoroughly cleansing the skin
this gets your skin so clean
clean your skin is
it definitely leaves the skin feeling clean
t's like using a very thick cleansing milk if it makes any sense
leaves your skin feeling clean
not to mention it is jam packed with healthy goodness for the skin
cleanses without making my skin feel tight
also my skin looks more hydrated young
made my skin feel tight
tight if i don't moisturize immediately
my skin was smoother
it lathers up nicely
super clean feel with out the tight dehydrated feel most cleanser give
leaves my skin feel clean
it's gentle but cleanses really well.
the bar lathers up nicely
it does help calm down my skin
which makes it feel like i am washing my face with some moisturizer
my skin looks so healthy
my face feels clean
my skin looks calm
refreshed after using this
it leaves my skin feeling clean
which i'm sure is because of the gentle ingredients
my skin looks super clear
it lathers up nicely
leaves my skin feeling cleansed
refreshed after using this
this bar left my face feeling hydrated after cleansing
my skin is smooth
it leaves my skin feeling clean
i love using this bar after a sweaty workout
i feel like the gritty texture really cleans
uses it as well on his very oily skin
this cleanser is really for everyone from oily to super dry
my skin doesnt need heavy exfoliation so this works great for me
also love the clean feel it leaves my skin.
wake up with hydrated
this product leaves my skin feeling fresh
it perfectly exfoliates my skin
this makes my skin feel so smooth
leaves my face feeling smooth
it leaves my skin feeling squeaky clean ready for the day
cleans the skin very well
my skin feels clean
my skin feels super clean
my skin feels balanced
because most exfoliating facial cleansers that i have used feel way grittier than this so when it worked so well i was very shocked
my skin looks smoother
i usually had very nice calm and clear skin.
my skin feels clean
this one is nourishing
this exfoliates makes skin look brighter
this bar leaves my skin feeling clean
it was smoother, glowy-er and well balanced.
to keep the texture smooth
my skin feels great after i cleanse with this.
my acne prone skin feels calmer, and softer.
i've always been told that exfoliating your skin is best during the night
my face feels smoother
this makes my skin moisturized
it leaves your skin feeling very clean
leave you feeling very clean
nice clean feeling when i rinse
i feel like my skin is kind of moisturized after
gets my combination skin clean
it creates a nice lather
my skin starting feeling smoother
that smooth feeling after exfoliation is there
after i cleanse my face with it my skin feels very clean
leaves skin feeling hydrated
it exfoliates without making me feel like i washed my face with s
this bar keeps my skin looking smooth
after that i can apply a night/aging/hydrating cream to help calm my face
smooth my skin is
it looks so healthy
i even feel its helped soothe my redness
the skin is smoother and plumper.
it makes my skin so glowy
leaves it feeling refreshed
leaves my skin looking
supple my skin has become
skin is very calm looking
this keeps my skin moist for the whole day
it's super light weight
my skin is immediately moisturized
the next day i felt my skin was moisturized
my face is so smooth
leave my face feeling so nourished
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it's not only hydrating
this cleanser is the first i've tried that is super gentle on the skin
it's very hydrating too.
it leaves my face very smooth
it lathers really well
keep skins sebum levels under control along with leaving a nice clean feeling to the touch that is smooth
this face wash is super nourishing
it also makes my skin feel squeaky clean without feeling tight or dry
like it's really nourishing
makes my skin feel refreshed
it leaves my skin so clean
i decided to move to a cleanser that would hopefully nourish
my skin feels so fresh and clean.
it cleans my skin very well as if i'm using a deep cleanser
it lathers up nicely
my skin feels so clean after every use.
acne prone skin calm down
it makes cleaning your face feel like a facial every night
it foams pretty well
leaves my skin very clean
in fact it feels smooth
my face felt incredibly moisturized
it is great to find a cleanser that cleans without burning
with that said i look for a cleanser that leaves my face feeling squeaky clean
i assume that it will be good for all types of skin since it is moisturizing enough for dry skin to be more refreshed
this leaves my skin very moisturized with no oil layer at all
this cleanser lathers up very well
it leaves my skin feeling very soft and hydrated.
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves your skin super clean
refreshed without drying my skin out
it's soothes my skin!
this cleanser really deep cleans
it leaves my skin feeling clean
after cleansing with this product my skin feels clean
makeup with making skin feel smooth
this cleanser helps my skin so much
this cleanser works really well with my skin
this cleanser is very soothing
it's cream cleanser really has the perfect balance of cleansing
this cream cleaner feels
leaves your skin smooth
gives me the clean feeling
my skin feels clean and hydrated after using it.
this face wash makes me feel so refreshed
this one just became my fave very gentle skin feels fresh
my skin is hydrated
makes me feel clean
my face feels clean
the way it leaves my skin feeling
it leaves my skin feeling fresh
the way my skin feels after i've cleansed with it
it's a cream formulation yet it leaves my oily skin feeling clean
it cleanses really well
it leaves my skin moisturized
it exfoliates a little bit
makes me skin feeling clean
plus it seems to moisturize even better :
especially waterproof eye makeup
what i like about this cleanser is that it leaves my skin feeling moisturized
non-foaming cleanser that leaves me with more of a refreshed feeling
tight feeling on my skin afterwards
my skin feels plump
it smells great and leaves my eyes feel rested.
this is gentle enough that i massage it around my eyes
it is so refreshing and cooling and does the job.
you will feel a cooling sensation
it gives me a fresher appearance in the morning
i love this it make my under eyes so refreshed.
i love how the iron feels cool when applying
really leaves my skin feeling clean
when you want to put your concealer after it blends perfectly
loved this made my undereye look smoother
really helps my puffiness in the morning
it is very easy to blend/pat into your skin
have a very inconsistent sleep schedule
making you feel awake
it leaves your skin cool
it soothes the fine lines
plus the rest of my face feels very moisturized
my skin looked smooth and felt smooth.
makes your foundation wear light
it keeps me hydrated all day & not sticky.
my skin was more plump and even toned.
it leaves my skin feeling
it leaves your face feeling hydrated
my skin felt rejuvenated
this + my clarisonic made my skin so clean
i don't feel like it was very moisturizing though
it keeps my skin clear.
cleanses my skin thoroughly without drying it out
it makes your skin feel so clean
it makes my skin feel really clean without feeling dry
love how it leaves my skin feelings clean
my expression lines are more relaxed
keeps my face moisturized all through the night
makes my skin feel and look refreshed
makes your skin appear smooth
feels moisturized after applying even if it isn't a moisturizer
my skin felt smoother
it soaks in nicely
doesn't leave my skin too moisturized
it makes my skin feel so moisturized
skin feels hydrated and beautiful when i use it.
non-greasy and leaves skin feeling smooth.
it mattifies and moisturizes so well!
my skin feels well hydrated immediately after using this
my skin is smooth
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
makes my skin look
i find it so balancing and soothing.
it makes the skin super smooth
left my skin feeling energized
left my skin feeling smoother
my skin has never been so hydrated
once this product glides on it makes your skin look smooth
seeps into the skin nicely just freshening it up
yet leaves you feeling hydrated
my skin feels smooth
this gives my slightly oily skin just enough hydration while it at the same time makes my moisturizing sink in better
feel that it hydrates where i need it
i feel my skin smooth and my pores less visibles.
it absorbs well in the skin leaving skin smooth
i think that it's really helping the texture of my skin as well as making it feel moisturized
helping my skin feel moisturized
every morning my skin looks refreshed
it feels very smooth on the skin
my skin feels refreshed
my skin felt very elastic
my skin was instantly hydrated
my skin was still smooth
my skin feels firm and smooth.
my skin feels smooth
gave my skin a bit more plumpness
i looked as it states in the description "ultra hydrated"
your skin feels smooth
my skin feels tighter
after removing the mask my skin felt hydrated
after about 5 minutes the skin starts to feel warm which i really enjoy because you can feel it soaking into the pores
i do think it leaves skin hydrated
i do not experience any tingly feeling with this mask
after one use my skin felt refreshed
it's hydrating, tingly, and purifying.
hydrated after i apply the mask
this mask keeps my skin hydrated while also helping with my breakouts
super comfortable to wear and easy to rinse off!
my skin feels so smooth
it cleans my skin so well
moisturizer i loved the feel of my skin
leaves my face feeling throughly cleansed
my skin feels super smooth after i use it.
my skin felt plumper after one use
will clean out pores while hydrating your skin.
my pores a very clear
it makes my skin feel so clean
my skin looked very "refreshed after
this hydrated my skin without making it feel oily
that also makes clean up with a warm
i like this mask it leaves my skin feeling clean
it's hydrating which is great for me with my extra dry skin
helps keep it toned
this left my skin so hydrated
my skin also feels incredibly hydrated.
this is so hydrating.
it made my skin feel deeply clean
moisturized, clean, and smaller pores.
my skin is super clear
my skin was hydrated
my skin feels clean and refreshed afterwards.
it really detoxes your pores
my skin is more smooth
my skin felt hydrated
my skin feels so fresh
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated and soft.
my face was very hydrated
creamy going on it simply soothes your face as it cleans out those pores
it leaves your skin looking
which is really relaxing
i feel it helps my acne-prone skin stay in check without irritating or drying my skin
it leaves my skin feeling very clean
my skin is really thankful for the soothing qualities of this mask after a harsher charcoal treatment
my skin looked very smooth
my pores looked so clean
leaves my skin super-refreshed
it leaves my skin feeling so smooth afterwards
my skin felt renewed, tighter, and refreshed.
like so much hydration and smoothness in my skin.
it cleans my skin perfectly
you actually feel moisturized after the cleansing
my skin feels and looks clean and less dull.
my skin feels so smooth and clean after i use it!
it leaves my face smooth
leaves my skin supple
it cleanses so well
my skin comes out very smooth
my skin is flawless
is it is now smooth, clear and healthy.
my skin feels super clean
my face felt very smooth and clean.
my skin is super smooth after using it.
nothing made my skin feel clean until this cleanser
it also moisturizes pretty darned well with a light serum underneath
gives a fresh healthy look to the skin
it is lightly hydrating
this product cleanses my skin so well without drying it out
my skin is so clean
it leaves my skin clean
my skin feels fresh
feeling clean without exfoliants
it leaves my skin feeling tight
i love the way this cleanser makes my skin feel!
my skin is now smooth
this cleanser makes the clean up very easy
it provides a squeaky clean feel.
i love the feel of this cleanser.
it almost feels like it moisturizes my skin.
this has been the only cleanser where i've felt moisturized after using it
makes my face feel squeaky clean
this makes my oily skin feel clean & soft.
it has a smooth nice lather
leaves my skin feeling truly clean
leaves it very clean
my skin feels clean and still soft after washing.
my skin will feel tight
i think my skin feeling more hydrated has a lot to do with it
i especially like how smooth my lips feel when i use the cleanser with a facial sponge
it makes my skin feel super clean
this will make your skin feel wonderfully clean
my skin feels so clean and pure.
my skin feels super clean
my skin looks smoother
i feel so clean
potassium really help lighten the area underneath my eyes
i felt the product was very hydrating.
makes you feel awake
my face looks healthy
it is so soothing.
this cream/gel feels cool
the skin under my eyes is so smooth
this product cleansed so nicely
i work it into a nice lather
leaves my face clean and hydrated.
i love how exfoliated my skin feels
my skin feels so clean
i look so fresh after i use it and very smooth.
i feel like it is made for oily skin
the cleanser smell so good
it leaves my skin smooth and clean.
leaves skin feeling very plump and balanced.
since adding this cleanser into my skin skin cycle i have been loving it
the exfoliating factor is just perfect- not too light
my face feels super clean after the wash
this cleanser felt nice on my sensitive skin
leaves my skin feeling so fresh
makes your face feel squeaky clean.
making sure i exfoliate well
leaves my skin so soft and hydrated!
as for the exfoliation, it's very gentle.
i feel like it exfoliates well
it leaves my skin clean
it makes your skin feel so smooth
my skin texture is smoother
i love how well it exfoliates my skin with out feeling scratchy or drying out my skin
it leaves my skin very smooth and fresh
i really do love the fact that this exfoliating cleanser really does clean your face
it is smooth, clean and fresh looking.
my skin was calm, moisturized and smooth!
did clean my skin well
it makes my skin so smooth
makes your skin nice and clean.
so hydrating for the really dry skin at the moment
leaves my skin feeling so clean without being tight
my face feels refreshed
it smells amazing and is so hydrating.
does a great job hydrating
after i use it my skin feels refreshed
skin feels fresh and hydrated after use.
it would make my skin feel hydrated
goes on as a mud which is very soothing.
leaves my skin feeling clean
like you can feel your pores breathing
one thing my skin could always use more of would be hydration/moisture
it felt soft nourished
it really did hydrate.
i really feel a deep hydrating clean when i use this
it truly cleanses your face
it works on making my skin feel clean
it keeps my skin hydrating
so great for dry skin as a gentle cleanser
it leaves the skin very clean
my skin is incredibly hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it made my skin feel super tight
it's very hydrating as well!
it absorbs very quickly, and is very hydrating.
your face feels so refreshed
my face feels and looks smooth.
it moisturized my face well enough that i could skip the jojoba oil
you can feel it hydrating your skin
it feels like it is hydrating.
this is a noticeably hydrating cleanser
my skin feels smooth
moisturized- rather than feeling stripped
cleanses my skin well
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this product made my face feel so hydrated
leaves my skin feeling smooth
i can tell that my skin is hydrated
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
it leaves everything looking smooth
feels very hydrating while it's going on
leaves my skin hydrated
leaves my skin feeling super moisturized compared to other cleansers
helps keep my skin clear
the super clear cleanser
it hydrates well and feels smooth.
which makes it very hydrating
my under eyes are well moisturized through out the day
this one does the job your eyes are hydrated less tired looking more revived
works nicely to brighten and moisturize.
really moisturizes under my eyes
my eyes look hydrated
it keeps my eyes hydrated
i do feel like it moisturizes really nicely
my skin is definitely more moisturized.
love that it keeps my sensitive skin moisturized
it keeps my eye area moisturized all day
really enjoyed how hydrated it made my eye area
it keeps the area hydrated
this product is very hydrating
it is very hydrating for being such a light cream
it feels like it just quenches my skin.
this is the perfect moisturizer for me as it is lightweight
leaves it feeling nourished
i feel like my skin is well hydrated
it moisturized my skin very well
it feels like a cushion on skin
leaves you with healthy feeling
it leaves my skin feeling supple with a nice
your skin will actually look nourished.
i absorbs well and definitely moisturizes.
my skin felt quenched
mix it in with a foundation to make the foundation more hydrating
i like the idea of adding a "milk" to my moisturizer on the colder winter days to make sure that i keep my skin hydrated
feels very pleasant on the skin
my skin is so soft and moisturized after washing.
your face feels moisturized
makes my skin feel clean
it leaves my skin feeling comfortable
so you can get all the nourishing oils you can from it
now my skin is soft and hydrated.
removes make up really well and very gently!
leaves my skin moisturized
leaves my skin so clean
i've stopped feeling like i need to exfoliate to clear my pores
it leaves my skin smooth
no matter how warm or thoroughly i rinse
left my skin feeling smooth
afterwards my face looks and feels clean.
takes my waterproof make up off leaving skin moisturized not oily
this cleanser makes my skin feel clean
my skin feels insanely clean
the best part is that the oil rinses clean
my face is amazingly less oily
my skin feel hydrated every time after using this
i feel perfectly cleaned and not stripped.
how it makes my skin feel after i rinse it off
my skin feels so clean
l'occitane left my skin feeling clean
hydrated yet not oily
leaving your skin refreshed
it leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin clean
this really soothes it
it is really hydrating
the texture of my skin is changing
my skin is now constantly feeling hydrated
i don't really need to because it leaves your skin feeling clean yet moisturized
my skin feels cleansed
more supple since i started using it
in the morning i feel so hydrated
my skin feels flexible not tight/ dry
makes my skin look healthier
it absorbs very nicely into the skin
it feels hydrating while it is on
i wake up with a dewy feel to my skin.
my skin is way more supple
my skin is hydrated and bright.
leaves your skin feeling hydrated
it cleanses without making my combination skin feel dry
mi skin was not looking to healthy
my skin feels plump
my skin feels so smooth.
exfoliates without having to turn on the water faucet is awesome
this cleaner leaves your skin softly hydrated
this one keeps me very moisturized
leaves your skin so so smooth/supple/bright
makes my skin looking healthier
transforms into a nicely tanned look on your skin
my skin looks so moisturized and glowing.
goes on feeling cool
makes my skin so smooth
leaves my skin feeling moisturized all day
i do not feel the weight of the sunscreen which is so nice
it now keeps my skin hydrated all day
it really seems like it nourishes your skin.
pros - skin looks refreshed and youthful.
i got this when my skin was dehydrated
within one night my skin was rehydrated
it feels so smooth on the skin
helping keep my aging 30something skin looks super fresh
i felt like i had to use a lot in order to feel moisturized
this one felt lightweight
this stuff hydrants my skin so beautifully without being greasy
stiff so obviously i need a moisturizer
it makes my skin look refreshed
me skin is getting youthful
very healthy color and look.
smooth my skin became
the texture of my skin was smoother
my skin felt moisturised
my skin is more plump
this was very hydrating
i think my skin looks smoother
and the foaming effect is pretty cool.
my skin seems firmer
this product really brightens my skin.
it glides on nice and dries fast.
my skin us smoother, firmer, younger.
my skin looked surprisingly smoother
it gives me a warm tingling feeling.
my skin looked smoother
my skin is smoother
put a bit of oil on after it sinks it as i don't find it terribly moisturizing
okay for combination skin.
my skin looks fresh and clean and spotless!!
my skin feels smoother
my skin is smooth
it looks like a gel
it leaves my skin looking fresh
leaves skin feeling tight
really massage it into my skin
my skin feels so smooth
my skin texture is so smooth
it leaves my skin very clean.
leaves your skin super clean
my skin was very clean with no residue.
it makes your skin smooth
if you want instantly hydrated
it leaves my skin soft and hydrated.
my skin felt very clean
this product leaves my face feeling clean
your skin is refreshed right after one use
cooling for a truly relaxing experience
my skin feels so smooth and deep cleaned!
your face looks refreshed
face looks and feels healthy afterwords.
leaves my skin feeling smooth
the my skin felt baby
this removes them pretty well for a face mask without any exfoliation
it works really well on my oily skin
my skin feels smooth
it soothes my skin
it helps calm down acne
it feels quite gentle on the skin
it has a gel cushion like texture
great for oily skin people because it is a light feeling gel-based formula
supple clean that is in the jar transforms your face
it healed my irritated skin so well
even though it says hydration
feeling much more confident due to the radiant finish of this serum
i instantly feel refreshed
my skin looks visibly smoother
this is a very refreshing mix of a cleanser
it makes my face feel so refreshed
this product does exfoliate the skin very well
the congested areas don't feel as textured like they had
it leaves my skin really smooth
this gets my skin so clean
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it makes it feel so clean without making it feel dry
brings out a smooth natural skin finish
it also leaves a great moisturized feel.
my face is so smooth
my skin feels balanced
it feels amazing when i massage into my skin
my face feels so clean
i can feel my face warming from the exfoliation
making my skin so smooth
i love to abrasive feeling.
refreshed all day long
this is an amazing exfoliator with just plain water
so supple when i get out of the shower
my skin is so smooth
the moisturizer i us over it just glides on smoothly
makes my skin feel so smooth and clean!
my skin felt so smooth
you can feel your skin is so smooth after wash!
it sure does exfoliate mildly
it makes my skin feel clean
leaves my face feeling very smooth
i find that a lot of exfoliating products are too gentle to really be effective at sloughing off dead skin
the cream feels smooth, kind of like primer.
this product made my skin so flawless.
makes your skin way smoother
my skin's texture was smoother
you can tell my skin looks hydrated
it makes my skin super smooth
my skin is smooth
my skin is so smooth
it leaves my skin very hydrated
my skin feels softer and it's smoother as well.
my skin is starting to look smoother
i can feel the added moisture
the texture of my skin is smoother to touch
it hydrates my skin enough to wear it as a moisturizer without being too heavy
my skin felt so smooth after washing it off.
if you want smooth glowing healthy skin do yourself a favor
it is so gentle on my skin
my skin looked fresher
this mask detoxed incredibly well leaving it fresh
it feels brightens smooth and hydrated somehow!
it made my skin look smooth and more healthy.
it makes my skin so tight
my skin looks mor taut
my skin is smoother.
my skin is prepped
i usually eat healthy
my skin needed a firmer feel
it gives me the most hydrating
very hydrating and comfort dryness.
refreshed my eyes look
i just wanted hydration
because its very hydrating
moisturizing i feel the skin around my eyes are glowing as well
it feels hydrated around my eyes
my eyelids feel hydrate and firmer:)
it definitely helps me achieve that air brushed non cakey look
giving a very smooth finish
i feel my blackheads on my nose are improved as well as overall skin condition
keep my very oily t-zone matte throughout the day
your foundation will glide on so nicely
your whole face will look refreshed
make-up looks flawless whether it is a cc cream or a powder foundation
it makes the skin feel so plump and fresh.
my skin stays hydrated with a bit of a glow.
rejuvenates my skin every morning
it keeps my skin looking even toned and hydrated.
hydrated the next day
it instantly made my face feel more hydrated
woke up with my skin feeling moisturized
plus my makeup went on super smoothly because my skin was so smooth
it leaves your skin feeling really fresh
it is very hydrating
it does hydrate my eyes like crazy
it's super important to use a firming/hydrating eye cream while young so you don't get any of those fine lines
my eyes feel soothed and moisturized.
the thick texture really stays on
i woke up with hydrated eyes
it really makes my eyes feel hydrated all day long
after about a week my sensitive eye area was well hydrated
it definitely keeps my eyes hydrated
this is great for the winter when skin needs more hydration
this product helped me a lot to keep this area hydrated
hydrating wise it passed the test for me
it keeps keeps my skin soft and hydrated.
wanted something more hydrating
this product i could feel instantly started hydrating my eye area
my eye area feels refreshed
i do feel the slight "tingly" sensation sometimes
more rested eye contour
seems hydrating but not thick and greasy.
the skin in my orbital area feels dewy for the whole day
my eyes feel so smooth and hydrated.
my eyeshadows go on so much better with my eyelids so smooth
so happy with this extra hydrating silky smooth line refining balm
great formula that is both hydrating
i like that my whole eye area feels moisturized.
my eye area is smooth.
really improves skin tone
you can still feel the moisture on the surface of your skin
this product is lightweight yet definitely hydrating
the three stages of this cleanser leave me feeling pampered
it is so hydrating
keeping my face moisturized
i feel like my skin is more plumped
the smell helps me sleep better
my face feels so plump
my face looked hydrated
those deep, really textured bumps were all over.
obviously very hydrating because it is an oil
it soaks into my skin somewhat
this oil feels so luxurious going onto the skin.
my skin looks very healthy in the morning
oily in others- now my skin seems to be pretty normal
my skin is supple
i wake up and have glowing healthy baby skin.
the next day my skin is super smooth
it leaves it hydrated.
it is incredibly hydrating
healthy my skin looked
helps calm my sensitive dehydrated/oily skin.
it helps a lot with my texture and acne too.
more hydrated- it is wonderful
i find it calms my skin.
it really replenishes my skin
relaxed feeling at the end of the day
this oil has also made my skin look so smooth
i once again feel confident just wearing sunscreen out of the house
i would always wake up feeling hydrated
when i wake up in the morning my skin is moisturized
my skin feels plumped, hydrated.
it is a wonderful remedy for dehydrated skin
my skin feels plump
it made my skin smooth
my skin looks so hydrated
within 2 weeks i feel my skin is plumper/firmer
all around more hydrated
feels so soothing on my face
the texture of my skin feels much smoother
hyaluronic really helped to calm my skin down
my skin looks healthy all day long
it does smooth/moisturize my skin
my skin feels more balanced
i noticed that my skin was more supple
my skin felt so smooth
my skin was hydrated
it was very hydrating
my skin looks healthier
felt more hydrated after the first week of using it
hydrated that at night time i rarely needed any moisturizer over it
my face feels smoother, hydrated and younger.
my skin would be flawless
my skin was dehydrated
my flakes were gone and my skin felt sooo smooth.
it really helped with my acne and skin tone!
my oiliness seems to be under better control
keeps my skin hydrated i definitely will repurchase again
my skin looks smooth and even.
it is so weightless and comfortable to use.
made my skin super smooth
my skin is super smooth
it feels slightly tauter
make sure you moisturize after
my skin is baby smooth
it definitely fills in my pores
it makes your skin so smooth
my makeup adheres to it like a hug
making you skin look flawless
leaves my skin smooth
leaves my skin healthy feeling
keeps my skin moisturized
makes my skin feel hydrated, and smooth.
it makes my skin smooth
it gives me a matte finish
my skin is smooth
my skin feels smoother
it evens out the texture of my skin so that my foundation application looks flawless
my skin is hydrated
it's very hard to find a lightweight moisturizer that will moisturize to get rid of dry patches
it's very comfortable and absorbs quickly.
give a smooth look to the skin
i can feel it balancing my combo skin
my combination skin feels balanced
it keeps my skin hydrated
it just looks like your skin has a healthy glow
i feel this moisturizer is a diamond in the rough
makes my skin baby smooth
it's enough to moisturize cheeks
my skin feels hydrated
moisturized at the same time
it wasn't hydrating enough
it keeps me matte all day
my makeup still looks flawless
it's a good product to hydrate you
this works perfectly i have oily skin
t's hard to find something that moisturizes
've yet to find a cream that hits all the sweet spots in that it keeps me hydrated without giving too much shine
've been blessed with super oily skin
helps me stay matte all day!
this provides great hydration that's light weight with no sticky feel
it is definitely mattifying.
my skin stays both matte
hydrated throughout the day
it gives your face a very smooth feeling
i've really been enjoying this moisturizer for my oily
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
greasy feeling to the skin
this is the only one to take care of both problems: leaves my skin hydrated
keeps my face hydrated the whole day
plumping it almost feels like a primer
provides just enough hydration without feeling greasy
keeps my face matte all day
it feels like a drink of water for my skin!
it soaked into my skin super fast
plus its very hydrating
it makes my skin look flawless
definitely moisturize well before using this
step in your beauty regimen that is sure to blur the appearance of pores
also feels light weight and very hydrated.
this product keeps my eyes hydrated alllll day!
made it feel dewy
my skin feels like it's in constant hydrating water
this stuff hydrates my super dry skin
it hasn't felt this hydrated in a long time.
it gives my skin the perfect amount of moisture without feeling oily at all
it wasn't hydrating enough
my skin is so hydrated
this stuff makes me feel like a moisturized goddess
it is very hydrating
i definitely like the moisture level this cream provides my skin
i really enjoy the bouncy gel-cream consistency which is enough to totally quench my dry skin
supple feeling that this one does
oily areas really well
i immediately noticed that my skin looked hydrated
this makes my skin feel very plump
moisturized without feeling greasy
the skin feels super hydrated
it never felt so hydrated.
it truly does hydrate your skin for hours!
how dewy my face feels all day
added needed hydration without making my skin feel greasy or heavy at all
my skin finally feels moisturized and balanced.
hydrated by morning after sleeping with it on
keep my face moisturized all day!
so hydrating, yet i don't feel greasy at all!
ensures that it stays hydrated throughout the day
this cream is light and comfortable.
deeply hydrates while feeling fresh.
i could feel the hydration soak into the skin
moisturized than it has in a long time
first aid beauty ultra repair cream intense hydration was a bit too thick
made my skin feel supple
this stuff is so hydrating.
this moisturizer is so good for my oily skin
wake up with wonderfully moisturized skin
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
give you hydration throughout the day
keeps me hydrated all day.
this cream feels lightweight
it is very light, and feels clean, not greasy.
my skin feels moisturized
it calms my rosacea too.
this moisturizer does not feel thick
this cream is very soothing
it felt like i was putting conditioner on my face
the hydration of this prod is perfect
it leaves my skin feeling fresh every time that i wear it
leaves my skin balanced
really enjoying this moisturizer!
keeps me hydrated all day and all night.
my skin feels so hydrated
nothing ever keeps my skin feeling hydrated
i am still on the lookout for the perfect moisturizer
i will repurchase this until then since it does keep my skin moisturized despite an intense regimen of retinols
this really improved the quality/moisture in my skin
great moisture in a non-greasy cream
this leaves my skin so smooth
feel like i've tried every moisturizer under the sun
i've found that this works really well for keeping my skin hydrated without clogging my pores
it gives me a smooth canvas for my makeup all day
it feels lightweight on the fingers
my skin was hydrated
it felt so cooling
i love how foamy it is because it makes me feel super clean without drying my skin
it makes your skin feel squeaky clean
it lathers up really week and rinses clean.
my face feels refreshed
it keeps my face hydrated.
leaves skin super hydrated
i love the clean feeling after using this cleanser
this makes my skin feel so fresh and clean.
i feel this cleanser helps balance my skin
lathered into a really nice foam
it can clean my light makeup
leaves it feeling really clean
it makes my skin feel so clean afterwards
this cleanser foams up nicely
it cleanses very well
it leaves my skin feeling really clean
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated and smooth.
it washes away my makeup amazingly well
my skin feels hydrated
makes my face feel super clean after using it
it has a great lather
this cleanser leaves my skin so clean
it leaves my skin so clean and so hydrated.
it leaves it feeling clean
i feel refreshed afterward
surprisingly, my waterproof mascara as well!
this moisturizer works very well for my skin
my older combination skin feels hydrated throughout the day
my skin feels smooth & hydrated after using it.
this moisturizer feels lightweight when putting it on
is just moisturizing enough so my face doesn't feel dry or right
my skin is hydrated for the day
absorbs into the skin pretty fast
under my makeup it breathable yet still keeps my face hydrated
it provides just enough moisturize
it gives sooo much hydration
leaves my skin deeply hydrated
just pure hydrating perfection!
it's also very hydrating
it's not overly moisturizing to wear you feel oily
my face feels hydrated
this moisturizer fixed all the problems yet it feels so lightweight on the skin
moisturized my face is after using
still gives me enough hydration
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
in the morning my eye area still feels moisturized
the aqua bomb gives enough hydration that it makes my face feel very smooth
this moisturizer absorbs into my skin very quickly
deeply hydrates without feeling like i have a layer of product on my face
keeps my skin hydrated all day long
my skin looks younger
it hydrated my skin amazingly
leaves my face feeling refreshed
this hydrates so well
hydration lasts me a whole day.
your skins feels refreshed
gives me the perfect amount of moisture without being oily
my skin feels much more supple these days
it feels well hydrated throughout the day
it really sinks in, and hydrates.
wake up to hydrated skin
it makes my skin look
this feels so cooling
this really helps keep my face moisturized
it left my skin completely moisturized after each use
the texture is so smooth
helps with my complexion
i wake up with my skin feeling supple
i love that it's very hydrating
refreshing that it just soaks into the skin
it feels so hydrated.
it definitely does a great job of moisturizing my super dry spots
keeps my skin super hydrated!
it's super smooth feeling
it provides nice lightweight moisture for my very oily skin
it will hydrate your skin nicely
even being oily i love to thoroughly moisturize my skin
leaves my skin refreshed
keeps my entire face moisturized all day
s down this is the best water type day moisturizer for oily dehydrated skin
keeps my skin smooth
it also keeps my skin moisturized all day without feeling greasy
keeps my skin hydrated all day
it balanced my skin perfectly
still need a lot of hydration
this is a really great gel consistency moisturizer that still packs a hydrating punch
would probably be hydrating enough for winter also
i noticed me skin more hydrated
also the texture of my skin is a lot smoother.
it still has enough weight to it to really make your skin feel moisturized
keeps your face looking dewy for hours
it left my skin feeling smooth
supple for many hours
my skin still feels plump
it is pretty good and penetrates the skin.
my face was feeling so hydrated and so clean!!!
i feels like it's just marinating in my skin making it feel supple
really makes my skin much more hydrated
so lightweight while also being hydrating which is exactly what us oily girls need
applied at night skin still felt supple in morning
i do love the lightweight feeling
my skin feels moisturized
it keeps my skin insanely hydrated all day
my skin has never been this moisturized
and my skin has never been this hydrated.
keep my skin pampered
made my skin so plump
it's very light, but really hydrates.
hydrated without the greasy
hydrating without being heavy or greasy.
this is so hydrating!
it gave my the hydration my skin desperately needs
doesnt feel heavy on the skin
my skin felt immediately moisturized.
it's hydrating, firming and smells great!
keeps my entire eye are hydrated for a good 12 hours
i feel pampered with this cream.
it's for sure hydrating which i want
my face actually still feels moisturized
it is very hydrating
more moisturized neck line
keeps my eyes really moisturized
the cream is very thick
my concealer goes on perfectly
it's light weight but hydrating.
this is definitely a stable in my skin care now!
in the morning i still felt well moisturized
healthy to face the day
calm skin that is way less red
more supple in the morning
more hydrated the next morning
my skin is hydrated for a whole night
easily rubs off with warm water
my skin felt clean
my skin also feels glowy and moisturized.
this mask makes my skin feel instantly clean
makes my face smoother
commented on how smooth my skin looked
so you have to moisturize fully after
this makes my skin so smooth.
it leaves my skin feeling so refreshed!
it's a really lovely way to hydrate skin overnight
leaves your skin feeling very smooth
these might feel hydrating
makes my skin smooth
keeps the skin hydrated all day.
my skin feels plump
this cleansing oil keeps it hydrated
enough to keep my face hydrated
leaves the skin smooth
the thing is waterproof
after hearing good things about cleansing oils
not the most hydrating option out there
i think it is hydrating
it soaks in nicely
my eyes actually feel refreshed and hydrated.
hydrated even helped with my dark under eye circles will deff buy again
my eye area is moisturized
it felt quiet moisturizing
the skin around my eyes remains moisturized
my eyes are still smooth
this eye cream transforms my undereye area while providing fantastic hydrating properties
leaves you hydrated without a trace of tackiness
it is very hydrating
it gives such a wonderful lightweight yet effective moisturized feel to my face
i also notice that this is great with keeping your skin hydrated throughout the day
i can feel the difference with this lightweight moisturizer
it's hydrating enough for my dry skin.
keeps me hydrated on my drier patches
my skin feels tight
makes me feel refreshed.
makes my skin feel super smooth
it moisturise dry area totally well.
leaves your skin feeling really supple
my skin always feels smoother
my skin feels plump and hydrated right after use.
it helps to keep my skin hydrated without making it oily
confident to just color in my brows
my skin woke up soft, hydrated and w/o breakups.
this winter nothing seemed to help my face feel hydrated until this
i find that my skin soaks it up quite nicely
calmed my acne too
overall it helps me stay more hydrated
this helps calm my skin down
my skin is so much more hydrated
super hydrating i have normal to dry skin
the product helps keep my face moisturized all day long
my skin has felt plumper
more hydrated since adding it
plus it makes my skin look amazingly
leaves my skin feeling smooth and refreshed.
left skin feeling clean
truly exfoliates my skin in a gentle way!
it leaves my face feeling extremely refreshed
the mud cleans my pores out while the oil leaves me hydrated after
the mud really clears my pores while the oil keeps my skin moisturized
i feel so clean after
my skin is very clean feeling
makes it feel super moisturized
the clay is super smooth
leaves my skin moisturized
my skin feels hydrated
healthy my skin looks: it fights pimples while also soothing my sensitive skin
it leave my skin feeling very clean
the deep clean is so refreshing
will lather up so nicely
hydrated after using this
it also feels suuuper clean
it makes my skin feel so clean
it still gives a clean feeling
the container looks cool on my countertop too!
it truly cleanses my skin
my skin actually felt clean
skin feels very clean
it seems to provide some gentle exfoliation as well
leaves it feeling smooth
my skin feels refreshed
makes my face feel fresh
i definitely need to moisturize after using it though
i love it with my clarisonic smart profile cleansing brush
left my skin feeling clean
my face felt instantly refreshed
supple after one use
this product is excellent-- my skin feels very nourished
it made it glide very nicely on my face
i love how hydrated it leaves my face
it makes my skin feel hydrated
my skin looks radiant, hydrated and amazing.
i get a flawless makeup
my face felt hydrated and not greasy at all.
my skin is a lot better hydrated
my skin does feel smoother
keeps my skin beautifully hydrated
it is so hydrating on the skin3.
my skin looks so smooth
this moisturizer has been so amazing at keeping oil at bay
it moisturizes yet leaves a matte finish on the skin
for my oily skin it provides just enough hydration
keeps me matte all day
the whipped feeling is a nice difference from the normal dense cream feeling of most moisturizers
feels smooth on the skin and works as promised.
my skin has been beautifully hydrated
it leaves my skin hydrated
it actually leaves me with a natural-looking matte finish
makes my skin so smooth
i feel hydrated all day
fluffy texture that even on my dry skin is supremely moisturizing
warm the lotion it goes on perfectly fine
it is the only moisturizer that is hydrating enough for my crazy
my skin is smooth
it works perfectly for my combination skin.
i love the way this moisturizer makes my skin feel
stays moisturized all day long
good moisturizer but it is quite thick.
hydrating with no greasy feeling
my skin just feels balanced and super healthy.
overall a pretty decent sunscreen.
good for my acne-prone skin.
my face is moisturized
my makeup applied perfectly!
my skin feels calm
most moisturizers with spf feel thick
it protects my skin from the suns harmful rays while conditioning my skin to feel fabulous
the formula is pretty thick
it applies better over moisturized skin than on totally dry skin
this made my skin look hydrated
it feels so smooth, not greasy.
my pores feel clean
the product leaves my face feeling smooth
it left my skin very tight feeling
my face feels greasy
leaves my skin feeling clean
it cleans your pores so well
leaves your skin feeling matte
it also leaves your skin baby smooth
it was a little painful/tingly as it dried
put on lotion my skin was super smooth
i wanted to clean my skin
it makes my skin smooth, matte and pore-free!
makes my skin feel smooth and purified.
it makes my skin feel so smooth
leaves my skin feeling smooth
leaves my skin feeling a deep clean
the feeling of smooth skin
my skin just feels clean
did leave my skin super smooth
it leaves your skin feeling so smooth
it helps keeps my blackheads
leaves my skin feeling unbelievably squeaky clean
my skin felt beautifully hydrated and fresh.
my moms skin so clean
love it, keeps my face smooth
leaves my face feeling clean
my skin looks so good and so refreshed.
it's really important to moisturize after removing the mask to keep from drying out
it leaves my skin feeling so refreshed
it's affordable for a nice facemask
makes my skin feel very clean and smooth.
it leaves my skin even-toned
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
this helps keep it clean
it definitely feels cleaner
i like that tingly feeling i get
it lathers up well.
i think this is a very nice detoxifying mask
leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth.
i love the oxygenating feel/tingleness of it
plus it leaves my skin feeling clean and smooth.
my skin felt cleaner
more refreshed from all of the bubbling
it leaves my skin looking flawless and smooth.
leaves my skin clean
my skin had this refreshed, cool feeling.
i feel so clean!
it evens my skin tone
i feel like it cleans out my pores
it's then very calming
hydrating so a wonderful addition to my mask collection
it left my skin feeling wonderfully smooth
your skin will up hydrated, soft & plumb!
makes my skin looking so healthy next morning!
use after exfoliation so that your skin soaks up the product properly
this is a nice hydrating mask.
it genuinely warms so nicely
it make my skin smooth
leaves my skin really smooth
gets very warm when doing this
it makes my oily skin feel super clean without feeling tight or dry
it seemed to work perfectly fine
i also enjoyed how nourished
moisturized my skin felt after using this
bonus is your skin won't feel tight
definitely acne prone skin
it leaves my skin so fresh and pure.
leaves very little makeup on my skin when i go over it with toner
purifies your skin leaving it smooth
it lathers pretty fast
my skin felt so smooth
this oil calms my skin
it's just perfectly balanced.
i found this night-a-mins oil to be really lightweight
i wake up to smooth, hydrated skin.
i look so refreshed.
my skin feels fresher and brighter since using.
leaves my face really moisturized
my skin was extremely hydrated
my skin is refreshed
not only has it been super effective at hydrating my dehydrated flaky skin to a point where my face is more supple
it helps my skin toq maintain a very healthy condition even before my period
the oil is very nice, very moisturizing.
leaves my skin feeling smooth
the oil has really helped moisturize my skin.
it makes your face look refreshed
leaves my skin perfectly prepped for a serum
love the bubbles and how clean my skin feels.
it not only rejuvenates dull tired skin
and i feel pampered each time i use it.
makes my skin feel super clean but not dry.
my face feels well hydrated
it leaves your skin feeling so refreshed
makes my skin radiant and very hydrated!
it looked so healthy
i could feel a heating
leaves my skin refreshed
i definitely looked refreshed
my skin felt firmer
it leaves my skin feeling so clean and refreshed.
it leaves my skin so glowy
works very quickly, leaves skin clean and bright!
it leaves your skin flawless!
also feels like the masque is working
it rinses off with the skin feeling awake
it leaves your skin feeling so clean
my skin really seems to soak it up after the exfoliation
this moisturizer makes my skin feel so smooth
enjoy this product it's very light weight
so light and makes my skin so smooth.
leaves my skin looking smooth
makes my skin feel so supple
trust me, your skin will feel so refreshed!
it is wonderfully hydrating
my skin felt hydrated
it moisturizes very well
very hydrating without being heavy.
my skin is smoother
in the morning my skin is refreshed
it makes my skin feel very refreshed
my skin soaks it up and instantly feels hydrated.
my skin feels continuously nourished
instantly makes the skin feel hydrated when applied
while it does calm my flaky areas
it really moisturizes while still feeling silky
my skin texture looks better
so my skin doesnt feel greasy
while it says it is a light cream
leaving skin feeling clean
this moisturizer sinks in to your skin amazingly.
my skin feels moisturized without the greasiness.
my skin felt sooooo calm
supple after one time of using it
my skin gets tight
my face was still moisturized
yet still ultra hydrating
during summer it could feel a bit oily after
love how well it keep my face hydrated all day
this isn't hydrating enough
my skin is smooth
skin always looks super clean
my skin felt so smooth
it really cleans/detoxes my skin
healthy glow as soon as i wash it off
it was so smooth
my skin felt smooth.
my face felt so refreshed
feels so clean afterwards
my skin looks rejuvenated
this is really gentle on my skin
leaves your face feeling very clean
tighten skin looked really refreshed
i found my skin tone more balanced
you need you use a very hydrating moisturizer afterwards though
my skin was smooth
it really clean your pores
this mask makes your skin feel so clean
makes the skin calm
my pores always look smaller when i finish this masque
hydrate my skin afterwards
my skin feels clean
i think it helps to keep my skin calm as well
this product really has been working with calming down my skin
my skin feels brand new and refreshed.
leaves my skin feeling nice and clean.
it really moisturizes my skin
the reason i like it is because how hydrating
refreshed after i rinse it off
leaves my skin feeling fresh
this mask has a very smooth texture.
it makes my skin immediately feel smooth
remains comfortable on the skin
supple for the rest of the entire week
this mask feels instantly hydrating
your skin can still breathe
skin feels calms, moisturised and soft.
hydrated when i use the mask
this really does moisturize your skin
my skin is much more hydrated
my skin is feeling hydrated
felt hydrating without clogging my pores
it does clean my pores
makes my face more healthy
my face feels clean
makes my skin feel renewed
my skin feels cleaner
your skin definitely feels cleaner after!
my skin feels so clean
i can feel my pores tightening
my skin feels tingly when first applied
it leaves my skin feeling clean
makes your face feel so clean.
my face just feels cleaner
i looked for a very thick moisturizer/face oil
my skin is so plump
it helps relieve irritation for me wonderfully.
my face so smooth and flawless.
my fresh seaberry oil so much that my face looks very oily
it leaves my skin smooth supple
this product is very hydrating.
my skin felt instantly cool
my skin is noticeably more hydrated without being at all oily
it is very hydrating
my skin looks firmer
moisturized in the morning
my skin felt very hydrated
my face feels smooth
this mask is very hydrating and gentle.
so clean skin complexion
it left my skin so supple
i believe this might be a perfect moisturizer for us super oily girls
makes my skin so soft and hydrated!
my skin now feel super smooth and plump!
my skin feels smoother
made my skin feel plumped.
it definitely hydrated my skin
in the morning my skin feels softer and hydrated.
my skin is much more hydrated
calm my sensitive maturing winter skin
it made my skin look so fresh
the mask immediately made it feel refreshed
woke up with hydrated
also made my skin so plump
my skin looks bouncy and hydrated the next day.
it plumps your skin and it feels so hydrated!
my skin felt smoother.
the area of dryness was now awesomely hydrated
some hydrating masks feel hot upon wearing
i felt immediately hydrated.
gave a very cool relaxing effect
my skin feels very hydrated after using this
my skin is hydrated and smooth in the morning.
leaves your skin feeling amazing before bed
leaves my skin so smooth
my skin feels and looks so hydrated.
this makes your skin feel super duper clean
leaves your skin moisturized
feels on my skin
leaves dry skin moisturized
my skin feels so smooth after
leaves skin smooth not tight.
it left my skin feeling smooth
it leaves your skin super soft with just the right amount of moisture in addition to feeling cleansed
the best part is that my face felt moisturized
i find my skin feels clean
the oil stays on my skin
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it leaves your face moisturized
it makes my skin feel hydrated
this time my skin felt balanced--just clean
it did leave my skin feeling refreshed
to leave my skin feeling balanced
my super dry skin feels lightly moisturized after using this
works very well, face is smooth and clean
overall, a great cleanse and my face feels clean.
your face feels clean
hydrated after every wash
leave the skin hydrated
it leaves your skin feeling moisturized
it is so smooth
your face feels so moisturized
this cleanser goes on smoother
leaves my skin feeling very clean
it soothes my face
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
cleans the skin very well
leaves your skin feeling refreshed
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
face feels super clean afterwards
it immediately makes your skin feel youthful
you definitely want to exfoliate beforehand.
my acne prone skin is so clear
it's hydrating and rich but without being heavy.
still has a moistness to it
the eye cream is not greasy and absorbs nicely.
it moisturizes so well and i just love it.
hydrate my under eye area
this product really cleanses your face
makes my skin so smooth
this one makes my skin feel so clean
refreshed after using this
my face feels incredibly clean afterwards!
leaves your skin feeling clean
after rinsing it off my face feels so fresh
it helped clean my pores like crazy
cleans the skin amazingly well!
feels fresher the moment i rinse it off
it has kept my skin pretty clean
massage again to get a nice lather
i also like the clean smell
it leaves my skin looking
this product works very well with the boscia black hydration gel
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling very clean
leaves my skin feeling healthy.
face feels tight and fresh.
my skin was so smooth
remember: this is to clean pores not treat acne!
it helped with the texture on my cheeks aswell better
a gentle scrub does leave my face feeling cleaner
because it exfoliates too
my skin feels extremely clean after i do think if you have dry skin it will strip everything off so you should use a very dense moisturize afterwards
it gives you that extra clean feeling by soaking up oils in your skin
clean feeling after use
my skin felt hydrated/soft
lather with water which does the trick perfectly
still leaves my skin supple
make sure you rinse well.
made a conscious effort to really rinse well after
but even so, always moisturize.
it leaves my face feeling very clean
massage into your face to create a nice lather
really deeps cleans your skin
i also feel like my skin is clean
this leaves my skin feeling very fresh and clean.
stays hydrated for the whole day when i follow with my light josie maran oil
this cleanser gives the best deep clean.
not greasy at all, super hydrating.
my skin feels very clean
it feels super clean!
gets my face super clean
my skin has never felt cleaner or more refreshed
still get very oily skin
feeling clean and refreshed yet not dried out.
the lotion really feels like it melts
i don't care as long as i feel moisturized without having a heavy layer on my face
perfect moisturizer for my extremely oily skin.
i imagine this would work wonderfully for dehydrated skin as well
my skin looks refreshed
it feels like my skin is drinking water.
instantly make my skin smooth and hydrated.
it definitely helps prepare your skin for the rest of your products to hydrate your skin
it feels like a water
i like the lightweight gel texture which leaves for a soothing
leaves my face feeling refreshed
my skin feels the perfect amount of hydration for my oily skin
leaves my skin feeling hydrated without any residue
i love how lightweight this formula feels on skin
it leaves skin feeling refreshed
yet my skin still feels moisturised
this is perfect for oily skins that just want a little moisture
love how this softens my skin
leaves my face feeling hydrated and restored.
i love the way this moisturizer makes my skin feel
quick:soaks into skin quicklysuper lightweight smells amazingly sweetgreat under night creamdoesnt feel tackyleaves ur skin glowy with minimized pores
makes my skin look
in the morning my skin felt smooth
i awoke with skin that felt moisturized
this treatment oil does a great job in plumping your skin
my skin does feel firmer
as it makes me feel protected from dryness or oiliness
still gives me the moisture my skin needs
my skin was super dull
the grains in the mask are awesome for exfoliating when you're ready to rinse it off
made my skin look so youthful
you want glowing healthy looking skin
leaves it so smooth
even my skin out nicely
supple totally worth the money
they all complimented my skin
you will need to follow up with moisturizer as it does feel fairly drying afterwards from the exfoliation
it seems to hydrate nicely as well which is an added bonus :
makes my face smoother
really nice exfoliant, but not too strong.
it left my sink feeling nice and refreshed.
i do feel like my skin is lighter
my skin does feel a little sensitive after rubbing it in
it leaves my skin a tingly feeling once applied
this mask gave me a very healthy glow overall
leaves your skin feeling fresh
my skin is so glowy
leaves it feeling hydrated
you may not want to exfoliate with it if you prefer a super gentle exfoliator as the beads do feel powerful on the skin
this made my skin feel hydrated
it gives me a visibly more balanced skin tone
not only is it great for exfoliating if you want really smooth fresh looking skin
my makeup goes on smooth
i feel my pores tighten my skin is brighter
my face looks super clean and healthy.
keep my pores clean better than charcoal products
my skin is smoother
i especially like the fact that one side has a bit of a rougher texture for the purposes of exfoliating while the other side is smooth
leaves it looking clean
my skin feels smoother
clean my dace really nicely
these wipes work really well for some gentle exfoliation
my face was smooth like a baby's
this exfoliates well and brightens.
the really deep ones are relaxed.
it's very comfortable on my skin
my skin looked tight
i take good care of my skin--wash
need to be careful with how thick my moisturizer is
also, my complexion looks even toned and calm.
my skin feels a lot smoother
my skin feels tight
my skin felt smooth and hydrated.
or you feel refreshed etc
follow with makeup application my skin looks so flawless
it calms my skin
skin feels hydrated and smooth after use.
matte which i love considering i have really oily skin
this mask leaves my skin feeling so clean
my skin was baby smooth
i still have smooth skin
my skin is so smooth
my skin felt so smooth
leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean!
leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin refreshed
i feel great and my skin feels detox afterwards.
make my skin smoother
my skin was perfectly smooth in texture
masks to hydrate my overly dry skin
it makes your skin feel br
makes my skin feel super smooth
leaves my skin feeling clean
it evens my skin tone
leaves my skin feeling smooth
my skin is smooth
this mask makes my face feel clean
my pores feel tight
your skin looks so clean
because you can exfoliate with it really well
i love the scrubbing effect at the end it leaves your skin feeling refreshed
exfoliate so nicely without drying out my skin
this made my skin smooth
i def feel like my skin is refreshed
it helps even out skin tones
leaves my face feeling smooth
while also nourishing it
it really helps with redness and texture.
comfortable on the skin
when you exfoliate it off it feels amazing
it makes my face smooth
it actually hydrates it as well as leaves it smooth
helps me control the texture on my skin
the gentle exfoliate is awesome because my skin gets irritated pretty easily
makes your skin so smooth
even toned my skin is
my skin now feels like butter.
you get a gentle exfoliation as well as you wash the mask off
leaves my skin feeling
this makes a great hydrating primer
it moisturized my skin
made me look refreshed
makes my skin look healthy
very good for summer if you have combination/oily skin
otherwise it's hydrating and comfortable to wear.
kept me moisturized all day without being too thick or greasy
it makes my skin look flawless
keeps my acne prone skin hydrated
it does a good job keeping my skin moisturized
i my skin is more hydrated and even.
my skin felt more hydrated
it felt extremely moisturized for a mask with that name
my skin is smooth
wake up with nourished skin
it leaves your face very soft and hydrated.
it hydrates your skin so well!
my face feels smooth
in fact my skin feels more bouncy
my skin was so smooth
wake up noticeably hydrated
my skin feels plump
it makes my face smooth
leaves my skin feeling fresh
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
evens my skin tone
it made my skin look so glowy and smooth !
the ultra hydrating rose one makes me break out a little
it does really nourish the skin
it's very moisturizing and smells nice.
leave my face feeling baby smooth
my skin feels hydrated
this one is the only one that gives me moisturized
i wake up with plump moisturized glowing skin
it is the only product that has truly kept my skin hydrated
i love the matte finish look it gives my skin.
in the morning my skin felt so smooth and fresh.
it leaves my skin feeling smooth and hydrated.
evens face tone and brightens amazingly well.
i found that it helped keep my skin calm
my skin feels moisturized every morning
this felt so soothing.
my skin is moisturized
looks visibly more awake
my skin does appreciate getting pampered with them
makes my skin feel smooth
i like that it is more of a light hydration
i actually have dehydrated skin
this keeps my face matte all day
it is perfect for people wit super oily skin like myself
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
it feels super lightweight
i always follow with a regular ph balance gently cleanser
it leaves my skin feeling clean, yet nourished.
it leaves your face feeling clean
when they say "immaculately clean" my face was so clean
it remove my makeup perfectly
it keeps my skin moisturized
a good rinse it feels clean enough
the kicker is my skin looks cleaner
all you need is 1 pump to gentle massage all over your face
this cleanser lathered nicely
i like that my skin feels clean
its so clear, and looks so healthy.
it keeps my eyes from feeling taut
leaves my skin feeling clean and hydrated!
my skin feels so clean
leaves my face feeling smooth
i feel my skin is dryer and craves moisture.
i really liked this product for hydrating the skin under my eyes
also, my eyes look much smoother and hydrated.
my undereyes are so moisturized
it really helps with puffy eyes
make them look hydrated under makeup
the eye area skin feels moisturized
they are very hydrated
still keeps me hydrated
feels super comfy on the skin
my acne spot got visibly lighter
it also made my skin feel smooth
it hydrated my skin
leaves your skin feeling dewey
my skin felt super hydrated in the morning
i loved the smooth finish it gave me while priming my skin for makeup
finally i noticed that my skin stayed moisturized
which gives my face a refreshed
its hydrating without being thick
this oil makes my skin feel moisturized without feeling oily
makes the skin feel hydrated
really improved the texture of my skin
it is hydrating yet not heavy.
i really like this eye cream it tight the eye area feels fresh
it keeps skin moisturized all day
this cream absorbs really well into my skin to make me feel hydrated without feeling like i have some heavy cream on my face
it really helps keep my skin moisturized even with the dry
it leaves my skin very hydrated
it is definitely hydrating
it seems to soak into my skin fairly well
this cream keeps my face moisturized all day
this is the only product that keeps my skin moisturized all day
this cream totally made me skin super moisturized
moisturized the entire day
i'd have to apply it a few times throughout the day to keep my skin moisturized
my skin feels moisturized
leaves the skin hydrated
is awesome at keeping my skin moisturized
it is really light yet hydrating
it is perfect amount of hydration.
i wake up to skin feeling hydrated and smooth.
my skin has never felt so hydrated
it hydrates enough that my skin does not look textured under my foundation
her skin looks very smoothly
it plumps the area nicely for a smooth skin appearance
my eyes are softer and smoother for sure.
i also feel the heat
my eyes are so smooth
the area feels smoother
smooth to the touch skin
it leaves my skin so hydrated
makes my skin look so healthy
it gives you a healthy looking
it did the complete opposite it made my skin look very hydrated
my skin felt so relaxed afterwards
is that weird that my skin "relaxed"?
it felt like i just finished a gentle facial
the oil kept my skin hydrated
this helps calm my skin quicker
still gets good coverage that now looks hydrated
also have noticed more moisturized/smooth skin even without my makeup on
the finish is smooth
it has been helping with keeping my face from looking cakey which is amazing
my skin is hydrated
this helps to calm my skin
doesnt feel slippery or overly oily on the skin
it makes my skin look glowy and healthy!
my skin appears flawless.
it smells fresh and is very cooling.
this is the only moisturizer that makes my skin smooth
hydrated it made my skin
the gel feels cool
supple somewhat of a matte finish which i loved because i wear makeup everyday
it does a good job moisturize my skin without making it feel heavy
this balances my skin perfectly.
it was incredibly hydrating/refreshing for me
still really hydrates the skin
so light and moisturizes so well.
my skin was just so moisturized
very hydrating and soothing for my dry skin.
makes my skin feel so healthy
totally balances out the skin while still hydrating in areas that need
my skin feels so much more supple
looked to dehydrated this morning
my skin looked so hydrated and rejuvenated!
my skin felt very moisturized throughout the day
leaves my skin feeling smooth all day long
it leaves a clean matte finish
the gel texture is so cool!
my skin has never been so hydrated
love this day time moisturized.
it is very hydrating
it has a really clean scent
leaving my skin very hydrated
my skin is hydrated, soft and smooth.
it leaves my skin looking vibrant and awake.
it makes my skin feel youthful
leaves skin so smooth
my skin looks smoother
my skin feels super hydrated
my skin looks more plump
my skin looks even toned
my under eyes feel so hydrated
hydrating, great for under and over your make up!
that's a sure way of saying your eyes are dehydrated
my skin was so smooth
my eye area is smooth
wears smooth all day
so the hydration is adequate
makes my eyes feel dewy
keeps my dry skin moisturized.
it gives your skin the right amount of moisture with a dewy finish
because it said was hydrating
your skin feels perfectly hydrated
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
the sa also told me to warm the gel in between my fingers
would keep my inner corners hydrated at the same time
i wake up to hydrated, soft, glowing skin.
this hydrates my combination skin perfectly.
sake balm seems to soothe and brightens my skin.
this moisturizer is so balanced
leaving skin feeling moisturized
it keeps my skin moist
i love how hydrated
it feels so light-weight
don't get me wrong i like a thick hydrating moisturizer
when i wake up my skin looks hydrated
it's hydrating without being heavy
feels clean and fresh on my sensitive skin.
absorbs and skin feels firmer.
leaves my skin feeling....plump.
this is probably the only thing that has kept my skin hydrated
it dries so nicely on my skin
its a very lightweight texture which is perfect for my oily skin
actually keeps skin moist
the scent is really clean
dehydrated skin around my eyes perking up
i feel like my cheeks
you feel the softness of your skin
this product keeps my skin hydrated all day
the gel texture is so cool
this product actually makes me feel moisturized
it looks more moisturized
this provides the perfect balance of hydration without causing oiliness
my skin felt so hydrated without feeling greasy
the gel texture feel lightweight
it made my skin feel super smooth
since using this night cream my skin tone is more balanced
at the same time i can feel that it is hydrating my skin
my face feels so refreshed
hydrated after applying this
my skin feels hydrated
i think this cream absorbs into my skin well
it keeps my under eye area moisturized and firm.
my under-eye area is much more supple since using it
wears very well under my concealer
feels refreshing and cool and helps depuff.
otherwise very naturally hydrating feel to it
this is so hydrating it's amazing.
i look healthy and not dull.
it is very hydrating
very hydrating, and keeps crows feet at bay.
it works pretty well on my genetically dark/puffy under eye circles
really hydrating eye cream
it is glass and makes me feel so refined!
hydrating without being heavy.
this eye balm is just the right texture
it is sure to shrink the puffiness
absorbs nicely- not greasy.
t certainly helps with the hydrating part
just a cool gel like cream for the eyes!
the delicate skin feels nourished in the morning
the texture is smooth with out feeling greasy.
very lightweight and clean feeling>
great moisture, concealer goes on more smoothly
it definitely calms puffiness
my eyes look refreshed
eye area looks so smooth
i noticed my eye area seemed hydrated
it does make the skin under my eyes look smoother
it keeps my eye hydrates very well.
this cream is great because it moisturizes with out my skin feel greasy a few hours later
clnique--all about eye is good for puffiness
my eyes do seem refreshed
hydrated all day without feeling or looking greasy
makes it feel so safe
), and kept me hydrated throughout the day.
so moisturized after just one use
it moisturized my skin well
my skin feels very moisturized
great for dehydrated skin like mine
supple with everyday use
i need very little in the way of makeup as this cream evenly balances my skin
leaves me feeling moisturized
has commented on how pretty my freshly washed face with immortelle precious applied is
it leaves your skin feeling so clean
this moisturizer goes on so smooth
feels wonderful while still keeping that clean refreshed feeling
absorbs pretty well into skin
my skin stays moisturized all day without getting too oily
my skin always looks more supple
leaves my face hydrated
definitely has helped with hydration
leaves me moisturized without feeling greasy
really hydrates without feeling greasy
this is the first cream i have used that made my skin feel really moisturized
it makes my dry spots moisturized
it leaves my skin feeling clean
makes it look healthy
leaves my face feeling smooth
skin is clean & feels balanced.
this leaves my skin feeling clean
they are so gentle and really clean deep.
just a clean scent really
it makes me feel refreshed
it made my skin feel moisturized
leaves my skin feeling clean
clean feeling while i'm wearing it
my skin felt clean afterwards
frothy cleansing action that left my skin feeling very clean
the cooling sensation felt amazing on my skin
it leaves my skin squeaky clean and refreshed!
after using, skin feels clean and refreshed.
my face feels clean and refreshed
jart cleanser on nights when my skin feels particularly oily
leaves my skin feeling super refreshed
it instantly makes my face feels detoxified without it feeling dry after
leaves it feeling so smooth
it cleanses really well
it foams up so nicely
rinses off clean- leaving your skin feeling fresh
make sure you moisturize right away.
it is so gentle on my skin.
my skin looks clean
they go on smoothly and feel creamy at first.
it definitely wasn't hydrating
it calms my skin very well
it very hydrating definitely purchasing again
leaves skin feeling fresh
my skin feels like a baby.
my skin is very clean
my skin is clean
leave my skin feeling clean
it makes your skin feel so fresh and clean!!!!
my skin looks less "tired"
makes my face feel so clean
my skin feels really clean
this is not a kind of cleanser that leaves skin super moist
this cleanser leaves my face feel clean yet not tight
leaves my skin feeling super clean
skin feels very balanced.
this makes my skin feel super clean
cleanse well and leaves my skin very moist.
my skin feels so fresh after using!
it really cleans the skin well
this leaves my skin feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling smooth
this along with the supple cream provides an excellent canvas for your foundation
felt so much more hydrated
am enjoying a more youthful face as a result
definitely provides the hydration that my skin needs
my skin looks airbrushed and is so smooth.
the texture is so smooth
makes your skin feel so hydrated
it is so hydrating i don't feel the need for a full pump
still makes your feel hydrated
my skin feels so smooth
my skin instantly feels more hydrated after not even a week of incorporating this gem into my skin care routine
this pudding is extremely hydrated
my skin is hydrated
it provides just enough hydration
this has really hydrated my skin
this makes my skin feel super hydrated
my skin would wake-up hydrated
i usually have to exfoliate every other day to keep my skin smooth
these pads make my skin feel refreshed and toned.
my skin is soft and feels hydrated.
make foundation look smooth
in all it made my skin feel plump and smooth.
this moisturizer is very lightweight gel that absorbs nicely without settling atop your skin
i like that this lightweight gel lotion has re-hydrated my skin
keeps it looking moisturized throughout the day
greasy-feeling cream i was using
my skin feel moisturized
it leaves a healthy glow especially good for the mornings i look a little tired
this cream brings life to tired skin
my skin became so smooth .
leaves my skin feeling tightened and refreshed.
this really hydrates the skin
it also has my face feeling extremely hydrated
really enjoy the hydration it provides under my eyes
fairly lightweight eye cream for under eye puffiness
my eye area is hydrated
it feels super fresh on skin
it also helps calm down the itchy
my skin is dehydrated
my skin is night
really makes your skin look dewy
my skin is so much less dehydrated and irritated!
i love this serum--it sinks into your skin amazingly well
gentle face wash that really cleans my skin thoroughly without stripping it bare
makes my skin feeling perfectly cleansed
it leaves your skin feeling clean
i eat very clean
i feel so refreshed
it makes my skin feel super smooth
throughout the day my skin still feels like a baby's skin
very lightweight and doesn't feel greasy.
makes my skin soft, smooth and hydrated.
it leaves my skin feeling very smooth
my skin feels so hydrated
it leaves my skin feeling supple
it leaves my skin feels smooth
absorbs so nicely into your skin
the whole eye area looks hydrated
soaks into the skin nicely
can create an oily feel
this one keeps my skin hydrated
this product is perfect because it has enough moisture to keep me hydrated all day
it's not greasy and really calm the redness!
it feels so lightweight
keeps my skin hydrated all day
loved the quick absorbing and not oily finish.
makes me my skin feel fresh.
it makes your face feel so amazingly fresh
makes my skin feel hydrated
still keeps me moisturized
makes my face feel like it's getting well hydrated
that wasn't quite hydrating enough for me
has a nice texture without being greasy or weighing down
keep my face hydrated
my bb cream adheres perfectly
keeps hydration over the day
it leaves skin feeling refreshed
moisturizers have a delicate balance for me.
if it provides enough hydration
this is the first product i have found to provide hydration while calming my skin
the skin feels hydrated rather than just moisturizer
not fully moisturized the way i would like
loves my skin feeling skin
perfect moisturizer for dry sensitive skin feels amazing
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
just the right amount of hydration
leaves my skin looking healthy
the foreo cleanser leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves my face feeling hydrated
hydrated when i wake up
it really is one of the most hydrating masks i have used
my skin feels so plump
hydrated immediately after i rinse with cool water
it leaves my skin hydrated
it left my skin very soft and hydrated.
it makes me skin so smooth and refresh.
it was nice and hydrating.
after one use my skin felt more moisturized
this mask is very cooling and hydrating.
felt so much more hydrated
it leaves me hydrated and dewy.
my skin feels hydrated, refreshed and brand new!
it even hydrated my super chapped lips!
this mask has left my face feeling cool
it was gentle to my skin as well as cooling feeling
what it does is hydrate the skin quite well with ingredients your skin will love
it makes my skin look clean and feel clean.
my skin feels clean
after taking it off your skin feels so refreshed
i feel so refreshed after using it.
lotion-like feel which is good because my face is already oily
helps my skin feel firm
while i am completely obsessed with farmacy's "sleep tight" moisturizer
this moisturizer is surprisingly hydrating while being light
this keeps me moisturized for hours
it is very hydrating
it keeps my skin moisturized
i feel that it does provide hydration
this has excellent hydrating quality without clogging my pores
i felt that it was thick
obviously we don't wear it as well as the younger women with smooth unwrinkled skin
my face feels so moisturized
this moisturizer is amazing, and healthy/safe.
it works amazing at hydrating my skin
i love to feel hydrated
this combo makes my skin look supple
best of all a smoother texture to the surface of my skin especially for my oily
it calms my skin
it is very fresh, lightweight yet nourishing.
this gives ok moisture
it keeps my skin hydrated and smooth all day.
it is lightly hydrating
i also loved how light the serum was without making me feel or look oily by the end of the day
my skin is clear, moisturized and glowey!!
more moisturized throughout the day
my skin is so hydrated.
it has completely re-hydrated my skin
leaves your skin feeling clean
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves your face feeling very clean
it lathers up nicely.
my dry skin is hydrated
cleans thoroughly and rinses off well.
it it gets it very clean
it leaves it so moisturized
it leaves my skin feelings smooth and hydrated.
would truly clean my skin
perfect as a summer moisturizer since it leaves my skin moisturized
i like how this keeps my oily skin balanced all day
does a very good job of hydrating without feeling greasy
herbivore's lapis oil keeps up with all my skins needs while making it calmer
moisturizes my skin perfectly
has balanced my completely oily
it feels more hydrated
my face feels well moisturized
my skin is nourished
my skin is smooth
helping it look healthy
my face also feels so hydrated.
my skin feels hydrated
i love using oil for oily skin because it does a great job rehydrating
oil feels very soothing
my skin looks smoother
it helps my sensitive skin stay calm.
it sinks perfectly on the skin leaving a healthy appearance
keep my skin hydrated throughout the night
my skin is dehydrated
i get a perfect hydrated
it hydrate my skin without feeling too oily.
still moisturizes so well
keeps my skin hydrated while balancing my skin's oil production
they are loving the results of this nourishing oil
surface shine all without dehydrating the skin
your skin needs it
my skin feels supple
it's very hydrating without feeling heavy at all.
it also feels very comforting after i've shaved
my skin feels fantastic and hydrated.
it absorbed quite nicely
i feel hydrated all day
keeps me balanced where i'm oily
the finish is so nice i'll even use it in the morning under my sunscreen
you'll just be left with hydrated skin
i feel hydrated without being oily
keeps my skin clear and fresh.
the oil really penetrates into the skin without looking or feeling greasy
my skin feels hydrated, not oily!!
my skin stays hydrated longer
keeps my skin hydrated
the lightweight texture is ideal for my sometimes oily skin
it also was a really good exfoliant as well!
this oil heals my scars so fast
your skin will look so healthy.
feels very conditioning with out making my skin feel greasy
not only does this oil do an amazing job of keeping my skin hydrated
the drying environment of my office while staying hydrating
it hydrates my skin so well
this makes my skin so supple and fresh looking!
this oil is very hydrating and healing.
this moisturized my skin even more than the rose hip oil
hydrated and glowy vs. slick and oily.
it provides the perfect amount of moisture for my skin without making it oily
this oil does a very good job hydrating my skin
my skin texture is smoother
my skin is hydrated
absorbs into skin amazingly
no breakouts, skin looks dewy and refreshed!
this makes it feel moisturized
this oil leaves my skin well-moisturized without overdoing it
balances out my oils and really hydrates my skin!
it made my skin so smooth
this kept my skin matte all day
it deeply moisturizes my skin all day
it is the perfect amount of moisture without making my skin feel heavy or oily
my skin looks so well-rested
left my skin feeling so smooth.
i don't think it moisturized my skin a lot
when you rinse it off after 20 minutes your skin feels smooth
leaving your skin feeling clean
they leave my skin amazingly clean
it helps my acne and makes my face feel brighter!
your skin will feel smooth and revitalized.
my skin instantly felt firmer
with only one try my skin is visible hydrated
my skin felt super smooth
my skin is smooth as a baby's
this mask really helps clear up blackheads!
color of gel :p my face was super smooth
my skin has felt smoother
it leaves my skin smooth
it leaves my skin feeling smooth
after my skin was smooth
this makes my skin feel so clean and refreshed.
it's cooling and comfortable on my skin.
it leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my skin is so smooth
leaves my skin feeling clean
my skin is so smooth
gentle exfoliation really evens my skin out
my skin was so smooth
this wash-off mask has great "clean" ingredients
does a nice job exfoliating the skin without making my face feel too dry or tight
today my skin is hydrated and smooth.
i will take gentle and hydrating any day.
your skin truly looks cleaner
you will not feel physical exfoliation
it feels very cooling and tingling.
i like how this is lightweight, yet hydrating.
i do appreciate how hydrating it is
in fact it soothes the skin around my eyes
it hydrates my under eye nicely
so it was not as hydrating as it seemed.
it keeps my eye area moisturized
keeps eye area hydrated all day
it keeps my under eyes hydrated
i just love how it moisturizes
feels so soothing on my tired
really hydrates my under eyes
basically just super hydrating
it hydrates so well
this one keeps my eye supple and no irritation.
my eye area also just looks hydrated and dewy.
wanted to start using an eye cream that will keep that area hydrated without feeling greasy
it is so soothing to my eyes.
it's hydrating without being greasy.
it brightens my eyes very well.
it's a very hydrating eye cream
my under eye area feels very soft and hydrated.
leaving my skin feeling moisturized
feeling of my under-eye skin
moisturizing enough that my eye area doesn't feel tight
it is very hydrating
this makes my skin feel hydrated
this product made my skin smooth
a must have skin care product for dehydrated
my skin felt firmer
my skin has felt smoother & more supple.
my skin not only appears more hydrated
my skin is smoother
and sleep tight balm in the p.m.
my face feels very clean and fresh.
my skin felt so much more hydrated
it preps my skin nicely for makeup or moisturizer
this is the last cleanser in my routine because it is very foamy
my skin stayed hydrated
gives me a smooth canvas to work with
makes my face feel fresh.
my skin is so glowy
my skin is more plump
i feel like my skin gets smoother
makes my skin look super healthy
my skin looks so nice, smooth and supple!
this serum helped lighten brown spots while keeping the rest of my complexion clear
it's helped calm the redness i have
made my skin smooth
it definitely hydrated my skin
this gives my skin life
that my skin was balanced
my skin looks so hydrated
provides a good amount of hydration
this one soaks into the skin nicely
i feel like my skin stays matte with the use of this product
this gel makes my skin so soft & alive.
my skin feels firm & smooth.
my foundation gets very blotchy
moisturizes make make my face look really greasy >_<
it hydrates my skin nicely
not hydrating enough to use at night
my skin felt nice and definitely moisturizing.
although it doesn't give my skin that nourished feeling
it keeps my skin smooth all day
keeps my face hydrated
really like the way it moisturized my face
makes my skin feel hydrated
the gel made my face feel very hydrated
moisturized throughout the whole day
this moisturizer goes on very smooth
gives a cooling feel to the skin
this gel gives the most refreshing feeling!
moisturized without being greasy
the gel texture feels good on your fingers
i find that i have to layer on a thicker cream on top of the gel because my face still feels a bit tight
then you plump hydrated skin
leaves it hydrated after
wanted to cleanse my skin better
leaves my skin clean
i think it works wonderfully to lightly cleanse
it really cleansed my skin
def makes the skin feel clean
it is so gentle and it cleans so well.
it is a very gentle cleanser that gives you a squeaky clean finish
it leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves my face smooth
this is a very satisfying way to cleanse your face
your skin feels clean
leaves it feeling really clean
leaves the skin pretty clean
my skin is so smooth now!!
my skin feels refreshed
it lasting so long its a good gentle cleanser
my face feels refreshed
it leaves my face smooth
fresh feeling when i rinse
definitely leaves the skin feeling thoroughly cleansed
cleans my makeup off very well
cleans without making my super oily skin feel stripped
the foam is pretty cool.
my face feels clean
leaves my face feeling extremely clean
my skin feels clean
it really cleaned my skin
my face feels so clean!
this one keeps my skin balanced
my skin looked and felt clean and fresh.
a really great cleanser that lightly cleanses
it left my combo skin feeling very balanced.
it left my skin feeling smooth
it leaves my skin so smooth and hydrated.
this leaves my skin so soft and hydrated!!!
my mature skin needs all the hydration i can offer it
it made my skins really hydrated
the foam is fun to massage around your face
skin feels hydrated and soft afterwards.
it leaves my skin supple
my skin got noticeably more hydrated
it helps me with moister
it mades my skin feel so smooth
it smooth out my complexion
hydrated feeling that my skin was lacking
it is very hydrating
my skin looks smoother
make it very moisturized
my skin feels plumper and just "good".
my skin feels plumper
i also like that you can use this to moisturize your lips as well
i did feel a bit more refreshed
this really helps with my puffiness!
it's lightweight almost gel texture gone on perfectly under my under eye concealer
makes my eyes feel soothed as well
my skin in smoother
makes my skin smooth
it wears well under my eye makeup
it is very light weight but moisture.
though: just make sure to exfoliate with a gentle exfoliator
amazingly i can see my acne spots fading.
it has a very weightless texture that absorbs very well into my dry skin
my skin is evening out nicely.
make sure to always moisturize!
my skin feels smoother
helps my skin a lot with texture.
your skin feel super clean
my skin feels smoother
made my skin look fresh
the texture of my skin was so smooth.
this exfoliator is gentle enough to use with my clarisonic to get a really clean face
it has all the ingredients you need to clear hyper-pigmentation
smooth out the skin
i get the feeling of very clean
good deep cleansing exfoliator really gets below the skin to help clear it out
it is a gentle exfoliator that really freshens up your complexion without being too harsh or abrasive
keeps my pores clean
my skin feels so smooth
leave the skin supple
fast face always feels clean
people always advised me to exfoliate
leaves my skin looking
it looks so clear and smooth.
it makes my skin feel smooth
the scrub is just enough to feel clean
i still need to use a very good facial oil after
makes your face so smooth
exfoliates my face feeling so smooth after
it makes my skin smooth
primes it perfectly for makeup
my skin is less smooth
it makes my skin smooth
my skin is left smooth
my skin feels fresh after use.
pat my face dry my skin feels incredibly smooth like it's just been polished
i still recommend a moisturizer to follow to keep your skin supple
my skin looks more healthy
my skin is smooth to the touch
keeps my skin feeling fresh
the cleanser is good you can feel it does exfoliate your skin
leaves my skin clean
just make sure to thoroughly massage your skin with your damped h
i like my face to feel squeeky clean
is way more supple
when my whole cleaning regimen is done my skin feels incredibly soft
is quite easy to be rinsed off
you can feel your skin getting clean
the ingredients seemed safe
s on a dry face cleanses perfectly
my face feels refreshed
really calms my skin down
cleans my skin well after i wash.
this is hydrating and refreshing even in winter!
it really hydrates my skin
makes face feel smooth
my skin is clean
i love how well it cleans my skin
it leaves my face feeling smooth and clean.
gives a good deep clean that leaves the skin feeling smooth
this cleanser is so gentle!
my skin is clean
leaves the skin feeling smooth
it works perfectly with my skin
it keeps my skin feeling smooth
made look so healthy
my skin is so flawless
my skin feels fresh
the cleanser leaves a cooling sensation on your skin which i personally like
it makes my skin feel clean and fresh!
i love how clean my skin feels
although it helped calm my acne
it has really helped calm my breakouts
this cleanser helps keep my pores clean.
it cleans my skin very well
only thing that i can not stress enough is use a good hydrating moisturizer
seems to really help calm breakouts
feels refreshing on the skin as well.
my face feels so refreshed after using this
my face feels clean
my skin feels tight
it lathers really well
one thing it really helps with is calming irritation
it leaves my face refreshed
i can feel my pores being cleaned.
murad keeps my skin clear
my skin feels really clean
i especially love that it cools your skin after use
leaves you feeling clean.
works so beautifully with my makeup application- skin looks so healthy
my skin is smoother
my skin looks moisturized
gentle enough to leave face with a smooth
leaves my skin so soothed
leaves my skin feeling ph balanced
refines it while being very hydrating
moisturized my skin feels after using this
leaves my skin feeling refreshed
very very gentle exfoliation
it is also surprisingly hydrating
leaves my skin extremely supple
massage with a little bit of warm water
the feel of it while massaging my skin
my face feels so smooth like a babies bottom .
leaves my skin smooth and fresh!
feels very soothing on your skin
plus it's pretty fun massaging this in until the exfoliating particles completely dissolve
it's helped my skin stay moisturized
has help make my skin so balanced
leaves the skin hydrated
my skin feels nourished
it leaves my skin hydrated and clean.
it is so hydrating
my dry skin feels so supple
glides so nicely over my skin
also just keeps my skin looking healthy
i feel this will be my go to balm cleanser
it makes my skin so plump and hydrated.
because i feel that it hydrates my skin without being overly oily
leaves my skin feeling so smooth
very nice cleansing balm
leaves skin feeling soft and hydrated.
really cleans my skin
it leaves the skin very supple
it leaves my skin perfectly moisturized
my skin feels very hydrated and isn't dry.
it is very hydrating
a clean hydrating skin cleanser that also removes make-up
leaves your face feeling clean
makes for the perfect skin cleansing routine
it goes on very light, not oily and moisturizes.
foundation looks very smooth
leaves it feeling very dewey
my skin felt smooth
planes are very hydrating
leaves my skin feeling clean
it leaves your skin feeling both clean
my skin is so smooth
this product is very hydrating
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my face looks and feels smoother and polished.
the softness of the cleanser to be a really relaxing way to start my day
a very good cleanser to boot
ter against that skin leaving your skin hydrated
washes off very clean
my skin is also really moisturized and smooth!!
leaves your skin feeling hydrated
moisturizing that i felt like the real benefits were being washed away after i cleansed a second time with my clarisonic
it leaves my skin so refreshed
love this product because if gives a great clean feel without the residue feelongated like other cleansing balms
i'd been yearning for a nuface gel i can keep on my skin
it gave me healthy
it leaves my skin hydrated and not feeling tight.
i also like to put it on my lips while i'm massaging my face with it because when i rinse it off my lips feel hydrated
my skin felt very hydrated and smooth afterwards.
it makes my skin look very supple
my skin continued to stay hydrated the days after
this mask not only moisturized
it's much more moisturized
the mask is very comfortable to sleep in
my skin is sooo smooth.
my skin feels younger and softer.
my skin is smooth
provides excellent hydration with no oily residue
plus it felt smooth and calm.
this mask makes my skin hydrated
this sleep mask is wonderful for someone with my super dry skin
wake up with supple
your skin is super hydrated
really hydrated my skin.
was pleasantly surprised by how hydrating this was
it was easy to rinse off
my skin felt fresh
in the morning my skin felt smooth
your skin will feel smooth
the skin seemed really supple
it feels weightless on skin
this overnight moisturizer sleep mask goes on very smoothly
my skin felt fresh and rejuvenated!
the overnight hydration makes my skin look years younger
the consistency of the mask was cool
skin felt smooth and moisturized in the morning.
it feels like a very hydrating moisturizer
