the smell is incredible
i first discovered this bar because of the great smell
the only thing that bothered me initially was the smell
it does smell a bit weird
the smell takes some getting used to
the smell is worth it
i like the smell
the smell is amazing, yet not overpowering.
it works amazing and smells divine.
first of all it smells amazing.
this one smells quite luxurious.
i love the smell and texture as well.
i noticed that it smelled so good
i personally love the smell of it.
this is super fun to use and it smells great.
i also loved that this product has such a nice scent to it
it smells so good
it has a pleasant smell
i loved the smell
le that kind of smell
it smells great too!
smell is amazing very tropical
plus the smell is fabulous
it smells very faintly of a lovely smell that i just can't place
it smelled so good
the glamglow gravitymud mask smells amazing.
not to mention, the scent is incredible!
just the smell is worth buying lol!!!
smells freaking unreal like summer
it smells so good
with no sticky residueit smells a lot like ointment
not only does it smell delicious
smells great and absorbs very nicely too.
and i also love the smell.
only thing i don't like is the smell
it's not very strong scent luckily
it smells bit odd to me at first
it does not have an overpowering smell.
it smells fresh and i like the scent.
it doesnt feel too heavy or greasy or have a strong smell
this is lightweight- and smells great.
not overpowering at all
i just do not enjoy the smell
this stuff smells sooooooo good
love the way the product smells.
i never noticed a smell.
it smells so fresh
yes i love it because it has a great smell
it does have a faint alcohol smell though
there is no harsh smell which is great
it smells great and doesn't feel greasy at all.
smells great and is such a deep clean.
it also smells great
it smells like summer
it doesn't even have a strong smell
i personally don't like the smell of this product
and the smell is so nice!!
it also smells so so so good!
this cleanser has a great smell
love the smell too.
it smells soooo good, and is so creamy.
plus the smell is super refreshing especially in the mornings
it smells absolutely heavenly
it smells great and makes my skin feel amazing.
this smells great and makes my skin feel clean.
the smell is perfect in the morning
the current face wash i'm using started getting a weird medicinal smell
it also smells delicious!
not totally loving the smell
this cleanser smells amazing!
the smell is wonderful
the smell omg the smell
this product feels and smells amazing.
this stuff brings balance to my face like no other formula plus it smells great its a short lived smell
first of all, it smells delicious.
foams ups just a little bit and has a fair smell.
it was like i could feel the smoke
it smells so good
this helps a lot and has little to no smell!
i saw some reviews that hated the scent
to me it has no scent which i appreciate
the scent doesn't bother me
it just smells natural
about the smell: it does not smell bad to me
however it smells like what it is
there is no bad scent to this product.
there also isn't a smell.
the smell is very light
it absorbs quickly and has no odor whatsoever.
i didn't even notice the smell at all
to me the product is very much worth the smell
it doesn't have any smell
no harsh smell just perfect.
the smell is heavenly which is an added bonus!
this mask smells amazing!
i usually find the smells of masks not too appealing
it smells sooo good, too.
this product smells and feels great on the skin.
a big bonus is the smell.
sometimes with holy grail beauty products you get a terrible smell
this smells so good you could eat it.
and it smells like oranges too
it also smells good
it smells great also which is always a plus.
not to mention it smells incredible
it smells amazing and feels great on my skin.
this mask not only smells great
it smells so good and feels amazing on.
it smells and feels so good as well!
it smells so good
the smell is really delightful
it smells so good
smelled strongly of honey which i personally liked
i love the smell of this, yumm!!!!
note: the scent smells like delsym
the product smells amazing!
i love this mask because not only does it smell amazing
firstly, it smells amazing.
it has a very good orange-like smell.
it smells so good!
it also smells good which is a big plus
as soon as i opened this product it smelled amazing
this mask smells amazing, first off.
make my skin feel refreshed & smells amazing!
the orange smell is so great
both reek havoc on my skin.
great smell and makes my skin feel great
it has a pleasant smell that i love for in the morning
omg it smells awesome
it smelt like heaven
to me this mask has a weird smell
it smells so good
this mask not only smells amazing
i love the smell and the texture.
the smell is fantastic
this cleanser smells good
this product offers a nice smell
it smells wonderful -- genuinely refreshing
the only thing i dislike is the smell
reminds me of a moudly shower smell?
it works well, and smells great!
it has a good consistency and smells devine.
it may smell like hay
it smells great and lathers easily.
very pleasant smelling and gentle.
smell is okay which is why i gave it 4 star instead of 5 star for good product with great smell
this product smells great.
it does have a strong charcoal smell
i saw lots of reviews complaining about the smell
i don't smell anything unusual while wearing it.
i love the smell of this product it's so calming
i don't think the smell is bad at all.
i also love the smell!
the smell not so great
the smell is terrible
good mask, but it smells horrid..
looks awesome, smells great and works amazing!
the smell is horrendous to my nose
putting the smell aside
i don't mind the smell at all!
the smell is a little unpleasant
i am sensitive to smell
the smell is lovely
the smell is pretty horrendous!
smell is a little weird
the smell didn't bother me at all
my skin looked amazing the smell was great to
at first the smell was iffy
what a nice feeling and smelling mask!
the smell is sort of bad but you get past it.
why people are complaining of the smell
i personally believe it smells great
the smell is not bad
mask also smells great .
i didn't smell anything bad with the product
it has a strong scent that may be overpowering to some people
the smell is different at first
it smells so great
i really like the smell of the product it's very subtle
the charcoal does have a strong smell
it has a great smell
i love the way it smells
other bonus is the smell is great!
the smell might be a little intense
the smell goes away once you wash it off
it does have a terrible smell
however the smell may be too strong
n love with the smell
the whining about the smell
i didn't notice the smell others mentioned.
the smell is strong
it smells great too
it smells and feels wonderful.
as it smells really nice
it does have a smell when first applied
it also smells nice
the smell concerned me at first
you can't even smell it
it has a nice and natural smell, like oranges.
this stuff is amazing and smells so good.
this smells so good.
it absorbs fast, smells great and is all natural.
i love this product and the smell of it too!
plus it smells really nice
it smells fantastic too!
plus it smells great
to start it smells amazing it's like oranges.
it smelled very nice
the oil smells great and absorbs nicely.
it smells so delicious
it's got a citrus smell that isn't too strong.
i absolutely love the smell of this product
it smells incredible - so clean & fresh.
this smells even better
the light smell is so nice and doesn't linger.
smells perfect (not too strong) very soothing.
first of all it smells great.
it doesn't give any weird smell.
i don't really like the smell
it's just the smell
some people are saying it smells good
smells like avacado i guess.
it doesn't have a smell nor does it irritate my eyes
it does smell like some kind of oil
not only does it smell great
i still felt like i could smell it for a while after
mine doesn't smell funky
it literally smells like spoiled milk when first put on
when it drys the smell it gone.
the only minor issue is the smell
smells great and feels good on my skin
in my case i did not find that it smelled bad at all
don't have to smell it
great product but has an odd smell.
the only thing that bothers me is the smell of this product
it smells strong to me because i am very sensitive to scent
this product also smells nice.
it doesn't even have a strong smell
it also smells nice.
it smells like plastic when you put it on
the smell goes away
it also has a nice smell to it.
it has a very pleasant smell
i love that it does not have a weird smell
it definitely has a smell
it is not a bad smell
it smells nice, and is refreshing.
it's smell good easy to use and work well.
i just wish it didn't smell so weird.
it also smells fantastic!
i don't get any overwhelming scent
i cannot get over the smell
it literally smells like dog shampoo which isn't bad it's just not something i like to smell as i'm washing my face
scent is not too strong at all
it does smell odd, but i wouldn't say bad.
this also has an amazing smell
it smells so nice
the smell is heavenly
the smell is so good
this product smells gross
for the bad after smell i just use some toner
it smells like a dream
not only does it smell amazing
i love the smell.
the smell is really light
i am sensitive to smell
the smell of this cleanser doesn't bother me at all
reliable natural cleanser that doesn't smell horrible
great fresh clean smell!
smell is light not over powering soft beach like smell
plus, it doesn't have perfum, but it smells good.
it also smells really nice, like lavender.
smells great and works perfectly.
it smells lovely and it foams up very quickly!
love the smell of it.
smells good with cute packaging.
the smell isnt great but it isnt horrible either.
not at all overpowering
smells great and lasts forever!
i love the smell of this!
i love the way this smells
the smell makes you think tht its going to sting
its such a refreshing smell and it feels amazing.
this oil feels/smells so lovely.
smells and feels delicious on my skin.
the smell is also amazing.
it smells soooo good- exactly like fruit loops
my boyfriend loves the smell.
the smell isn't that bad compared to other skin creams
plus it smells so wonderful and natural!
it also has a great but not overwhelming smell.
it felt nice as well as smelling nice
the smell of it is amazing!
the scent is not so noticeable to me
plus it smells really nice!
this cream smells amazing
i love the smell, it smells absolutely divine.
it smells better than the old formula
the smell is really nice too.
i love the smell
at first, it reeks of alcohol.
it's so lightweight and smells amazing!
also the smell is amazing.
the smell is luxurious and it works!!
the smell is divine.
it has a strong rose smell but i don't mind it.
it has a beautiful smell
not too heavy and it smells wonderful.
smell is great too!
the smell is amazing
the scent doesn't bother me
it smells great too
not only does it smell amazing
as for the smell... i love it!!
i love the smell.
i absolutely love the smell
it does smell like roses
smells very nice and classic rose sent.
i love the smell of roses so this is perfect for me
it does have a strong smell
and the smell is amazing.
you cant beat the smell
i love rose smell
it does have quite a strong rose smell
so of course it smells like rose
it smelled a little funny
it does smell like rose
especially if you like the smell of fresh roses
the oil smells good
definitely worth it and smells good to!
and it smells beautiful too!
the scent is not really the same
this brightening oil smells amazing
bonus: it smells great too
it does have a pretty heavy scent
the smell goes away
i like the smell of roses so didn't mind too much
faint smells that decipates with time not bothersome at all
also has a very appealing rose smell.
the only thing i didn't like much is the strong perfume smell
stupid me thought this smelled amazing
love the way it smells
it's got a nice light scent and feels great.
smells amazing and feels so great.
i usually love the smell of clarins products
cannot get over how good it smells
it smells great too!
smells great, lightweight and fast absorbing.
this product smells great
i also like how it always smell fresh
smell surprised me at first
smells great and my skin has never felt better.
i love the smell
it also has a great refreshing smell!
this smells really good too
the smell is another perk!
not to mention it smells great
for the price this is amazing and smells so good.
it smells amazing and does wonders for your skin!
i really do enjoy this product because of the smell
the smell is weird for face products
has a pleasant odor as well
it also smells really good and refreshing!
i love the smell and the consistency.
oh, and it also smells absolutely fantastic!
the smell of this is lovely as well..
the only thing i dislike about the fresh one is that the smell is very strong
i really do like the scent
i love the way it smells
i love the way this smells!
pleasant scent, nothing overwhelming.
there is no smell
i also like how there isn't really much of a smell to this cream compared to others that have a strong fragrance
i like it better when there's not much of a scent
it really isnt noticeable which i like because i dont like strong scents
the first thing i always do is smell it
light smell, not overpowering.
feel gentle on my skin without any strange smells
reactions to find a decent eye cream that does not have a strong scent
i love the smell
i am not crazy about the smell
it smells so good
it smells so yummy!!
it smells great too!
though i'm not enamored with the smell
i really love the texture and smell of this oil.
scent not too strong, just right.
it also has a nice smell
the smell is nice
if anything i would say it's next to odorless
it has a good smell to it too.
smell is light and refreshing.
the mask itself smells amazing
light weight, smells great.
this product smells nice
the smell is nice
it is lightweight, pleasant smelling.
the smell is great
the smell is amazing
tried this last night and i love the smell!
it smells nice and cleans great.
this bar smells really nice tho.
it all smells soooo good!
it smells good too.
the smell is a little iffy
did i mention how delicious it smelled?!
it smells really good which is a plus.
it has a pleasant smell even though it's not scented
as i am highly sensitive to smells
the only imperfection of this was it having a strong chemical alcohol smell to it
the only thing i didn't like was the smell.
the first thing i thought of when i smelled this was pickle juice
it smells amazing and it feels nice.
this cream smells so good
love how it also smells like fresh roses.
it seriously smells so nice
smells just like roses
i love how this smells!
not to mention the smell is to die for.
it smells so good
smells beautiful but very faint.
not only does it smell wonderful- its very lightweight
some people complain about the smell
it smells so good
the only problem i have with it is the smell.
though it's not a bad smell if you like roses it is very overwhelming
the smell is also great.
it's not too strong but you can smell it.
bonus: it smells nice and refreshing.
the smell is amazing.
because it smells amazing
this smells so nice and is so calming.
plus it smells amazing
the scent is really nice
the smell is incredible.
it smells absolutely divine.
it's a very soft rose smell
also, the smell is really pleasant.
i love the smell
the smell is supposed to be rose
another thing is that the smell is just gorgeous.
i love the the clean smell
plus the smell is great too!
i love the smell too.
the smell is light
this product smells so good.
it smells absolutely amazing
gave 4 stars because of the smell.
the odor is unpleasant to me
i love the way it smells
why other reviews don't like the smell of this product
because this absolutely does not have a strong scent
it's quite a lovely smell
it smells so nice
i actually really like the smell of this product
smell is a little strong
it smells very fresh
the smell doesn't bother me at all actually after i put it on my face i actually like the smell
personally i don't detect any overwhelming smell at all
it also smells amazingly fresh
it smells so fresh
she did make a comment about the smell
she loves the cucumber smell so that worked out well
i saw someone said this smelled like cucumbers?
you can't smell it
i love the smell .
this product does have a smell to it
the smell is kind of overwhelming at times
only down side is the smell of it
smells so clean a fresh.
i love the fresh smell
the smell is so invigorating!!
it smells amazing and it makes my mouth water!
the smell is really nice
smells great and makes my skin feel smooth
it smells amazing as well as works wonders!
as a bonus this stuff smells amazing too!
it smells so good.
this stuff smells great
i love how it smells.
what probably caught me the most was the smell
the smell is also very refreshing.
the way it smells
i love how it so light and the smell is amazing.
the smell is quite pleasant
not greasy even tho is not one of my favorite smell
why people are complaining about the smell though
it kinda smells like a perfume!
i actually loved the smell and the product!
it smells so clean
i would definitely not call this a strong scent
i kept smelling my fingers to get a whiff
that is the strong scent you are smelling.
i personally think the smell is amazing!
i love the way it smells too!
i am personally obsessed with the smell
i didn't like the smell at first either
this product smells amazing
my boyfriend also loves the smell.
the smell is definitely distinctive
i love the smell
in fact when i first smelled it i was in love just because of the scent
i love the smell of this product
as for the smell, i really like it!
it smells mostly like pine to me which is totally fine
and i really love the smell of it.
at first smell put me off
probably because i've never smelled saffron
oh and it smells awesome.
some people had commented on the smell
i love this elixir is amazing at first the smell was overwhelming
it reminds me of the subtle smell in dior products
i love the smell
i think it smells wonderful
yes the smell isn't for everyone
don't be turned off by the smell of this product.
i, personally, like the smell.
i absolutely love the smell!
i don't know what people are complaining about because the floral smell is quite lovely
i think it smells amazing
not to mention the amazing scent
and the smell is so wonderful!
this does have a smell for about 20 seconds
i absolutely love the way this product smells
the smell is awful
for people complaining about the smell
taste is a little different at first
the smell is just lovely
the smell is light
i am also uncomfortable with the smell in the beginning
smell is always a personal preference
i absolutely love the smell of this!!!
besides the awesome smell
great smell....so universal.
i looooove the way it smells
gosh i love the smell
so soft and smooth and smells wonderful!
the smell is earthy yet clean
i don't like its smell, but it is not too bad.
the smell of the cleanser isn't bad
the smell is a little strong
this product has a neutral smell
the smell isnt my favorite but its mild.
the smell is wonderful!
smells great but light.
the smell didn't bother me
as for the smell
they all have a bit of smell
the smell is not overly fantastic
it's just the natural ingredients that makes it smell that way
i also really like the smell.
and i love the smell and cooling sensation.
love the smell- smells like cucumbers to me.
it also smells like that ocean, which i love.
it has a nice smell, not to strong.
maybe they got a defective product because it smells like cucumbers not cigarettes
the product has a distance smell
the only con for me is the smell.
people complain about a smell
does it smell good?
does good genes smell good?
although i like the way luna smells
the smell is bad.2.
a lot of people have complained about the smell
i immediately loved the smell.
to me it smelled like fresh cucumbers
not everyone loved the smell
i took off a star because i'm not fond of the smell
very light weight smells great
it smells so good
i like the clean smell of this cream.
the smell is clean
not at all overpowering
it smells wonderful and has a great consistency.
i like the smell.
plus i love the way it smells.
the smell is way better than the old version
not to mention it smells amazingg.
no odor whatsoever as well which is a bonus for scent-sensitive people like myself
it's very gentle and smells great.
had a light refreshing scent that i really liked while not clogging my pores at all
also this stuff smells literally like froot loops
it smells amazing too
there is no strong scent at all.
but overall, great product..also smells amazing!
this smells very nice with a light rose scent.
it smells good with light rose tone.
it is fast absorbing and it smells amazing!
it's smells great, and makes me skin feel great.
smells great, feels fresh, i love it!
the smell is awesome and extremely relaxing.
first off, it smell great.
i do not detect any hint in that in the smell
the smell is so mild
the smell is quite mild.
the smell of this product
it is an unusual smell
on top of it, it smells incredible and rich.
it has a wonderful faint soft smell.
it also has a nice scent that isn't too strong.
the smell is mild and nicely refreshing.
this stuff is amazing from the smell to how soft
it has a very nice mild smell nothing over powering
the smell is great...very light/mild.
when immediately made me happy because i hate the smell of oil
there's not an overwhelming scent
it had a natural smell to it.
it's not perfume so who really cares what it smells like as long as it works?
i do not detect any hint in that in the smell
the smell is so mild
i actually enjoy the smell
smell does not bother me at all.
at first i was iffy because there is a smell to it-at first-
others mention a smell however when using full size product out of pump there is no smell
but you get over the smell.
yes it doesn't smell great
because of that i can forgive the smell.
everyone always says the smell turns them off
the smell isnt even that bad
the smell isn't the best (i'm being nice here.
smell isn't that horrible
smells kind of like a gr
i've never noticed the smell in a lot of reviews
when you first open it it has a smell of alcohol
once i applied it it doesn't smell
once i smelled it
it has no smell.
although i did detect a scent i'm not sure if it was an added scent or the natural smell of the ingredients
it smells so good.
both have the same smell consistency
the smell is very good as well.
it smells amazing and it doesn't sit on my face.
but it smells so good!!!!
and it doesn't smell bad.
and the smell is great!
the smell is super refreshing
this stuff smell amazing
it smells amazing and gives a nice fresh glow.
smells like other tsubaki products from boscia
i love the smell
i can get past the smell
if you can get past the funky smell
i love the way it smells
i love the subtle smell of this product
it smells really nice
i wouldn't call it a "tingling" feeling
i love the smell.
the smell is not the most favorable
mother's cold cream smelled like in the 50's
the smell of this product is great
this is a nice smelling.
surprisingly it smells wonderful
the smell is amazing
the smell kind of threw me
it doesn't smell awful
it also doesn't smell that great
it smells good to me
i love the smell
the smell is a bit strong
i know someone that has compared the smell to dettol-
the scent is strange thats why i only give it 3
its got a very natural smell
this mask smells really good
it smells amazing and has a nice tingle.
the smell lightly lingers and i love that.
smell is not my favorite though.
they smell so good
the smell is a bit nasty
the smell is fantastic
this does not have a strong smell to it
love the feel and smell of this.
smells lovely as well.
it also has a very very light smell which i love!
the smell is amazing
it smells a little funny
another thing is the weird smell
i'll take the weird smell over fragrance any day
i smelled no fragrance
i love how this smells.
it does have a strong smell
i really like the smell
it's very rich smelling
it has this awesome distinctive smell i just can't place that makes me think of like
not to mention the amazing smell, i love it all!
the main reason i love this product is due to it's smell
it smells just like skittles and it is amazing.
it smells so delicious
it has the added bonus of smelling nice
so beautiful on the skin with a smell that makes you want to eat it for dessert
it smells soooo good.
i like the smell.
bonus, it smells great!
i see a lot of complaints about the scent
the smell is fantastic too- reminds me of candy.
it smells like happiness
it's very sweet and smells really cheap.
the smell is amazing too!
the smell is def overwhelming though
smells like summer in a jar.
the smell is harmless
smells like dreamsicle and is very versatile.
it smells so amazing!
i can't rave enough about how incredible it smells
it smells really, really good.
and it smells like the beach.
told me how amazing my face smelled
it smells like an orange dreamsicle when first applied
was in love with the smell
it smells like childhood creamsicles
plus, the smell is absolutely divine!
i wouldn't mind smelling it all day because it reminds me of summer
it smells absolutely devine!
also, it smells so good!
honestly the smell is so amazing
it smells so clean and citris like.
it is a decent moisturizer i just really love the smell
it smells so good
not only does it smell amazing
plus it smells absolutely amazing
it does smell sweet, but i like it.
the only thing i don't like about it is the weird smell
i love the smell and the slight glow.
love the feel and smell of this product.
smells great and works well
y like smell to it
it smells like creamsicle
it smells so good
it smells really bad?
it sort of reminds me of the smell of hay
the smell is a little odd
i love the smell by the way
i don't care too much for the smell
i love the smell, the feel, the results.
i do not love the smell
the only complaint is the smell is umm different
i just don't like the scent at all
plus it smells good/pleasant.
pleasant scent that goes away very quickly
it lathers up nicely and smells quite good too.
doesn't really have a smell to it
i am not a fan of the smell though
best i've used, and i love the smell!!
i don't smell anything
the first thing i noticed was the smell it smelled like citrus fruits
the smell is pretty good.
the 2-1 cleanser smells amazing
love the product but do not like the smell.
the things i dont like: it kind of smells like elmers glue
the smell is indeed glue-like.
i don't smell any fragrance as opposed to other reviews
in my opinion it doesnt have any smell.
it doesn't smell either which i really like.
i love the way it smells
addicting smell that i can't get enough of.
it smells so good i'm going to be sad when i run out of it
i see people complaining about the scent
it smells good too
i love the smell
this moisturizer literally smells like heaven
amazing smell great feel
the smell leaves after rubbed in
i also love the unique smell.
first i love the smell and texture .
the smell is very nice too
some people thing the smell is too strong
the smell is not bad
doesn't smell the best
i love the smell (it's not for everyone).
the smell is amazing
it has a soft clean smell, not perfumy at all.
i actually love the smell
i also love the smell.
also this smells pretty good.
i really like the smell
at first i wasn't sure about the scent
i don't smell anything
i saw some comments about an overpowering smell
as for the smell i don't use a lot of it
i really dislike the smell
i personally love the smell.
it smells awesome too.
i like the smell
also, it smells nice
i realized that i hadn't noticed the smell
also the smell is not bad like everyone has been mentioning
it has a weird smell
i love the smell and feel of it.
i don't get a strong smell from it.
it's more of a light, pleasant smell.
the smell is a little strange
and i love the smell!!!
the smell didn't bother me like some reviewers.
the smell is a bit much though.
it doesn't smell as good as i'd imagined
very light clean smell that goes away fast
i do notice that it has a smell
it also has a very nice scent
although it doesn't smell amazing
doesn't smell weird and will travel well.
it doesn't have any weird smells to it
also, the smell definitely is not that great.
the only downside is the strong smell
it dries quickly and has no odor that i noticed.
yes the alcohol smell is intense at the beginning
other than that it smells
i know this mask has a strong smell
the smell is really strong
the odor only bothers my while i apply it
i actually like the smell
the smell is strongish
it has a strong citrus smell, i personally like.
it doesn't smell that strong
no way is the scent that bad.
people talk about the smell
it smells like all other face creams to me.
has a very light smell
the smell is so good
just so nice to smell
the smell is ok for me
now onto the smell
i all like different smells
it has nice smell and light.
smells great and is calm on my skin.
i love the way it smells
has no overpowering smell
the smell is really not that bad at all i actually enjoy it
i don't mind the smell.
it's perfect and smells great.
it smells great as well.
smells a little weird though
there isn't much of a smell to the product
i also enjoy the smell.
it's a very refreshing smell.
the smell is very faint.
i got it in the mango scent hopefully they keep it permanent because it smells so nice
it's a very comfortable mask with a nice smell.
it smells really lovely
the product itself smelled good not like a chemical kind of smell
i like the smell- although i'd prefer no smell
the smell is great
love the smell too.
there is no fragrance it just smells fresh.
i personally love the refreshing smell
the smell is pleasant too!
even has a nice scent to it.
no the smell isn't great
i think this product is wonderful with an amazing smell
has a light pleasant smell
this oil is super gentle and smells nice.
the murad has an odd, almost stale smell.
i actually loved the greenish smell
i personally love the smell
i personally love the smell
love it.and it smells fresh
the smell is fantastic
the smell is different but not over powering!!!
first, the smell is fresh.
i like the smell of it
i love the smell
smells good and feels good on.
i am actually a fan of the smell
first, a bit alcohol smelling but that bad to me.
love the light formula and smell.
it has no smell.
it also smells really good!
it's lightweight and smells pretty good.
since i'm pretty sensitive to smells
it smells nice as a bonus
it's awesome and you can barely smell the spf.
it also smells amazing!
yes the smell isn't the best
yes the smell is strong
that being said the scent is very strong
it has a natural smell to where you know the ingredients are really good in it
as for the smell
the odor does dissipate by the time i'm ready to walk out the door
first thought was how the smell is different
smell is interesting but is not a problem for me.
not the best smell
the only downside is the smell
it has a weird smell that you have to get used to
the scent is very unpleasant
like all sunday riley products, it smells bad.
the stench dissipates pretty quickly
smells far worse than no scent at all
the smell can be strong
i actually like how it smells
also, it smells absolutely divine.
does it smell fantastic
and a few comments to the smell?
man this stuff smells terrible.
it doesn't smell good though
heard a lot of people complaining about the smell
it's a very strong unpleasant smell
i almost didnt buy this because of the reviews on the smell
as for the smell it's kind of tea-treeish.
it's not a bad smell
it smells a little weird
it does have a strong medicinal smell
it does smell bad
the smell is a bit strong
it does smell weird
it smells a little funky, but i don't mind it.
the only downside to this is the smell.
he hates the scent
i don't like the smell of it either
the smell is definitely something you have to get used to
the smell is strong
the smell is really not as bad as a lot of people are making it sound
i actually think it smells a little good
scents usually do not bother me at all
it can be harsh or unpleasant for people who are sensitive to strong smells
my first impression of this product was wow that smells bad
this product stinks it smells so foul
the smell lingers forever
mind you the smell isn't all that great
feels so good on the skin and smells amazing!
and it smells so good!!
the smell is out of this world amazing
it smells so good
it smelled absolutely amazing
this mask smells incredible!
the smell is incredible
while this mask smells fabulous
the smell makes me happy
the way they smell
the smell was amazing
the smell is fantastic!
people who like the smell is going to love it
also the smell is absolutely delicious!
it doesn't hurt that this mask smells wonderful
this mask smells so good
this stuff smells incredible
not only does it smell amazing
it's a weird texture, but it's smells fantastic!
the smell is wonderful
it doesn't smell fake sweet if you know what i mean
first impression is that it smells gorgeous
the smell is amazing!!
it smells so good
not only does this smell delicious
the smell is definitely amazzzzing
i tried a sample and instantly loved the smell.
dispute the smell the performance was great.
it smells great too
i like the smell
the smell is heavenly!
smells like it too
smells amazingly fresh and natural!
i loved the smell
fresh has created a product that smells amazing
this one smells great.
this product has an amazing smell
the fact that there's no scent is nice too
i don't think the scent is that bad
it actually smelled like pine needles to me
the smell is so relaxing
some people say the scent is overpowering
the smell is strong
not to mention, i love love love the smell.
the only thing i really don't like is the strong scent
the smell is a light m
i love the way this smells
not to keen on the scent it smells like sake big time
it doesn't really have a smell
the smell is the same of all the other alegenists
it smells great too :
* smells wonderful* easy to use
smell is pleasant and not too strong.
smells great and has a calming effect.
it smells like sausage though
it smells kinda funky.
this stuff smells amazing
there's no real scent to the product which is nice
the smell is amazing as well
man, this really tingle, stings, and burns.
the way it smells
it smells sort of like a campfire
the smell is really delicious
i love the smell
smell is not overpowering
i love the warming sensation and the smell.
i wish the smell was better
it doesn't have an awesome smell to it
this smells really nice
it doesn't smell like regular honey
someone was complaining about the scent
honestly it doesn't smell like anything
it has a really great smell
from the warm tingle to the smell to the consistency
the only real down side is the smell.
it smells like smoke.
i love the smell
it smells so fresh and doesn't dry my skin out.
it's gentle, non-drying, and smells great.
it smells great too.
the smell is very pleasant as well.
it doesn't smell amazing
the smell definitely is strong
while it is true that it has an unpleasant smell
it does smell weird
this has a terrible smell
the smell isn't even that bad.
of course it's going to smell weird it has sulfur in it
the smell isn't the best
wasn't expecting it to smell good
don't care much about the smell
it does smell a little because of the sulfur
and it smells so good.
i noticed that a lot of people don't like the smell
i love the smell (but i like natural smells).
the smell was nice not too strong .
smells great, works wonders as a mid-day pickup.
however the smell reminds me strongly of the signature aveda scent
i got a sample of this and i just love the smell.
i actually like the smell of this product
well... it smells like straight up dirt.
it smells really yummy too.
love the smell of it
the smell is pleasant to me
the smell doesn't last
it has a subtle fresh smell
i like it cuz of its smell and moisture my skin.
smell like perfume lol
the smell is light
it also doesn't have a strong smell or dry my skin
has the nicest smell
the scent isn't really noticeable- it definitely doesn't smell bad
i don't like the smell or the greasy feel
it smells really good
the serum that is left behind smells fantastic
the reason i took off a star is because of the perfume smell
i think it smells amazing
this stuff smells sooo good
the smell is actually really nice from what i was expecting
its got a really good smell to it too.
i love the scent and the price isn't bad at all.
it is not overpowering nor unpleasant
yet smells so good
it smells so fresh
not only does it smell amazing
the smell is pleasant
personally, i love the smell!
it's very minimal and clean smelling.
the scent is alright
you can definitely smell the green stuff in it!
oh and the smell is so nice and fresh.
this cleanser is great and smells amazing.
the smell is very clean
i enjoy the smell.
it smells pretty good too
it smells good as well.
very gentle, amazing smell and effective results!
i love the smell
smells amazing after using it
has a nice, fresh smell.
the smell is a nice
this smells really gree
smell is not strong.
i actually enjoy the smell quite a bit
at first the smell wasn't something i liked
it smells like exaclty what the ingredients are
decent moisturizer, smells nice.
the scent is just ok
still could smell nothing.
it doesn't really have a smell to me
often can't smell well anyway
the smell is very subtle.
which is the smell
doesn't have a strong smell
super lightweight and smells nice and fresh!
it's not greasy or sticky and it smells ok.
has a fresh natural smell.
it has a nice fresh smell that fades quick
the smell isn't bad
the only con i have is that there is a weird smell at first
first of all, this stuff smells incredible.
it has a good smell
i didn't notice a smell, either.
some people said they didn't like the smell
i actually enjoy the smell
not sure why some people complaint about the smell
it smells good to me !
the smell was awful i can't take it
i personally really like the scent
this product does have a slightly chemical smell.
the only con is the horrible smell.
it has a kind of waxy smell that is not appealing
it is not a pleasant smell to me.
then you smell the product
the balm does smell a little odd
i just don't like the smell cause it doesn't smell clean or have any fragrant to it
it just smells like plastic
it doesn't have too much of a scent
it has a pleasant smell as well.
no crazy smells or anything
it does tingle some
the smell is pretty pleasant
i also actually really like the smell of this.
the cream smells amazing too.
it wasn't a bad scent by any means
it smells amazing to boot!
the smell isn't bothersome to me
it has a very nice scent
the smell is clean
the smell is light and relaxing.
this smells amazing and works like a dream.
my face looks and smells so good thanks to this!!
i enjoy the smell
i love the smell
i find that the smell of this one is light
i read comments about a bad smell
the smell isn't my favorite.
i love the smell of the cream
it might be the wonderful smell that makes me over-the-top love this product
plus the smell is so calming
while i love the smell
it has a nice clean smell to it
this smells really nice
it is really amazing and smells great!
he liked it because it's odorless
the smell can be a little off putting
literally smells like grass
i personally like the smell of it because it doesn't have a fragrance
the smell is good herbally and i love it!
the smell is a little strong
it smells nice too
i love the smell
the scent is actually quite pleasant.
i also like the smell of the product a lot
i love the smell of this one
the smell is pleasant
it has a nice smell too
it smells quite unpleasant now.
the smell doesn't smell to good.
the smell is a great plus but not overwhelming.
works like a dream and smells wonderful.
love the smell works great doesn't bother my eyes
the way they smelled
i love this product except for the smell.
i like how it smells.
it had a nice light smell
i really like the smell
i actually like the smell.
the smell isn't so bad like other say.
i don't mind the smell
the smell is fresh and pleasant.
the smell is a bit strong at first
the smell is very pleasing too!
i love this product: the smell
it smells kind of too earthy for me
please change the smell
the one thing i have to mention is that it has a strong smell of herbs
love love love it smell need to put on
i personally like the smell it is a little strong
there's no odor that i've noticed
the smell is great too, not too strong.
i don't enjoy the smell either
the smell is amazing in a fresh way not perfumey
know that it does not smell intense
i think some may have been expecting that smell instead of this wonderfully natural smell
the only complaint i have is the smell
i love the way it smells
how anyone can say this smells like wet grass?
the smell is also really nice
as for the smell, i don't mind it at all.
read that some people are complaining about the scent
i literally can't smell anything from it
i don't mind the smell and actually like it.
i actually like the smell
the smell kinda reminds me of my childhood.
had a clean fresh smell to it
i honestly didn't even notice a scent
it always irritates me reading people knock a product based off of its smell
there was no smell
never had any problem with bad scent
also smells so delightful
others are complaining about the scent
i don't agree- it just smells very natural
it does not have a synthetic smell
it also smells fresh
not only does it smell amazing
there is no added scent
if you are sensitive to smells
the smell of this melt is very subtle
find i keep smelling my h
i also like that this product does not have a strong scent
there is no scent which is nice
i feel like it does have a tiny bit of scent
i must say first that #1 does have an unpleasant smell
knew if it had a smell?
the prettier the smell?
the smell is intense
i read some other comments saying that it has unpleasant scent that lingers which is absolutely not true
the moisturizer does have a strong scent as you first smell it
which i actually like cause it has this very natural smell
the scent goes away in like 10 mins to the point where you can barely smell it
the only downside is the smell
i personally love the smell
i am not sensitive to smells
the smell is nice to me
it does have a funky smell to it which isn't horrible to me
the smell is amazing!
the cleanser smells great too.
love the smell of the cleanser too.
i love the mild smell
smells nice and gets all my makeup off.
smells very nice as well.
no weird overpowering smells.
no smell, which i like, and no weird stickiness.
i love how they feel, smell, and work.
the smell is also wonderful.
it smells so good
smells great and doesn't feel too greasy.
i personally wasn't a fan of the smell.
has a pretty nice smell of lav
it smells so good but not perfumy.
i love the way this smells too.
sea mud bar both smell amazing
sea mud bar both smell amazing
the products didn't really smell
i liked the smell of the oil
plus, it smells expensive (love that).
it's smell isn't bad
it also smells fresh and clean!
it even smells good.
sea mud bar both smell amazing
the smell of the product was unique.
sn't a smell to this which is good for sensitive people or someone who doesn't like a scented face product
i love the smell of the soap.
my first "observation" is that they smell amazing
left my skin smelling sooo good
i don't smell anything from soap
i really enjoy the smell
i wasn't fond of the smell of the soap at first
i love the smell
the smell is very light
lets just say.. the soap smells amazing.
it smells pretty good
i really like the smell and the lather <3
i wasn't crazy about the smell
it's amazing it smells very good
the smell of oil is very smooth
it also smells great!
i love how it does not have a smell
smells can really be overpowering
it smells amazing too!
also the sensitive cleansing oil smells so good
it smells great, too!
the smell isn't good
very much enjoy the smell of this
the smell did not bother me.
this one does smell better than the feeling rosy one
i actually hope origins doesn't add some nasty chemicals to make this smell better
i gave it 4 starts because the smell isn't exactly pleasant
the smell was not pleasant
the smell is amazing
smells heavenly love the results
it has a light pleasant smell
the smell is a little off putting
no funky smells either.
no smell, good ingredients.
it's a fresh smell to me.
the only thing is that it smells like straight up honey
natural products often do have a bitter smell to them
there is not much of a smell other than a mild honey smell
it almost has no smell
the smell is light
it smells really nice in the tin
when u mix it with water the smell is a bit weird
the smell is a little off-putting--it smells like a mixture of tea
i think a lot of people don't like this product because of the smell
loved the smell and texture of it.
the scent isn't strong and didn't bother me.
a tad expensive though smells good
it smelled just like black tea to me
also.. i love the smell.
but it smells dreadful.
i've noticed a lot of people mention the smell which in my opinion resembles men's cologne
i do not smell it at all
i don't recall a lingering or odd smell
i hardly smell anything
i didn't notice that it had a scent particularly
i know it smells
the smell is definitely something that you get used to
the smell is a bit funky but dissipates quickly.
the smell doesn't bother me at all
i actually like the smell
the smell like others say is not that pungent.
as for the smell - it smells like vinegar.
the base odor of the serum isn't that great
it smells like it's active
it smells a little vinegar-y but nothing too bad.
smells great and works well
this product smells amazing!!
plus it smells really good.
it smells really good
the smell is amazing
also like the smell.
smells good as well!
smells so good too.
only because i was reeeaally hoping it would smell like coconut
it doesn't smell bad
just doesn't smell like coconut to me
this product smells so goooood!
i don't notice any strong smells
this product smells so good.
not only does it smell nice
the smells is perfect and light.
not to mention that it smells fabulous
i love the smell and the cooling feel of it.
also the smell of coconut is not too overwhelming it is subtle
first of all it smells amazing
also, it has an amazing smell.
it smells really nice
plus i love the smell.
the smell is nice not to overwhelming majority of coconut sents can be
i stumbled upon this just because it smelled so great
the smell is amazing
not only does it smell gorgeous
it kind of just smells like nothing to me
the smell is not great
can deal with the funky smell
i love the smell
the smell is not too strong
i like the smell
smells amazing as well.
the smell is very subtle
i personally like the smell
i don't like the smell because i don't like coconut
smells so much better
it smells really nice too
it's smells so nice
and did i mention the smell???
it smells nice and it works good.
it does smell nice however.
the smell is so pleasant.
they smelled great especially the coconut one
so i overlooked the smell and bought it.
they all smell amazing except for the charcoal one
and i must say, it smells like roses too.
i absolutely love the smell
it also smells great!!!!
i love the way it felt on my skin and the scent.
it smells great and i feel pampered using it.
also smells really good!
the smell reminds me of medicine lollol
the cream also smells really good, a light scent.
smells incredible and works even better!
plus, i really like the smell.
the smell is amazing but be careful!!
the smell is so annoying
smells great and works even better!
plus i love the smell!
and it feels and smells sooo good !
smells so so great!!!
the smell kinda lingers
the only thing i don't like about it is its smell
i wanna love it i just don't no if i can get passed the strong smell of it i can deal with a fragrance smell in my beauty routine
this is all i can smell all day
it's a weird nasty odor i hope i can get passed it
it doesn't leave a weird smell or texture
doesn't have a strong smell
this has a little bit of a weird smell
doesn't have an offensive smell
i normally hate spf for the smell
this doesn't have that normal spf feel or smell
the smell is a fresh citrus smell which is a plus
a little goes a long way, and it smells amazing.
as an added bonus it smells great
not much of a smell, but the jar is so cute!
the scent of this product smells exactly like what is in it "charcoal"
i think it just smells like a natural product
i think it smells just fine
however, this stuff smells like vomit.
overall, it's worth the smell.
i love the smell--it's a fresh organic ashy kind of smell
it doesn't hurt that it smells good enough to eat :
i love using this mask and it smells amazing.
this mask smells and feels amazing.
besides all of that it smells amazing.
bonus that it smells really good
the smell of the mask is great
it smells so amazing
...and chocolate smell... all what we need
first this smells heavenly
don't care for the smell
there is a strong smell for the first few seconds
don't smell ever again afterwards
the smell fades quickly so don't worry if you don't like the scent
this may sound strange
first, the scent doesn't bother me.
it just smells earthy imo
this product smells wonderful.
the smell is fantastic
i love the smell
the smell is just superb
i love really love the smell
i won't get tired of this smell
he tells me i smell like a creamsicle when he is close to my face
oh, yes -- and it smells delicious, too!
i also love the smell.
first of all the smell is yummy
i also like the smell.
the smell is light
not only does this product smell awesome
to me this smells like oranges.
smells like an orange tictac
it smells sooooo good
beside the intoxicating smell
this stuff smells so so amazing.
the texture and smell are amazing!
the scent is not bad
first off it smells so good
i love the light smell
after the first use i loved the smell
i feel a bit defensive about the fragrance because i think it smells wonderful
i love the smell...so yummy.
was worried about the scent
i love the smell
the smell is nice
i know others called the smell fake
yes it smells like oranges.
i love the smell
i like the smell.
plus it smells amazing!!!
plus it smells lovely - light not overwhelming.
the smell was very light
the smell can be a little bit strong.
it has a very light smell
i love the smell of it, too.
has a very light smell
the smell is really lovely & clean; not perfumy
it smells amazing, but not too strong.
it also gets me all the great luna effects without the smell
the smell takes getting used to
to me it has a rose smell.
i don't care for the smell
it does have an odd scent
it smells **exactly** like pond's cold cream
it also smells so fresh
it has a pretty storm smell though
it's well absorbing, smooth, smells nice.
the smell is really nice and cleaned very nice.
smells lovely and really smooth your face.
it smells really nice
it smells really lovely
not overpowering like some products.
light baby products smell which is also nice.
but i do love the scent!
also love the scent as it lingers on the skin quite well
smells great and makes my skin look good.
it does not have an overpowering scent
the smell is almost as heavenly as the results.
the reviews complaining about the smell
let me just tell you, the smell is fantastic.
this stuff also smells amazing
first of all, the smell.
the texture is great and the smell is amazing!
i don't think i've ever used a facial cream that has smelled so good
the smell omg so good never smelled anything better in any skin care
i love the smell, i love everything about it!
i did prefer the smell of the caudalie oil
the smell has really grown on me
t smells so nice
it also smells awesome
it smells lovely too!
it smells lovely, too.
not overpowering at all
there is absolutely no "scent" to this product
don't smell too strongly
the smell is lovely and subtle.
it had a pleasant scent to it, not too strong.
love the smell and didn't leave residue.
pleasant scent that did not irritate my allergies at all
the smell is neutral.
doesn't have any odor
it smells nice, and goes on smooth.
the cream has a very pleasant faint smell
it smells very nice.
the cream smells wonderful
it is a pleasant smell
i love the luxury smell of it
it has a pleasant smell in the jar
no noticeable smell after application
has a sweet fresh smell that isnt overwhelming
it's not greasy and smells fine.
it has a pleasant scent and the feel is great.
it smells great too!
smells amazing and works great
i love the fresh smell
i love the smell.
it feels so refreshing and smells amazing!!
i tried it out and it smelt so amazing!
has an impact on the oil production it smells so refreshing
not only does this product smell amazing
i love the smell
this smells great and doesn't dry my skin out.
honestly smells like a 5-star spa
it smells so nice and feels very refreshing.
i love the smell
it also smells amazing
the smell is gorgeous too
my favourite part is the smell
wow it smells like a spa
first of all i look forward to washing my face in the morning because the smell is so minty
the smell is not too strong
it smells so fresh
i love the smell.
smell is refreshing in the morning!
i love the smell too!
also smells real nice.
i love the smell.
only reason i couldn't give it five stars was because the smell was slightly overpowering for me
i love the smell
i love the smell
it has a really nice smell to it
i love the smell
it smells very nice and feels fresh on my face.
it smells awesome though
the smell is so nice
i also like the smell.
i love the smell and feel of the product.
it has a really fresh smell that isn't too strong
it smells so fresh and keeps my skin soft.
it smells amazing first off.
it smelled great and left my skin soft.
this stuff smells great
love the smell as well
it is very delicious its smell
i love the smell too!
it cooled my face and smelled amazing.
i love the smell.
has the same amazing smell
it does have a strong smell like plant extract
my only problem is the smell
i really don't like the scent
the smell is pleasant
the scent here is a little different
yes there is a more distinct strong smell
the smell is only when you are applying
love the fresh smell
fresher thanks to it's smell i think
the smell is so nice
others have mentioned the strong smell
because the first several times i used it i did not really detect any strong odors
i would say the odor is very soft
doesn't leave skin dry or have a bad smell.
this eye cream smells nice.
it sort of smells like plants
it doesn't smell pleasant
she likes the smell
i also love the smell of this product.
the smell isn't that bad as people claim
the smell is so light
the smell is amazing
i don't think the smell is bad at all or overpowering whatsoever
the smell is amazing
it also smells really good.
this smell so good
the smell is a fresh orange smell that i love.
i love this and the smell.
the smell is perfectly fine
the smell is very pleasant
love the way it smells
it smells amazing too
the smell is phenomenal
the smell is very light
i love the smell
this smells amazing and feels amazing.
and it smells very nice.
love the smell too.
smells like frying oil
the smell is heavenly.
it smells so nice!
it smells really good
it might be the best thing i have ever smelled in my life
i personally love the smell by the way
it smells good and is absolutely worth the hype.
i'll state the obvious first, it smells amazing!
it smells amazing too.
only really liked it for the scent
it doesn't have a strong smell, but it's sweet.
the smell is incredible
i don't know what it is but, it smells sweet.
the product smells amazing.
also a beautiful bottle & smells so good.
i hate the way it smells
you can't really smell it after application
don't have the same smell
the smell is very pleasing.
it smells great and my skin absorbs it fast!
it also smells fantastic!
it's smell is sweet like c
it smells so awesome
not only does it smell amazing
it smells very nice and makes my skin feel great.
it smells so amazing
i am not a big fan of the smell.
it truly smells amazing
it also smells amazing.
i love the way this smells so much
it smells like heaven
it has a slight clean smell but not overpowering.
the smell is very nice and light.
the smell is lovely
also want to mention that it smells great
i personally adore the smell of this.
this just smells fresh
was pleasantly surprised by the nice smell
it smells really clean.
it might seem totally odorless
smells so light and refreshing!
something about the smell
the smell is is wonderful
love the light smell!
subtle, lovely smell too.
the smell is so awesome
not only does it smell
the other thing that i love is it has a really subtle smell
this pleasant smelling balm is a miracle!
smells so good and works even better!
first of all, i love the way it smells.
the smell is so wonderful
i love the smell too.
i love how it smells
it doesn't have that awful sunscreen smell
makes my face dewy and i love the smell.
the smell is also really nice!
it smells really good
to start off this product smells amazing.
it doesn't smell cheap
it smells very fresh
i personally think it smells really good.
it honestly smells the same to me
it is fast absorbing and the smell is very nice.
that being said, it smells amazing!!
not only that- it smells fantastic!!
smell is really nice
ugh i just wishhhhh the smell wasn't so strong :(
it smells nice too.
first of all like anything in dior it smells so good
which i don't mind because it smells amazing
no odor no residue.
doesn't have a potent smell
it smells like what's in it
i enjoy using this mask because it smells so good
it smells so lovely
i love the smell
some other reviews noted an odd smell
the smell is very light
i don't care for the smell
firstly the smell is very minimal
the smell didn't bother me
her step 1 definitely smelled better than mine-- hers smelled slightly citrusy whereas mine smelled a little
i'd read reviews that complained about the smell of the mask itself
plus, i love the smell.
cons: it smells a little artificial
this water cream smells amazing
it has a clean, refreshing smell to it.
it looks, feels, and smells luxurious.
i also love that it doesn't have a strong smell to it
and the smell is so nice!
i love a product that smells great
it smells amazing too.
it smells great, like oranges.
it has a pleasant orange smell that doesn't stick around
even smell a bit funky
the smell was refreshing
1 st of all smell is amazing!!!!!
it smells so good
smells great and cleans very gently.
i love how it has a hint of smell nothing crazy.
i think oranges smell good so why not
it smells a little strong but it is tolerable.
not only is the smell amazing
the smell is amazing
it smells great too.
i actually love the smell
it smells and feels so good
i love the smell
the scent didn't bother me at all
smoother- smells luxurious*the scent will grow on you
the smell is different but it fades right away.
the smell is like tea, not too overbearing .
it also smells amazing when you warm it up in your h
it does smell really good
the scent is pretty strong at first
it has a pleasant subtle smell too.
it was pleasant to use with a clean smell
it smells really clean
no smell which is good
i also love the smell (but some may not).
and what makes it the best is the scent!!
it smells so good and deep cleans.
smells amazing at the same time
it's very lightweight and mild smell.
the scent is okay
i love the smell
plus the smell is awesome!
this cleanser is so good beginning with scent i find it has a watermelony smell at first
then an after smell that's not that good
i loved the smell and the consistency!
it not only smells fabulous
the mask smells good and is fun to use.
it also smells amazing.
amazing mask & smells great!
the smell is absolutely fun and coconutty.
if you want a lotion like actually smells like it claims to be scented
i love the way this smell
this hand cream smell so good !
of course it has a strong smell
the smell is so natural
yeah.. the smell is strong but it's not bad.
didn't notice any weird smell personally.
the smell is gross
i really like the scent
the smell is weird
the smell is not so appealing
i can't describe the smell
pleasant to smell as the mask sits
it smells like a wet cat when on my face
the scent is a bit too strong for me.
i really like the smell, eculyptus is my thing.
has a strong odor but its not a bad one.
it doesn't have a strong smell to it like other charcoal masks
it doesn't have an overwhelming scent
any activated charcoal product will smell a little foul
the scent of it smells almost like a public restroom h
i don't like the smell very much
as well it smells amazing !
the smell is sweet
it also smells great
they smell good as well.
i love these they smell great
the smell is absolutely refreshing and clean.
its got a lovely smell, too, but not too strong.
it smells so good
it does have a sweet smell but i like it.
definitely recommend smelling it in the store if you are sensitive to sweet smells on your face
or i hate their smell
i know everyone says this product smells good
i fell in love with the smell and texture of it!
the smell is amazing
the smell is ah-mazing
first of all the smell is amazing
it smells divine just like the mask.
the smell is amazing!!!
the mask smells lovely
smells like jolly ranchers
i absolutely love the smell
this stuff smells like heaven
the smell doesn't linger for too long which is nice
the scent is so awesome
i love the smell
the smell is to die for.
the smell isn't for me
it smells great too!
this product smells so good
the smell is pleasant
just a very light scent that goes away.
the smell brings me back so many memories from my childhood
also, it smells amazing!!!
it smelled good b
not only does it smell incredible
i smelled it - and it smelled so delicious!!
i love the smell.
the smell is amazing
the scent is wonderful but not overwhelming.
the smell is amazing
the smell is just a plus
the smell is a huge upside
the smell is incredible.
it smells amazing-bonus!
this mask smells amazing.
i immediately loved the smell
not to mention it smells like heaven!
it smells amazing obviously.
first off, the smell!
oh and the smell is sooooo yummy!
it is so smooth and smells incredible!
it smells so fresh
the smell is divine
yes it does have a sour smell to it
it's not a great smell
i happen to love the scent
at first i wasn't fond of the smell
it smells amazing too.
this mask smells so good
so don't expect it to smell absolutely amazing out of the bottle
it has a nice refreshing clean smell.
the smell is amazing
i almost forgot my favorite part- the smell
the smell is not lasting
it smells like an outdoor breeze
some people have complained about the smell
it has a bit of a sulphur-y smell
i wish the smell was a bit better than this
i don't like the smell of it
besides, hiaj smells absolutely awful.
it smells a bit strange, but nothing awful.
my only complaint is the faint smell is a bit weird when initially applied
the smell is terrible
it has a smell that is less than yummy
the smell does not last long
it does smell kind of funky
it smells great without being overbearing.
it smells so dope.
it smells really good
the only thing that is not my favorite about the product is the smell
the smell is okay
it is strong for those sensitive to smells
it's light weight and it smells fresh.
tasteless but with a pleasant smell.
it doesn't smell or taste bad either which are all pluses in my book
bonus that it smells amazing.
also, the product smells very good.
the smell is very sweet.
the smell is so good and isn't over powering!
i smell it while applying
it smells really good
this little pink gem does not smell too strongly
it smells great and leaves my lips sooo soft.
it smells delicious as well
it makes my lips so soft and smells great!!
lovely product and smells amazing!
the smell is yummy too
i got this and it smelled heavenly !
plus, the smell/taste is to die for.
the smell is also amazing so that's a plus!
doesn't have a strong taste
the smell alone is delicious
the smell is amazing.
i love the smell.
it also feels and smells amazing.
it also smells amazing!
it does have a very strong weird flowery perfumey smell
i absolutely positively love the smell
it just smells so refreshing
it smells so nice and the packaging is great.
it does smell nice
the smell of the product is what got me next it's a lovely scent that's not overpowering
it smelled great just strong
the smell is not too strong
the smell is amazing and not too strong.
i am really weird about putting products that have a scent on my body
i suggest this product 100% it even smells great!
the smell is refreshing
the smell is mild
doesn't really smell like anything
smelled good, and beautiful packaging.
doesn't look or feel oily or smell strange
it is not overpowering
it also smells amazing!
i personally like my skin care to smell more fresh
if anyone is prone to headaches or are sensitive from strong smelling products
this cream smells great.
i wasn't a real big fan of the scent at first
it also smells amazing.
the product smells amazing
i love the smell
the smell is amazing!
i saw some people mention the smell
it has a nice smell too
has a smell that is out of this world
i also really loved the smell of this cream.
i also love the packaging and the fresh smell!
it smells so clean
the cream itself smells amazing
it was clean smelling.
first impressions is that it smells good
the scent smells super clean
best smelling mask ever!!
it doesn't have much of a scent
the smell is pleasant and not too strong.
i've seen some other people comment about it having an unpleasant smell
only giving 4 stars because i really hate the smell of it
i loved the way this product smelled
i love the way it smells and feels.
smells amazing and goes on so smoothly.
i love that it does not have a strong chemical odor like some of the fruit acid products i've used
i love the smell of this product!
really loved the smell
had no weird or strong smells
plus it smelled great
it smells so good
it does smell nice though
i enjoyed the smell of the product
this product smells amazing
i did love the smell and the feel!
my first impression when using this product is the smell it has a really nice like floral scent
it smells fabulous--clean
the serum smells really great
the smell was so nice
it smells so good!
smells great, goes on smooth, love it.
the product smells wonderful
i loved the way it smelled
this product smells amazing
there is not really a smell to this serum.
this serum smells amazing
i love the smell
the smell is subtle yet refreshing
it has a pleasant smell thats not too strong in any way or perfumey
it just smells lightly clean and calming.
the smells is good
does not linger for people who are sensitive to smells
smells good, and light weight.
it also smells amazing and i love the new jar.
i love the smell and texture.
the smell is very pleasant
i knew it since the first moment i smelled it
the smell is omg!!
it also smells great and the packaging is cute!
this stuff smells amazing
there are no bad smells
it doesn't have a smell to it
there wasn't a bad odor like i have found with many moisturizers
i didn't actually smell that much scent to it
just from the ingredients which is fine with me because strong smells give me migraines
and it smells super great while it's doing it.
it's pretty thick doesn't smell too strong
it smells nice also.
the smell really perks me up
doesn't have much or a smell.
the smell of "clean" is a little overpowering
nice scent but not overpowering.
the mask smells so so good
plus it smells very nice.
i cannot get over the smell
idk if its worth the smell
hopefully the new formula doesn't smell so bad.
the smell is wonderful 
it is not overpowering or too unpleasant
the smell can be off-putting to some
even though i didn't enjoy the smell
however, it smells awful.
it smells kind of funny, but natural.
i do think it has a slight smell
now there is an odd smell.
you also can't smell the scent once it's on which i appreciate
i love the smell.
i grabbed this honestly because it smells so good
it smells just like the face wipes
it smells like icing on a cake tbh.
it smells amazing and absorbs quickly.
it also has an amazing smell
it smells like a creamsicle.
t smells soooo good
i love the smell
id describe it as smelling like fruitlooos
my favorite part is that it smells like orange creamsicles
bonus points for it smelling like a creamsicle lol
it also smells amazing.
if you like sweet smells
also it smells great too!
was worried the scent might irritate it
that being said i love the smell
and the smell is amazing!!
this smells like summer!
i couldn't resist the amazing smell
smells super good like creamsicles which is another bonus
it also smells amazing!
use it at night  smells amazing.
the smell is fabulous!
i don't know what it is, but it smells amazing.
smells amazing and feels great on my skin.
it is a pretty strong smell
i liked the cream, it smells nice but too strong.
i don't mind the smell
if you don't like scented stuff i wouldn't recommend this--it smells like sweet c
it has a pleasant, mild smell (not overly rosy.
hated how my night moisturizer smelled
this product honestly smells like orange creamsicles
and the smell is amazing!
i love the smell
i love the smell.
i don't find it smelling like "old lady" creme or whatever
it smells faintly like a c
plus it smells great!
plus it smells great
this product smells great
it does amazing wonders, and it smells amazing!
it also smells great!
it doesn't break me out and it smells amazing.
also, as a bonus it smells absolutely amazing
and the smell is on point!
the smell is very sweet
i am sensitive to smells
but i personally love the sweet smell.
absolutely loved the smell
it smells the best
i love the color i love the smell
i love the smell
smells great, has a light feel to it.
it's smooth and actually smells good!
it smells just like creamsicles which is a little weird
there is definitely a creamsickle scent
the smell is just a plus!
the smell is so delicious
not to mention it smells soo good
the orange smell is strong
it smells wonderful and it's a total must have!
the smell is so refreshing, wakes me up!
this stuff smells amazing.
really lovely light smell.
i love the way this cleanser smells
the smell was nice
i love the smell of it
i love the smell of it too
the smell is pleasant
it's spey gentle for the eyes and smells great.
this ole henriksen cleanser smells amazing
it's gentle and it smells great.
i love the "on the go cleanser" except for the smell
it smells like the cross between a chemical smell
i also love the smell!
it also smells great
love it, love the smell.
the smell is wonderful
it smells great and lasts forever!
this product smells wonderful
it also smells fabulous.
(and it smells really nice) :) :)
it does not have a scent
i really like the smell also!
i don't notice anything negative about the odor
there is no smell.
it smells amazing and is worth every penny!
oh and it smells ah-mazing.
love the fresh smell.
i noticed many people said they don't like the smell
smells very much so like oranges and i love it.
it also smells like oranges
not an overwhelming smell
it smells amazing and makes my skin glow!!!
the first thing you really notice about this product is the smell-- citrus
love the smell too.
the smell is nice, and not too strong.
i love the smell!
it smells so delicious.
the smell is nice
the smell is wonderful
i usually hate the smell of oranges
the smell is amazing
the smell alone appealed to me
the smell of orange is a great way to wake me up in the morning
the smell is faint
the smell is good too
first of all it smells great!!
it also smells amazing!
the stuff smells amazing
the smell is awesome
the smell is lovely and a little goes a long way.
it absorbs quickly and smells incredible.
5 of a star because the smell
it smells like baby butt cream.
there is a slight smell
i find the smell very relaxing
smells kind of good too.
it also smells so yummy
my boyfriend always tells me how good my skin smells
smells amazing & feels great.
smell than what i was accustomed to
i love the smell, i love the texture...
it also smells wonderful!
paired with the refreshing smell
it kinda smells like vapor rub
i think it smells really natural
you might not like the smell of it
the scent is interesting but i like it.
it does have a strange smell
took a little out of the jar to smell
has a nice, light pine smell to it, too.
the smell is different but i really enjoy it.
i personally love the smell
love the smell too!
smells so fresh when applying
i didn't really care for the smell
smells wonderful, very clean.
it smells so amazing
and it smells and feels so good going on!
the smell is wonderful.
the smell is invigorating
it smells pleasant to me
also the smell is kinda like a pine refreshing smell
however, i am not keen on the smell.
the cream smells a bit weird if you are not used to it
i also absolutely love the smell
i love the smell
the smell was awful
i think it smells great.
smells clean and fresh to me.
didn't find the smell at all repulsive
can't actually recall what it smells like
i enjoy the smell of this product.
i don't want to smell like perfume when i go to bed
for all the reviewers complaining of the scent
this has a strong smell in the jar
after reading all the reviews about how bad this moisturizer smells
i personally absolutely love the smell of this moisturizer
i am so sick of people complaining about the smell
the smell is completely tolerable
love this stuff, works magic and smells great.
this product smells amazing
kind of like the smell of ammonia
all the reviews about the smell
i actually like the smell very much
one reviewer said it smelled like bleach?!
i love the smell
the only downfall is the smell.
in fact like the smell it does have
he thinks it smells funky
i personally think it just smells like all other philosophy products smell
the smell of this made it sort of unbearable for me to consider repurchasing this again
it smells really fresh and goes on so smoothly.
i actually like the smell
i read so many people complain about the smell
i definitely had no complaints about the smell
but i enjoy the smell.
the smell of it is slightly repulsive to me
it would be a 5 star if the scent wasn't so bad.
it also smells really good.
l love the smell
not greasy great smell
i take away one star against the scent/odor.
i love the smell
the smell though ... it smells like fish.
this product smells awful
the smell fades away
it smells really good
there has been a lot said about the smell
i gave this four stars because i love the way it smells
it smells great too.
great natural ingredients, has a good smell.
this product also smells great
works, smells nice, happy with it
it is cooling and it smells good.
it smells so fresh.
smells like what i expected.
this gel smells nice
i love that it smells great and isn't too heavy
smells very refreshing too.
i also like the scent which is a rare thing for me
it has a great relaxing smell, like a spa.
great mattifying effect and the smell is amazing.
doesn't smell very good
the smell is natural
it smells relatively natural
it smells so divine
not bad, but i like scent.
i love this moisturizer as it smells wonderful
the smell is very pretty
smells nice without being smelly.
it smells nice, lite sent.
it smells fantastic too
the smell is also a bit off-putting.
it has a great smell
it also smells nice
it also smells wonderful.
it smells a lot like la mer's h
the lotion smells great and goes on smoothly.
the smell is so refreshing
i love the smell and texture.
absorbs nicely and smells great.
the smell is fresh.
smells great, smooth and fresh!
i love the smell!
smells sweet and light, too.
i love the smell such a clean smell
it has a pretty strong scent
smells realy great too!
it's very gentle too and nice smell.
smell is light and great.
the scent doesn't bother me.
this cleanser smells good
this cleanser smells amazing
i love the smell and feel of it.
very easy to use and the smell is pleasant.
it smells so bad
it literally smells like plastic
but i wish it didn't have a plasticy smell.
if you don't care about smells
it's really gentle and smells great.
the smell is a little odd
for me smell in a cleanser is a deal breaker
i am okay with the smell in this cleanser
natural smell that you don't need to use a ton of
gets a nice foam and smells really nice.
the one con i have is the smell
i adore the natural smell of this product.
it also doesn't have a strong scent which i really like
there's no harsh smell, either.
smells great, cleans well, not drying.
live the way it smells
the smell is so great
ma smell of it either
the smell is lovely and it feels amazing!
this product does have a strong rose smell to it that i actually really enjoy
it does have a strong smell
it smells so good.
even thought the smell is overpowering the product itself is awesome quality
the rose smell is very strong but i love it.
the smell is nice
love it and it smells lovely.
absorbed quickly, has a good smell.
it smells wonderful too!
rare for a smell to do
it has a pleasant smell to it
i also love the smell
it does have a weird smell to it
i don't really think it smells like roses
the smell are amazing
the best way to describe it is that it has a vinegar smell to it
love how it smells
what i don't love so much is the scent
this stuff has a strong rose smell that lasts almost all night
a bonus: smells nice as well.
i love the light rise smell
i didn't return it only because it smells amazing
love the way this smells
the smell was too strong for me at first
it has a wonderful smell
i do agree that the scent is strong
he doesn't mind the smell before bed
smells after i use it
has a lot to do with the scent :
so far i love the smell
it smells nice too.
great for my dry skin and smells nice.
has a great fresh smell that isn't too overpowering
0 sticky skin or odors.
the smell is okay for me.
smell is a little bit weird, but is short lived.
smell is almost absent.
it smells pleasant and lasts quite a while.
little to no noticeable smell
it smells amazing and leaves my skin so happy.
it doesn't have an unpleasant smell or feel to it
plus it smells amazing.
the smell is great
i love the smell it's just a fresh soft scent nothing overwhelming
it smells so good
i love the smell
the smell doesn't bother me at all
i think it's a super light smell
it had a weird smell kinda like alcohol
i absolutely love it i like the scent
plus it smells really good
also, it smells fantastic!
plus, the smell is pretty incredible.
the smell isn't over powering
doesn't smell like a medicine cabinet
a huge plus is that it does not smell at all!!!
has a faint smell that dissipates quickly
this product smells good and adds some moisture.
i actually really like the scent.
he loved its smell
the only bad thing is the smell lol smells like vinegar almost
it has a nice smell.
i dislike the smell
buyer beware : it smells awful.
it has a pleasant smell
it kind of has that smell/ feel
it smells nice as well, not "medicine-y."
and it smells nice to boot.
it also smells really nice =
smells real real good
there is no scent -- which i love
was not a pleasant sight.
has no unpleasant odor
you can tell by its smell
i love the smell
this stuff smells great
this stuff smells sooo good and feels so nice.
the smell is pretty good too!
smells like straight up plants
love the subtle concumber smell
i kind of disliked it because of the smell
it smells good, and feels good.
also, it smells so good!
gentle, smells great, works great.
and not to mention it smells so good!
the smell is not strong
the smell is so relaxing
it smells so good.
worth the $$$ and smells amazing.
love how it doesn't have a weird scent
doesn't have too strong of a smell
it smells good and is gentle.
it does smell a bit of soy
not 5 stars is because it has a very strong smell to it which wasn't pleasant
but i love the smell and my skin is soooo soft!
the smell is amazing.
i don't much like the smell
doesn't have any strong odors
it smells like what it is supposed to smell like
i also loooove the smell its such a light clean scent that reminds me of the spa
i also love the smell
he liked the smell
the smell is great
i find that many mask smell.
it smells so good.
love this, smells great.
it cleans without drying and smells great.
not much lather but smells nice.
the smell just wakes me up!
plus it smells really good.
besides, the smell is divine.
i love the smell
smells and feels great too.
it also smells amazing
i love the smell
i can definitely say i love the smell of this product
the smell is to die for it wasn't overwhelming
i love how this smells.
plus the smell is to die for <3
smell isnt too strong and fades away.
i love the smell too.
this stuff smells so good, i could eat it.
i initially liked the smell
and the smell of it smells so good.
it does smell like a creamsicle
the smell is incredible
not to mention how amazing this smells!
this stuff smells delicious
it smells looks and feels amazing.
i am also kind of addicted to the smell!
this product smells and feels incredible!
some people complained of the smell being too strong
that smell went away for me
just falls :/ i love the smell of this as well
this smells so good
i absolutely love the smell!
not over powering smell
not only does this product smell amazing
my skin not only smells wonderful
and i like the smell too!
the smell is fantastic
smells just like a creamsicle!
i literally got it because of the scent
plus it smells divine!
it smells good too.
it smells wonderful as well
i love how this product smells, its so delicious.
it smells so amazing
it smells amazing like orange creamscicle
the texture/smell is amazing!
smells great after just two uses
it's super light and smells so good.
the smell isn't the best
smells confortable as well.
my face feels refreshed and it smells great.
it works...it also smells divine!
plus it smells awesome.
i love the smell
the smell is good an not overpowering--
i am sensitive to smells
doesn't have a strong smell
the smell is kind of reminiscent of a cleaning product
it smells way better than other products i've used
not 5 is because i'm not a big fan of the smell
it really smells good and leaves your skin soft.
the orange smell is great and refreshing.
this one smells divine
it smells great and your skin will feel awesome!
it smells delicious and makes my skin feel great.
the smell is amazing as well.
i love the smell of this product
it smells great as well
it smells wonderful after use
this face wash smells so good
it also smells great!
this one smells great
some review said the smell is awful
it smells really fresh
i like the smell
(i was surprised that it wasn't scent-free!)
the smell is gentle
it this smells very good and is very lightweight.
it smells wonderful like most clarins products do
i love the smell too
overall it smells fantastic
one thing i don't like it the scent.
it smells incredible for one thing
the smell is beyond amazing
there is a subtle old lady smell
my only real complaint is the scent.
i love the smell
i just couldn't resist the smell
the smell is clean and light too!
it also smells gorgeous
i did not experience the strong smell that others have
doesn't smell all that bad at least
other then the potent smell it has this product works great
it does smell familiar
the smell is a bit strong
love the texture, the smell!
which can smell horrific
this stuff smells so good!
the smell of the product is kind of strong
it does smell a bit "mediciney"
the smell goes away after awhile.
the only downside is the smell
it has an smell not real unpleasant
a smell none the less
i highly recommend and i love the smell!
is because of the smell
it has a light scent to it but not bad.
while i do not care for the smell
the smell was a surprising plus
we all thought it smelled really wonderful
not overpowering at all
the smell isn't over the moon wonderful
it smells great and absorbs quickly.
the smell isn't great
just very natural smelling.
the smell is neutral and not overpowering.
smells so good and awesome after sun.
although the scent was a little strange at first
the smell can be a bit off putting as the product smells like concentrated yogurt
it also smells phenomenal which is a perk
the smell is so fresh
i love the smell and definately the results.
not only does it smell great
smells not that good
it smells better and absorbs.
it has a milky smell that my husb
remember that odd-smelling blue goo we used when we were kids
i found the smell pleasant
its smell i now associate with summer
i love the smell too.
not crazy about the scent
the smell is also fantastic
kind of has a faint weird smell
it also has a nice scent too
good texture, good smell and does the job.
the smell of it is very calming
smells great to both men
it's cooling and has a wonderful smell.
a number of people said the smell is bothersome
you will smell it when applying it
i happen to like the scent, too.
it does have a powdery smell.
my only complaint is the smell
it smells really soft
i really like the scent as well
fast absorbing, rich, smells nice
smells a bit like baby powder to me
the smell is great which remind me of my childhood lotion
other note: it smells a bit like baby powder
it's not an offensive smell
it's good for my skin and it smells good!
i love the smell, and the feel of the cream.
i really enjoy the smell.
i love the smell of this product as well.
the smell is incredible
only downfall: the odd powdery smell.
i do not like the smell or the fact that it makes my skin tingle a bit at first
i can actually still smell it on me
he smells masculine now uhmm so good
it has a strong smell
i both love the smell too
the smell is nice, not too strong.
makes the nut sack smell great !
however it smelled great
great smell he loved using it after showers
the scent lingers in a nice way.
it has no smell
smells great too without being over powering
light enough just for me to smell when we cuddle.
it smells great too.....not to heavy!
he and i both love the smell.
this stuff has a great smell
cool refreshing and smells great.
this does have a more masculine smell to it
i love the smell
it smells so good.
if nothing buy it for the scent
it smells so yummy
smells so good and i have been using every night.
citrus smell- someone else here said it's relaxing
plus it smells nice and has a good texture.
it has a nice smell and isn't at all sticky.
it smells great and feels great on your face.
it does have a faint smell
it smells great too
this product smells wonderful
it also smells fresh.
this does smell faintly of oranges
the smell of the product is refreshing.
i love the orange smell
i don't feel the smell once it's on my face
the smell is the best part
the smell is incredible
it smells great, too.
the smell of spf makes me sick
doesn't leave that icky feeling or strong sunscreen smell like others do
no weird spf smell
i also like the fresh smell.
i really do love the fresh scent
it does have a distinct smell--
i like the smell
it smells a little like oranges to me
it's not an unpleasant smell
i also thought my sample smelled a little weird
first , the smell is amazing.
if you like oranges you'll fall in love with the smell
i love the way this cleanser feels and smells.
the smell is quite refreshing
i love the smell
i love the smell
i really love the smell of this product- it's light
the smell is fresh and uplifting.
this product smells good and works great!
the smell is amazing and the product does last.
i really like their smell
this cleanser smells great
the smell is great.
i love the smell
it also has a very subtle light smell
he likes it a lot because it smells nice
it doesn't have a "manly" smell
does not have any kind of weird chemical scent
the woman that wrote that it has a bad smell
it does not have a weird smell or oily texture
not thick, greasy, or scary smelling.
it has a nice smell
the cream smells really nice
smelled differently- more chemically
smells funny but it serves its purpose.
i really love the way this smells.
i think it smells a little like blackberries as well
this one smells amazing
the smell isn't my favorite
the smell didn't linger
i love the feel and smell of this mask.
it does have a very strong smell
the essential oil smell makes you feel having a spa
very relaxing smell too.
first of all, it smells amazing.
i love how it smells
also-- don't mind the smell at all!
i would say smell before you buy
there really isn't much of a smell that i can notice
it smells so good
the smell is interesting
thinks it smells like a cleaning product
this product smells so lovely the 20 minutes i have it on are a treat to me
it smells so good!
it smells amazing to me!
smells good and feels cooling.
the smell is powerful
very lightweight and smells great!
it tasted good believe it or not
it feels great and smells great.
the smell is heavenly.
i like the smell too
this mask is fresh smelling cool to the touch
this mask smells great
this mask has a very pleasent smell to it which i found relaxing
plus, it smells good.
the smell is lovely
it smells sooo good.
had an odd odor
this cream has nearly no odor
plus very little odor.
so noting to dislike as far as smell
and the other thing i love about it is no scent.
it has virtually no smell
the smell is very relaxing
it doesn't have an amazing smell necessarily
i love the smell.
the smell isn't great
she said that she could barely smell anything
not only that but the smell is amazing.
it smells absolutely amazing
the scent was overwhelming for me
smells great, feels great.
the smell is not so great
it smells a little weird at first
i gave this a try for the smell
the smell was nice
a lot of people says the smell is awful
it doesn't really have a smell to it
it has a very light smell
i really like the smell
it feels amazing and also smells super good.
it also doesn't have a very strong smell
the smell is not overbearing
i like that there is no harsh smell to it either.
it does not have any chemical smell
i like the very light clean smell
it has a light scent that smells very fresh
it doesn't have a girly smell.
it has a pleasant smell
it has no gross smell
which had an awful smell
doesn't smell as strong
it smells a little bad
it smells like soap
no weird smells and a smooth texture.
subtle enough that you honestly can't smell it unless you are directly smelling the skin
i am not a fan of the smell
i wish there was one without smell.
and i like the way it smells!!
it's not greasy or smelly.
love the smell and how my face feels afterwards!!
the smell isn't apparent at all after application
i like how it doesn't have a scent.
it doesn't have a smell
it just smells so refreshing
there is a slight scent but nothing too strong.
it absorbed quickly and can't really smell it.
it smells really good
i love that it doesn't smell like a perfume
the rose smells incredible
it goes on smooth and smells sooo good.
wonderful product with a great smell!
even tough i love the smell
i love the smell of it so much
this mask soothes that along with smelling amazing
the smell is amazing
smells like real roses
it smells wonderful too.
this smells really good
just be aware it smells like real roses
f you don't like the smell of roses
this mask is so refreshing, and it smells great!
it smells strongly of rose
i love the smell
the smell is so pure!
i think it smells just fine.
only downside is i didn't like the smell
it smells so good and feels wonderful.
i personally love the smell
if you don't like florally smells
i love the smell
the smell is weird
plus something else i can't quite name that smells really weird
feels almost identical except the smell is a thous
easy to apply, smells great.
plus it smells soo good
it smells good and feels great on my skin.
this mask smells so good
if you like the smell of roses
totally recommend and it smells great!
unfortunately i cannot get around the smell
when i put this on my skin it smells like relish
it doesn't smell too strong or bad
the smell is very rosey
it has an acquired smell but i love it.
it smells wonderful, also!
love the smell and feel of it!
the smell is amazing also!
it smells soooo good
this mask is so good and smells heavenly!
of course it smells amazing
it smells like rose, which i personally love.
it smells so good
this mask smells amazing
i love the fresh smell
in fact i love the smell of all the lancome skin products
i also tend to be pretty sensitive to smell
smell very good too.will definitely buy again.
there is a strong scent when you apply
the smell is a little overwhelming in the morning
you end up smelling like your grandmother!
it smells a little like an old lady
high spf, not sticky, smells nice.
because if it gets in your mouth it tastes yucky
his face smells great
there is no smell
its like you can smell the active ingredients
the smell is nice, not too overwhelming.
the only description i can give is that it's like they tried to make an icky-smelling cream smell nice
if the smell doesn't bother you
the only downfall to me is that it doesn't smell that great
the smell is nice
has no harsh chemical smell
the smell is a bit too strong for me
the pleasant smell is a plus.
absolutely love the clean smells
the smell is amazing too.
the smell is nice in the morning :
smells nice too, and it is a nice luxurious foam.
it is light and has a light smell.
the smell is amazing
great foaming cleanser and it smells great!
it smells so fresh too.
i love the smell too, classic caudalie scent.
it smells amazing and makes my skin feel great.
works great, smells awesome, i use it everyday!
the smell is nice
great price and awesome smell - so refreshing.
good smell, very gentle.
the new formula smells different
it also smells amazing
beautiful-smelling products that work
the smell is mild
it has little smell but works great!
i also like the smell of it
the first thing i noticed was the scent
it smells that foul to me still
it smells weird at first so that's why i gave it a 4
the smell does go away.
it legit smell like pinesol.
the smell goes away once you do foundation
it does have a nice smell
a benefit of this is that it also smells really nice
i wasn't very fond of the smell at first
it has a slight smell but you get used to it.
it smells like chemicals though
however, the faint smell is kind of eh.
the only bad thing is the smell
does not have a bad "smell" like other reviewers mentioned
plus it smells good :
i don't exactly like the smell
it kinda smells bad
and the best part - it smells fantastic.
effective and i love the smell.
i also like the smell of the product.
it also has a wonderful smell.
omly about how good her face smells
just the smell itself makes you feel luxurious
it has a nice smell.
i love the smell
it smells so good
is the smell of the product is very strong
to someone with the slightest allergies it almost smells like you walked into a perfume cloud
i am left with clean soft great smelling skin.
it also smells divine.
it also smells divine, i love it!
it also smells very pretty.
love the smell of this stuff!
the smell is lovely- using this is a real treat!
love the smell of this serum
"real" smelling rose scent
it doesn't smell chemical at all to me
it smells good and feels good after application.
if you are expecting it to smell like roses as i was
the light rose smell is wonderful.
it smells nice, non-greasy and light weight.
the smell is pleasant
the smell is intoxicating.
the scent is not my thing
it sinks in right away and smells so good.
the smell is really strong for me
the smell is much nicer
goes on smoothly & smells amazing!
i love the smell of it
the rose smell is just so amazing to wake up to
it smells really good
i love the smell
plus it smells fantastic.
it also smells wonderful.
the smell is nice but doesn't last very long.
the scent did bother me at first
goes on easily, smells good and moisturizes well.
not only does it smell incredible
the smell is great and calming.
it smells delicious and it works for me.
the smell is amazing- very calming.
it has a wonderful smell
i don't really notice any scent
makes your skin so soft and love the smell.
it smells really fresh and goes on easy.
the smell is a little perfumey, but not bad.
a little goes a long way and it smells great!
smells good but a little stronger than i prefer.
the smell is a little strong for me
although this does have a scent it's not too strong
it doesn't have a bad smell to it like the other product did
once dry, it smells delightful!
i can't get over how good it smells
love the smell and its not too heavy.
it smells wonderful and a little goes a long way.
it smells great and feels great.
it feels and smells like a garden
the cream smells really lovely.
it has a really nice scent
the smell is inoffensive
the smell is fresh
and you smell like a rose after all.
even he likes the smell
i love the smell of this cream it is very light
it also doesn't have a terrible scent.
it doesn't have an overwhelming scent either.
it doesn't have much of a scent
not so bad but the smell was not so good
has a really pleasant smell
it's very lightweight and smells great.
it smells much better than clinique
the smell is pleasant but subtle.
it has a really nice scent to it
has a very subtle scent that doesn't feel too overpowering for going to sleep
the smell might be too fragrant for some people.
i really enjoy the smell
not in love with the smell.
it smells kind of like roses
the smell is amazing
i love the smell, too.
the slight smell is nothing cheap like that of the strong scented lancome products
i don't like the smell it gives me a headache
it smells so pretty
the smell is great
i really love the smell of it as well.
i just love the smell
i do not like the smell of it
it smells amazing and feels so creamy on my face.
love everything about this..smell the feel.
i like the scent, not too strong.
love the smell of it
it doesnt have a bad smell
plus, it smells so good.
it smells good and has a good texture.
the product smells really good
it has a pleasant smell
plus it smells nice
and the nice clean smell is an added bonus.
it smells great, too.
plus, i love the smell.
love the texture and the smell.
the smell is very delicate
these sheets smell good
really do smell great
the cleansing sheet smelled so refreshing as what the br
smells great no oily film afterwards.
they are soft, smell nice and totally convenient.
also it has a plesent smell.
feels refreshing and no alcoho smell.
it also smells very good.
it smells super fresh
feels good on skin removes all make up pleasant smell
the smell is amazing!!
it is really mattifying and smells great.
it also smells nice and a little goes a long way.
it smells really nice
i also like the fresh smell of it.
the smell is nice
smells great as well
it even smells great
it smells amazing and is very light.
no strong odors, a little goes a long way.
it smells amazingly clean and fresh.
the smell is pretty good too.
doesn't have a strong smell like some moisturizers
and most of all, it smells sooooo nice!!!
it does have a decent smell
the humidity is terrible
i love the way it smells.
it smells wonderful, but not overpowering.
i wouldn't say the smell of the cream is too strong or unpleasant in anyway
smells mature which is fine.
the smell is a bit old lady-ish
the smell of the lotion is quite nice
it has a fresh smell
smells awesome as well.
it smells great, too.
it has a nice smell
smells pleasant as well.
it smells great as shiseido usually does
the smell is wonderful
smell good and cleanse well
it is extremely gentle and smells amazing.
smell is very lovely
the light smell gives the relaxing moment
smells good with spf
love it, and it smells amazing!
i just like the way that it feels and smells.
it doesnt have a weird chemical smell
the smell is subtle
i can be sensitive to smell
all of the origin stuff stinks
glamglow for the eyes stinks
the fact that it doesn't have a scent
i love the smell of this product
it never stings or irritates
there is definitely a smell to this product that i do not love
the smell is a bit odd to me
it smells a bit funny
it smells clean and much like a spa!
the face cream smells good
the scent takes some getting used to
the smell is not my favorite
it smells a little strange
ren also smells great!
i find it smells really good
i love the gentle smell of this stuff
oh, and it smells amazing!
the smell is nice and not overpowering.
the smell is amazing and it is very gentle.
although the smell isn't the best
the smell of the product is not offensive at all
the smell was amazing
it smells amazing and has a great texture.
some said the smell was nice
one said it didnt smell that good
i think it smells ok.
smelled a little weird to me.
i think it smells great
it smells great, too!
the smell is divine
has a light pleasant smell
the only thing i don't really like too much is the smell of the cream
it has a pleasant almost spa like smell.
smells like it is full of really good quality ingredients for skin
i love the smell
it smells so wonderful that i just love putting it on
only if your sense of smell is crazy strong like mine
the odor smell like a light tree sap
this product smells great
the smell is heaven
the smell is something you get used to
at first the smell was strange
the smell is amazing
that the smell is part of the treatment though
which smells like fish oil
provided they don't mind the smell
it also smells wonderful!
i see some other reviewers don't like the smell
this one smells beautiful
the product smells a little funny
the smell goes away quickly
i like the smell alot too it smells of spice.
my only issue was the smell.
my boyfriend always complained about how unpleasant the smell was
this ren product smells good and is gentle.
the smell was nice to me
i think the scent is really strong
the smell does go away quickly
/or made me smell like my great aunt gladys
sort of musty at first
it does have weird scent at first
i love the smell, very rich and unique.
one thing i couldn't get pass was the smell for me it smelled like some type of medicine
i got used to the weird smell
the scent is odd yet i love it
not only does it smell great
the smell reminds me of spa products
the only thing is the smell- i find it pleasant
it smells so fresh and clean.
the smell would be my only complaint
oh, and it smells great.. like a spa.
i hate the smell
also as for the so called smell people are complaining about
it smells absolutely horrid
the smell you just have to get used to
the smell won't even matter
my only issue with it is that it smells horrible.
yeah it smells strong for 10 seconds
the smell is a little strong
that sounds so disgusting
the smell is quite strong
only complaints are that is smells terrible
doesn't smell the nicest
the smell is great too.
it does have an unusual smell
doesn't smell or feel mediciney
the smell is pleasant and refreshing.
it's smells nice too
this product to me does not have a pleasing smell
some were bothered by the smell
smell that you barely notice
people are complaining about the smell
honestly it doesn't smell bad at all
it just smells like they haven't added a bunch of scents to it
i got used to the smell.
-the smell is pretty bad
it definitely has a chemical-heavy smell
if you don't mind the smell
some have mentioned it smells bad
i don't really notice a scent at all
it isn't the greatest smelling wash
it doesn't smell bad
they didn't smell good
it does have a slight scent which is also alright
smells good and absorbs quickly fells good
it has very little smell
there is also no scent to this.
this one has little to no smell
i want to like other products because i am always attracted to great smelling product
and it doesn't smell strange either.
i really like the way this moisturizer smells
i love the way it smells
it kind of smells like pepermint
f you're very sensitive to smells
it does have a weird smell to it
once its absorbed i don't smell it anymore
the smell is refreshing to me.
i don't smell it once it has absorbed.
it also smelly really stinky
it does have a smell to it but i like it.
i know some people have commented on the smell
an added bonus - it smells wonderful.
if smelling like a summer vegetable is the worst thing you can say about a product
it does kind of have a weird smell
it does have a smell
you can smell the cucumber, but i don't hate it.
the smell isn't bothersome at all in my opinion
it doesn't really have a smell in my opinion
i love the smell of it
fresh with no harsh chemical smell or feel
it has a fresh smell that does not linger on your skin
couldn't get past the smell
also - it smells fabulous!
the smell is so fresh
the first thing you notice is the scent.
i really like the smell
some people complain about the smell of the sunscreen
just didn't like the smell or consistency of other night creams
i love the smell of it
also good value for money, and smells beautiful!
the smell is nice too.
i love the smell
it has a medicine type smell
it smells a lot like wet b
i enjoy the chemical smell as well.
some have complained about the smell
some are sensitive to smell than others
the smell fades pretty quick
the only thing is that is smells horrible!
it has a really gross smell
the smell is not too good
by the way, it smells weird.
the smell doesn't bother me at all
the smell is not so great
it does not smell great
they not only smell but feel amazing.
the smell is also very nice and refreshing.
great scent for a guy
they smell pretty good.
which leaves an unpleasant smell on his face
the only downside is the strong smell of alcohol
he says he's gotten immune to the smell now though
they also smell surprisingly good
the smell made my eyes water something awful
if you're sensitive to strong smells
if you can tolerate strong smells
the smell is amazing
this stuff smells soooo good and feels great on!
i love the smell too.
this not only smells amazing
and it smells great too!
it smells amazing, and works wonders.
the smell is intoxicating- fresh
it also smells delicious.
get why there is no scent
the smell is very faint
so you just smell clean after using it
anyway, the smell was calming to me.
i like that it has no scent
a pleasant smell that doesn't last long
the smell is somewhat medical
i love the smell of this cleanser.
i love the smell as well!
the very mild smell
the smell isn't to powerful
it cleans very well and the smell is nice.
i don't love how it smells
it really does smell great.
it smells good, no over powering scent.
it doesn't have a strong odor
smells mild yet nice
the smell is also really nice
doesn't leave any scent or "residue" type feeling
one star off because i'm not a huge fan of the smell
as usual clinique makes a product that doesn't have funny smells or irritants
it doesn't have a strong smell to it
does not have a strong smell
it doesnt have a harsh/gross smell
the smell is a bit too strong
it works great, and smells delicious!
this cream is light and smells really nice!
the smell is fantastic!
it smells like rancid play doh.
i am not even that familiar with the smell of play doh
also love the smell
the smell was overpowering
smells great too & result driven quickly !!!
also- it smells amazing.
i liked the smell of the product
the smell of this product is very refreshing too.
there is a strong orange scent that you can sorta smell when it's on your face
the smell is not the nicest
plus the smell is great.
i've noticed some people mention a smell
i love the smell and it works!
it smells kinda funny
also smelled the worst
i like the smell as well.
:) oh and it smells pretty good
i am not crazy about the smell
it doesn't feel heavy and has a pleasant scent!
i've found is that the smell takes some getting used to
pleasant smell that doesn't wreak of chemicals
it's so lightweight and it smells fresh.
the smell definitely isn't great
does not have a smell
there is no smell
weird chemicals making it have a weird sensation every once in a while
the smell is strong
although the smell was lit
only complaint is the smell
it smells like happiness
there is a distinct smell
immediately loved the smell
does not have a smell as someone commented
i like the smell
it smells like real roses
which all smell like fish
i love the smell
the smell is light
it smells like roses
the product feels and smells great!
but one thing i do hate is the smell!!!
the smell, the light feeling, not greasy.
it is some kind of rosy smell
the bad side is the awful smell
and i actually love the smell of it.
it smells like rose water upon application
i am very sensitive to smell
i took off one star because it smells a bit unpleasant
it definitely isn't the best-smelling
bad reviews regarding the smell
toxic air environment never happened to it
it smells like roses
the other is the smell
to my surprise he said mmmm- you smell really nice
it's sooo disgusting smelling
if you use other perricone products which stink
i love the smell too
smells great when you put it on
the smell is wonderful
the smell is not too overwhelming.
i love the way that it smells
and the smell is fantastic!!
the smell is slightly unpleasant
smells amazing, cleanses completely with ease.
it also comes with a great smell
i am not too fond of the smell
that's true it start to smell bad
used under another good smelling product
it kind of has a baby powder smell to it which i like
i know some people don't like scents like that
to me, the cleanser smells nice and fresh.
the smell is an added bonus.
which smells like rotten fish
i did hear that the scent changes
the smell is heavenly
even the smell is nice
i absolutely love the smell of baby powder.
we both love the baby powder smell
it smells nice and a little goes a long way.
the smell isn't overwhelming
except for the smell
smells just as great
i love that it's made without toxins
nice smell, takes all my make up off.
it smells nice without leaving a strong scent behind
i like this cleanser because it smells good
it smells a little bit like baby powder.
commented on how great my face smelled after i had washed
no fish smell at all
some people think perricone has a fishy smell to it
does have a baby-powder smell
i don't care about the smell of this cream
not greasy nor smelly.
the smell is really nice too!
the smell is not that great, but it is ok.
love the product but not a big fan of the smell.
forfeited it would be more fresh smelling.
more like a stinch smell to it
as for the smell
the smell is amazing too!
smells nice lathers well.
i notice a smell at all
i am confused about other reviews of bad odor i think it smells so clean
the smell is "there"
although didn't smell very good felt like it was cleaning my skin
it smells nice, too.
it foams up a little bit and smells very fresh.
smell is very important to me
which it has a nice light smell
once it's on the lids it does have a somewhat strange smell
that smell goes away once it's absorbed.
the cream did not sting or smell
the smell is not nice, though.
doesn't have a strong scent like some of perricon's products do
it does smell slightly.
despite the odor problems often noted with perricone products
it also smells wonderful
this smells amazing and does wonders for my skin.
the orange smell is kinda nice
the smell is fantastic
she likes the orange smell.
the smell is lovely
how wonderful the smell is
love the smell and everything about it!
i love the refreshing smell of it
the product smells amazing
the smell was amazing
it smells so good
i love the smell of this, it's a familiar smell.
it does smell good though!
it smells amazing, leaves the skin squeaky clean.
i absolutely love the smell.
also smells really great!
it smells like orange
the smell is heavenly-so fresh
besides the wonderful smell it really cleans my face well without drying it out
gentle on my skin i love that the only problem is the smell i got it because i loved how it smelled
this cleaners smells soon good
the smell is amazing
this stuff smells so good
the smell is so nice.
it is gentle and smells terrific.
the smell takes you away
this smells amazing which makes it so nice to use
it seriously smells so good.
this cleanser smells so amazing
smell so good after using it
the smell is amazing
this cleanser feels super nice and smells amazing
i love this great smelling
the scent is absolutely wonderful as well.
plus it smells great!
the smell is incredible
love the smell of this product as well
i know for sensitive skin smells can be irritating
the smell is so fresh
it smells great and works wonders on my skin.
the smell is very pleasant.
people who are mentioning the products over bearing smell are crazy it smells beautiful
i love the smell
love the smell too, no strong scent!
i wanted to love this cause it smells so good
it is what pure products smell like--nearly no scent
it has a great smell
smell is not too strong.
the smell is pleasant- nothing especially great
you can't smell it on your face
it has an odd scent which i don't like.
i love the rose smell.
i love the smell
i love the way this smells.
this smells even better
honestly my favorite thing about it is the smell.
the smell is light in my opinion
the first time i used it i hated the smell
i don't mind the smell and i like the texture.
smells great also, not overwelming.
the smell is weird but otherwise i love it!
the smell is great too.
i love the smell
i love the smell
the smell isn't great at all
i'd rather have something that smells not good
smells nice and feels good and calm on skin.
the smell is very light.
a first the smell can be a little different.
the smell is light
the smell is so fresh
i don't like the smell
i really dislike the smell
smell is not the most pleasant scent.
it smells good too!
smells a bit like grass
(and the earthy smell is great!)
what smell it does have is like a clean/ natural-barely there yet very yummy
it smells so refreshing
it also smells like a spa so yes yes and yes!!!!
it smells like happiness (i.e.
i didn't find the smell to be bad
t smells a little intense when first applied
does it job and smells good.
kind of "high end" smelling
for people that don't like the smell
you probably won't like the smell of this
the scent makes it extra nice to use
had to wash it off of my face because the smell was disgusting
despite the amazing smell
i love the smell
there is no mistaking the smell
i love the smell of this cream
it also smells lovely.
the smell is great too!
the light smell is lovely
it doesn't have a strong smell which is nice.
the smell is lovely, too.
it also has a very mild but nice smell.
it also smells nice
the smell everyone talks about is different
i hate the smell of lytchee
i even look forward to the smell
the smell is a comforting
my major complaint is the smell--it is so horribly off-putting to me
the smell is intoxicating
skin looks wonderful after one use smells wonderful wish i could bathe in this product
very nice smell, it's also smells very potent.
i think it smells great
i love this mask because it smells very nice!
it smells pretty nice
because the smell of this mask is an atrocity
doesn't smell so bad
the smell kinda bothered me
smell is just a plus
the smell is delicious
the smell is awesome
the smell is a light, pleasant and happy.
i think the smell is what made me fall in love.
i absolutely am fond of the smell
i love the smell of this
the smell is delicious.
the texture of it and smell is amazing.
gently and smell not bad at all.
the smell is quite pleasant
it smells so fresh and is so easy to apply.
it smells great too kind of like flowers.
it also smells great
it never smells too strong or irritates my skin
it has a soft smell as do all their products.
it feels good and smells good.
it's luxurious and smells great!
the person that said it has a strong smell
this barely has a smell.
the smell is nice and subtle too!
i don't find the smell overwhelming or memorable in any way
i also love the smell.
it smells really nice and foams up really nicely.
it also smells amazing!
it has a great scent too.
it smells great and cleaning so well.
-smells great-side effects: smooth
the smell is really nice
it cleans beautifully and smells great.
the smell is good and its rich in cream.
it has a really light lovely smell.
the smell is wonderful too.
it's smell is pretty good.
it smells great and really gets my face clean.
it has this really light smell that just wakes you up
there's no scent to it nor is it oily on the face
bonus it smells great too.
smells good and works great!
i love the smell of it
i love the smell.
it smells really pretty too
it"s not oily with a pleasant smell.
also, the product does not smell strong.
it has a very light smell to it
although there is a mild smell to the oil
which smell reminds me of like crayons
however the smell is not very appealing
it didn't have a strong smell which is always a plus
i didn't like the smell
it doesn't have a strong smell
my only complaint is that it smells a little like suncreen
the only thing i really don't like is the smell
sometimes in the morning i hold my breath because the smell makes me sick
the only thing i don't like is the very strong sunscreen smell
this smells like nothing
it does smell weird
smell is much better than straight-up suncreen
it has a bit of a chemical smell
smells like sunscreen but its not greasy feeling.
does not smell strongly
smells like alcohol though.
for all of you who wrote "doesn't smell good" or "it saids fragrance free
does smell a little like sun screen
it doesn't have astrong odor
it has spf 25 and no strong odor.
as for the smell
as for the smell, it grows on you.
the smell is pretty earthy
the smell is wonderful.
i love the smell of this product!
the smell takes a little getting used to
it doesn't always smell the greatest
what i don't like is the smell.
it smells like it's gone bad.
it's got a pleasant smell.
the smell might throw you off
i love the smell too!
the smell was just awful
talk about the smells
i love the smell.
it makes your skin smell wonderful
have found that it smells
the smell is gentle
it also has a pleasant smell.
it does smell like roses but dissipates quickly.
i personally love the smell
smells like i've visited the spa
oh, and it smells lovely too, like a spa!
no awful smell or greasiness at all
the smell is heavenly.
smells a bit strongly like roses
the smell is a little weird at first
also has a pleasant smell.
i really like the smell
it smells great to me
its smell isn't overpowering.
the smell was really strong
i can ignore the smell
it has a lovely smell of rose
smells great and is very effective.
other reviews claim that it has a bad smell.
i don't think it smells at all.
i didn't notice any particular odor
there are two small problems- one is that it smells bad to me
it's rich and smells incredible.
the smell is strong
the smell is why i give a 4/5 stars
it has the smell
can deal with the smell
even with the awful smell
it does leave a little bit of a smell
not 5 is because it smells like glue
i wish it smelled a little better
yes, it still smells of spf.
it smells like modge podge so that's not ideal
also i found the smell is gentle and comforting.
didn't really notice a smell.
the smell is calming
and i like the smell!
smells great too and foams really nice
the smell is refreshing as well.
the smell isn't overwhelming
it's non-greasy, non-drying, and smells great!
i love the smell
it has a nice scent too.
this is a really gentle cleanser that smells amazing
the smell is inoffensive
i love the smell
the scent isn't too strong, which is good
the smell does grow on you
i love the smell and how it cleans my skin.
it smells great, and it really works.
enjoy the soothing smell
it smells so good
the smell alone is awesome!
one thing i didn't like about this product is the smell
i love the smell, the feel, and the results.
the smell is terrible and it lingers for hours.
if they could remove the smell
luckily i think it smells fresh
i love the smell it has.
this eye cream has even less of the odor
it has a faint smell
this stuff is amazing: it smells so good in a natural
it also has a really nice light scent to it.
smells nice too.. kind is citrusy smell.
legit smells like froot loops
also, the smell is great.
it also smells amazing
the smell is also a plus too
the smell is delicious
does anyone else notice it smells
it smells like bathroom cleaner to me now
never emits too much product
it has a lovely smell
not only does it smell super yummy
also, the smell isn't overpowering.
it smells sooooo good
didn't have any kind of weird smell like the goat milk
very clean refreshing smell
smells really nice-clean and cucumber.
first off..the smell.
the scent is really nice.
it is super gentle and smells wonderful!
i love the smell
it smells great and a little goes a long way.
it is effective without the overwhelming smells i have used in other washes
it smells wonderful and leaves no residue.
it smells wonderful and works well.
nice smell that doesn't linger
it smells wonderful and really cleans.
this cleanser smells good
i love the way this smells and feels!
i like the smell
i love the smell of this oil
the smell isn't overpowering
love the smell and works really good
has a soft clean smell to it
dont like perfumey smells on my face.
the smell is light
it also smells good and non-irritating.
love how foamy it is and how it smells.
i don't like the smell much
smells nice and keeps skin clear.
smells great and does the job.
all with a pleasant smell
ps it has a super great clean smell
nice scent not too overpowering.
smells great, works great.
i don't like the smell that much
the gentle daily wash smell was much more refreshing
most people don't like the smell
plus it smells great.
plus it smells good.
but it does smell funny.
i honestly do not notice a bad smell.
ive seen a few people complain about the smell
while i liked the smell
there is no noticeable scent unless you really give it a good whiff
it doesn't have a smell to it
so lightweight and smells amazing.
i hate the smell
smells like big spray to me
that is just a opinion some think smells good
it's a simple clean smell
has a bit of a strange smell, but not bothersome.
has such a nice light fresh smell
the scent didn't bother me at all
i don't have a problem with smell it's not the best smell ever
i've read a ton of reviews complaining of a bad smell
the lotion doesn't have much of an odor
i also don't really like the smell
it also smells nice.
it has no smell and sinks in to my skin well.
it smells good too.
smells great and i love this!
the smell is definitely milky
the smell doesn't bother me at all
the only thing i really don't like about it is the smell
there really is no scent
some people says smell puts them off
quite frankly it smells organic
but the smell is really not good.
le smells probably wouldn't like this
f you're good with smell
another thing i don't like is the smell of the cream
was not crazy about the smell at first
then found myself craving the smell of it
the smell is kinda strong
i think it smells nice too
it really works and has a greeaaaat smell.
it smells great and cleanses my skin thoroughly.
it smells so good.
your hair smells really good
the smell is ok
the smell is amazing!!!
the smell is very addictive
it smells good, feels good and i see results.
i've noticed some people didn't like the smell
i love that it has absolutely no smell whatsoever
no stinky or overpowering scent!
no smell at all
it has a really nice smell
especially the smell is great!
the foam is nice smell
i love how the scent is very clean
not overpowering at all
the smell is amazing
it doesn't strip my face and it smells wonderful!
smells really fresh too!
i love the light smell too
i like the smell of it
the smell is amazing
i really like the smell as well.
i really enjoy the smell too.
i like the smell
i love the smell
it also smells incredible.
it doesn't have a strong smell or makes your eyes sting
the smell is so good
it also smells beautiful
it smells so good
the sweet smell it left behind
the smell is great
i love its smell
it smells like clean face to me
it also has an amazing calming smell which relaxes me every time i wash my face
the smell is not offesive or perfumey.
the smell is comforting to me
i really enjoyed the smell of the product
it smells so nice, not overbearing at all.
my biggest problem is the scent -- it is almost overpowering
doesn't have a lingering smell
there are lots of complains about the scent
so you better like that smell
also like how it smells.
i can feel that it "holds" my skin some how- smell deliciously good
plus it smells wonderful!
it is so silky and smells so good.
i really like the scent
the smell may be a little strong for my taste
my only true criticism would be of the smell.
it smells so good!
strong smell but doesn't linger.
a lot of other reviews complain of the smell
i read reviews saying it smells strong
smell does bother you for like 30-50 secs
the smell reminds me of something my gr
i happen to love the scent
i saw lots of people complain about the scent
i am not bothered by the scent
the smell is awesome
sulwhasoo has a hanbang smell that might deter some people
the smell isn't overpowering
it absorb so quickly and smells amazing!
i do think it smells nice
i love the smell of it
oh, and it smells divine.
this stuff smells amazing
i don't smell anything strange as other people have mentioned
it smells like bad old lady perfume.
it is artificial smelling.
it smells so good.
it smells like the spa which i love
it smells like something a 90yo floridian retiree thinks smells "sexy"
yet smells like a ft
it smells great too!
the smell is amazing and fresh!
the smell is amazing too.
it's not oily, goes on smooth and smells great.
bonus: it smells really good!
this one smells like heaven and works amazingly.
this has a nice smell to it
the first thing i loved about it was the smell.
it smells beautiful and clean.
love the smell of this gel!!!
the smell might bother some
it absorbs quickly and doesn't have a smell.
has no offensive smell
and it smells good too!
i love the smell and the feel of it.
which had a strong fake smell
i love the fresh smell
smells great i can feel improvement
it does have a slight 'manly' smell during application
good smell and not greasy at all.
cons: i'm not a fan of the smell
there is no manly smell
i do not notice a bad smell at all
t's odd that people are disgusted by the smell
personally, i do not notice a smell.
i love the smell
i dont even mind the "fishy" smell of some of the products
has a bit of a "fishy" smell
the smell is not bad at all
my only problem is the smell
it doesn't smell horrific
it just isn't the most appealing smell either <not to me>
this product smelled pleasant
advanced face firming activator which was so offensively fishy smelling to me that i had to wash my face
now i have to complain of a strong purfume smell which is supposto not have a smell never did bfore
it does not smell bad or good
it does not smell bad at all.
it doesn't smell great
this product smells bad
again it does smell kind of gross
yes, it stinks like fish.
the smell goes away quickly
it smells good too.
nice light formula and nice smell.
no fishy smell at all.
it doesn't smell at all bad as much as some other products
i don't mind the "fishy" smell it go's away in a few minutes anyway
i don't think this product smells like fish at all
the smell is a little strong
sitting there for 20 minutes inhaling the nasty smell
it has a great smell and texture.
while i usually don't mind smells
that one left my face smelling funny long after washing it off
no sulfer smell too
definitely nice to avoid that smell
it smells heavenly., too!
the smell is amazing and i love putting it on.
the smell is probably my new favorite smell in the world
i can smell it on
i would buy it again just because of the smell!
doesn't smell good or bad
melts into the skin and smells wonderful.
smell is a little strong
the smell was a little weird
love the smell of the cream as well
the smell is a little strong
i absolutely adore the smell of all caudalie products
this smells exactly like oleg cassini perfume from the 70's
what with the scent involved here
the smell is soooooo lovely
it also smells lovely
the scent doesn't bother me
the smell is truly disgusting
i can't say this about most better smelling products out there
i did find the smell would disapate after a while
yes it does have a smell that reminds me of a rusty old can
many comment on the smell.
yes smells pretty bad
for me the amazing benefits are worth the smell
some people say this stuff has a strong odor
i don't get the whole "fishy" smell thing.
that will be what you smell
this product doesn't smell great
the smell is so bad
the smell reminds me of fish food
there is a faint smell that honestly
the only thing that is completely awful is the smell
i am not overly sensitive to smell
have put many unpleasant smelling things on my face
this one really is something i could not get used to the odor
i can't smell the stink that everyone talks about
so some people smell it
i'll agree 100% that this product is stinky.
it doesn't smell anything like fish
it definitely does not smell like fish.
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
it does have an odd swampy smell
the cream does indeed have a slight smell
i received a sample and no fishy smell!
if yours has an off odor, send it back!
who thinks everything smells funny
maybe a bit like a very mild paint smell
it is natural not perfume smelling like all the others that try to cover up natural smells odor in products
as for the smell, no lie its yucky.
i wouldn't say it smells like fish
honestly the smell takes about 5 mins to wear off
also doesn't smell beautifully
i mean it doesn't smell like flowers
the smell is a little funny
explain that it's giving off the odor that means it's gone bad
while i will admit that it does have a bit of a fishy/metallic odor
the smell is vanquished
smell does take some getting used to
that the smell would be offensive
you really can't smell it at all
the smell is not of this earth, i tell you!!
it certainly has smelled better
putting up with the smell
the smell dissipates and is not too bad.
commented on the vile smell
i just don't smell it anymore
no smell at all.
i personally think the product had a pleasant smell
some say the smell is too much to h
the smell barely lasts
but the smell does fade.
but he couldn't smell it at all.
despite the initial smell
i only subtracted one star for the odor....
more like a medicine like smell which is not strong to me
smelled perfume like also
smells more of a chemically smell to me
has that "fish smell" to it
i don't mind the smell at all
so first things first...it does not smell good.
i know there are a lot of reviews that say this smells like "dead fish
the smell is not that bad
not overpowering or super fishy
there is a smell that may be unpleasant when you open the jar
there is not a fishy smell that i can detect
yes, it has a funky but natural smell.
the smell doesn't last long
the smell is not long lasting
yes it does have a smell.
no longer even notice the odor
a natural ingredient in the product that produces what some describe as a fishy smell
there is an odor to the cream that is more noticeable initially
so when i say this doesn't smell that bad it probably doesn't smell as bad as some people have mentioned
the only time cold plasma ever smelled bad to me is when i got a sample
it actually smelled rotten
it smells it may have gone bad
all of the reviews about the smell
the smell isn't so bad
the smell was odd -- reminds me of kelp
i wonder if the smell lessens over time
like i said the smell doesn't last
patient with the smell
i also heard the smell was gross.
well i tried it and there was a smell to it.
well i hardly notice the smell anymore.
as far as the smell no one in my family could smell it on me after a few minutes
i don't mind the smell that much
the smell is a bit odd
the smell is totally worth dealing with
my sample had no odor at all
the smell isn't great either
now yes this product does smell sort of interesting
not everything has to smell like flowers to be powerful
smells awful but the benefits are incredible.
i love the smell as well!
it smells great and lasts a long time.
so deal with the smell cause this stuff works!
doesn't really have a scent
it doesn't smell very exciting
i love the smell
so light and no heavy smell.
don't love the smell at first
it's fragrance free so there is absolutely no smell in it
the thing that bothers me is that it has a mild acid smell to it
it doesn't have the greatest of smells
no strong smell is a plus as well.
the smell is odd but you get used to it.
at first i thought it smelled gross
now it doesn't smell at all
even though the smell isn't the best
to me it just smells kind of like a clean baby?
i don't think the smell is off putting
it also doesn't smell fantastic
the smell is not the best
the smell is a bit odd
it doesn't smell that nice
i don't smell anything
the smell is unique but you get used to it.
the smell is not bad.
i saw some reviews saying the smell was horrible.
only reason it isn't 5 stars is it smells awful i hate the smell
i love that it doesn't have a scent
it does smell like eucalyptus right when you apply it
it doesn't have a strong smell
there is a medicine smell that isn't terrible
the one downfall is the smell.
the lotion does have an odd odor
the sulphur smell dissipates pretty quickly
once it's dry i can't smell it at all
it does smell a little funky due to the sulphur
the smell is really odd to me
almost smells like wood on fire or fireworks lol i'm not sure exactly
i even like the mild sulfur of the smell.
this product smells like far-s
c'mon that's what sulfur smells like
the smell does go away once it's been rubbed in
i love that this product doesn't have an overwhelming scent
only thing i dislike is the smell it has
yes, it smells awful, but it works so well.
i didn't smell it
said it definitely did not smell nice
it does not smell which is a plus for the hubby
couldn't get over the fishy smell in glow
i began to hate the smell
i like how this smells
the smell is nice too.
this one actually smells nicer
the smell isn't overwhelming like some
still smelled like sunscreen?
which smells both clean
it smells good and works great!
i didn't like the smell at first
it smelled very fresh.
doens't have a bad odor
still gives you the right moisture the smell is nice too
plus it doesn't smell
i suppose not all products smell the greatest
has an odd odor
i just wish it had a yummy smell.
the smell is a touch chemical for me.
i didn't like the smell at first
the smell when you first put it on
it doesn't have the offensive smell
it is not too greasy and smell is subtle.
the scent is okay and not overwhelming.
the smell is good
i love the smell!
i don't mind the smell of it
even though it does smell a bit interesting though
on top of that, it smells absolutely amazing.
i love the smell
i love the smell and texture.
it is gentle, without a harsh smell.
the smell is phenomenal
i loved the smell for some reason
best of all it has no harsh smell!
it doesn't have any scent so
the smell was awesome
the smell is like a bunch of roses
and it smells absolutely incredible.
smells great, feels great on my skin.
it makes my skin so soft and it smells awesome.
has a nice soft pleasant smell
the smell is very clean
nice soft smell too.
i missed the smell, too.
and it also smells really good!
it has a great smell too.
i do enjoy the smell of the laura mercier cream better though
the smell is great
said its smells like roses
it has a great smell
the smell of this lotion kind borthers me.
i love the smell as well, it is heavenly!
like the protective cremeit smells great
this one feels and smells nice.
i also like its smell.
the only con is the smell
i love the smell
smells great like other dior products
the smell is really good
it smells great: not strong
this smells great making it enjoyable to use
i know some people complain of the smell
in fact, i love the smell and think its amazing!
a bonus is it smells great
the smell is delightful
great product works and smells great!
it's fast absorbing and has a clean smell.
this way that awful smell doesn't linger
shortly after apply i started to smell something so disgusting
smell is awful and so close to unbearable.
i've learned to breathe through my mouth until the smell dissapates
however it does have a fishy smell to it.
unfortunately it does have a slightly uncomforting smell
i don't really notice a smell to it.
i am not super sensitive to smell as others
the smell is tough to overcome.
face the plasma is pretty stinky
the smell is pretty gross
my motto is, if it smells, it works.
although everyone complained of the smell
there is an odor, but not a strong fish odor.
the smell is not that bad
everytime i apply it around my eyes that fishy smell drives me crazy
and the smell doesn't fade!
previous reviewer said the smell was bad.
was hesitant because of the reviews that it smells really bad
more like a metal smell than fishy.
it's not the most pleasant smell in the world
the best way to describe the smell is
this stuff does have an unpleasant smell
the only problem is the smell!
although if i have one complaint is that it smells
it only smells when you are putting it on
once it's on your eyes it doesn't have a smell
if you are smell sensitive
i apparently have missed the smell that everyone complains about?
as i cannot tolerate bad smells
hardly notice the smell anymore
some have commented on the smell of the cream.
there is no smell whatsoever
washing can't smell it at all
this products scent is not too pleasant
its worth putting up with the weird scent
when i rec'd a sample of this from sephora i noticed an unpleasant odor
the smell is not that bad and goes away fast.
the smell is like a burning plastic smell to me.
perricone could do something about the smell
i looked all over my bathroom to find that smell!
the smell is very slight
it does smell like fish
if you are sensitive to smells
the only thing is the smell.
i can't even smell it ---
thats why i use even though it smells bad
some people cannot tolerate the smell
which like i said smells to me like dead fish
the complaint about the smell
doesn't care if you smell like a dead fish
the only downfall is the smell.
this product really does smell bad.
it doesn't smell like fish to me
there is definitely an unpleasant odor
i couldn't smell it any more
someone mentioned the smell
mine doesn't really smell like much of anything
the only thing i smell is cucumbers
didn't break me out, doesn't smell
it smells a little funny
smells like home depot.
it smells really bad
the smell does not linger throughout the day so that is good
the smell is a little weird
it has a slight smell
so the smell must just be the natural smells of the ingredients
also, there is no weird smell, which is a plus.
it does not have the best scent
feels light and smells neutral, almost.
it smells like real ingredients
while i think it's a good moisturizer with no obvious smell
also the smell is kinda strange like it's not totally offensive
it smells so good
it smells, looks, feels like clay )) but it works
the smell reminds me of a spa.
the scent is quite nice
the lack of all the nasty chemicals is amazing
i happen to love the smell
i kind of like the smell.
this is my favorite ren cleanser- it doesn't really have much of a smell
the smell is great
smells a little like rose
i also love the smell.
while it does have that 'clay' smell
the smell is amazing
i read other reviews complaining about the smell
it smells kind of like a spa
the clay smell bothered me at first
although i am not too fond of the scent.
slight smell to it, but not bad.
the lovely smell is so relaxing
i love the smell.
smells great and does the job.
it smells really great
it also has a very relaxing calming smell which makes you fall asleep better
the smell of this cream also makes this product great because you feel like your at a spa
i like this smell
i like the way it smells
it smells very good.
i love the smell
the smell took me quite some time to get used to
it also smells great
which is also amazing because it smells nice
has no real smell
it smells so clean
the best part is the smell
the fragrance or fumes or whatever it was burned my eyes
live the smell texture everything
it does smell like oranges
i give it four stars for the smell
the smell is amazing!
that it smells like orange creamsicles
i love the smell.
nice smell that's not perfumy
the smell is not overpowering at all
actually smells nice to me
even though the smell is not unpleasant
i personally love the smell.
some others commented on the smell
smells good and makes my skin feel great.
it doesn't smell bad at all
i've seen some complaints about the smell
the best thing is the smell.
feels great , smells great !
the smell is not strong.
it smells clean to me
that being said i read all the reviews an=bout the bad smell
the smell isn't as bad as some claim
great smell, awesome under make up.
the smell is fantastic too
i just wish it didn't smell so awful
this one smells good
i also like the way it smells
wonderful smell, nice texture and good coverage.
the smell is relaxing and refreshing!
the smell is heavenly.
when i first smelled this cream i was brought back to my childhood as i think it smells exactly like those c
smells good, feels good.
the way it smells
not only does it smell great
and smells just like it.
no nauseating smell that stays on your skin either
the scent is very clean and nice.
i love the product, the smell doesn't bother me.
they all smell great and go on smooth.
does not irritate and no scent.
i usually like fresh smells
however, it is a very faint smell.
this doesn't really have a scent.
i would say it smells similar to eucerin lotion.
the smell is good.
the soft smell is pleasing
i love the smell
this fresh smelling cleanser is wonderful.
i think it smells really good
the smell is light
as with all dior, i love the smell!
my only disapointment is that it is almost has no smell at all
i wasn't fond of the smell
smells good in my opinion
not to mention it smells soo good!
the smell is so amazing
it has a very clean smell that isn't overpowering
has no smell to it
...oh, and the smell is divine.
some people complain about the smell
it's got a light smell
i read that several reviewers said it had a unpleasant smell
the truth is that it has very little scent which i love
the smell was really light
it was sticky and smelled too synthetic.
smells amazing as well.
non offensive smell and does the trick.
the smell is great too!
also, it smells fantastic!
the only thing i don't like is the smell
love how it smells!
the only thing bad about it is the smell
smells great and feels so good on my skin.
it smells amazing -- fresh
getting a sample of this or at least smell the light fragrance it has to make sure you love it
the smell is to die for
it's so light weight and smells so good!
and the smell is so nice!
smell it since it smells so gooooooodddddd
it smells great and it is super light weight.
it smells so good
it smells really amazing to.
i really like the way it smells too
it also has a great smell!
it has a wonderful smell.
i love it and the smell.
such a pleasant clean smell.
the smell is amazing
it's moisture and smells good.
best part is it smells soo good.
it smells like a dream
it also smells amazing!!
the only thing i dislike is the smell.
a smells great, very subtle.
it sinks into my skin nicely and smells so good!
it smells sooo good
the only think that i don't like is the smell
the smell is amazing
smells great and does help my makeup last longer.
the smell is really nice
it works and smells amazing!
it also smells incredible
not to mention the scent is a perfect "wake me up
the smell is amazing.
- i'm also a huge fan of the smell
it has a very mature smell to it though.
it doesn't smell bad in my opinion though.
it smells weird, but the smell doesn't last long.
this is what this face oil smells like.
i could smell the oils for hours
i think it smells amazing
the smell is strong
a little goes a long way and it smells amazing!
also you'll love the way it smells.
it smells so refreshing!
le the strong smell
it smells good but it was too strong for me.
it sinks in, and smells amazing!
it smells wonderful, also -- not overbearing.
it also smells really good
it has an odd smell
it doesn't feel overpowering
the smell doesn't linger
the smell is enough to feel refreshing without artificial or silly
there's a very light fresh smell
i think it smells really nice
it does have a faint smell
i love the texture and the slight smell too.
it's very moussey and smells nice and light.
it smells amazing and is very light.
i love the smell
someone else's review said that it smelled bad.
it does not smell bad nor does it make your skin smell bad
what i liked about it is that it doesn't smell
it does have at first a slightly funny smell
it is light, goes on smooth, and smells great.
no smell and no pilling.
i keep smelling it throughout the day
it smells kind of fishy
it smells great and makes my skin so soft.
that smell is just yuck
it has a very nice smell and does a great job.
love how it smells!!!
no strong scent that i noticed.
i think this one smells just fine
i love the smell
the smell is light
smells great i love this
loved the smell of this
doesn't have a strong odor
i can't stop smelling it
i really like the smell too!
i also like the smell.
the smell is also really nice
smell is light and not overwhelming.
this product smells amazing
the smell is a little strong
the smell is amazing.
it smells so fresh
i love the way this smells
plus it smells amazing too!
i really like the scent
they smell amazingly fresh
i like the soft subtle smell too.
i don't find that it has much of a smell at all
it does not have a strong smell either
can deal with a faint smell lingering around
nice enough smell, nothing special.
it smells very nice
it smells great and works well on my dry skin.
the smell is also very nice.
the smell is clean and fresh.
this one has a very musky scent which bothers me right when i apply it
i did like the smell though.
the smell is light but pretty.
not to mention it smells awesome!
this gel smells nice
there is no smell.
the smell is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!
i could just sit and smell this stuff.
or make me nauseous
i know some people complained about the scent
doesn't have an offensive odor
no smell to it which i like.
i love the smell
and i love the smell.
the smell is amazing!!
i love the clean smell of this
it feels great and smells amazing.
the scent doesn't bother me
it does have a scent to it
it does smell very light
it smells good too
believe me it smells wonderful
oh, and the smell is to die for...
incredible smell, luxurious feel!
it smells and feels so good against my skin.
the smell doesn't bother me at all
moments after putting it on i smell nothing.
i didn't notice a bad smell
i just love that it evens my skin out beautifully no bad smell
the only down side is the smell
it doesn't smell to me
i actually think it smells fresh
the stuff smells medicated
i love love the way this stuff smells!
doesn't smell unpleasant at all
the "fishy" smell in most perricone products is not there
the product smells nice
the smell is pleasant
kinda argan oil smell that immediately goes away
almost didn't try it when i smelled it
i do not detect any fishy smell in this formula at all
this product has little if any odor.
there's no offensive odor
love the texture & smell.
people complain about the smell in some of the reviews
smells pretty good too.
it may sound strange
some reviewers have complained about the smell
doesn't have much of a smell.
it has a sweet smell to it that quickly fades.
once you get past the fact that this stuff smells like eucalyptus cough drops
(the ole henriksen oil helps with the smell too.)
the smell to me isn't overwhelming
if anything it's just a "clean" smell
i love the smell of it too.
there is a slight smell to it
it doesn't stink for me
this stuff smells like moldy cheese
the main one is that it smells pretty bad
just wish they'd changed the smell
it doesn't smell wonderful
the smell doesn't last
it smelled great at first
not overpowering to mask a chemical smell
this product doesn't taste good
i think the fragrance is what gives me a funny taste when the product gets in my mouth
it smells like candy too!!
it also smells great
this cleanser has no smell which makes me think that there is almost no argan oil in it or that it has been chemically processed to remove the smell
it smells good too
it smells great and and last a long time.
it has this bad taste
the scent helps wake me it up a bit
it smells so yummy
i love the smell
it smells so good i want to eat it!
allergic to anything that has any kind of nice smell
smells amazing as well.
it went on warm and smelled great!!
has a nice citrusy smell and gets the job done.
the smell is amazing too.
how clean it smells
this has an amazing smell
it also smells wonderful.
somehow got a taste of the product
it smells soo good
it smells so nice
it's super light weight and has a pleasant smell.
it also smells amazing!
plus it smells divine
i love the smell
the formula smells light
the first thing i noticed about this lotion was how incredibly it smelled
they do have a smell
i adore the way it smells
this has a great fresh smell
doesn't smell like spf
i love the smell!
it smells good for a product with spf in it
it also smells really good
this smells really nice
it is a very clean smell
plus is smells lovely!
this product is good and i like the smell.
i like the smell too.
makeup feels amazing you need to try thing it also smells reallllly good ily benefit
the scent is one of the greatest things i've ever smelt in my opinion
i love the smell of it, too!
it smells great, and absorbs pretty quickly.
smells great and goes on smooth!
the only upside is that smells really good
this one just smells delicious
i honestly love the smell of it!
has an amazing smell
it made my face smell fresh
i've also never noticed the smell.
the only negative thing i would have to say is that it smells a lot like perfume
i like the smell but it's a bit too strong.
i love the smell too
also as an added bonus, the smell is amazing!!
the smell is light
the smell is amazing---quite strong
it smells absolutely amazing
i can still smell it on my face
the smell is also very light
i prefer this in terms of smell
smells exactly like my yes to cucumbers body
it also smells delicious without being overpowering
the smell is amazing
she complimented me on how wonderful it smelled
am obsessed with the smell
has a lovely smell too
it has the most amazing smell
the smell is simply amazing.
while it absorbs quickly it smells great
smells great, feels great.
not a miracle cream but smells and feels amazing.
as it smells natural to me
very very good for sensitive skin i love it smells like plants very natural smelling
it doesn't smell that bad either
the smell bothers me
the natural smell of it is not pleasant to me
the smell is pretty minimal
it doesn't really smell like much of anything
it does have a less than amazing smell
the smell is neutral to a little off
it smells a little bit spa-like
it smells very good
and it smells great, like oranges!
i like it smell very good
it smells very refreshing
it smells so good i wish i had perfume like it.
i love this scrub i love the smell it is nice like a sweet orange pinapple
this scrub smells great
the product smells good and is fun to use!
smells so delightful like all ren products
the smell is simply lovely too!
this smells like a florida dream
i love the smell and it absorbs super quickly.
i like this so much better: the smell
smells great, does not make me break out at all!
i don't like the smell
also has a nice consistency and no bad smells.
it kind of smells like paint
i wish it had a nicer scent though
love the smell also
it's own perfect smell
the smell is divine
the most i like of this eye cream is the smell
the smell doesn't bother me
does not have any smell
i don't agree that it has a strong smell either
the plasma has a strong fishy smell that lightens up through the day
use a philosophy body wash after to smell good
it has no offensive smell
the smell is okay
it's not a chemical smell at all.
i think it's just a smell from one of the ingredients
has absolutely no smell
no strong smell, no strange coloring.
good product, smells nice too.
however doesn't have any smell
i dislike the smell
the smell diminishes so that's fine
it smells wonderful and does what it says.
wish it didn't have thta fishy smell
this has no odor whatsoever
it smells and feels very nice.
i love that the product does not smell
other than that it smells good
it has a pleasant smell and a smooth texture.
the smell is alright
if stronger smells bother you
i sure wouldn't say it is my favourite smell
i think it smells luxurious
doesn't have a strong odor or anything
it does smell super weird though
i dont think it is a bad smell
the smell isn't great
it smells really earthy
the first thing that i noticed is the smell because is not pleasant at all
the smell that seems to be bothering some people
i think it smells kinda "healthy" if that makes sense
this balm is does not smell like i keep reading
we love the smell
did not notice any odd smell.
reminds me of an earthy smell
it does have a slightly off putting smell
as for smell- i can't complain, it's spa-like.
the smell isn't as pleasant as the eve lom cleanser
it does smell godawful so be prepared.
the smell is a little off putting
i don't like the smell
i love the smell of it and it feels amazing!
though it does have a somewhat odd smell...
it smells beautiful and heals too.
the scent is just ok
it does smell pretty weird as other reviewers have said
not sure what the smell is
in fact it smells sort of on the sweet side
this scent is just not particularly appealing to me
it has a clinical smell- not in a bad way
i actually love the smell of it
i didn't like the smell at first
i really haven't noticed that it has a scent at all
the smell of this product is not bad or overwhelming
love the smell & texture.
the only thing it has a weird smell
it also smells absolutely wonderful
very slight weird odor that almost smells fishy
i can't smell the watermelon scent that a few people have mentioned
never liked the smell... yes it has a scent.
love the clean smell too.
i love the way it smells
it smells nice and fresh, but not too much.
the slight smell is nice too.
i am usually very sensitive to smell
the smell is fresh and i like it.
i love love love the smell!!!
everyone complaining about the smell
have you smelled the blue plasma by perricone
?now that is a smell to complain about!!
i agree the scent is strong but it smells great.
i've seen some reviewers that dislike the smell
if they can change the scent to a more pleasant one
i really dont want to put a mask with a perfume smell to go to bed
one thing i don't like about it is the smell it's a really strong floral scent
smell great, not too strong, and natural.
as for the smell, i really like it.
and i love the smell!
i like how the product smells
the smell is noticeable but is pleasantly so.
the product does smell
the smell is gone
the smell is amazing
i really like the smell
this stuff smells so refreshing
because the scent lingers for some time
#2 it smells so good
the smell is wonderful
doesn't have a strong smell
this smells so nice
it's not a natural smell by any means
it smells very refreshing
i love the smell also
the mask is a great consistency with no smell
as i was smelling it
i love the smell and its simple.
it has a scent i would not call 'nice'
not greasy and it smells good.
it smells fantastic as well
works great and i like the way it smells.
i get what people say about the smell
i love the pump design and the smells.
it does not have a perfume smell to it at all.
it does, have a scent, which i quite enjoy.
doesn't have a strong smell.
the smell is definitely a minus as it smells like cheap
do not do well with strong odors
the odor is fresh
however, i can't get past the soapy smell.
i really like this product it smells really good
the smell is great
honestly, i haven't even noticed a scent.
i really love this product because it has a good scent
my only complaint is that it is not scent-free
i love the smell too.
awesome smell and makes my skin feel super clean!
the smell is great
:) also it smells amazing!
instantly brightening and smells so amazing.
first off it smells amazing
the smell is just amazing
smells amazing just like an orange push up pop
the smell is amazing
i tested this product out and love how it smells!
it light weight non greasy and has a nice smell.
it doesn't smell bad
the scent is not bad
it does have a wonderful refreshing smell which makes tired eyes feel rejuvenated
the smell is intoxicating
i do wish it smelled like the rest of the ginzing line
have a pleasant smell have a great consistence
the product has a refreshing smell
it smells great, but it's not irritating!
smell is nice note will generate no discomfort
this cream smells great
i like the smell, wasnt too strong.
the smell is amazing.
it has an awesome citrus smell that does not linger once applied
it also smells really good.
it also smells amazing
it doesn't smell bad
i wasnt a huge fan of the smell at first
very light and smells wonderful.
i love the smell
really loved this refreshing eye cream it instantly bright in my eyes feels really refreshing smells good citrusy smell
it also smells great!
it smells great and lathers wonderfully.
i love the smell and the feel!
it also smells great!
the only thing i'm not crazy about is the smell.
if you like these odors
i really like the scent too
it smells so amazing
the smell of this face wash is amazing!
earthy smell that wakes me up in the morning
scent is not bothering my skin :
the smell is light
has a nice refreshing smell to it which is perfect for the start of my morning
it doesn't smell weird
(it also smells really nice!)
there is an initial smell that i don't particularly like
the smell is pretty strong, but not offensive.
i love the smell and feeling on my skin.
loved the smell too and the cute jar.
it does smell really good
scent shouldn't matter--i'm aware--
light weight, clean, smells amazing.
i love the smell of this!
less important but still nice, i love the scent.
the smell is fantastic
other night creams i have used in the past smelled odd
it has a wonderful smell that surprised me
the smell is nice too
: the smell does not go away
it's not necessarily a bad smell
it is too strong for my taste
the smell is spa like without being overwhelming.
forgot about the smell
it has a pleasant smell
the smell is just amazing
the smell of this is invigorating.
putting something gross smelling on my face
the smell is so soothing
the pearl mask is so great it smells really good
overall it is a good product that smells nice
my skin feels so soft, smells amazing.
it smells amazing, very light and clean.
smells great and a little goes a long way.
it smells divine no old lady scent whatsoever.
the smell is heaven
it smells nice too!
there is no offensive odor or smell
also, the smell is great and fresh.
besides the amazing smell this cream is light
the smell is wonderful
if i could describe the smell of this cream in one word it would be "creamsicle"
i love the smell
i like the smell and that it makes my face soft.
the smell was so strong it somewhat gave me a headache
i couldn't tell what kind of smell it was.
the smell even though it's pleasing
my only issue is the smell is kind of overwhelming
it doesn't last that long, but the smell is good.
the smell is no bother to me!
some other reviewers complain about the smell i personally like it
it also smells super nice, like oranges.
also it smells amazing!
this has an amazing smell
it smells so good
i especially like the smell of this cream.
it smells amazing and it works fantastic.
the smell is awesome, doesn't feel oily or heavy.
it smells wonderful and makes my face feel soft.
how nice it smells
and i love the smell.
and the scent never gets old!
the smell it's soft very distinct.
first off the smell is like an orange dreamsicle.
i love the smell.
smells really good too!
this product smells like heaven
this stuff smells so good
the smell is amazing.
the smell of it is wonderful
it's smells good too like oranges
and it smells like orange which is good.
it smells really good.
i love the smell!
it has some great smell too!
and did i mention, it smells soooo good!!
it does have a tad bit of a stronger smell
it has a nice tea smell that isn't too strong for me to use since my skin is sensitive
my observations so far: the smell is wonderful
it smells so great
it smells absolutely amazing
the smell is awesome
because of the smell of it
it's not a ~bad~ scent, but it is very potent.
this cleanser smells so good
i don't remember past tubes smelling the same
it has a funky smell
not a pretty smell either
i love the smell and texture of it.
has a slight smell that lingers which i enjoy
it smells so good
this cleanser smells great
oh, and it smells amazing.
foams well and smells great as well.
i do not really like the smell of the product
not sure if it's the smell of white tea
first of all, this cleanser smells phenomenal.
my only complaint is the smell
it doesn't smell bad or anything
i just wish it smelled better
this cleanser smells so good
this stuff smells great
it also smells very good when applying!
i love the smell!
and the smell is pleasant and fresh.
aside from the fact that it smells wonderful
i love the fresh smell of this cream
i also really like the smell of it!
i love the fresh smell too.
it's refreshing to put on and it smells great.
it also smells like water
so happy with it and i love the fresh smell!m
the smell is pretty pleasant
i love the smell of this eye cream
either way, it feels nice and smells nice.
i find that there's no smell and it's very light.
the smell is amazing, its almost addictive!
the only negative is the smell.
foams really nicely and smells really good.
this cleanser smells great!
smells a little strange though, but it isn't bad.
it also smells great.
it lathers very nice and the smell is okay.
this first of smells almost like you are in a salon it's very nice
the smell is a little strong
the smell is nice too
i also really am not a fan of the smell
also smells really nice
the smell is just amazing
plus, it smells wonderful and is very refreshing.
the smell is great and fresh.
also love the smell.
i actually like the smell.
the smell is amazing
the smell is a bit weird at first
plus the smell is good
the smell is fresh
this not only smells amazing
feels so good smells amazing
it started to make me a little nauseous
it smells so regressing and good.
the smell is nice
i love the smell
the smell is pleasant
not only does it smell so good it moisturizes my face
first off this smells amazing!
the only problem is that it smells too good.
i wash my face leave it on for 10 'mins it smells amazing
a plus side for me is that it smells calming
this mask smells absolutely incredible
it smells great, feels great.
the smell is divine
it smells great too!
the product also had a very nice smell.
they usually smell fresh
it also has this great scent to it
i don't feel like it's an overpowering smell
some people say it smells bad.
it starts to smell relaxing
it smells really great
i can tell the biggest difference in my skin it's such a beautiful smell
i know some may not like the smell
i really like the smell!!
the only thing i didn't like was the mint smell
the smell of this product is my favorite.
the smell is also amazing, reminds me of a spa.
the smell is a bonus too!
the smell is nice
smells great and works really well
feels and smells good too.
feels and smells good too.
i like the smell and the consistency.
the smell is amazing as well!
it converted me it smells wonderful
it smells a little herby but i can deal with that
the only slightly annoying thing about this mask is that it does smell really mentholated
for any ppl that are sensitive to smell
the smell made me nervous when i first applied it because it smelled strong
the smell takes a few times to get used to
i like this- it has a nice tingle
i will say- it smells like noxema.
the one downside is that the mask has a very strong smell
the smell didn't bother me
the smell is really refreshing
the smell the texture the benefit for my skin !!!
which doesn't smell great
it does have a very medicated smell like others have said
this stuff not only smells wonderful, it works!
smelling this product is
it does have an odd smell that lingers for awhile on your face
the smell does not really bother me
kiiiiinda smells like vicks which is odd.
the smell is a littler weird at first
it has a pretty strong scent
the only con is that it smells odd
it's not a bad smell
this mask smells like vicks
i love the way this mask smells
i don't really like the smell, though.
it doesn't smell good at all
first off the smell is no problem
just smells like medicine
the smell was a little unusual
however it does have a smell that reminds me of some calcimine lotion or something
the smell doesn't bother me because it reminds me of my childhood
even though it has a kind of kitchen cleaner potent smell it feels like its really working
only con is that it has a strong smell
kinda smells like vapo rub
keep in mind that the scent of this mask is not very pleasant
not to mention the smell
this gel smells so good
it doesn't smell bad
it's not a pleasant smell either
the scent smells good and refreshing.
wish it had a better smell
it smells wonderful and it isn't greasy.
the smell is nice, almost herbally.
appreciate really no scent
it's gentle and has a very light, pleasant smell.
there is little to no scent.
the smell was so strong
similar to the smell of plastic
i don't want it to smell like plastic
that there is a chemical smell
have that kind of odor
it's not sticky and the smell is just fine.
has an off-putting petroleum odor
it does have a bit of a chemical smell as other reviewers have mentioned
only downfall is the smell!
i just don't like the smell.
it just has a strange chemical smell that i find unpleasant
at the beginning i hesitated to use it because its smell -kinda like chemicals
took off one star because it smells odd.
i love the fact that it basically has no scent
the smell is a little harsh
this also doesn't smell as strong as the murad one
has no chemical smell
you can only smell the charcoal thats very impressive for me
i will say that the smell is very different
i didn't notice the chemical smell until i read the reviews of others
for the smell is quite faint.
i barely notice any smell
doesn't smell too great
the only downside to this product the smell.
i love the smell
the smell is faint
i really liked this cream because it smells like absolutely nothing
quick-absorbing that doesn't reek
it has a nice tingle to it
the only minus is it doesn't smell very well.
plus it smells amazing.
absorbs quickly and smells pleasant.
matte the only drawback is the smell it feels like i am putting a cheap perfume on my face after a few minutes the smell fades away
i love the smell
i love the smell
i don't smell it
is big on rose smell
it also smells amazing.
it also smells delicious.
i love the way it smells
however, the smell is very strong.
it smells so so good
smell as well as a floral smell
it also smells amazing.
it has a very clean fresh smell that i enjoy
it smells amazing as well.
it smells refreshing and natural.
it also smells amazing!
this stuff smells incredible.
i absolutely love the smell.
first off...it smells great!
nice light smell and soft skin is what you get!
and i love the smell.
it also smells amazing!
it smells great but isn't too much.
it feels great and smells great.
it smells so good
the smell is amazing
it gives you this glow; btw the smell is amazing.
it smells so fresh
plus it smells great
i like the smell .
it also smells great
got something that smelled like nosema
it did smell for a bit like ointment
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
the first time i used this i hated the smell.
rose scented products can smell awful if they're too strong
i love the rose smell
it has a very pleasant smell.
this mask smells just like roses.
ignore the people saying the smell is too strong.
i love the smell
the rose smell is a bit strong
the smell is heavenly and relaxes me.
it smells so good
the smell is amazing.
the night cream smells completely different
there is one negative: the smell is so strong that even my boyfriend complains about it
i love the smell of this sleeping facial
the scent doesn't bother me
it does have a really strong rose smell that does not fade quickly
if you are sensitive to smells or do not like the smell of roses
first thing i noticed was the smell
it is simply a moisturizer that smells good.
the smell is sooooo strong
it smells like roses
i think it smells great
it can be kind of overwhelming to smell when settling in for bed
also, it smells like roses.
it smells really good
i usually get headaches from smells
i actually really like the smell
i dont like the smell
does have a strong rose smells that lingers i did not mind it
the smell is strong
the smell is so strong that even a person from 5 feet away can smell you
a strong smelling mask then it's not for you
smell is soooooo good.
smells just like roses
i don't think the smell is very strong
this product smells so amazing
i absolutely loved this mask however i don't wear it to bed because the smell of roses overwhelms me a little bit
i do love the way it smells
the smell makes me relaxed
!it smells amazing, and it relaxes me so much.
highly recommend for those of you who love rose smells
the formula also smells great
plus i like the rose smell.
i love the smell
i love the way it smells
it smelled really nice
you will notice that it smells like pond's cold cream
it smells great too!
definitely recommend this & it smells lovely too!
the fragrance does not bother me as it smells like something out of a spa
it does have a bit of a strong smell
this balm smells wonderful, too!
smells very nice too.
i would have expected it to smell of roses.
not a fan of the smell
the smell is great salon gas you like the smell of roses
what i didn't like about it is the peculiar odor.
the aroma is a bit weird
i love the smell
smells amazing on top of all that
i love the rose smell it leaves on the skin.
it smells absolutely lovely.
i love the way this smells on
i didn't notice the smell at all
smells so strongly of perfume that i hate putting it on my face
and yes, it does have a certain smell to it.
not a pretty smell, which is just fine with me.
but its definitely not a fishy smell.
i love the neutral smell
you'll recognize the smell of this stuff immediately
people complaining about the "horrible fishy smell" they say
it has a light smell of that fishy smell
my only complaint with it, is it smells horrible.
it smells like rotten fish.
i don't think it smells bad
ok, so it smells bad.
i don't think it smells worse than the cold plasma
with nothing to cover up the smell of the ingredients you will get a medicinal smell
i don't love the smell though
although many have complained about the smell
the smell isn't pleasant
the smell is a little odd
i find the smell very pleasant
smells a bit like fish oil
i love the smell!
initially to me it smelled slightly like mold
the smell is slight
i no longer smell the product
5 deducted for the smell
i can't get over the overpowering smell
i also like the smell
smell is kind of weird
the scent of this product is horrendous.
surprised about everybody complaining about the smell
the scent is surprisingly awful.
i didn't mind the smell at all.
yes the smell is pretty bad
i saw a lot of bad comments about the smell
it's smells what would smell a home-made beauty product
i didn't hate or love the smell.
i don't think the smell is bad
smells fantastic if you like orange.
it smells so good
love the smell by the way
smells just like oranges
the sample that i got smelled worse than the jar.
i don't like the scent much but it works well.
the smell stopped me from using it
oh and it smells nice too, orangy.
i cannot get over the smell
they both smell like citrus + dirty
i don't want people smelling that on me!
this isn't for you as it smells strongly of oranges
t might irritate those sensitive to smells
the smell long enough to find out
if the smell doesn't bother you
as for the smell some people talk about i find it just smells of oranges
the scent doesn't bother me one bit
i love the smells of this cream.
it smelled like "clean cotton"' love the way it feels
it smells lovely and really relaxes me.
the smell is a little strange
there is a slight smell to this product
let me first say i love the smell
the only way you wouldn't like the smell of this is if you don't like the way oranges smell
don't believe the reviews about a bad smell
who cares about a smell if something works
the smell for both the face
i only smell it while i apply
the smell is definitely something to get used to
i also hate the way planes smell
the smell is good
the smell is soothing
the smell is so relaxing
it smells so good and is relief immediately.
smells really refreshing too.
its a temporary smell/feeling
it has a really nice pleasant scent
the only downside is that is smells a little funky
it smells clean and fresh.
by the way... it is not the best smelling serum.
fresh without the harsh chemical smell or feel
smells kinda like cucumbers.
to the people who say that it stinks like dog breath
the smell is light and smells like roses a lil.
it smells nice and is mattifying.
it has a pretty pronounced rose smell.
it smells good and soothing instantly.
i think it smells really nice
you can't really smell it that much
not so much an added scent
not to mention smells awesome amazing wonderful
it smells lovely, husband likes it too.
has the most incredible spa-like smell
it is light and fresh smelling.
also all the product smell wonderful
:/ at first the smell was overpowering
i think the scent is particularly nice.
plus, the smell is divine.
usually when a cream smells
i love the way this product smells sweet
i saw some reviews complaining about the smell
no smell which is a bonus since i have horrid allergies in summer
i am not crazy about the smell but it fades away.
it doesn't have the best smell
bit in my opinion it smells better than good genes
the smell is disgusting
the stench lasts just long enough to make me nostalgic about college food
i personally love the "earthy" smell.
it definitely has a smell but it fades away fast.
it smells like essential oils to me.
i think it smells luxurious.
the smell is a bit odd though
other than the not so plesant smell its pretty good
i hate the smell, but you'll get used to it.
the scent is weird for me
no problem w/the smell like others have commented
some might be bothered by the smell
the smell is distinct
the smell goes away quickly
right off the bat, the smell is not great.
if you've ever smelled oregano oil it smells a lot like that
once i accepted the smell however
i even love the smell- like a really good food grade oil
there is a slight smell
the smell doesn't linger
it has a light smell
the smell is completely fine once absorbed.
as for the smell
so the smell is actually comforting to me
the smell is almost completely gone
the second is the smell
the smell is odd bordering on awful
the smell however makes me cringe when i put it on
or swap in another oil that smells amazing
i like the smell
also smells a little funky
it smells nice to me
the smell can be off putting to some
first off, it smells amazing.
if you're sensitive to smells
to me this stuff smells like citrusy vomit
the odor doesn't bother me
the smell leaves something to be desired
if the smell wasn't a little off
and yes it stinks like sour milk.
the smell of good genes isn't great
i love the smell
i read about some people's complaints on the smell
it just smells of citrus which wasn't bad to me at all
as for the smell
i love the way this smells
but i think it smells really good.
the smell is exactly what it's supposed to smell like
this stuff smells so fresh
it's addicting to use- it smells incredibly fresh
the smell isn't that bad
i actually like the smell of this
i think it smells terrible
i personally love the smell.
the smell is very mild
note: the smell is definitely earthy
usually smells don't bother me that much
the smell is refreshing
it doesn't smell the best
there are far worse smelling things out there
the smell isn't the best
mouth it tastes so so horrible
the smell is different but not bad.
the smell is a little weird, but i'm sold.
the smell is really earthy
the only downside is the smell.
it doesn't stink it just smells kind of earthy
the smell is really horrible
i agree with the horrible smell
something that smells good or something that works?
i just hate the way it smells
the smell is not bad at all
now at first i wasn't to crazy about the smell.
it smelled very earthy
only giving 4 stars cause of the smell
smell is not the best
the smell was really interesting.
just unlike anything i've smelled before
this does have a strong smell to it
i don't mind the smell at all that some of complained about
the only complaint i have is the smell.
if you are sensitive to scent you will not enjoy this as it does smell a little funky
it has a little weird smell
i think the earthy smell is fabulous.
it definitely smells like mud
at first the smell was awful
this face cleaner smells so amazing it feels like a spa moment when you use it
i love the smell
the smell is an added bonus.
doesn't smell that great
nor did i mind the scent of it.
it smells so yummy
also the smell is amazing -soft
i love the smell of it, too, not too strong.
smell is at first not so great
the only downside is it smells so strange
the chemical smell is pretty strong with this
if it smelled better, i'd give it 5 stars.
it has a really strange smell
the smell isn't great
but i don't like the smell of this.
or have a weird smell etc
pleasant smell unlike some spot treatments that could wake the dead
a little goes a long way and i love the scent.
smells nice and the the price is very reasonable.
the smell is not overpowering as some other creams i have tried
it is great for dry skinno wierd scent.
it smells really nice
smells just the right amount
i also like that the scent is not very strong at all
not much of a scent which i like
it smells so good
people have said that the smell is over powering
this just smells great with a slight scent
not only is the smell fresh
it smells good to me
i love the smell
i love the smell.
it's pleasant and clean, not overpowering.
it doesn't really have a smell to it.
the smell is pleasant enough
does not really have a scent which i like
doesn't smell that strong or bad.
i don't like the smell it has chemical smell
smells clean like the azulene in it.
absorbs quickly and has a light, pleasant smell.
it has a bit of a smell to it nothing over whelming though
i don't find the smell to be bad
also the smell is kind of unpleasant
it "smells" so clean and sterile.
i love the smell
this product smells/feels and works amazing!
smells great, no reaction or irritation.
this smells very pleasant
i love the smell
i noticed another person made a comment about it smelling
i don't mind the smell.
it has a lovely smell
the smell kinda remind me of a fresh vineyard
the smell is fine for me.
as an added bonus, it smells lovely.
no strong smell either.
i def love the smell, and got so used to it.
i love how it smells
i love the smell
the smell is amazingly natural
the smell is absolutely heavenly
i smell like this oil
so it's a good cover up for body odor!
which smells much nicer than how i just described it
this product smells amazing
some people hated the smell
it smells natural and light, i highly recommend!
it would work best in the summer because of the smell
the smell is absolutely lovely
makes my skin feel, look & smell amazing :-)
as for the smell, i really enjoy it.
not too oily and very light with pleasant smell!
i love the smell
seems you either love or hate the smell though.
loves how it smells
the smell is amazing
it smells wonderful - rich but delicate.
smell i'm not a big fan of this smell
i love the smell
the smell is very strong
this oil not only smells amazing
i love the smell and feel of this oil.
also, i am totally addicted to this scent!
this oil smells amazing
the smell is divine and it absorbs well.
the scent is quite nice as well.
i really enjoy the scent too.
and the smell is to die for!
the smell isn't overpowering
this oil smell good
the smell is fabulous
i love the smell of this oil.
the scent doesn't bother me too much
it smells so good and doesn't feel too oily.
the smell is too strong as much as it pleasant
has a nice soft smell
the smell is lovely
the smell is honestly not my thing
i like the smell
the scent is kind of overpowering if used alone.
i find it best to mix oils if you have a keen sense of smell
want to avoid smelling like the oil all day
it makes my skin so smooth and smells amazing.
still smell like it
le this stuff- especially when it smells as good as this one does
did i mention it smells amazing?
the smell is lovely
this product smells amazing
i enjoy the smell.
love the smell and the texture.
the smell of this product is amazing
i love the smell
fuzzy with an amazing smell
this oil is silky, smells great and feels light.
i love the smell
it smells so delicious
smells amazing and feels like a dream.
i've always loved the smell of moroccan oil
a whiff in store was much different than using it that night
will just mix this with it to dilute the smell
the smell does take some getting use to
it smells so good and leaves my skin so soft.
if you like smelling nice, just buy this!
don't be fooled by smelling the contents in the bottle
funny thing is that i didn't like the scent at first
i love the texture and it smells healthy!
i love the smell of it
it's rare for a face mask to smell really good
it smells wonderful too :
it also smells incredible.
smells like oatmeal basically
it has a very very light smell that even reminds me of the other mask
i wasn't a big fan of the way it smelled.
this mask smells so good
not at all smelly (very mild scent).
there is no smell and no stinging.
it also smells very mild and pleasant.
it smells so calming
when i smelled it, it made me wince.
the smell is also a bit too strong
it's so light, & smells amazing.
which is perfect for masking the weird smell
i think it smells like stale cigarette smoke.
i love the smell of all caudalie products
the pomegranite smell for this product is amazing
it smells great too
i love the smell, it smells like pumpkin bread.
i also loooove that it doesn't smell like i rubbed my face all over perfume samples
the smell is very subtle
the smell is so nice
it also smells heavenly
but i love the smell and it's not overpowering.
the smell was a bit too natural
though i am very sensitive to smells
has no smell which is a big plus as well
the smell is nice
i personally love the smell
the smell is phenomenal.
as a bonus, i like the smell
doesn't really have a smell
the smell is a little strong for me.
it does have a weird smell
i love the smell, too!
some people have commented that there is a bad smell
i think it smells like a natural or health food store
some of the other oils were either too watery or has an unpleasant smell
the smell of it sold me
the only complaint i have is that it smells absolutely awful
the smell is light enough
i just love the smell and the feeling.
it also smells great.
there is a strong "earthy" smell to this oil
i don't care what they smell like
not too crazy about the smell though!
it also smells good and makes my skin glow.
the smell is a little odd though
the smell to me is not a big deal
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
it smells amazing in my personal opinion
the smell is fairly strong
i am happy with the smell.
plus it smells amazing!
it has an odd smell to it
i don't like the smell
it has kind of a strange scent
the smell is a little off
it smells a little like bacon.
my boyfriend hates the smell
i will say it doesn't smell the best
it does have a strong sulfur smell though
it does smell like sulfur.
the pump is strange
it didn't leave a horrible sulfur smell on my skin like other products do
it's also pretty smelly from the sulfur
i love this product but it smells terrible.
this product definitely has a distinct odor
it does have a "clinical" smell as my husb
the smell is a lot more pleasant than other sulphur masks that i have tried
you can of course still smell the sulphur
a little stinky but it does have sulfur in it.
i also love the smell
the smell of the product
the only downside to this mask is the very obvious smell of sulfur
it doesn't smell great
the product also doesn't stink as bad as most sulfur products out there
yes it does have a little smell to it
i got used to the odor
the smell is strong at first
the smell is a little strong
now the smell i snot pleasant like they say
it smells like sulfur
the smell is worth it
the only complaint i havens that it definitely has that sulfur smell to it
even though the smell can be pungent
the smell is like any other sulfur based mask.
the smell isnt that good
i've gotten past the smell
it smells like sulfur
the only thing i can complain about this product is its slight smell
the smell is nice
it smells natural not a chemical smell.
there was no offensive smell to me.
the smell is very potent
you won't like the smell
fabulous smell-if this weren't $195
yeah it does smell like a mixture of mushrooms
at first, i couldn't get over the smell.
to me, it smelled like really ripe bananas.
i got used to the smell pretty quickly
love the smell too.
it smells great too.
lol to me this cream smells really fresh
i don't mind the smell
a lot of people are talking about the smell of this cream
the weird smell people talk about: it's definitely there
it absorbs quickly, smells good but not perfumey.
the smell of the product was incredible.
it smells great too!
the age defense creme smell can be somewhat shocking at first
i can't describe the smell entirely
the cream smells great
the smell is heavenly
luxurious going to sleep smelling it
love the best cream ever except for the smell
plus it smells really good
love the scent and how it feels on my face.
love the feel...scent is wonderful!
smells like an orange
it smells good too
basically this smells really good
the smell is fantastic.
plus loved the smell of camu camu much better
this never irritates it
the smell is great
the scent had me hooked
the smell is to die for
it smells so clean
this is a nice smelling product that doesn't irritate my skin
first thing you notice is the smell.
it smells sooo good
this one smells great.
i still love this stuff though smells great
other than thought it smells nice
too heavy or have a horrible smell
this has no scent which is perfect for those of you who are sensitive to certain smells
it doesn't really have a smell
it smells very nice
this product smells great
there is little to no smell
it goes on smoothly, and smells wonderful.
i really just liked the smell of it
it smells like fresh oranges which i love in the morning
also, has a pleasant smell.
it smells so good!
it smells good too
this cream smells amazing
i love the smell
and the smell is wonderful.
smells great and feels great on your skin.
smells so good you want to eat it!!!
warning: it stinks to high heaven.
so far the only negative is the smell
smells like rotten fish
it smells so good
noticed everyone hates the tingle/burn
wow this smells good
i can't get over the smell of supermud
it smells amazing and feels nice on.
i didn't feel much of a tingle
this product does have a tingly/some what burning sensation
added bonus - it smells incredible!
i love the smell and how soft it makes my skin.
when i apply the product it smells so clean
has a pleasant smell but not overly strong.
no harsh horrid scent to it
the smell is nice
the smell of it is very light and clean.
it smells very clean
it smells wonderful and absorbs quickly.
has little to no smell
there is no scent that i can detect
smells like roses, and cleans really good!
it smells like roses, which i like.
plus, it smells good, too!
this also has a very light pleasant smell.
has a refreshing smell that makes you feel so clean
it's not the best smell
fresh soft skin that has this lovely rose smell to it that's not overpowering
the cleanser smelled great
and the smell is divine.
it has a very clean scent to it which i also like
the smell is absolutely lovely
my face smells amazing all day long too
my husband also loves the smell.
the smell is subtle
i love the way it smells and makes my skin feel.
the smell is amazing
the smell is very subtle
it smells very nice
it doesn't smell strongly of roses either--the smell is just meh
best smelling face cream ever.
the smell wasn't unique either
it smelled like any other moisturizer
it did smell good
i am obsessed the smell
love its soft smell.
now i actually like the smell
no irritation smells good
the smell is great
the smell and texture are very nice.
the smell is wonderful
it doesn't smell, nor does it irritate my skin.
except it has a hint of what smells like black licorise
it has a minty smell to it, but i don't mind.
it has a strange smell
i love the way it smells
the only thing i absolutely hate about this mask is the smell
i can however get past the smell.
i'd rather have my face smell like dog poo any day
it's pretty effective and i love the smell of it.
the only thing is that i'm not the biggest fan of the smell which smells faintly like licorice to me
the only thing i don't like is the smell of it
the smell is nice
the smell is fresh
the smell isn't strong
it smells so good
not my favorite smell
it does smell really
it smells really good
it smells really good
did i mention it smells good?
it smells great and is very light.
i love it so much so far, it smells clean.
the smell is to die for
no offensive smells from it
i love the way it feels and smells.
i like the smell of the ginzing more
don't be deterred by the smell
the smell is very fresh
love the smell, feel, and spread of this.
it does have a botanical smell which others complained about
it doesn't smell bad for me
as for the smell some people mentioned
i'd rather have it smells "planty" rather than like chemicals
smell is a bit herbal-y but not too bad.
the smell is not strong
personally i don't think it smells that bad.
my only complaint is the smell.
it smells like a cleaning product when you put it on
is that it smells like toilet cleaner
the smell of the anthony ifoc is an amazing citrus smell
it smells so clean
it even has a nice scent.
it smells lovely and keeps shine at bay all day.
it has a nice smell and goes on easily.
it has a pleasant smell.
this does smell very nice
once absorbed the smell goes away
smelled rough when i first started
the only bad thing about this is the smell
the smell is no that bad
actually went in store to smell it
it smells kind of like cardboard to me
the smell doesn't linger on my face or anything
it's awesome and smells great!
i don't notice a smell.
doesn't have an unpleasant odor
some said that it has a bad smell, okay.
it smelled like cooking oil to me
i don't like the smell
but don't smell really good
t masks the smell
the only thing i don't like it's the smell
my hair amazing results the only thing i don't like is the smell
i don't really notice a smell at all
there is definitely a smell
the smell isn't the best smelling
one thing that i didn't like much was the smell
unlike a lot of reviewers who say the smell is terrible
it has absolutely no smell
it smells really good like cucumbers.
i really love the smell of this product.
the smell is great
i love the smell
the smell is very neutral.
it smells good not to harsh on the scent
it did have a smell
if was actually "fresh" smelling
the smell is delicate and hardly overwhelming.
it doesn't smell great
the smell is faint and is not overpowering.
light and fresh smell, but very light indeed.
smells amazing i love the lotus smell
it smells very refreshing
i don't like the smell
the smell, the feel, the consistency!
the smell is very strong
it's not a bad smell
that's what it smells like to me
i can still smell it
it's quiet lightweight and smells amazing!
this smells like cucumber even on my face i still smell it a little
the smell is heavenly
omly just open the jar to smell it
it smells so good.
i just really hate the smell.
if you are sensitive to smells
this stuff smells a little funny
great scent, not too oily.
this was not for me because of the smell
love the smell and it spreads well.
if you're sensitive to the smell of products
i don't care about smell
i can't get past the smell
it doesn't hurt that it smells wonderful either :
definitely too expensivefor my taste.
i almost didn't purchase it because the smell was so offensive to me
the smell isn't great
i love the smell which is extremely light.
i love the smell too
it smells really good
also noticed it has a strong alcohol-smell finish
it smells wonderful too
while i love the smell
the smell is so so
i also love the smell of this product, too.
fresh scent that does not break me out
over time the smell seemed to get better.
it does have a very strong chemical smell at first
this product has a strange texture along with an odd smell
i don't think it smells bad at all
also, this stuff smells seriously amazing.
i don't think it smells bad!
really enjoy this and it smells great.
of tarte every thing i've tasted of them makes me fall in love
it doesn't really smell
which is nice considering most eye creams smell
the consistency is perfect and it smells amazing.
smells so good - like oranges a little!
smells great, and it's kinda light.
it also doesn't smell "nutty" which i like a lot
my gosh it smells amazing
it has a nice citrus smell which doesn't linger.
while i like the smell
and did i mention it smells delicious?!
i like the smell also.
the smell is great it always makes me smile
i love the smell!
love the smell on my skin
it smells great & make my skin so soft & moist.
also no weird smell :
it's not greasy it has a very pleasant odor for lotion
doesn't smell like medicine eitherthickness-not very thick
doesnt have any weird smell
i do like the fact that it has no scent.
the mask has a decent smell
the smell is really appealing
it has a light smell to it
strange smell that i didn't really like
the smell of the mask is really good
it smells great, the brush is a nice plus.
there was a pleasant smell to it
this mask smells so wonderful and feels great.
also, this mask smells absolutely amazing.
this mask smells so good
the smell was absolutely amazing.
it also smells fantastic!!
the smell of this product
i like the smell
not to mention this mask smells divine
i've used mud masks before that smell horrible
this smells very pleasant
it even smells good unlike some other mud masks.
it also smells great and feels good.
i personally find that it smells lovely
which smells a bit overwhelming to me
it smells absolutely great
it has a slight smell to it
kind of like a flowery smell
absorbs fast doesn't smell too bad
smells a hint like the old coppertone to me which isn't too bad
-there isn't a weird/unpleasant scent to it
it doesn't really have a smell at all
plus i love the smell!
great texture, non greasy and no funny smell.
great soft almost nonexistent smell
the smell is also very fresh.
very nice smell of the product
it has a strong smell.
smells a little like paint
the smell does fade
i want to say put some orange zest in there or something to overpower that stench
all tho it does have that no smell kind of smell from the ingredients
i think the smell is decent, too.
i see a lot of comments about this having a bad smell
has no smell which i love because i hate strong smelled products that i put on my face
the smell can be a bit off-putting
the smell goes away
the only complaint i have is the smell
it's not an overpowering smell
doesn't smell weird or anything.
has no weird scent
very light and the smell is like summer sun.
the smell is light
i will say i'm not overly crazy about the smell
pros:- very lightweight for its spf of 30- very nice smell
i noticed it doesn't smell like anything
i love the way it smells.
it smells so fresh
it has a very light smell for those who do not want something very fragrant
there's not any noticeable scent
it has a delicious mild smell that does not linger
it also smells beautiful
the smell doesn't linger at all
not only does it have a very pleasant smell
i find the light smell pleasant.
plus, i love the smell!
the korres oil smelled like roses
it had such a weird smell
i love the smell
i love the smell, and the texture.
it also doesn't smell very nice.
this is lightweight and smells nice.
the scent really helps me relax
i love the smell of it.
i would say it smells a little "old lady"
this stuff actually works, and it smells amazing.
i love the smell
i also like the smell too
has a subtle fresh smell
great smell, and has cleared my skin.
there's little to no smell to this product
great cleanser that smells awesome
it is also smells amazing!
the smell is mild
i love the smell
i don't find the scent overpowering or unpleasant
there is a strong rose smell
love it and love the smell <3
it smells so good & is so light weight.
very light, great for acne, smells awesome.
the rose smell is nice without being overpowering
the smell isn't unpleasant as some have complained it smells like fresh cucumber
so the basic impression of this product is that it smells strong
it's the same smell a lot of other fresh products have
it smells like roses
this gel in my opinion smells good
fast hydration and nice smelling (:
it smells so nice
and it smells great, too.
i like the light smell too.
and the smell was great!
the best part is the smell, it's wonderful.
it smells nice like all fresh's rose line products
i don't mind the smell at all
i am not a fan of the rose smell of this line of fresh products
i don't notice a smell at all.
it just smells clean and refreshing.
also, it smells amazing, which is an added bonus!
the smell is really nice
what i like about it is the scent.
it smells absolutely amazing
the only bad thing i think i can say about it is it smells a little strange
and the smell.. so lovely.
really does smell like roses
it smells wonderful too!
the smell is pleasant
the product has a nice subtle smell
the smell of it is beautiful
i absolutely love the smell
lovely smell and doesn't irritate my eyes
i smell roses, and also something else... grass?
and the smell is so light and fresh.
smells just like fresh rose
i like this smell
first i am glad this is a natural oil with its natural smell
the smell doesn't bother me
it smells like orange
it smells like an old joint that's been put out
the sample smelled more orange
the full bottle really smells like old weed
for those complaining about this scent
it also smells incredible.
the smell is amazing
i know a lot of people have complained about the smell
to me it smells fresh
in my opinion the nurture me cream smells awful
it also smells amazing.
it also had a similar almost fish oil smell
who cares about the smell.
the smell is sooo amazing!
it does smell good
i love the smell
it also smells amazing.
the smell of the product is not for everyone.
it also smells amazing!
also, the scent is really great.
i actually like the way it smells!
i also love the natural smell
this bad smell people are complaining about
it does have a strong orange smell
i know "pretty scent" is big for some
i don't notice a smell
even if it smelled sketchy i would use it
i like the smell
no fishy smell what so ever!
no fishy smell, doesn't smell like much.
the scent is very very odd
the smell i know is a big problem for people
i love the smell
first of all i would like to address the scent that people are talking about: what you are smelling is both lemongrass
i think it smells amazing, not fishy.
it certainly does have a fishy smell to it
the smell is a little odd.
the smell really doesn't do it for me
i saw other reviewers said it smells orangey or fishy
to me it smells like straight up pumpkin
i can deal with the smell.
at first the smell is a bit weird
it smells like a weird tea
first of all i love the smell of oranges
smells really great, if you like oranges.
on the downside, it really does not smell good.
the bad news: it stinks
if you hate strong smells
you never really get used to the scent
loves the citrus clean smell as i do too
doesn't taste that great
i love the smell
who cares if it smells bad
i don't agree with the other reviews complaining of smell
i think it smells great
i felt like the old one smelled terrible
i noticed it smelled a little funny
i am very sensitive to smell
the smell isnt that bad either
love the smell too
i love the smell and texture.
only complaint is that it smells a bit odd.
no longer smell it
smells so good as well!
the smell of this moiturizer is to die for.
it isn't greasy and smells great also.
it smells like coffee
the smell has an organey scent to it which is refreshing
it smells amazing and is very lightweight.
it smells really good!!!
the smell is amazing
smells great in the mornings
the product it self smells very nice
it smells absolutely amazing
first of all the smell is awesome.
the smell hits you in the most positive way
it smells great too!
the smell is intoxicating
it also smells so good
it also has a wonderful citrus smell that really helps to wake you up in the morning
the smell of the product is like all origins products in that it smells natural
the smell...the smell is amazing!
also has a great smell
the scent is really nice
the smell is amazing
i love the smell of this also.
this smells so fresh
it smells sooooooo good
it has a citrus smell to it that will make you want to keep sniffing it all the time
i can't describe the smell
the smell is absolutely wonderful
not a bad thing if you like the smell of oranges
the smell is rich
not only is the smell refreshing in the morning
first, the smell is amazing!
the smell is wonderful
great price, smell and quality.
the smell is delicious.
the smell is delightful
but not too overpowering for your senses.
it smells so good
i the smell definitely wakes me up
the smell is just right, not overwhelming.
it smells amazing, sinks in fairly quickly.
i love the smell
give my honest opinion let's start with the smells it smells so amazing i want to eat it i have oily skin
the smell it's pleasant
i love the smell of this cream.
i couldnt say no to the amazing smell
it's so light weight and smells amazing!
it smells so good ,just like oranges.
it is very lightweight and smells amazing.
it has no smell
it has a nice texture and nice subtle smell.
no it doesn't smell great
the smell is nice too.
i even find the smell pleasant
i actually like the smell
the smell isn't great
i don't find it has a strong odor at all
i wasn't fond of the smell
i love the smell, and love the results.
i also love the smell
oh and i love the way this smells.
whipped with a nice light smell
smells like an old lady
nice smell, nice and thick.
the smell to me is a bit of a problem
the smell might be too strong for someone
the smell is perhaps slightly yogurty
the smell is not the best
i also like the smell
i do struggle with the smell
a lot of people have complained about the smell
was worried about buying it after reading about the pungent smell
the smell fades and is not too intense.
it's not a pleasant smell either
the smell isn't amazing or offensive, it just is.
a very mild, soap like smell, if anything.
i love the way this smells and feels.
i love the smell
i enjoy the smell, especially for nighttime.
no grease or oil, really soft, subtle smell.
even the smell which is a natural
plus, the smell is amazing.
it smells so good
love the smell and works great
the smell is quite odd
it has a unique smell, but it's fine.
it is a nice oil texture and smells good.
the best part of this oil is it smells soooo good
most of them do not smell good
it also smells so natural
the smell is strong
it has a strong smell
the smell is amazing
it smells great too.
i like it as it smells nice
it smells like roses
not overpowering at all
doesn't have the "perricone smell" either.
i can barely smell the spf
they did a fantastic job on the scent
it doesn't have the foul smell that other dr
if you dislike the smell
i think it has a pleasant smell.
doesn't have an overbearing odor
the smell is nice too.
the smell is strong but it smells like roses.
if i could buy a perfume that smells like this
- smell: the smell of this oil is strong
i like how tata harper`s products smell.
it doesn't smell bad
first of all it smells fantastic.
i even like the way it smells
the smell doesn't last long if it bothers people
it's real plant smells
the only thing i didn't like was the smell.
(also it smells fantastic)
the scent didn't bother me at all.
if you can deal with the fact that this has a chemical smell
didn't want to try it because it smelled bad to me at the store
kind of an odd smell
it has a nice light smell
the added bonus is it smells beautiful!
smells great and feels very natural.
the smell is nice and my face feels great!
i didn't care for the smell at first
it smells so so good and feels great on my skin.
it actually smells very similar to the fresh rose face mask
i see a lot of people complaining of smell i think they are nuts this smell is like flowers very earthy
guess they like chemical smells.
i enjoy the scent- smells natural
cons: this products smells horrible
smells very similar to dr hauschka
the smell is awesome
the smell is absolutely intoxicating
i love the cleanser and it smells like heaven!
i don't care for the smell
i love the smell, and true texture is perfect.
it smells sooooo good
it smells pretty good
not a fan of the smell
the smell is amazing
it feels great on the skin and smells yummy.
i love this it smells so good.
to top it off it smells amazing which makes it a perfect morning cleanser
smells so good too
the product smells nice
also, it smells great!
i don't think the scent is strong at all
it smells delightful, not over powering.
it smells amazing and feels great on my face.
this is my favorite cleanser & it smells amazing!
even though they smell delicious
smells like pure heaven
not only that but it smells amazing!
the light smell is intoxicating as well.
the scent doesn't bother me.
this smelled so fresh, and was so gentle.
this stuff smells wonderful
not to mention the smell
not too harsh of a scrub, smells great too.
it has a wonderful smell
the smell is horrible
it's not a bad smell - just intense.
i don't mind the smell at all
i love the smell of this product.
i see many have complained about the smell
this serum smells amazing
many people comment on the smell -- yes
this serum smells awesome so fresh
i love the smell!
i love the smell too
the smell is definitely powerful
i happen to love the smell
however it's an intense smell.
but my boyfriend can't stand the smell.
the smell is strong
this product smells great
the smell can be strong at first
i love the smell
smell is similar to the checks
something that doesn't smell like sunscreen
there's hardly any smell at all to it.
i love its smell
it has a subtle smell which is pleasant.
just can't get past the smell
it has a pleasant smell
it does have a weird smell
my only issue is the odor.
it also smells good
the only negative i could think of is the smell.
it's not an unpleasant smell.
i love the way it smells.
it also smells great
smells great without being overwhelming
the only thing i don't like is that it sort of smells like chemicals
the smell takes a little getting used to in my opinion
am loving it- from the smell to the non greasy texture
there is no chemical smell
feels great and smells great.
i like the light fresh smell
i love the smell of this cream
and the smell is amazing.
i do like the smell and also the texture of it.
also, it smells amazing!
it also smells fantastic!
i love the smell!
smells really good too.
mask and clean 2in1 fresh and clean, smell good.
there doesn't seem to be a scent
there is hardly any scent to it
the smell is addictive as well.
and smells good, not acidy
i love the smell
the smell is captivating
i think it smells great
i love love the smell!
plus it smells great
first of all, it smells amazing!
this cleanser smells great!
smells great and goes on smoothly.
there really isn't any scent to it
i wish it had a nicer scent
the scent doesn't bother me
not crazy about the smell
the texture and smell is wonderful and sweet.
so light and doesn't have a strong smell.
it there is no annoying smell
also sensitive sense of smell
i love the texture and smell.
the smell is just as great as the results
smell is minimal yet soothing.
i get this cause i like the smell.
this smells really nice
works ok but the smell is weird so 2 stars off.
didn't leave a residue or taste bad
the smell was weird at first
does not smell artificially
it really cleans and smells very good.
i love how it smells
smell nice to me, and it's not expensive.
the smell bothers me so much
although it doesnt have the best smell
i love the smell its very calming
i love how it smells.
the smell is heavenly though
i love the way it feels and smells.
the smell is light but very nice.
i like the smell although most people complain.
i think it smells good.
if you don't like the smell or consistency of honey
really don't care for the smell.
i like the smell, feels good after i wash if off
but i can't get past the smell!!
it smells like cadavers
the smell is just over powering
ter-like smell of this product
there is no harsh smell.
the smell is a little weird
especially given the smell
that's when the smell hit me.
it doesn't smell like chemicals or like feet even
s after applying to mask the smell
the smell isn't my favorite
it doesn't have a chemical smell
one it having no scent which i love
it also has a nice weight/smell
it also has a very light plesent smell which i love
no typical odor of sunscreen
it smells amazing and it makes my cheeks so soft.
i also find that the scent is really pleasant
i heard some people didn't like the smell
great smell, great product.
it smells so good too!
smells good, lightweight, not oily.
i love the smell!
the smell is a bit perfumed when you first put it on
i enjoy the smell
i really like the smell of this product line~
other reviewers complain about the smell
with my first whiff
it has that really chemical artificial smell
the smell is nice
i love the smell of this product
the smell is strong
i happen to love the scent
i love its smell as well.
my favorite part is the smell
it smells so good
it smells fresh, but not too overpowering.
the smell is great
doesn't mind the smell
smells good is just a plus
and it smells very light and clean.
i didn't notice a heavy smell
i don't notice the smell like others say
it does have a strong smell
but the scent can be annoying to some people:(
the scent is another thing i love
they don't smell the greatest
the scent is not that pleasant after you put it on
a very unpleasant burning/stinging sensation that lasts much too long
the smell is a bit odd
i've gotten used to the smell
it will smell like urine
be aware that this product will smell
the smell will be gone
also, they smell like urine.
it would be the smell
the smell turns kind of funky and unpleasant.
the smell is a little fish-
besides- worth the smell for something that works so well
this stuff smells nasty
the complaints about the smell
what nature smells like?
from the texture to the smell
this cleanser smells a little strange with a waxy feeling
the cleanser does stink
love this cleanser, but it stinks.
the smell is so-so, a bit earthy.
yes, the smell is bad.
smells don't usually bother me
the smell is horrid i hate it
please know the strong smell does not linger
even though i hate the smell
i know others dislike the smell
i think it smells fine
even if you don't like the smell
i gave 4 stars because the smell is just okay.
i wish it smelled better.
yeah that's what this smells like.
only downside is the smell is a bit odd.
i would have given 5 stars if it smelled better.
i've seen so many people complain the smell
while i'm not exactly crazy about eve lom's smell
it even smells heavenly
what all the negative reviews about the odor are about
be aware of the bad smell.
as much as i dislike the smell
however, i don't really enjoy the smell.
it is so luxurious and smells great.
i like the smell
mmm, smells funny, feels kind of weird.
i loved the way it smelled & how it made me feel.
i also like the smell!
the smell is divine.
the smell is a bit weiered
the smell is gorgeous
i didn't like the smell
effective product is the smell
no because the smell it has a really unpleasant smell
the smell is amazing
at first the smell was a bit strange in a spicy sort of way
others have commented on the smell which does have a medicinal smell
makes you breath better
it smells bad for sure
the smell doesn't bother me
the smell was a little overwhelming
my boyfriend said it smelled like noxema
the smell made me think
i personally like the smell.
it has a light smell to it
it does have a smell
the smell doesn't bother me as it smells more natural than something that is over-perfumed
and no harsh, strong smell.
i noticed that some people complain about the smell
this cleanser smells great
i like the scent quite a bit
the smell is different but i actually like it!
even though i hate the smell of the cleanser
the first time i smelled it i was skeptical
i happen to love the medicinal smell
it literally smells like a horse barn
anyway, who cares about the smell.
the only thing i dislike is the scent
i personally like the smell.
wish that the smell wasn't so strong
you don't use a lot and it smells wonderful.
there's no strange smell
i love the smell of verso's products
the smell is negligible
totally unlike anything i've ever smelled in a beauty product before
i really like the scent
too bad i couldn't deal with the smell.
totally unlike anything i've ever smelled in a beauty product before
i guess it has a pleasant smell
the smell is lovely
different color, smell and it didn't work!
i liked the smell
at first i did not care for the smell
it doesn't have a weird residue
there is not heavy scent at all
the smell is strong
great texture, smells nice but not overpowering.
the smell is also pleasing as well.
it feels great on my skin, like the smell.
i love the smell of this and how rich it is.
not too heavy and smells wonderful.
my lotion smells pretty good
light scent, not too anything.
the only downside to this is that i think it personally smells like bile
it smells fresh and clean too!
works great, and love the smell.
the texture is amazing and i enjoy the smell.
it smells great and lathers easily.
also love the light smell...fresh and natural.
it also smells great.
i love the texture and smell.
not only does it smell good
smells great and feels very smooth.
smells nice feels good
has a very pleasant smell
an added bonus is that is smells amazing
does not have a smell so great for people with sensitive skin
it smells heavenly when i put it on.
this is a great non pore clogging oil that smells heavenly
this oil smells wonderful.
nothing i've tried has smelled better
i think its the best smelling oil
the smell is divine; very spa-like.
i love the smell
it smells like c
i really like the smell of this oil
first of all, this stuff smells amazing.
it smells so nice and goes on my skin so nicely!!
the smell is beautiful.
the smell makes me feel like i'm in hawaii again!
oh and it smells amazing.
my skin is very soft and it smells very nice.
i find myself craving the smell every day.
the smell is just perfect
the smell is soooo soothing as well.
it smells amazing too
it's light on the skin, and smells greats too.
no allergic reactions and it smells really nice.
now i'll always think about my trip when i smell this oil
it smells really good too.
it feels really soothing and smells very organic!
it smells wonderful as well
its not a bad or strong odor
no strong smell and absorbs great into skin.
some people have complained about the scent
to me is smells like a high-end spa.
try the liquid treatment if the smell bothers you
the only thing is that it smells a little medicine-y?
i actually really like the smell of the ceramidin line
how they all smell similar to one another
the smell is heavenly
no smell, no irritation.
the smell is a little on the chemical side
not unpleasant or overpowering
it smells great, too.
i find the smell very invigorating
the smell is also fresh
this stuff smells like spa too.
i like the smell of it as well.
the smell dissipates pretty quickly
i love the smell, the texture, everything!
it doesn't have a bad smell which is a plus
the smell is amazing as well.
it smells a bit like medicine
very hydrating but has a weird chemical smell.
it doesn't smell the best
nice scent feels nice going on , and not heavy.
i also love how it smells.
i love the smell
also -- it smells so amazing.
kind of smells old lady-ish
i also like how it smells.
there is a mild smell
i love the smell, and the foam.
i love the scent, and it definitely cleans well.
smelled great at the time
it has a wonderful smell
the scent is really nice.
he thinks the smell is fantastic
i think the smell is a bit too strong
smells good, feelsgood, works good!
it smells great too.
the smell alone is the best smelling face cream i have ever used
also has a nice subtle smell that is not too perfumy
the smell is gentle
the smell is light and pretty.
doesn't smell very natural
the smell doesn't linger
i love how it smells
the smell also threw me off
the smell is heavenly to me
it may smell a bit powdery
there's nothing wrong with smelling clean
it smells so lovely
i like the smell.
it smells really great
it does smell very rosy in the container
the smell goes away after you apply it
it smells good as well.
i think it smells lovely
i don't mind the smell
it also smells amazing once it is applied.
it smells really good.
the smell is light
smells great as well!
the smell is not great
i think the essential oils smell great
people have mentioned the smell
i think it smells fine
i do not notice a bad scent.
skin feels great and such a clean smell
i am very upset that i have to return it due to the heavy perfume smell
if you are sensitive to smells
it is thick and smells great.
there is a sort of funky odor that i didn't notice was so strong when i received a free sample
a much less pervasive odor remains
the smell at first was strong
the smell is so rancid
it smells really good, which is always a plus.
sticky or smelled too bad
it has no smell
a lot of them smell bad
it smells good and really works!
it doesn't have a foul smell or pleasant scent
this oil has a pleasant light smell
it does have a very strong smell
it smells so good
although the roses smell is not my type
it also smells heavenly.
it was so light and the smell was wonderful.
my skin was baby soft & i love the smell.
i enjoyed the smell
the smell is nice
smells like a woman should
seriously saved my eyes, plus it smells so good.
the smell of this is heavenly
the smell is nice
the smell is great too
and it smells so good!
the smell reminds me of some chinese vegetable
some people do like the smell
so maybe smell it in store first
it doesn't smell too strong or gross
just not a fan of the smell
the smell is relaxing
and it smells really nice.
smells great, it's not too much.
the smell is just gorgeous
i love the smell of this one and the feel.
it's also paraben free and smells wonderful.
the smell is delightful and not too strong.
the smell is refreshing
i enjoy the smell
some have said it smells weird
yes the texture is strange
the smell is odd
i love the smell
is when you apply it there is a heavy flowery smell
it smells nicely too; love this mask!
it smells amazing, too.
it does have a strong scent at first
this smell is not irritating at all.
it does smell of roses, but it's not bad.
but the smell is too much for me.
it has a very soft smell to it that i like
as people said in the reviews it smells perfumy
the only things i didn't like was that is had a very perfume-y smell
it also smells amazing.
i think the scent is just right- not overwhelming yet refreshing
i really love the smell
i love the texture and the smell.
it has a smell to it
it smells great too.
love the feel and smells pleasant.
the smell is nearly nonexistent
as i really find that many lotion smells can be too strong
it doesn't smell strongly
and it smells so good.
it smells like snickerdoodles (dunkaroos anyone).
it is truly the best smelling cream i've ever tried
not overpowering or fake smelling either
some algenist products smell horrible in my opinion
it smells so good and feels good on the skin.
the smell is kinda funky
i happen to love the scent.
i love the smell
some have complained about the smell
to me it had a muted cinnabon smell
it's light, fast absorbing, and smells great.
also it smells like icing!
i also really love the smell of the cream.
i like the smell
it's not a heavy smell.
i love the feel and smell too.
it smells kinds weird
this smells so good!
the smell is also amazing.
the smell is also delightful
to me that's a bonus because i love the smell
it just smelled artificial
it smells fresh and has a nice consistency.
i also love the smell
genius smells nice too
i love the smell.
i feel like a face mask shouldn't have a pleasant smell
i wish it smelled nicer
this mask has a really nice smell
i'll start with the positives: it smells great.
although it does smell a lot like the regular cleanser
with a clay-like smell
it smells good too.
it smells like a medicine-in a good way.
the smell isn't weird or overpowering
my only complaint is i hate the smell!
the smell is nice too.
i love the smell.
:(not too fond of the smell either!
it is not overpowering
smell is a little overwhelming
smells wonderful and feels great too!
my only minus about this product is the smell.
it smells just like oranges
i hate the smell of oranges
i don't like the smell
it doesn't smell once dry
the smell is amazing
thats the smell of this delicious product!
smells refreshing so that's nice.
how great it smells
i also like the light orange smell it has.
easy to use and great orange smell.
it's great: it has no smell
when i open the cap, smells good.
refreshing smell that i really like
and it smells really nice
the light smell of this product
i don't notice a smell
i am not sensitive to smell
some smelled like rotten fish, some like flowers.
and also the smell is not super gross.
bonus, there is no strong smell to this product.
however i am nervous because a lot of reviews said theirs smelled like sour milk
the smell of this product is amazing!
i love the smell too!
it also smells so good!
smells like christmas morning
and it smells like heaven!
it smells amazing, and it makes my skin feel new.
i did love the smell
it smells amazing, too!
it also smells really good!
it smells great and i love the thick formula.
)it also has such a nice smell.
it smells like oatmeal to me
the smell is lovely
it makes my skin glow and smells wonderful.
my only complaint is the smell is really strong.
also has a great smell that reminds me of being on a beach
it smells super good to.
it smells amazing and feels amazing too!
it smells absolutely amazing
it smells so good
this smells so good and feels so good!
i really like the smell too!
smells kinda nice but so does my face cream.
it smells absolutely divine
it smells really good too.
and to top it off it smells soooo good!
i love the smell of this product
i really like it the smell
i like the smell too.
it's just a little too strong of a smell for my liking
the smell might be my favorite part.
thinks i smell amazing
the nice fresh smell
it smells like roses to me and i love it.
not to mention how good it smells.
some review i read said it smells like roses
i don't smell tobacco or anything off putting.
the smell is light
while this one smells the best by far
it has a nice smell too, very rosey.
smells amazing and is perfect for sensitive skin.
i love that this oil has no smell
i also wasn't a fan of the smell.
it smelled lightly of chemicals
not greasy, removes everything, and no scent!!!!
it does have a bit of a scent to it
f you're sensitive to perfume smells this might not be for you
there is no strong odor
my only complaint is that the wonderful smell is tainted by the cream
the smell does fade after a while though..
not from a product where i had no say in the aroma
the smell is just like visionnaire
the smell is natural
my one complaint however is the smell.
i love the way it smells and feels.
bonus, smells really great.
it smells good and does not cause break outs.
to me it smells almost like cucumbers
i love the smell
that smell is not that good it almost made me throw up
the smell is very calming
it smells and feels great.
the moisturizer feels, smells and looks great!
to me kind of smells like sweet relish
still not the prettiest smell
i like the smell
and the smell isnt too much.
its not the best smell in the world
the smell is very nice, everyone loves it.
also, smells really good.
i also really appreciate the unobtrusive smell of the mask
it has a nice menthalated smell if you're into that
the smell is a little medicinal, but not bad.
smells great unlike other perricone products.
not only does it smell good, feel good, it works.
this has no fish smell
am quite familiar with that slight fishy smell
i like the smell of the product which for some might be weird since a lot of perricone products have that fishy smell to them
!...not to mention it smells and feels amazing!
nice smell, works great.
i love it as it smells fresh
orange is what it smells like as soon as you open this jar
i love that it smells fresh
i love the smell!
smells good, feels nice, high spf.
it smells pretty great
works good, smells good.
he loves the smell
i even like the smell
it also didn't have a harsh smell.
the smell and texture of the mask are amazing.
it smells very fresh
i love the smell of algeronic acid!
it smells much better than sulfur masks
the smell is ok
this smells & feels great!
although the smell is not strong
it smells very good.
it has a nice smell and is my go-to.
the smell is great and it really opens my pores.
the smell is subtle too and refreshing.
while i do really love the smell of it
this product smells so rosy.
but it smells and basically does the same thing.
the smell is subtle.
oh and it smells just like roses, which i love!
and it smells so wonderful!
the smell is nice
the smell is very pleasant
smells really good like roses
smells great as well
a little goes a long away and it smells divine.
very light, smells great, and did the job.
because i really love smell of it.
it really is a nice rose smell.
it smells nice, too!
plus it smells amazing!
the product is not abrasive to my skin or sense of smell
i love the way it smells and it's not too strong.
on the skin it smells beautiful
also, it smells exactly like roses!
plus it smells absolutely divine
did i forget to mention it's amazing smell
it also smells amazing and is very soothing.
first impression: it smells amazing
i like the smell
it's pink and i like the smell
love the smell of this mask!
this has a faint rose smell when you first apply it
the smell is a nice subtle rose
smells just like roses
it smells so fresh
i like this cleanser because it smells nice
not only does it smell great it takes off all traces of makeup
if you love the smell of roses
it smells really good
was hesitant because some people said the product didn't smell right or didn't smell enough
the smell is also nice!
i love the way it smells!!
a lot of times the rose smell used is way to strong or phony smelling
the smell is wonderful.
i love the rose smell of it
i love that it doesn't smell chemically.
the smell is great
the smell is great
not to mention the amazing smell
i don't find the smell too overwhelming
not only does it smell nice.
this cleanser smells amazing
biggest qualm is the lack of nice smell
the smell is probably more towards men
i like the smell because it reminds me of my husb
smelled kinda like toothpaste
the smell is so pretty and it absorbs quickly.
it smells so luxurious
and i love the smell too.
my one complaint is that i hate the smell
i am not a huge fan of the smell of rose
i really love the smell.
not too heavy and smells amazing.
the scent is very different from anything you will smell on the market because it is 100% natural
the smell might be just this side of "a little funky"
the odor dissipates quickly
the serum did not smell that way at all
my husband can smell it, too.
it does smell pretty heavily of rose
good enough , hydrating, nice smell.
it has a beautiful smell
fresh products just smell so nice!
it has a very very light smell
for the lovely smell
has a very nice smell
it keep's the skin soft, plus i love the smell.
it smells like those fresh
it smells nice of rose
the smell is amazing
it smells amazing and absorbs quickly.
it also smells really nice
smells so nice and natural!
it smells toooo good
it smells so good
first off, i love the smell of this eye cream!
it smells so good but not overpowering.
you can't smell the scent anymore once you apply it under your eyes which is good
you get this wonderful rose scent wafting over you
the smell is heavenly
if you don't like the smell of roses though
i love the smell
it smells great first off
it has a great smell and texture as well.
the rose scene smell the best
the rose smell is great
this is the only one that doesn't smell bad
it smells great, it hydrates.
the smell was light
i love the smell!
i like the smell
the smell was average
i really like the smell personally.
people seem to complain about the smell
i honestly didn't even notice the smell there's no smell to me
most people complain about the smell however i don't find it overwhelming
the smell is not overwhelming like some of the other gg masks
it has a earth smell if anything
this in my opinion does smell a little weird
best of both worlds and the smell is to die for
plus i wasn't really fond of the smell
again i wasn't fond of the smell
the only thing i wasn't fond of was the smell.
there's this weird smell that lingers after you first apply it
the smell is good!
smelt a little funny but definitely worth it.
this is smells like apples
i love the way it smells.
i really like it smells like green apple makes my skin feel tight only thing is price
the smell is invigorating
it smells good and it tingles a little bit!
it smelled a little weird at first to me
and the smell is wonderful.
the smell is also amazing!
it smells amazing, too!
i love the smell of this mud, a very mild scent.
love the smell and feel.
i really love the way it smells and feels.
also the smell is so refreshing.
i really like the smell of this eye lift gel.
the smell is great
everyone is raving about the pumpkin-y smell
this mask smells sooo good!
i like the smell.. but i like pumpkin
the only "bad" thing about this is the pumpkin pie smell
the smell is amazing
the smell is incredible.
the smell is great :-
love the smell reminds me of thanksgiving
f really hate that scent beware
not only does this mask smell amazing
i am in love with the way it smells as well!
it smells like pie
the smell was natural
i love the smell
i love the smell as well.
and the smell is to diiiiieee for!
skin is very soft and smells great!
i hate the smell of pumpkin
i feel like i'm going to buy this mask simple because of how amazing it smells
it smells exactly like pumpkin
i am also a huge fan of the smell!
not to mention the scent is incredible.
i love the smell of this product
the smell is amazing
it smells pretty good too
it works wonders, and smells great!
this mask smells so good
first off the smell is amazing.
and it smells so yummy!
it smells amazing, feels amazing!!
and the smell is lovely!
it doesn't have a strong smell
i liked the smell.
nice texture nice smell.
the smell isn't as bad as everyone is saying
eventually, i've grown to like the smell.
i love the smell
smell like a rich old broad
when it warms on my skin its really kind of bitter/medicinal smelling
it smells great, and works even better!!!
many people have commented on the scent
at first the scent made me wonder
i really dislike the smell
there is no strong scent
only thing i personally didn't like was the scent
it has a faint scent that smells clean
the odor is faint and fades quickly
it smelled pretty good
sorry first taste is free"
not sure what people are complaining about a smell
it smells like all of their products
most certainly does not smell like bbq chips
can't fathom the complaints about smell.
minus one star for the smell
i agree it smells like bacon bits
it smells great too!
loved the way it smelled
it smells amazing and feels amazing!
the scent is way too overwhelming for me
this product smells amazing
i kind of love how it smells
it works really well and smells good, too.
i absolutely love the smell.
i don't have an objection to the smell at all
f it smells too much
i smell that more than the eye cream
there is no strong odor or irritation
it smells great, too!
also smells a bit like c
the smell is a little strong
i wasn't sure at first how i'd like the scent
it smells absolutely heavenly.
the smell is strong
the smell alone puts me in a great mood every morning
compared to the night version of this it smells much nicer
absolutely love the smell of this cream!
it has a great smell
i love the look, feel and smell.
at least the smell is reasonable.
didn't notice any weird smells
had no problems with the scent.
only negative is the smell.
its smells nasty, i just hold my breath.
a lot of people are complaining about the smell
i just love the smell
some commented on the smell.
it does have a smell
the smell didn't bother me much.
the smell is horrible
it smells the same
the smell is disgusting
i did notice a distinct 'penny' smell
and i don't think it has a bad smell at all.
don't care about smell or texture.
the smell didn't bother me at all.
i would rather put up with a slight strange smell for a minute than not have a product like because it doesn't smell like perfume
there is no odor to this product
i did not smell anything
it smells divine and makes my skin feel so awake.
very softening, smells great!
this product smells so good
this product didn't have an offensive smell
this product smells amazing
i liked the texture and the smell.
feels and smells good also.
the smell is very subtle
it absorbs quickly and smells nice.
plus, it smells really nice and gentle on skin.
and it smells super pleasant!
i love the smell
youll love the smell too!
this product has a very good smell which is unlike other product
as far as the smell is concerned
i never smell it again
i am very sensitive to smells
still smells pretty nice
the smell isn't my absolute favourite
strange scent causes me to only use it when my skin is upset
this cream smells so refreshing.
i really love the way it smells
i love the smell!
other people have commented that they don't like the smell
the one thing i have to mention is the somewhat medicinal smell to this mask
it could smell even worse
however, i like the smell a lot.
the only downside is the smell
if you head into this thinking it's going to smell like roses
it has a sweet smell, which i enjoy.
the smell reminds me of like an "ocean breeze" or something
i think it's really nice fresh smell
i love the smell
smells so very lightly but lovely.
i won't purchase it because the smell
some reviews complain about the smell
love that the whole genius range smell
it also has a really pleasant scent.
i also like the color/smell
the only complaint i have is the smell
i really like the smell of this too
some reviewers have mentioned the smell
it does have sort of a weird smell
to me it kind of smells like
i don't mind the smell, whatever it is.
has a great smell and very interesting texture!
that's what it smells like to me
i really like the scent, too.
the vanilla smell is nice too
there is no odor or scent, which i like.
i love the way this smells!
the smell is not the best
....if you can get past the outhouse-esque smell.
the smell is amassing.
except the smell is horrid
sometimes it has a almost "fishy" undertone smell
it helps mask the smell
the ole one do have a better smell
it smells great and leaves my skin soft.
the smell is so soft
it smells amazing and has a great slip to it.
the smell is very fresh
i like the feel and smell of this.
it smells amazing and not perfumey at all.
smells great, soothing and works wonders!
i love the smell it leaves behind
all of shiseido products have great smell
the smell is incredible
it smells nice and isn't too greasy.
i like that it doesn't have a strong smell like some other perricone products
not only is the smell super yummy
it smells really weird.
when you rub it in it smells like dirt
the smell is amazing
it smells amazing, and works extremely well.
it smells fantastic and feels even better.
the smell is just a bonus though.
the smell is also probably the best thing that i have ever smelled without being too perfumy
at first i couldn't get past the smell
the smell is amazing.
smells really good and smooth to put on.
not only does it smell amazing
oh and its smells amazing!
the smell is amazing
smells absolutely amazing, too.
this stuff smells delicious.
my fianc commented about how amazing i smelled
couldn't stop smelling me
i do like this product although the smell is very earthy
also, it smells great!
and the smell is really nice
the smell is amazing
bonus points for the amazing smell
however, the smell is absolutely wonderful.
it also has a very nice scent to it.
i love this mask and it smells so good!
i love the smell.
it smells so nice.
it really does smell amazing
this product smells great
the smell and texture is amazing.
couldn't stop smelling my face
it also smells sooo good.
oh, and it smells really good!
along with everything else, it smells sooo good!
it smells so good
i love the smell
the smell is not cloying as some say
a nice smell once you get used to it
some people dislike the smell
it isn't greasy and smells amazing!
plus, it smells amazing :)
i need a perfume that smells like this
not only does it smell like green tea to me
the smell is kind of weird
the smell is divine
however the smell is strong
i usually don't have trouble with smells
this smells like a tree haha
recommendation: smell before you buy!
the smell is pleasant
the smell is also incredible!
the smell i'm not a fan of
it doesn't sting and isn't sticky or smell bad.
it smells so good
the smell is great
like the texture, but not the smell
i think it smells so good
the smell is refreshing
not to mention that the smell is yummy
the smell is natural and not unpleasant at all.
it also has a pleasant smell
i really love this product because it smells incredible good
this stuff smells nice
the only improvement it needs is a good smell
it does smell a bit funny at first
the feel, smell and price you can't bet.
so far i like the product is has a clean refreshing smell
it smells awesome & is inexpensive!
i love the way this smells
it smells really nice
smells good, makes me look fresh!
it smells good too
it foams well and has a nice smell to it.
it cleans everything and smells amazing!
no smell which is great
love that there is no scent.
without color or smell i thought i'd be ok
smells luxurious which i also like
there was also no smell on application
the smell is a little strong
the smell is quite pleasant.
it smells great too, and lasts for several hours.
i love the smell
i dislike the smell
i read other reviews where people complained about the smell
if you sniff the bottle
it smells like rubber or something
it doesn't smell like anything on your face
i absolutely love the smell
it smells really pretty
it smells very strongly of roses which i dont' like
that's when the scent really got to me
doesn't have a strong smell which depends on how you feel about scented creams
the sample i had issues with smelled strongly of icyhot so no idea what happened there
i love the smell and the texture.
the herbal smell does not bother me
it smells great and feels even better.
the clerk gave me a strange vibe buying this.
i really appreciate the lack of scent
it smells good, and does not irritate my skin.
it doesn't have a scent which is a huge plus for me
it smells fresh and clean too.
smell nice, clean, fresh, yet not overwhelming.
it has an amazing smell
apart from the amazing smell
the smell is absolutely divine
i love the smell
it has an amazing smell, too!
the smell is wonderful as well.
i love the smell too!
the smell is awesome
i love the smell
it has a bit of a smell.
i loved the way this product smelled
the smell isn't that bad either
it also smells amazing!
pleasant smell and has a slight tingle when used.
i love the fresh smell
the smell is a little overwhelming
the smell is amazing too.
the only issue i have with it is the patchouli smell
i hate that smell
the smell doesn't linger too long
this oil is amazing and smells wonderful.
this product smells as good as it feels!
it does have a strong smell you'll have to get used to
it is very nice smelling
it smells so good that i want to wear it like perfume
the smell is gorgeous as well!
friends frequently tell me now that i smell really good when i'm not wearing perfume
it smells amazing and it works wonders.
i am always searching for a fragrance product that smells like this as i absolutely love the smell
i am very sensitive to smell
it smells so clean and refreshing - not perfumey.
the smell is very relaxing to me
the smell is so divine.
it smells like heaven
this never irritates it
plus, it smells absolutely gorgeous.
the smell is refreshing as well.
the smell is gorgeous
smells like bug spray
it has a pleasant smell.
i like the smell
the smell is so nice
the smell is out of this world
the smell is really great to me
i definitely do enjoy this cleanser for the morning because it smells delicious
the smell is divine
first it's not too harsh and smell is so amazing.
the smell is also divine!
plus, it smells incredible.
the smell is fantastic!
everyone always tells me i smell so good
i also love the smell once it's rubbed in to your face
to me the smell is subtle
as for the smell
it's very light and smells great.
the second jar smells bad
it smells really gross
very light weight and smells great too!!
not to mention it smells really good too!
i love the smell
because it smells odd to me
it smells like dirt kind of
or just a very natural smell
smell is pleasant/neutral.
doesn't have a terrible smell
i love the way it smells
i like the smell
it also smells good!
it obviously smells better
it smells great but is not overwhelming.
however i had to stop using it because the smell was horrible
love the texture and smell.
the smell is so nice
which i think smells amazing
it has nor smell
i don't notice a smell or a tingly sensation that other people have mentioned
i didn't notice a strong smell like another reviewer talked about
i didn't really notice a smell
tatcha has an unbelievable smell that makes me feel like i'm at a spa
it has little to no smell and isn't thick.
i also really love the smell!
it has no smell and of course it's really light.
no real scent which is great
i don't notice a smell at all either.
the smell is faint
to me it smells a bit like the
smell nice like nuts.
smell really nice like nuts
i smell a faint scent when i begin to apply it to my face
i don't really care for the smell
that being said the smell isn't bad enough to not use it
it has a distinct smell that bothers some people
my *only* complaint is that it smelly a bit like peanut
it doesn't smell the best
didn't like the smell
from the smell to the texture.
it doesn't have any overwhelming scent to it.
it doesn't smell and sinks in right away.
i can't give it 5 stars because i hate the smell.
but it works wonders so i push past the smell
it had an unpleasant smell
doesn't smell that great either
to me it simply smells "clean"
the smell is strong at first
this stuff doesn't smell
this product has a very faint fresh smell
it doesn't stink with added perfumes
there's no weird or over-powering scent
is that there is absolutely no scent
it doesn't smell at all.
i love the smell
i really enjoy the fact that the bar has no harsh scent
the only thing i don't like is that it has an odd smell
the smell is soothing
i love the smell
this oil smells incredible
it also smells amazing.
it smells absolutely amazing
it smells so good
must buy if you want a glowing face that smells yummy
the smell is pleasant
it's basically a nice-smelling dry oil.
i did not mind the smell but it was strong.
it smells so nice there's a lot of product
the smell is also a plus for me
what a nice close to natural product that smells beautiful
the smell, the texture!
there's not smell to it
it smells really good
this one smells good
it has a sweet scent that i wouldn't expect anyone to dislike
i actually kind of like the smell
besides the amazing smell of it
the smell is very light almost not noticeable.
the smell is great
very soft and without any strong smell.
omg i love the smell!
it doesn't smell soapy at all.
also it smells amazing.
it smells good but very unique.
this smells amazing and is calming.
smells great and my skin feels much softer!
it also smells fantastic.
the scent is subtle but smells so good!
that cool refreshing scent is really what gets me
lathers up so nicely smells like heaven
the smell is incredible
i absolutely love the smell of this product
it doesn't have a strong smell
the smell is divine.
also, it smells great.
it has an awesome smell
it smells really good
this cleanser also smells good
love the smell also.
no perfume smell which is wonderful
the smell is great and it foams wonderfully?
t smells really nice
it smells so beautiful
the smell is amazing as well.
can't tolerate anything on my face that smells like chemicals
it also smells amazing
it does smell amazing
the smell is different at first but is nice!
has a lovely smell and feels great on the skin.
it's fast absorbing, and smells so good!
i love the smell
and to top it all of, it smells delicious.
plus it smells great!
the smell is out of this world
plus it smells amazing!
the smell is fresh and not overpowering.
it smells great and makes my skin feel so soft.
i felt the scent itself awakened me.
the product smells great
the smell is so great!
plus, it smells incredible!
it has an amazing smell
i love the smell
it smells delicious too.
first it doesn't smell at all!
i do not smell it
it didn't have a perfume smell which i enjoyed.
it doesnt have a harsh smell so my eyes
it does not stink at all.
as for the smell
it does not have a distinct smell
there is no scent at all
smell is super neutral and nothing to comment on.
there was no unpleasant smell
there was no strong odor-there was barely any odor
i like the smell of this as well.
it doesn't smell "medicated" like many other things i've used
it smells nice and natural.
it has a strong ylang ylang smell to it
if you don't like that smell you are not going to like the smell of this
this is a great cleanser and smells so nice!
i like the smell of it
and works even better than it smells!
overall this cleanser smells good
not to mention this product smells amazing !
also love the smell.
the smell is amazing and cleans really good.
the smell is delightful
i also love the peachy smell it has.
plus the texture and smell are amazing!
really like the smell
the smell of the product is okay
the smell is not something to rave about
the cleanser smell so good
i must say the first thing i absolutely love about this cleanser is the smell
not overpowering at all
aside from the smell
this smells exactly like the youthmud treatment.
product smells great, too!
i love the smell
the product smells wonderful
smells just as divine as the mud mask.
this product smells amazing!
this cleanser smells so good
i am alllll about how products smell
this one smells sooooo good
it smells like vacation
i love the smell of this product
the smell is fantastic!!
and the smell was addictivlying good.
everything from the smell to the job it does is just amazing
the smell is my favorite part.
i love the smell
it smells so wonderful and is not drying.
it actually smells really good.
it also has a pretty strong coconut smell which i love
we both love the smell
the smell is also amazing.
a little smell but it will go away.
this product also smells really good
for some reason it reminds me of a churro smell
it smells so amazing
i really like how it smells and feels.
this is one of the best smelling prouducts i have ever used
obsessed with the smell of this product!
fell in love with the smell
i always look forward to that great calming smell :
what i also loved about it was that it doesn't have a harsh smell to it
i think the smell
probably the best smelling face washed i have owned
i love it.it smells really good also
walk away smelling like coconut
i love the smell of it
my boyfriend likes the smell on me
the clean sweet smell
the main thing i loved was the smell.
bonus points for the amazing smell!
feels like some way more expensive creams smell
i like the light smell.
i love the smell
it also smells heavenly which is always an added perk
i don't mind the smell knowing that it's all natural
i just think it smells like how i'd imagine all those fruit oils
what not to smell like
i don't notice the smell
the smell is a little weird but fully worth it.
it does have a different kind of scent on application
the smell is perfectly fine for me
i like having ''no smell product'' so this one i think smells like the natural oils that are found in it
i don't really mind the scent --to me it smells kind of mushroomy
the initial smell is not great
of course it's gonna smell
the smell is a little off putting
to everyone who says its smelly
a lot of people complain about the scent
he couldn't smell anything.)
also it smells extremely good.
does have a unique smell to it
there is an odor
i gave it 4 stars because of the smell.
has no odor at all
until then, it smells like ...decay?
i read in a review that the smell was pretty bad.
it smells fresh and it is not persistant.
it doesn't just smell like heaven
it smells really good too
it smells so good and feels so good on the skin.
kind of smells likes baby powder
everything the smell is amazing best product that is not overpriced perfect for aging skin in the desert climate
probably the only drawback is that it's perfumey--not a bad smell
no overbearing smell either which i've noticed is a trend in cleansing oils right now
the smell doesn't bother me too much
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the strong smell
to me it doesn't really smell like anything.
i love the smell.
this smells fantastic (very clean and light ).
bonus it smells amazing!!
however it smells strongly of fish.
i loved it, plus it smells amazing.
this product smells great
smells nice but not to strong.
the smell is pleasant, not too strong or light.
it smells great too.
regarding the whole sticky and smelly thing?
the smell is light
i think the smell is great
the product does not smell unpleasant at all
the rancid cocoa like smell is offputting enough to deter me from buying it full size
i love the smell.
i agree with the reviews who think it smells almost like chocolate
a nice product with a very pleasing smell
the smell-- it has a strange
people were complaining of a fishy smell
it smells like rotten laundry
the smell does not bother me at all.
every genius product smells clean
i know people have strong opinions on the smell
i personally think it smells like chocolate
everyone is talking about the smell
honestly it smells like vitamins
people complain about the smell
the downside is the smell.
i like the smell
all these reviews talking about the bad smell.
i loooove the smell!
the smell is something i had to get used to.
the smell is of mildew
the smell lingers a bit, but i can deal with it.
thought it smelled so bad that my sample must have gone rotten
it smells lovely and a little goes a long way.
it has a nice smell, not overwhelming.
i love the smell of this
has a slightly odd smell
why so many people complain the smell
the smell does not bother me at all.
almost pumpkin-y smell that might bother some
it does have a funky smell
the smell is interesting
it does have kind of an odd smell
it's so silky and has a pleasant smell.
it smelled like king cake
it did tingle some
the smell some complain about
didn't irritate my sensitive skin or smell horrendous
the smell doesn't linger
the odor that other reviewers comment on goes away very fast
the odor of a wet dog
the smell disappeared very quickly
the smell is fine
i dont smell it
if there is a smell that i am not smelling
so there may be a more natural smell
you have to adjust to an odor
plus it smells fantastic
it also smells amazing
great texture...smells good too!
but i love the smell and the affect on my skin.
it also smells very nice
it also smells great
the smell is great
it also smells great
absolutely love the smell
it does have a slight smell
it smelled really unknown to my nose
instantly fell in love with the smell
smell is a big deal for me
and i love the smell.
it does smell good
it just puts me in the better mood when product smells
i love the smell.
it's a pleasant smell, just strong.
the smell is pleasant.
who normally doesn't notice smells
i still hate that i smell like a little old lady when it's on
i love the smell
i love the smell so much
the smell is heavenly.
it smells really good too:
it smells so good as well
it smells heavenly and applies like a dream.
did i mention it smells amazing?
plus it smells amazing!
i must say this mask smells wonderful too!
beware that the smell is strong
doesn't have an odor.
i loved the way it smelled
first impression, this product smells bad.
bought this because to me it smells like a spa
very very strong smell
i can still smell it :
i like the light smell also.
also has no distinct odor which is nice.
it smells so good despite having spf in it.
the texture or smell of them
this product is perfect and smells amazing.
yes it has a notablely strong smell
it was the most awful smell
i still don't like the smell
the smell helps me sleep better
because it smells awful to me
although i am very sensitive to smells
would suggest smelling it before purchasing if your sensitive to smells like me
plus, it has such a soothing smell.
it also smells great
smell is quite powerful
many have complained about the smell
only downside to the luna oil is the smell
the smell of this product isn't bad
i am sensitive to smells
the downsides to this product are the smell
the smell takes a bit getting used to
i know that it doesn't smell the greatest
the smell is also pleasant in comparison to good genes
the smell is very strange though.
this does not smell pleasant.
the smell really isn't as bad as some people have said
haven't gotten use to the smell though!
i hated the smell too the first time i used it
only down side is the smell.
i actually like the smell.
agree with the smell isn't the best
besides the fact that the smell is terrible
tata harper which everyone said smelled terrible
the smell doesn't bother me.
the smell is a bit strong
besides the smell being amazing on the ceo
it kinda had an overwhelming smell
the only thing i do hate about this product is the smell
i love everything from the smell
the smell is wonderful it's not like roses or anything chemical
most of the complaints were about its smell
i love the way it smells
i love the smell
there is no funky smell.
best of all no smell and no grease!
doesn't have an unpleasant smell
it does smell like chemicals
its not like the smells lingers
it doesn't have a strong smell
it does have a bit of a smell
it doesn't seem to have a smell really at all.
it has some smell but nothing too noticeable.
i also hate strong smells
my nose gets disgusting
the smell is fantastic
love the smell as well.
i hate how this smells.
great smell, nonsticky, very moist.
love the smell, texture.
smells like one of my face primers
it has a nice feel and smell to it.
it feels amazing on my skin, and it smells great.
not bad or an off putting smell
smell is something i consider when purchasing facial products
all natural products, smells simple and clean.
first off, i love the smell of this product!
i really like the smell
the smell makes me awe
plus it smells great
it also smells amazing!
i dont mind the smell it's subtle
the smell doesn't irritate my skin or eyes
doesn't have a super noticeable smell
the smell is very mild
it does not have a bad smell
it smells pretty good too!
some may be bothered by the smell
i think the scent is nice too.
it smells amazing, feels amazing and is amazing.
i also love love love the smell of this product!
it also smells really good
it has a medicinal smell that i'm not crazy about
no trace of the smell
it also smells really good!
i love the smell!
a little goes a long way and it smells fresh.
plus, the smell is lovely!
i love the smell of it
smells great and a little goes a long way.
it also smells very nice and calming.
first off, it smells great.
i love that there is no scent
it smells really nice
this is a delightful smelling mask
it has a nice smell
easy to use and smells ok.
it smells absolutely sensational
it also smells amazing.
i find the smell very pleasant
the smell is too strong
also the smell is pleasant and clean.
i found no unpleasant smell
i did not like the scent however
if you are sensitive to smells
it smells like all of the seaberry products
first off it smells like c
smells kind of like apples too
it smells sooo good
i love the smell
love the smell, love the texture!
amazing product and the smell is to die for!!!
smells great and keeps breakouts at bay.
very pleasant smell that's light
the smell is amazing
the smell is amazing my skin feels soft
the powercleanse from glamglow smells wonderful
foams up nicely and smells great.
plus smelling like roses is a great bonus!
i see a lot of complaints on the smell.
smells lovely going on
i don't think the scent lasts at all
the smell is divine
i don't mind the smell
at least i don't feel it as a strong scent
the smells makes me keep applying more
i didn't notice a smell
the smell and feel of this oil is amazing.
i love all things roses and this smells lovely!
it absorbs quickly and smells amazing.
this oil smells amazing
i love the way it smells.
the smell is great too!
while this smells strong in the bottle
one of the best smelling oils ever
the smell is divine.
the smell is not too strong
there's a bit of a noxzema-ish smell to this product
it evens out my skin and smells pretty good.
it doesn't smell funky like some of their products do
the smell is fresh
it doesn't have a strong scent either which i like
i like the smell of the 5 in 1 better
there's not even much of a scent.
it does not have an odor
firstly, the smell is fine.
i didn't notice a weird smell at all.
the smell of this mask is horrible
it doesn't smell weird to be
the smell isn't very potent to me
the scent is not that bad
it does have like an earthy smell to it
the smell is pretty off-putting
i don't think it has much of a smell at all
people are saying they love the smell
i personally didn't think the smell was that strong at all
the smell is bad
the smell isn't the best
first if all it smells amazing!!
read alot of reviews complaining of the smell
it does have an interesting smell to it
nothing bad it smells like a mud mask to me
only problem is that it smells horrible
i don't think this mask smells that bad.
the only downside is that it doesn't smell too great
the smell is strong
the smell doesn't bother me at all
the smell is strong in the container
you don't smell it when it's on
it has a smell but it's not bothersome.
at first the earthy smell was very off putting for me
other reviews have said that the smell is strong
i think it smells refreshing.
the product doesn't smell too strong
i know someone mentioned that the scent is strong
it does have a strong aroma
even get headaches from something that's too fragrant
the smell of the product smells like something
it does have a bit of scent in it
i don't really notice the smell
however... the smell was absolutely too much.
it smelled like chemicals or perfume.
this mask does have an earthy smell
yes it does smell very earthy
it smells fine to me has an earthy smell to it
a lot of people are complaining about the smell
made my skin feel super soft but smells awful.
also, the smell is amaaaaazing.
also smells really good!
warm enough and smell is not strong at all.
it smells absolutely amazing- sort of like honey.
this smell is light and good.
smells a bit clinical at first
it smells so heavenly and lathers really well.
was wondering what was the glorious scent
it has a very light smell.
not crazy about the smell it smells like goo-gone or pine sol
the smell is lovely and it lasts me a while.
plus it smells like heaven to me.
it smells so good
the smell is great.
the smell is light
highly recommend, it also smells amazing!
i like the smell
the smell is soo nice
the scent was something i had to get used to
the smell is a huge plus too!
the smell is nice as you're falling asleep.
it felt really nice and smelled good too.
it smells nice too!
it was love at first tingle
the smell is amazing too!!
smells amazing and my skin absolutely glows.
i don't mind the rose scent too much because it works great
there's no greasy feeling and it smells amazing!
this stuff smells great
smells like baby wipes, but definitely worth it.
it smells beautiful too.
it smells rosy but not overpowering.
smell is very mild
rose smell is nice, not overwhelming.
smells wonderful and makes my skin soft!
i wasn't that crazy about the scent though,
i also love the smell
it has a pleasant smell
i love how this feels and smells.
i don't mind the smell, to me it smells great.
it does have a baby powder smell that is very strong
has the characteristic l'occitane smell
honestly that smell reminds me of poopy diapers
ter smells like that at all
it reminds me of baby lotion smell
who doesn't like the smell of a baby :
it doesn't smell strong or feel greasy.
and the smell is really nice too.
it does smell like baby powder
i really like the smell, too.
the smell was pleasing
i love the smell
and omg,it smells amazing.
it has no smell
the smell is not overpowering which is lovely
it smells amazing and makes pores smaller.
i love the smell of this mask
four stars because the smell isn't my favorite.
the smells is not the best
smells very nice - very pleasant and natural.
i love the smell, it's so pretty and soothing.
there is a mild organic smell to it
the smell is light and non-offensive.
i don't really care for the smell though.
i just put it on the smell is wonderful
sometimes i put it on just for the smell
especially, it has a really good smell.
it does have a smell, almost a celery smell.
i like flora but it does smell.
the smell does dissipate a little
it's not a chemically smell though
the smell leaves a lot to be desired
smell isn't totally fab
the smell bugged me the first night
i like the smell
but this oil smells.
it's hard to describe the smell
just wish the smell wasn't so horrible
4 stars for the smell
i really love the great rose smell!
i think the smell is very nice
not overpowering at all.
this does smell like roses
btw: sorry it does not smell like roses.
the smell is so natural
it also smells pretty great!
the smell is totally addictive
it also smells amazing and is.
some people may not like the scent
the smell is a great way to start
this solid cleansing oil smells fantastic
i really like the smell of erborian products
i love love love how this smells
i would purchase this again just cause i like the smell
the only thing is the scent is pretty overwhelming
this product is great, the smell is divine!
the smell is so fresh and nice too.
it smells great and feels so good on the skin.
it has a really earthy smell.
i happen to really love the smell of it
it's a unique scent that smells clean.
it whisks away my makeup and it smells amazing.
the smell is pleasant
the smell didn't bother me at all
loves the smell it's very natural
first thing i love about this oil is the great smell
there is a slight scent but i like it!
it just smells clean to me because that's what it does
smells so good when first applying
this product smells absolutely amazing
the smell is refreshing
also, i love the way this smells!
this product smells great as well
i love the smell of this.
it leaves your skin smelling
it has a nice smell
this product smells wonderful
i absolutely love the smell
it smells good -- really clean --
it smells so good and fresh.
also love the smell.
i also like the clean smell
i love the smell of this
my holy grail the smell is also really good
the smell is a bit alcohol-like
the smell does not bother me
only downfall is i hate the smell.
did not smell it on my face
i really like the scent a lot.
it doesn't smell like other lancome products
i also love the smell
what i noticed first about this was a wonderful light smell
who is usually quick to complain about any strong perfumy smells
as for the odor
the first thing i noticed was the amazing citrusy smell
the smell is good too.
smells pretty good too.
the smell is amazing.
love glamglow it smells so good
smells bomb i recommend it
this smells like heaven!!
i absolutely love the smell
it smells heavenly i wish i could bathe in it
i absolutely love the smell
smells great and doesn't break me out.
smelling great  i would highly recommend it
it also smells like candy so that's a plus!
i like the smell
this mask smells amazing, firstly.
i love this alot it smells wonderful like faries sunlight
the smell is nice and not overpowering.
i love the texture and it smells good.
and i love the smell too.
smells great and feels great too!
it also smells amazing.. for serious.
i like the smell
smells great, effective but not harsh!
this mask smell very well .
this mask smells so good
he refused to use them because he said the smelled like urine
i love the way these smell
the only downside is the strange smell
i didn't like the smell or feel of this mask
goes on lightweight, with a pleasant/clean smell.
love the subtle smell, love how quickly it dries.
it tingles and smells like heaven!!
the smell is amazing too :).
i like the smell.
the rose smell is nice, very light and natural.
the smell of the mask while it is on your face is amazing
and it smells very lovely.
it works very well and smells really nice.
oh and also, it smells amazing
it smells pretty good
the smell is a nice rose that isn't too strong.
it smells so good.
it looks nice, smells nice, and works.
the smell is a traditional guerlain smell
it didn't break me out and it smells amazing!
my only "complaint" is the old-lady perfumy smell
the smell isn't bad
the smell is great the consistency is nice
it's nice and smells fresh, i'll use it again.
they smell good and feel amazing on your face!
smell good and very hydro.
no stickiness, not heavy and it smells great!
i also really like the smell
even though the scent is quite strong
i love the smell
the smell isn't the best
if you're sensitive to smells you may want to smell it before you purchase
it smells amazing and doesn't irritate my skin.
the smell does not bother me at all.
it doesn't have the best smell
people were saying it smells really strong
the smell of both make me nauseated
i find the smell of this oil pleasant
i am not a fan of the scent because make up brake up had no scent to it
and i love the smell, it is fresh.
not only does this stuff smell amazing
it has a nice smell to it
the smell is amazing.
the smell is lovely
the smell is amazing and it's so cooling.
it smells fresh and is very cooling.
has almost no smell
plus, it smells great!
i don't mind the smell
i do not like strong odors
other reviewers noted an unpleasant smell which i have not noticed
it has a kind of weird light scent
the smell is great
plus, i love the way it smells.
also smells like fresh laundry
smells great and a little goes a long way.
this stuff feels good and smells good too though.
it also smells really refreshing
first of all this smells amazing!
it's got a subtle scent so that might be what irritates the eyes
there is a subtle smell to it
in the store, however, it smelled horrible.
it smells great and is not super greasy.
i like its smell
i really like the smell it make me feel relax.
i imagine this is what heaven smells like
this product feels and smells great.
loved the smell and the way it made my face feel.
after using this my skin wasn't shiny like it normally is plus the smell is divine
smells wonderful and feels wonderful.
i love the smell
the smell is not overwhelming
great smell, feels rich, a heavenly experience.
this cream smells amazing
i think the scent is too overpowering.
the smell is nice
smell is delicate and very nice.
plus i love the smell.
smell make it so pleasing to use
it smells great too!
i looove the smell
it has a nice light smell
plus,it smells lovely.
it moisturizer well and smell wonderful.
this cream smells pretty nice
really the only complaint i have is that it has a foul odor
love this stuff and smells so good!
it smells like baby powder if i had to describe it
just a clean scent really
smells so pretty and feels so soothing.
they all smell great
i love the smell of this stuff
as well it smells like a spa .
i really like that it doesn't have a scent
i love the smell
some reviewers mention a fishy smell
i will say that it is odorless
one minor thing (to me)--the slightly odd smell.
it doesn't smell artificial
the only downside is that the smell can be a bit overpowering
it was with good smell and lightweight.
it smells really fresh and wonderful.
the smell is great which is a plus!
it smells amazing, and it's my holy grail.
the smell was very calming
it also smells divine!
it does have a subtle smell like some moisturizers do
smells great and works great.
smells great and makes your face feel amazing.
the first thing i loved about this cream is the smell: it smells like paradise
the smell is pleasant too
the only thing i don't like is the smell.
it smells a little like plastic.
this smells and feels like gold.
i don't love the smell of it
it smells quite nice and is worth every penny.
the smell is so nice
love the smell also.
it smells so good and makes my skin feel so soft!
the scent is really nice too.
it smells nice too.
i didn't notice any smell at all
this product doesn't have a scent to me--it doesn't smell badly at all
it isn't a pleasant or particularly bad smell
it becomes like an oil it actually smells goood
in the morning it feels nice and smells lovely.
the smell is really lovely too
it smells really fresh
i love to use this product in the morning because the smell is so amazing
you can really smell the m
really like it  it smells nice
nice scent, nice feel.
the scent is not strong at all thankfully
plus it smells soooo good.
i love the smell of it
only complaint is the smell
also this stuff smells amazing
this stuff is amazing and smells even better!!
i found the smell very unpleasant however
it smells amazing too!
it goes on so smooth and smells amazing.
first off it smells amazing like clay
smell is just kind of there
i am very sensitive to unpleasant smells
doesn't really smell good or bad
it has no scent to me and does the job.
a great plus is also that there is no smell to it
if anyone thinks this smells bad
take a big whiff of some perricone products
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
i love the smell, moisturizes great!
light weight and smells amazing.
this one has really no scent to it at all
it also smells fantastic.
it doesn't have much of a smell
plus, it smells great.
it smells amazing and feels great on my skin.
this one smells great
this product is light and smells nice.
the smell is really nice.
it actually makes my whole bathroom smell like it
i love the smell because it is not overbearing.
it smells so good
i can't even describe the smell
the smell took a little to get used to.
it smelled good till the end for me!
personally i don't like to smell like a million things
what i love about this soap bar over others is the smell
as far as smell goes
over time, the smell does fade a bit.
i wasn't able to use this oil for a long period of time since the smell makes me nauseous
the smell can be a bit offensive
yes there's a scent to it
the smell is slightly herbally
it doesn't smell great
once you get past the slightly funky smell
my one complaint is i am not a huge fan of the smell
the smell is amazing
i agree that the scent is a little strong
the only thing i dislike is the scent- it smells like old potpourri to me
the smell has me smiling while i apply it
t does have a funky smell for me
it's smell is much less intense
both have really really strong smells that lingers for hours
the smell is pleasant and it absorbs well.
that the smell was fantastic
it smells lightly of something lovely
and it smells so good!
the pleasant smell is also a huge plus
as i have a hard time putting something that smells funky on my face
also, it smells great!
the smell is natural
the smell is divine and it soaks in amazing well.
also, it smells divine.
the smell is the thing i like the least
it smells a little like vegetable oil haha
i loved the herbivore as it smells great
i like the smell
the smell isn't the best
nice scent that is not overpowering
the smell is great
don't care for the smell too much
the smell is heavenly
this is the nicest smelling one of the three.
i also wanted to say that i just love the smell of this oil
smell is maybe the most personal of the senses
how products smell is important to me
it's light and smells great!
people seem to have mixed feelings on the smell
if it doesn't smell luxurious
well this oil smells incredible
the smell is gorgeous
the smell is super intense
i want everything to smell like this does.
on top of the amazing smell the oil makes my skin feel wonderful
it smells amazing too
it absorbs beautifully and smells amazing.
this stuff smells amazing
the smell is amazing
i couldn't stop smelling it
the smell is pleasant too.
the smell is divine
i do wish the smell was stronger
it's still a beautiful smell
i also enjoy its smell
the smell is intoxicating
it did not smell the greatest
the smell is pungent
though he's not fond of the smell
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
it has a nice smell and is soothing.
it's not a horrible smell
i quite enjoy the smell of this.
the smell is not the most pleasant
the smell isn't super pleasant
i got used to the smell
the smell is weird
i happen to like the smell a lot
many reiviews say that the smell is bad
i actually enjoy the smell
it has a strong essential oil type smell.
i don't mind the smell.
it does have an extremely unpleasant smell
first off, the smell is horrendous.
the smell is a little weird
this mask smells weird
let me get this out of the way: this smells awful
it smells like earthy dimetapp
yes, the smell has made me gag.
smells like you are at a spa
the smell really doesn't bother me
i wanted to hate this stuff because of the subtle stench
the smell is kinda strong
the smell is strong in the jar
i actually like how it smells on my face now
i didn't mind the smell
i like the smell
the smell is a bit strong but nothing unbearable.
the smell is not that appealing
the smell is a little off, but it works!
the smell is a bit strong
they also smell good.
i imagine that if you don't love the fragrance you won't love this mask as the smell is very strong
i will say though that the smell of this mask can be a little overwhelming if you are sensitive to strong odors
smells great and lasts a long time....
i personally like the smell of it
the smell is also very refreshing.
i don't love the scent---it's not unbearable
the smell is wonderful
this is one of those many products where some love the smell
the smell however is absolutely vile.
you definitely have to get past the smell
that's coming from someone who loves heavily scented products
never has a problem with cosmetic smells
the mask smells very nice
it's definitely a interesting smell.
it doesn't have a scent which is nice
doesn't have a scent, and goes on really nice.
the smell it's horrible
it smells like its a dream that's expired.
a little goes a long way and the smell is light.
the only downfall really is that it smells.
it is a very strong tea smell
mine has no smell at all
i really like the smell of it
this product does have a smell to it
unlike other reviews don't notice any bad smell
sephora has plenty of sweet smelling products that smell like oranges
for those who want it to smell nice like fruit
if the color is dark or the product smells bad
it also has an unpleasant odor.
yes, this product does have a weird scent.
oddly enough that bottle did not smell strange
i wish they could add a little more scent to the serum to cover up the strange wet-dog odor
the smell is my only complaint.
it does have a funky smell
the smell isn't good
so we expect it to smell like citrus
i agree that the smell is not pleasant
"that smell your h
they always say "yes that's the smell
this has great reviews aside from the smell
i love this smell
other than the smell, this product is fantastic.
the one thing that threw me off is the smell.
it has a smoky smell that lingers all day long.
smells like barbecue on my face.
i don't smell anything
this thing smells like a can of corn.
some people say that the smell of the serum is overpowering
the smell of the serum is a little strange
i didn't find the smell irritating at all.
as for the smell, there really is no smell.
what little smell there is goes away almost immediately
the smell is a little bacon smokey like as some say lol
this product doesn't smell bad.
in fact, it almost has no smell.
is highly sensitive to smells
than something that smells pretty
first of all let me just say that yes there is a smoky scent to this serum
i honestly don't mind the scent
you won't smell it at all
that being said, i actually like the scent.
the one con is the smell
the smell is very strong
there is a smoky smell
and there is barely a smell.
you don't even smell it once on face.
does not smell very nice
i love the smell of this
i love the fresh smell too.
the smell is delicious
i love the smell of this stuff
it smells so refreshing
it smells amazing, very relaxing and soft.
this gel smells so fresh
it also smells great :)
it smells sooo fresh
this cleanser smells good
the only bad thing is the smell.
if not for the smell i'd give it 5 stars!
it smells great and is very fun to use!
my only issue with this product is the smell.
it is a little messy, but i love the scent!
im quite picky with smells
the smell ohhhhhh so pleasant
i love the smell
it has a pleasant smell
i also really like the smell of it.
i personally don't like the smell
has a nice light smell
there is no smell to it which is nice because i also don't like things that smell too strong
first thing i noticed about this mask was the amazing scent
smells really good too!
it smells great and makes my skin feel very soft.
it smells very nice
the feel, the smell, the results are amazing.
i love the smell of this one too- really earthy!
plus it smells amazing.
i don't know why it smells like burned garlic
this product smells very strong
yes it does have a bit of a strange scent
all the other reviews are correct: it smells terrible
the smell will not linger
it doesn't smell good
it has a distinctly murad smell like all their products
the smell is not very strong
it has no smell
only downside is the smell
but i can deal with the bad smell for great skin!
it doesn't have a strong odor like clarins
it also smells nice but not too strong.
the smell is fantastic.
you need this just for the scent.
i really like the smell of it as well.
no strong smell which is what i like.
i do love the smell
the smell is to die for, i just love it.
smells amazing and gets everything off!
very faint, lightly sweet smell.
i love the smell
a lovely smell is what defines this cleaner
i love love love how relaxing this product smells
it also smelling amazing
definitely will continue to buy this product it has an interesting citrusy smell so be mindful of you don't like face products smelling
i love the smell of it
the smell is also quite pleasant.
doesn't have much of a smell.
this product has no smell
it doesn't smell pretty at first
it smells great too!
when you smell it in the jar
i love the way this product smells
i love to use this at the end of the day even when i don't wear makeup just to smell that amazing scent
i don't get the smell everyone keeps raving about
others mention the smell
sorta does smell like a donut
i hated the smell.
the smell is so subtle.
it smells like a delicious doughnut.
totally awesome and smells amazing !
its natural and smells amazing.
it smells really good also.
i also like the scent alot
i love the color and smell.
i liked the smell
this doesn't smell like much in the pot
it smells so amazing
i don't really smell it
i didn't really notice any scent.
it smells so good too!!!
it has a nice smell
this smells very nice
sort of like a whiff of a passerby with nice perfume
it's doesn't smell to strong which is a plus
the smell is great
it has a smell that i love
it is creamy, feels nice and smells good.
the product smells great
it smells great and the jar really lasts..
it honestly is amazing, and smells divine.
the only thing i don't like about it is the smell
i love the smell
i love this one though because it smells great
it has a nice light scent that smells divine!!
this smells so good that i look forward to washing my face
i really can't get over how great it smells.
that is not irritating or overpowering
it smells so good
it smells amazing too!!
it smells nice and very glamorous.
major plus- smells amazing
the smell is so fresh
the first thing i do is smell a new product!
the smell is light
it's so silky and smells wonderful.
definitely not enough to make your pillow smell weird
a refreshing cool gel that smells so good!
the smell was nice and light, very pleasant.
