whats surprising is that it really does what it says
when i wash my face with this it doesn't happen
nothing else works like this!
can't even imagine how long the full size product would last
maybe i'll even let my boyfriend try it this time
this did not disappoint
it's good enough for me
that is why 4 stars.
my nivea moisturizer wasn't doing much to correct it
i didn't think it was heavy
i can't justify paying that much for it :
i believe in getting what you pay for
if money is no object to you
i never knew much about this line.
i tried this cream on a whim honestly not expecting much
i didn't find this too heavy at all
within five minutes my face didn't burn or itch anymore
i would not recommend this as a day cream
it's the only product he's ever used that genuinely works
does not leave a residue whatsoever
i can't believe i paid $135 for a cream.
your skin knows exactly how much to drink up!
i agree it really isnt in the least
hadn't really needed to try it
this does the trick
this morning i honestly can't believe it has made as much of a difference already as it has
it wasn't hard to apply
if money were no object i'd give this stuff 10 stars
the only thing that bothered me initially was the smell
i guess that's all the ingredients in it
it's not that bad
sadly i can't justify the price
i think for that to happen you'd have to use so much that the product is actually sitting on top of your skin
idk if i will buy it because it is seriously expens
if i could afford it
unfortunately i can't justify the price.
i can't speak to the long term effects
i really didn't want to like it
what i don't like is the price
unfortunately that is deal breaker
he never notices anything
i wish it wasn't so expensive.
i didn't even apply foundation that day.
at $100+ its simply out of my budget no matter how much i love it
i mean everything on it
i wasn't expecting much as i never have found a true holy grail moisturizer
they all seem to just be okay.
even when i did
for what it did to my skin
did not want to love it
i did not think i would love this as much as i do- it has reduced redness
even good old aquaphor didn't help
don't dare put this on my face
i did not want to like this due to the insane price
you get what you pay for
if your still not sure ask for a sample
don't let the price tag fool you
the oil isn't for me as much as i wanted to love it
if you're even considering getting this oil
i'd say the oil though u will go through the bottle quickly if you use daily because it's beautiful
i must say this oil is amazing
i didn't want to like this because it's sooo expensive
another thing is this oil didn't break me out at all
i love everything about this except the price.
once you put it on you can't notice the scent anymore
i must say it was like heaven in a bottle
if you're like me
not with this one
i mean literally immediately after
i know this sounds like iâ€™m exaggerating
none of these products had done anything for my skin
the only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is the price
especially because they don't do anything
if you're like me
you know that quality isn't cheap
i really wanted to dislike this because it's so expensive
let me just say that i'm literally so obsessed with this oil
that's how much i love it
try this out nowwwww if you can afford it!
another item from tatcha i can't live without.
pricey but don't regret it!
none did the trick
she was not crazy about it.
on the nights that i do not use this cream
wonder why i ever go without
it doesn't bother me
i can't decide if i am going to keep or return because of this
this mask does everything it says it will do: lift
so if it weren't pricey, i'd give this 5 stars.
let me tell you i love it
it wasn't until even the youtubers i follow who have said before that they didn't care much for the glamglow mask started saying this was worth the money
did not do much for the wrinkles
i can't say for sure whether that is an actual lasting effect or just the mask drying on my skin
i do wish i could find a peel mask that would clear my pores as well
i've never found a product that has made me say "wow
which they recommend anyways
i don't know why it's this color.
didn't even think i needed a firming product considering i'm in my 20s
did not irritate my skin at all
this did not cause that either
i would defiantly buy this if it weren't so expensive
i just wish this wasn't so expensive.
she didn't like this one
does what it says
some people have said the mask didn't do much for them
i simply enjoy it
i don't know why people are so critical over the fact it didn't do anything for them
you can't accurately review products that reverse signs of aging if your not there yet
glamglow never ceases to amaze me!
i've gotten compliments from friends/family who didn't know i was doing masks
people i didn't know
you don't use them every day so try it out
you know how when you do a face mask you hope no one comes to the door
you will want people to see you with this on.
i don't feel it so much anymore
it did not pull or irritate my skin at all.
i do believe my skin tone did appear more even
frankly i wasn't expecting much from it because i didn't think my skin needed much tightening
can't say i've ever noticed any difference in my skin
is right where they tell you not to put it
i can't say firmer
you don't get a lot of product
not as amazing as i expected from all the hype this br
i didn't really notice a difference in my skin other than it being red
this product is unlike anything that i have ever tried
i always wash my face afterward so as not to encourage any blemishes
i guess that's how you can tell it's working
i don't have many
they never seem to fail
i didn't believe the whole peeling it off thing
it proved me wrong!
i must say that this is a good mask
can do before going out for the night without worry of redness
haha because that's how your skin will feel after even one use
i wish it wasn't so expensive
i am not wearing any foundation
this product not only doesn't irritate me
this product does not irritate it at all
it is nothing short of a miracle for me
if this can help my skin which has laser damage-think about what it can do for you if you have rosacea
this one always does it's job
not only can i feel the difference
i don't think there is any skin care products will do magic things
i honestly haven't tried everything i've bought so far
not only have they not worked
this product will not disappoint
it's not concerning enough that it out weighs all the pros
it's impossible to tell when it's going to run out
i can even use it around my eyes without a problem
it didn't let me down
not bad for the price!
i find that i prefer this
now i am afraid to stop using it.
you don't need much
i would recommend this to everyone!
after a while the smell isn't even that noticeable anymore lol v nice
wasn't expecting much from it
i didn't expect much
i love that this is a clear
i do not like the cleanser at all
didn't realize how much this product did for me until i ran out for a few days
it doesn't really "feel" like it does anything for me when i use the product
boy can i tell a difference when i run out
i really didn't expect much from the small bottle
you don't want to buy a new kind
can't live without it!
gel-like the formula was i didn't expect much out of it
it did not cause any issues or breakouts
did not irritate my eyes
it does however do what it promises.
this doesn't work for her
it works for me so it's all that matters.
i can't recommend this enough.
didn't cause any reactions
can't imagine not having this!
it did help me fix my problem
it literally acts like a vaccume for everything else
my only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because it's a little pricey
i wanted to find something else
figured i'd give it a try
this is the only one that just plain works
not sure about the anti-aging since i am not using it for that purpose
i didn't realize how well it works until i stopped using it for a few weeks
this didn't cause any breakouts whatsoever
it doesn't break me out
with this product i don't have that problem anymore
it didn't break me out
(just to be sure there isn't a bad reaction.)
you just can't go wrong with this
don't get me wrong
i didn't want a gel.
i guess that i did not read the description well enough
why some people don't like it
it does the job
i could immediately tell a difference
i love first aid beauty anyway
this product does not bother my skin whatsoever
didn't feel like i had a film on me
not sure if i'll use everyday
alas can't always afford them
don't want to lose it
you know it's working
i didn't know what to expect from this product
i think i was expecting an instant skin retexturizer
i wouldn't recommend this to someone with my skin type
know it's going to do what it promises to
i can't live without it
people often ask what i use on my skin
otherwise, i like it.
can not ask more
it didn't seem to fix my dry+sensitive skin in winter
this does not bother them
that doesn't last very long at all
not only does this not bother my skin at all
love tea- so why not try this?
i do anyway because it's just what i do
it's so pricey that i'm not sure if it will be any time soon
it doesn't cause me to break out at all.
this does the trick
i don't know what is is
i almost didn't want to smile because the lines would show up
i recommend this to anybody whose eyes are a big problem area for them like they are for me
couldn't believe how well it worked
even my friends did too
my under eyes aren't so dark anymore
for the first week i didn't notice any change at all
every time i dont wear or do
ive noticed after awhile even when i don't use it my dark circles aren't as bad as they use to be i use this day
i didn't have a big bags
i didn't notice any results
i don't know if it was just me
this wasn't quite the cure-all i was hoping for
t probably is unrealistic to expect miracles
now i'm not sure how i lived without it
i don't know what i would do without this eye cream in the morning
when i had used this at night i didn't notice a difference
although i do not think it did anything with "brightening" my under eye area
anyway, still i like this eye cream.
i just had to say how amazing it is
it's been my go-to every since
guess i can't say this is the best one ever
no matter how well i set it
believe it or not
it does not do what a concealer can do
can't go wrong for $27.
how do they do it for such a great price?
it did nothing for my fine lines
i didn't expect to like it that much, but wow!
don't you know people use this after getting out of the shower?
can't say enough words about this!
there was nothing wrong with it.
i cannot say thanks enough
not something i would normally use
it actually does everything it says it does.
does exactly what the description says it will do
this does help them
i don't see why people hate on it so much.
not groundbreaking or anything
i didn't even realize i had that bad of dark circles
'm not sure if this was the culprit or not
this is the first eye cream that i can truly say does something
thought "did i already cover my dark circles?"
you will lose a lot of product.
i can see a difference
i can't say that it does wonders
does not work miracles on very dark circles
this is exactly should be used like dior dream skin
still love it like i did before
it's not gone altogether however
i wasn't expecting to see such great results with this moisturizer so soon
i don't even have to wear as much make up anymore
this one, however - all i can say is wow.
i don't regret at all
sephora doesn't sell it yet
this product does wonders
it's the only thing i have ever used that has made any impact on my dark circles
i don't know about all of the other claims
it does what it claims to do!
this cream does exactly that
however i do notice that if i don't wear any makeup
i don't ever wear foundation without setting it
only thing i don't like is the smell
now i dont have to worry about which sunblock i need because i have it all in one moustirezer+sunblock=hapiness :
it didn't make my sking breakout since i have combination skin it's so far working good
this day cream does not make your skin break out or have any type of reaction
why do so when you have perfection?
didn't feel like there was anything there.
wouldn't make me break out
it hasn't made me break out
not in this case
this stuff does the trick
i do not have problems putting makeup over it
can't tell that it's even there
knew i would like it
you do get what you pay for
as someone else already mentioned if you are doing the murad acne treatment line
don't be afraid of this one.
the price isn't too bad either.
you won't even want to put foundation over this.
doesn't make me break out
the only thing i have to admit
can't say enough about all things from murad.
also doesn't try me out at all
i think after i finish i might try something else though
you don't need much
it's not too bad.
i do not have that problem
it is one of the few products that does what it promises
i can tell the difference in my skin.
it did not work
this product does exactly what the description says
would not buy because i like to test many things
would recommend it to anyone
not badly- it doesn't bother me
does everything it promises
didn't quite have that tightening feel that this one does
i don't see any lasting results though
truly a really good product i can't wait to buy the full size
asked what i was doing
you won't be sorry!!
i don't know if it's just me
buy it with points like i did.
can't say how well this can resolve those issues
do what it says or does
nothing seems to make a difference
it's not a crazy difference
it also doesn't happen as "instantly" as claimed.
i really only took off one star because when you claim "instant" that's going to be exactly what i expect
she said if i didn't believe her
i should do one eye
this is something i think i will never be without
can't speak to how long product will last
i love it because you get immediate
magine what it would do for you
nothing i mean nothing has worked
can't believe i missed this one til now
i can not believe the results this product gave
honestly i have determined you get what u pay for
a splurge, but i can't deny the results!
i didn't have any expectations for this
not a lot if you see results in a product
can't wait to keep using it in that area!
that i can't not share my thoughts
promise you won't regret it.
i am so happy with this product that i can't not write one
really didn't expect much
just wish it wasn't so expensive
you get what you pay for
i don't know why they call this a mask
i don't think it should be called a mask
maybe that's why other reviewers are confused
my mom mentioned how i didn't have any lines on my face
i didn't expect it to actually do anything
it's actually made a difference in my face in a single use
my sample didn't come with instructions so the first time i used it i didn't really care for it
when i did it the way it was done in the video
it's actually made a difference
i think this is something that probably won't work for everyone based on other reviews
that might be why i feel that
if it's saying anything at all
after babying my sample so that i wouldn't use it all i did go back
i "never say never"
i couldn't believe when i got this as a sample 1st how much product there was
in my opinion you'll be surprised!
well it's does not really cover up laugh lines
of course i'm going to be skeptical of anything that reviewers say they see instant results from-
it did seem as others have said that the lines started melting-or for me they stated filling up
i didn't not have any issues putting make up on top
i dont want to put make up after this mask
i don't expect miracles
i do want to see results
i honestly didn't know what to expect
this product does exactly what it's supposed to do
which did nothing for me
haven't really tried anything besides clinque's
and that's all that matters!
you never know what you'll discover in a sample!
don't hate on me!
i just do not enjoy the smell
it's not bad enough that i wouldn't repurchase
really don't need anything else for any lines
wasn't expecting much from it
so i decided what can it hurt to put this on.
i can say just with this one use i am in love.
only thing that i do not like it that now that i want to buy this product is that it is such a high price
i couldn't believe it.
i simply love this product
i wasn't expecting much from a leave on mask
didn't cause my skin to break out
trust me i don't normally believe everything that is advertised
i guess i'm going to make the effort
do not apply too much because it will ball up when you apply your foundation
if there's anything i'll be using this product for
wasn't asking it to do very much
like they can't quite put their finger on what's different
expensive or not i will never be without this product
yep not one line on my face.
really, you don't need that much!
i never imagine i could find a product that could help with my smile lines
this product is so good i cannot believe it exists
i cannot believe for 95
i still cannot believe it even as i write this!
it's even better because you can target exactly where you need fullness
they're the kind that make people think i'm 27 instead of 20
this product does the wonder to my skin.
i dont use it on the whole face.
t always makes this product because i think it is a forever one for me :
it's on my face as we speak
i can't see my lines anymore
let me tell you- i love it
it does not leave any residue like some products i have tried
buy it you won't regret
i almost didn't get it for some reviews you need to apply it correctly
you'll see results i did felt a difference in my skin after the first application
i do not know what is in this cream
i cant even tell you if its hydrating or anything
you can tell a difference in your skin immediately
i didn't use it one night
hasn't broken me out is a lot to say
i know others do
i know there are no miracle creams out there.
i can't figure out what ingredients this has that makes it so special
i can't believe i haven't been using this more regularly
i still do not have lines of expression
does not break me out
can't even remember the name anymore
it's been a battle to try to find something that works
i can't recommend this line strongly enough.
even though i know the average person can't afford the entire line
but if you can - buy it.
it has a feel i can't really describe
i will say the price made me gasp
hesitated because it just didn't feel like my skin
i never say i can see or feel a difference with first application
i can't leave the house without it
it does everything it promises
this product does what it promises
what it did was even out my complexion
i did not get the results i was hoping for
i didnt want to try this stuff out because of the price
i can hardly wait for a month!!
this stuff does exactly what it says.
my goodness you pay for what you get
almost don't even notice it
definitely can't afford this as a daily product
this product does what it says.
i didn't think this would do at all when i saw it
i don't think i'll ever use something else now.
so i figured i would give this a try.
don't necessarily have any wrinkles on my face yet
i can't say anything about how it affects wrinkles
i couldn't imagine not using it now that i've seen such a short term impact
smooth i couldn't believe it
i know it will help
can't live without it!
i can't get over it
can't imagine going back now
i can tell a difference in the morning when i don't use it
got this thinking i would return it unless i would absolutely fall in love with it because it's a bit expensive
i must say it's really amazing
i can't wait to try the genius eye cream next.
they didn't with my specific problems
don't eliminate trying this option if you haven't liked the others
it does everything it says it will
i figured this problem can't be corrected with cheap products
this stuff doesn't do that!
i didn't have many wrinkles
see what would happen
yet is not greasy
i cannot wait to try the whole line.
i can't even explain what a difference this made for my skin
i did not experience any peeling
not sure what the purpose of that is
never really knew how much to apply
could not ask for a better multitasker!
he never notices anything lol
i didn't know what to expect from it
i didn't want to switch products but i did.
let me tell you
i don't know what it is about this product
but the product does work.
i mean, they're not quite gone but almost!
you really can't have a sample made of this at sephora
i rarely review any sort of face treatment as they all seem to be about the same
frankly can't say it is any different
all i can say is that it's amazing
all i can say is i look in my 20s now
i didn't use it everyday though cause i saw kate's video said that if you're in your 30s then you should apply it 3x in a week so that's what i did
i know that i need to have this
know for a fact this was the cure
cant wait to try them
i didn't expect this product to make my skin feel smoother
if you want a miracle product, this is it.
honestly i loveee this product
this is what i do
doesn't sit on top or anything like that
however, that is not the fault of the product.
i know it seems pricey
it does not break me out at all.
i do not wash this product off at all.
you cannot go wrong
everyone's asking what i use
it does not break me out
i almost didn't want to love it because the price tag is so hefty
i do not know if i would call this a face mask
it is not a miracle product
haven't seen anything like this
i cannot recommend it enough
i hardly wear foundation anymore
nothing seemed to do the job
i can't recommend enough.
so the price isn't actually that bad
this did not irritate
other cleansers i tried just didn't seem to do anything
it does wonders for my face
i can't say enough about it.
i personally don't like the smell of this product
never thought i would love this as much as i did.
i seriously do this every night
i can't imagine using anything else.
maybe that's why i'm not experiencing dryout like some reviewers
i even like how my face looks without any makeup on
it's just not for me though.
love that i can use it with my clarisonic.
i honestly didn't know i could a find a cleanser this good
would recommend this to anyone!
it's pretty pricey but i probably would re-buy.
i don't think calling it a breakout is the right word
i don't think people underst
yes it may be pricey
in that sense it did not to a dang thing
i rarely have breakouts anymore
does not exactly help with redness though.
have to say i love the consistency
this does not do that
i do want to mentioned that it didn't happen within 2 or 3 days like it did for some
this one doesn't do that
i literally see a difference when i use this product
let's say when i don't
i don't regret buying this product, it's great.
we talked about how they don't really advertise which explains why i hadn't heard of the br
it does the job
know i can trust this product if something else doesnt work
i will never ever buy anything else
i don't think i'll ever stop purchasing it
i would reccomend it to everyone!
i can not live without it
i really don't know how i ever lived without it.
you really do not need that much.
really didn't need another one
i can't turn back!
it's all definitely not as bad as it used to be
it does everything it says it does.
i don't think i will ever stop using this.
no matter what kind of skin you have
you can use more if this isn't enough
if it's not being offered
this doesn't leave anything
really cannot not say enough good things about this cleanser
this bottle will last forever so the price really doesn't bother me
this stuff im telling you is for anyone.
at least the wrong ones
maybe it's not right
i wouldn't rule this one out
i cannot say enough good things about this cleanser
not with this one
i don't even want to try other cleansers even just to test them anymore because i love this so much
let me tell you i do not regret it at all.
i wish it can do more ''soapy feeling''
hope the formula does not change
i've tried almost every product you can think of.
you don't need to use much at all either!
try this you won't regret it!
this product does exactly what it says it's going to do
im surprised based on how great this works that it's not hyped or promoted more in stores
why change my routine if it works for me?
boy this product did not disappoint
i don't break out
i know what you're thinking
i felt so helpless i was unable to afford to buy expensive skin products if they were not going to work to remove or clean my acne
it does exactly what it says.
decided it wasn't enough
i only give it 4 stars because i
you won't regret it!
i do actually love the product
t wasn't like i had slept too much on one side or something
this moisturizer is exactly what i needed
i can't really tell yet
josie maran's products have never failed me.
it works exactly as the description states for me
whenever that happens cause there's so much
not worry about it breaking me out
nothing else comes close.
for this reason i can't use it in the morning.
i can't wait to use it
what do ya know
does not cause breakouts
which rarely ever happens to my skin
let me say it's amazing
the size of the jar is deceiving which is why i didn't give this product 5 stars
josie maran never disappoints me.
doesn't make me break out
this did not break me out
i didn't break out
don't let the name 'face butter' scare you off.
doesn't cause me any break outs
it doesn't feel like it'll be a problem
im giving it 4 stars only because i don't know how it'll behave under foundation/face products
i did not experience any pilling as others have.
about the smell: it does not smell bad to me
however it smells like what it is
it won't be a problem
however, this does not work well under my makeup.
i don't necessarily mind this
the cream did not break me out at any time.
i did not find it to be a smooth
this is not something i expected from this product
i decided to give this one a try after watching countless youtube reviews on it because it is not cheap compared to a lot of other br
let me tell you wow
because no products do the things they promise
i can't imagine what the benefits of long term use will be
does not make me break out which is a dang miracle
even that wasn't working
which the other things i tried hadn't managed to do
doesn't break me out at all
now i don't have too!
i can't even begin to explain how great this stuff is
usually just this product by itself is enough for me
didn't use it for a long time because i thought it would be too thick for me
i didn't even notice the smell at all
i don't mind the smell it is very mild although i can see why some might not love it
i don't want to go without it
not sure what they think it is lol
does exactly what it says
what it says it does
i say splurge for sure !
this product compelled me to do so
didn't even realize it was a mask until i got home
didn't bother my skin at all leaving it on over night
even my boyfriend couldn't stop commenting on how soft
i seriously want to eat it.
i didn't break out
you know this has happened to you with at least one face mask
i can't live without it!
it doesn't burn or anything
i've only used it a few times so let's see what happens
i can't even explain how amazing your skin feels after you use this product
this mask did not break me out what so ever
this mask does exactly what it says!
i'll never not use this.
i honestly wasnt expecting much but wow!
you won't regret it!
i love what it does to my skin while i'm applying it
it does all that it promises to do
figured i would try it
i love this when i want to do more
cant get any better then that
didn't use it for weeks
have it a try didn't think anything of it
in my recent sephora order i chose this as a 100 point reward-- oh my goodness i'm so glad that i did
i can't say enough good things about this-- i will be ordering the full size presently
i can't imagine someone not liking this!
couldn't believe how amazing it was
i love this mask because not only does it smell amazing
it also does what it's supposed to
let me tell you
so far i freaking love it
i didn't expect much from this stuff the first time i tried it
doesn't make me break out
thought why not just give it a go
i can't even begin explain just how amazing this product is
ok let me first say oh products have always been hit or miss for me
it doesn't bother be
if you know what i mean
is prone to breakouts so we tried this for him
certainly not before going out or an event.
i did not give it 5 stars because of the price.
i can't wait to get some more of it
couldn't believe the results
like so many others here lol
really thinking not much would happen
i know it is a mask
not only does it smell amazing in every way possible
this is not one of them
even if the product did nothing for me
i cannot say enough about these 4 products
does not feel like it is full of fake
the price is not bad for the amount of product you get
i wouldn't exactly call it non-drying
can't live without it!
it does exactly what it says in the description.
it does exactly what it says.
so not sure why it's helping in that way
i can't imagine how much money i've spent on drug store product trying to save my skin
it is not intended to clear up problem skin based on what my aesthetician told me
it does not burn my face when i apply it.
the smell i will admit is probably not for everyone
if you're unsure ask a sephora employee of its possible to give ya a small sample
it didn't irritate me either
so needless to say i'm picky about what i put on my face
this did not bother me at all
didn't notice a bad reaction at all.
it is pricey so i'm not sure if i'll repurchase.
it did what it says.
it's not like some masks i have tried.
for the price you can not beat it
it doesn't bother me at all
it's not going to pull things out dramatically like glamglow's supermud mask
i did anyways to test it out
the smell didn't bother me at all
it does what it says
box and so far i think it's amazing!
buy this, you won't regret it
it is not a dealbreaker for me
i honestly don't mind it that much
even the fragrance didn't do anything
is not as bad as others are making it seem
why people are complaining of the smell
must have sensitivity to certain smells because i didn't notice anything
i would actually buy the product.
does what it says
i didn't smell anything bad with the product
even though their masks are supposed to be amazing it doesn't last a long time
i will say this is an amazing mask
couldn't imagine why everyone loved it i didn't think it was doing anything
but i used it up, so it wouldn't go to waste.
once it was empty, i didn't think much of it.
i could tell the difference in my nose.
i can't what to use it again.
i usually don't want what they throw in at my local store
seriously it's lasted sooo long
you won't regret buying this :]
not even gunna lie
you can tell from the second you put it on that it's not harsh on your skin
just like it says it does
my skin didn't have a bad reaction to this
that's not true at all
if you did research on all mask you would find that any mask will cost you more than $40
if you buy the full bottle you wouldn't get near as much as you do in this jar
there wasn't much to do about them
this is not irritating whatsoever
if you're contemplating this i say definitely try it
or nothing at all
do exactly what they say they will
the first time i used it i didn't really see a difference on the size of my pores
it's not too bad
this doesnt bother me though because a little bit of the mask goes a long way so even if i use it every night i wont run out for a while
if you can afford to try this out i would
i think what people may over see is that it's also a form of skin care
this product is a matter of knowing how to use it
so i'm not buying this one.
i can't justify it at that price
not knowing the price tag
pro acne skin i thought that i never gonna find something for aging that not break me out until i try this
i can not tell you how much money i lose thinking
this its gonna work
thats why i take the time to right this if you are thinking to buy it
for anyone saying they aren't willing to continue using this line to see results
the problem is yours
that will never happen lol
you don't have to worry about the product going bad if you haven't used it for a couple of months
i can't wait to see what tomorrow brings.
money on products that do not work
if i didn't know better
i guess you get what you pay for!
don't know the results over time
it's exactly what i needed.
i personally haven't had any issues with dryness.
can't get over the results!!!
can't get over these amazing results
i didn't notice the smell others mentioned.
i don't know if i got used to it
i don't notice it anymore
i wish this wasn't so expensive
you don't even know that it's there
i won't pass for 20 anymore
i cannot go without this product!
makeup didn't look as good
its so funny that i trust this company so much that i'm not even quite sure what this exactly does or what it is specifically targeted to do
i can see the transformation happening
i still can't exactly pinpoint it
please don't make the rest of us suffer for their stupidity
i must say wow
i find 1 pump does the job for me
this seemed like an extra expense that i didn't have to have in my beauty routine
i don't want to go without it
not cause break outs
please don't discontinue this stuff!
does everything it says it will do.
if there are any
i got this product as a rewards sample figuring if it didn't work for my skin i would give it to my mom
never thought i needed to use serums
honestly haven't seen any results yet
not sure if it has done anything to the lines etc--
it's not uncommon to break out when you try new products
have not had any problems
i didn't break out like some other people have posted
i don't notice much of a difference yet
please note that i do not use it as suggested.
can't really confirm or deny whether it triggers breakouts
because i cannot live without it at this point
i can't believe what a difference it made so quickly
i will use this stuff forever
what i recommend this product to somebody else yes
i love this stuff i can't wait to buy the full version
i wasn't so sure about this product
thinking i can return it if i don't like it
i didn't notice anything special
i wasn't so sure about this product when i first ordered it
if your tight on money you couldn't go wrong with this product
if you don't like it, return it.
i don't normally write a review unless i love something or hate it
so not sure if it will help with fine lines
that's just not enough for me to determine if it really works imo
just not the same
you certainly get what you pay for
you won't regret it!
samples aren't always enough to sell me on a product
can't wait to see the long term effects
i can't believe how fast i saw results
see if that makes a difference
but darn it, it works.
you will love it!
i personally don't mind that
if you can't afford it
somehow the claims seem too good to be true
it really doesn't like when i switch products
it's still working wonders
i finally found the serum that actually does what it says it's supposed to do
i don't know what i would do without it.
couldn't get myself to just yet because it was about $50
it does exactly what it claims.
you can't go wrong
this product does it for me
definately can't wait to see more results in a few weeks :
i already can't wait to see what my skin looks like in a month
this product does exactly what it claims to do.
this has not caused me any issues
i didn't have to wait to apply my foundation
you won't regret getting this!!
which is not a bad thing i just personally don't like my lips bare
does what it's supposed to do.
however, it's not bad.
but still not a bad product at all
i would have never thought i'd like this
i love that i can use this anywhere
some mentioned here that it's think like vaseline
i do wish it lasted longer on my lips though.
i really recommend this oil to anyone
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that there isn't much for the price
maybe rollerballs were not a great idea for makeup products as it did not bring out much product
once it sinks in i can't feel anything
you won't be sorry.
honestly if it cost $60 i would pay for it
i didn't want to risk buying
i didn't feel that it did much for my dry skin
it didn't give me breakouts
i am not sure if i am glowing from or
i don't know how i lived without it before.
not worry about coverage compromise
i actually don't use this on my face i use it on my h
it doesn't break me out
there is nothing bad to say about this product!
it just wasn't doing the trick in terms of moisture anymore
i really wasn't expecting much
if you've ever had those problems
i wish that it wasn't almost 40$
for everything else it's pure love
i didn't have to worry about making a mess or worry about it getting all over my pillowcase
wasn't sure i'd like this product
it did not sit on my skin
can target exactly where i want the oil
this product does the job well enough
let me say that i didn't have high hopes for the hydrating oil stick
i do get use out of it everyday
what i would do with this product
i don't have any idea why so people talk so bad about oils
so how can i not recommend milk products
see no review your age don't be afraid
sephora has a great return policy if you don't like it
you cannot go wrong with this
can't speak on that
so this isn't necessarily practical for me
i wasn't even sure what this product was going to do
or it does not
you can use it anywhere
i don't know if it's possible or not.
i just can't rave enough about this thing.
i would say go with this one
it does not have any fragrance
they don't carry it
it does everything it says
i probably wouldn't actually purchase this because it's a bit overpriced for what it is
only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the sensation doesn't last long
when i got this in my play box i didnt think id like it or use it much
i've never thought to try anything like this before
i honestly didn't read up on how to use
it's unlike anything else i've ever used
i didn't know what i was
did not have a clue what it was
doesn't really do much as a product
i don't necessarily understand its purpose?
i didn't find a problem with it
let me tell you nothing works like this does
not sure that it does anything for puffiness
hardly have time to do my makeup when i get up
t doesn't trigger any break outs
that doesn't hurt to use
do i think it's a necessity
if you want to use it all over your face
idk how i can go a morning without it!
yet it is not moisturising at all
because i wanted to give it time to do what it claims to do
it doesn't make it go away
i even convinced my mom to buy it
in my case i did not find that it smelled bad at all
i can't wait to use this into the summer!
it's definitely not a necessity though
it does all the things that it claims
this doesn't break me out
which it never does
i guess the only down fall is that it feels so good against my skin you don't know when to stop haha
it's not something i'd usually go for.
this is truly a miraculous moisturizer that does exactly what it says it's supposed to do
not sure if it is supposed to do that
i like that it doesn't just sit on my face
did i also mention it's a great makeup base too?!
i am never going back to anything else.
what it is for
if you didn't like the fact that it doesn't sit well under make up or have spf in it
this product does what it is intended to do
this is not for you
i've never been able to find one that didn't make my skin somewhat greasy looking
this does not break me out
i would say it is not quick absorbing
which is what you would want in the morning
i certainly don't hate it
this product does exactly what it claims.
not sure about the pore claim.
even if i don't use it every night
may not be good for you
although i am not sure what it was
night even in my t-zone not only does it leave my skin smooth
when i used this it didn't
you won't regret the purchase!
it i have to say
i just wish it had spf
this one does not disappoint
it really does exactly what it says
i did not notice any difference unfortunately
decided to keep this one since there's only 2/3 left
when they say skin perfecting, they mean it.
this is the only product that does not cause break outs
i can't wait to keep using it!
and i didn't know what to do.
i can't believe my eyes
it does exactly what it says it does.
it doesn't make it worse either
doesn't break me out
it definitely doesn't cause them
it doesn't make me break out
i like it but just isn't enough for my skin.
btw never buy it individual
i can't think of anything negative to say about this product
i recommend this so anyone
doesn't break me out
this does just that!
i hope it continues to do what it does!
it's not heavy, but still gets the job done.
the only thing i wish that this product could've have is spf
this one does not
i work at the store an i can easily admit it
if it weren't for this
i would've been too embarrassed to leave my house because of how bad my skin would flake
this is supposed to have great ingredients- we'll see
it certainly did not solve my acne problems
i can't say enough good things about this product by murad
this has not caused any problems for me
i would recommend something else
didn't know something like this even existed.
as i didn't really notice a difference
didn't mind trying this product
wasn't sure about this to start with
can't wait to use it under my glamglow supermud as that normally really dries me out even though i love the result
does the job for me.
this truly does prep your face so that whatever mask you use can do everything it is supposed to do
as i didn't think it would do much
i would say if you have money to spend
it's not like you can't do a face mask without it
i didn't see any benefit that way
t really does make a difference
i honestly have to say i can't put a mask on without it lol
if you don't believe in this product just look at the ingredients they almost all benefit the skin in some way
to be honest it really didn't make a difference on whether i used it with the mask or without
so i'd say it does what it says.
of course it's not necessary
can't be completely sure that it's amazing yet
i didn't know mask primer existed
after trying it i can say that i enjoyed it.
don't regret my purchase at all
yes it does work great i will rebuy it for sure
did what they were suppose to do
i just wish it didn't smell so weird.
i did notice that my mask did go on smoother
have to watch what i use
i hardly get any breakouts either
not harsh at all.
i don't want to speak for everyone who may have the same skin issues as me
i find that if i happen to stop using it my skin will have crazy breakouts
it actually doesn't do a bad job either
i honestly think i won't go back to anything else
this is the only reason why it got 4 stars
it doesn't perform miracles
this does not make me breakout
it does smell odd, but i wouldn't say bad.
this may not work the same for you
think if you do have dry skin you could still make it work :
this has not had any bad effect on my face
i didn't realize anything happening to my skin
i didn't realize how much makeup was still on my face till i used this
i can already tell a difference
not only does it smell amazing
i recommend it to everyone
it's really hard to find cleansers that don't make me feel like i didn't fully clean my face or that break me out after one use
when i used this cleanser it got makeup off that i didn't even know makeup was there
buy this you will not regret it
it doesn't break me out.
probably did nothing for me until i used this
i am saying this because sometimes
this gel did neither of those things.
this does not burn or irritate my skin in anyway
i personally don't find it to be drying
i literally can not stop talking about it
i hate what it does to my skin
'm not sure of its ability to remove makeup
figured i'd try this product
let me tell you, i was not let down at all!
they don't like it
i wouldn't let that scare you
now i don't need them
i really had no idea what to expect
i got a travel size , and i must say wow !
this product seems to do the job
doesn't cause me any problems
it didn't cause any skin issues
price point isn't bad
can't go without it!
at first i wasn't sure if i was going to like this face wash
couldn't ask for more.
i never thought oil needs oil
i can't say enough about how much i love this cleanser
now i can't wait to do it every night
i can't really say if it has any effects on acne because i rarely get it
that's more than enough for it to do it's job
i will say that it doesn't really seem to foam like the description says
i would recommend this to everyone!
it will seem like it isn't really doing anything- you apply to dry face
which i can't really explain
i noticed that my skin didn't break out nearly as much as it did before
however everything i tried for skin care failed.
i couldn't believe it.
that's the only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars
i would just recommend anyone that hasn't tried it to do so
you don't need very much to cover your entire face
i don't even need primer or foundation anymore if i don't feel like wearing it :
you don't need to use a lot.
it's a must have...game changer!
did not cause any break outs.
dare i say, it may be holy grail!
this cream is exactly what i had hoped for!
it's not only online
unless they stop making this i will not be using anything else
i can't say enough good things
it does the trick
have not had any issues
this does the trick!
i can't get enough of it!!
this one doesn't break me out
i didn't any expectations
this is a purchase you won't regret.
doesn't last all day
i can't get enough
i can't say it enough
you don't need a lot of product.
plus if you're like me
i decided to give this one a try because i just simply love anything rose
once she used this her skin didn't react poorly
i do not break out
i admit that i did not love the smell at first
does not cause breakouts.
my skin has honestly not been this clear
it doesn't bother me
at this point all i can say is wow.
oils were exactly what i needed
nothing like this oil
it does wonders for my skin
this stuff is kind of pricy so don't over do it- it isn't necessary
if i'm not doing scrub
this does not do that
it doesn't break me out
i can tell the difference if i skip a day
you won't be sorry!
not only does it smell amazing
i honestly never thought of using an oil on my skin before
i can't even believe the difference in my skin
i would recommend this to anyone for any issue.
i didn't love it at first
i do not give reviews for skin care because the claims made by most just plain don't work
it doesn't take much either.
not overwhelming or anything
i would do my makeup
after using it for a month i was convinced that this does miracles unexplainable to man kind
please do yourself a favor
not sure how or why i got it yet
i would definitely recommend to anyone!
like many others i cant seem to leave my face alone
yet it does not look greasy
t doesn't bother me- definitely something to be wary of if you dont like the smell of rose
you won't regret this purchase
i did not have goodexperience with oils
no matter what i use
it doesn't go away
it does what it claims
i can not live without this in my skin care routine
i wasn't too happy when i first bought it because i just could not st
i will never use anything else!
i can't live without this product!!!
couldn't resist not using it every night
i am actually going outside without makeup!
that doesn't bother me
it wouldn't realllllyyy matter to me one way or the other
didn't irritate with great results
i like the smell of roses so didn't mind too much
no one ever asks what i use
that is unless you accident prone
i realized it wasn't doing anything for me
what more can i ask for?
this was the only way that it didn't break me out
the only thing i didn't like much is the strong perfume smell
telling everyone about it
i could not live without it
dare i say this is a game changer for me???
it's really not all that bad anyway
not just for the ingredients
like the instructions say
didn't have any issues
i don't know why
as someone else said
so the jury's out because i do travel
this cream does not make me break out at all
so all that explanation is to tell you how amazing is this product
doesn't break me out
i definitely do not have as many breakouts as i used to
the price is the only part i don't love about it
this did not cause any break outs
it doesn't break me out
i would personally never apply make up over it because it's so tacky
i cannot even feel it after application
although i probably wouldn't use at night
maybe it's just in my head
doesn't break me out
this one did not
not sure i would purchase
everything everyone's saying is true
the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because the packaging makes it seem like you get a lot of product
it doesn't seem like a lot
it doesn't break me out
not sure how this would go as moisturizer.
however, this does not do enough for my skin.
this just doesn't give me the hydration i need
i simply love this.
let me tell you they're the best duo
f you let it sit for 20-30 minutes before you do your makeup it works as a very good primer
if you've been hesitant about it, get it!
i can't live without it!
not because there isn't enough product
i did my research
and it doesn't break me out one bit!
it's also one of my go to's
i usually don't leave reviews for anything
was skeptical about this but oh wow was i wrong.
i don't use it every day
this doesn't seem to bother it at all
doesn't break me out at all!
i don't even notice the scent to be honest with you
my makeup would not stick to it at all
you do not need a lot of it
i will never use anything else after this
still not as good, but will do.
t is exactly the same product as the old moisturizer clinique put out
don't use enough of this
nor would it with any product like this.
any time you want to see results it's going to take patience
this is the only thing that's helped
nope, not the case.
can't comment on how this product works for that
it doesn't matter what cream you use
i figured out how to do it correctly
i don't give it 5 stars because it's not magic.
this product did not let me down
i knew i had to do something
i love the fact that i can just put this on
let all my makeup melt off without having to do anything else
i can't take any stars off for this product
it isn't that bad
nothing else in my routine has changed.
which i don't feel like did anything for me
you won't regret it.
this did not break me out or cause any reactions
despite what others say
i honestly don't see much of difference between them
if your eyes aren't sensitive this will not bother you much if it gets in your eyes
they all do the same job
this does not burn my eyes
it doesn't make me break out at all
the only thing i do not like about the cleansing oil is the price
i can't get enough of this stuff!
the rep was saying her bottle last about three months so really the price isn't even that bad
i don't regret buying it
it did not remove all of my makeup
when i do use this
this was a fail for me
i can't say enough good things about this!
if you don't have one
it didn't bother my eyes at all
i felt like i could actually go without any makeup on my face
"you get what you pay for
which is another thing that i love about it
it may not work miracles
i can hardly tell it's there
in no way did that effect my opinion
this doesn't seem to help with that
this one did not disappoint
you actually dont even feel it on your skin.
i would definitely recommend to anybody who have the funds
i love it and hope that you will too!
if i could change one thing
usually you don't see a big difference or any difference for that matter
this did not cause any reactions or sensitivity
however this isn't something i use alone
this did not disappoint!
i can honestly say it does
not this this one
you don't have to use a lot of the product so you can make it last
i cant wait to see what prolonged use looks like.
when i received the bottle i really did not know what to expect
it's unlike any products i've tried before.
i can't wait to try more from the br
i don't know how to describe it
that is probably because i have combination skin
that is something you might want to think about if you have combination skin
finding something that doesn't make me breakout
can't wait to see what they look like after a month
as they say "you get what you pay for"
i wasn't too sure what to expect with this product as it is labeled an essence
it isn't overpowering so not a deal-breaker
the claims this product makes would probably be true
not the case for me though.
didn't notice anything with that
no one has ever asked what i do with my skin
i mean just use em while needed
these make my skin look like it did when i was 20
it doesn't bother you as much as a "skin care concern"
i didn't realize how good these were until i ran out
i can't say that they make you look 10 years younger
that's not a concern for me
would give these 5 stars if it wasn't for the price
it's amazing the difference you see after 10 minutes
no lie no joke my coworker even saw it
i mean i would be great everywhere else
no idea what they are called
i almost didn't want these to work because of the price
i hope these never go away because i'm going to have a real problem if they do
i didn't give all 5 stars as i just used them
it works well and did what it's supposed to.
exactly what it says it does.
i couldn't believe how cooling they were!!
they aren't a miracle though
i can't say they work super well
they do a good enough job to justify the price per pair i think
i would recommend them to everyone!
if that even makes sense?
none of them do what this product does for me
i wasn't expecting to love this product as much as i do
would remember to use it everyday
i know it states it's an a
i think whatever i was using beforeh
this doesn't really help with fine lines
i don't know that any of these eye creams do that much for those
can't really say how it performs under makeup
the times i do wear makeup it's never been a problem
if you want something simple
it isn't anything to make a fuss over
i wish i could use something thicker at night
i can honestly say this eye cream is actually reducing my fine lines
figures it can't hurt to have more
i don't see my crows feet fine lines anymore
i recommend it to everyone!
because that means it proved me wrong
this product did not burn or sting at all
this product does what it says
you can't beat the price
you don't need much of it
does not give me a reaction
i hope that fab does not take it away like they did the last eye cream i used
i can't say my "fine lines" are gone
unfortunately there is not a lot of product in this pump
it's not perfect though
i can't believe it- i will buy this as long as it's on the shelf
it does what it claims
it truly does what it says !
this stuff is like no other mask i've ever used.
not in a bad way
does what it claims!
i am not crazy about the smell
then- i wasn't even expecting this- you get this amazing
wasn't expecting much to be honest
know it was time
didnt see anything crazy to note
t feels softer than i can ever explain to someone
i mean nothing compared to this
just go in and ask for a sample if nothing else.
i dont leave reviews on everything i try from sephora
i recognize why people may feel it's a big much for the amount of product
the afterfeel it gives alone is reason enough to buy it
give the product itself 5 stars because it does do what it says
i do always leave it on for way longer than the 10 minutes recommended i don't know if that makes a difference
i wasn't expecting to fall in love.
this doesn't bother my skin at all
not sure how much the mask contri
which doesn't bother me all that much
i can't go a day without it.
because let's face it, you get what you pay for.
can't say much for the firming affects yet
i think i know why its not working for them
i didn't feel any uncomfortable when i use it
the only thing you have to know about this serum is it'll take time
only downside is that this item is so expensive because i'm not sure how i'm going to live without it now
see how that goes
let me just tell you
i wasn't expecting much
you cant even tell there was someting there
i actually work for sephora
it's not good enough to warrant the price jump in my opinion
this does it all
i can't say enough about how much i love this cleanser
it does not sting my eyes whatsoever
i can not say enough about it.
it didn't leave it feeling stripped at all
i do not regret this buy
no need to worry about size since it's not liquid
this product does not add to any of my skin issues
ishtar one i could see a difference in my skin.
the only reason not for 5 is that i wouldn't consider this an overnight product
this product does not have a scent
smooth even when i am not wearing it
i've never used anything like it.
did not have any stick or tackiness
it doesn't seem like it could really be irritating
i hate it when that happens
this product does what it claims.
it's estÃ©e lauder so that is to be expected
my guess is that i'll see results in about 5 days
i cannot recommend this enough
i really hope this isn't going to be discontinued- i love it
please do not discontinue it.
not only it's good for face
does not leave a mess on the bar
this product says what it does
exactly what i wanted.
i actually first got this as a sample fro sephora that i didn't even ask for
didn't think anything of it
i did not have to use much of this
it is also good for highlighting if you didn't want to use all over your face
i wear it alone
it didn't break me out or cause any other issues on my combination skin
doesn't really do anything different
i bet if i did though it would be awesome.
if i choose to not wear makeup over it
had no idea how to use it
it says what it's says it's going to do.
this really does what it says it will do.
i do like this product
i can honestly say i was a little confused about what to do with the cream in the cap
i figured it out
even if you're in a hurry to work
to be honest estee lauder is not typically on my mind as something i'd buy
i never had any desire to try estee edit products
i honestly wasn't even sure what it was used for or if i would use it at all
it's not something i would normally purchase
when i first opened this i wasn't too sure as to what it was supposed to do
i knew it could do so many things
i didn't think this was a product that i would enjoy
i didn't know what to expect
it's something i might not have tried otherwise
i didn't think this did much of anything to my skin
this product doesn't do that at all
that isn't really a problem
i like to throw some of it on when i'm not wearing any other makeup as well
doesn't make me break out
i do not think it st
seemed like it didn't spread when i used it alone
once i figured it out i can't stop using this
you can wear this alone
it does what it says.
this is a must have if you want that soft
i wouldn't use this alone if you are fair
say whatever i'm doing i should bottle it
i can't speak to the other benefits
i do not wear foundation
not only does it make my skin look
i don't use foundation or anything
i can't even describe it.
of course i do my eyes
they let you try
and why the heck not?
didn't break me out or make me look greasy!
i do so many things with it.
i don't know how much it lifts or firms as i am
initially i wasn't sure of this product.
i do see some effects
i regret any night that i miss using this product because my skin isn't as glowing
not that i need it
the description doesn't claim to remove makeup anyway
this one didn't disappoint
i'd say to give it a try
this did not irritate my skin at all
i've tried so many other products that didn't work
i've gotten used to the fact that those aren't going anywhere
i also didn't break out from it.
the only thing i didn't like was the smell.
enough so that i use it at night
i can't thank her enough
it didn't break me out
i knew my old moisturizer wouldn't be enough to combat it
not only did this stuff relieve my face from my reaction
i do not see myself without this product in my life
i love it because you don't need a lot
you will not regret this purchase!
it isn't over powering like you would expect
not to mention the smell is to die for.
i can't get over how much i love this product.
needed to let everyone know how much this product saved my skin
it does as it says it is supposed to.
this doesn't mean you can't get on with the rest of your beauty routine though
i do wish there was some spf
unless i somehow stumble across something even better
everything i had tried either didn't do anything to improve my skin or broke me out
to the point where people would ask me about why my skin was so dry
no matter what i use
cannot attest to whether or not this product works under makeup
it doesn't break me out
it's not too strong but you can smell it.
just wish it wasn't so pricey
i don't know if i can afford to keep buying..
great under makeup or just alone.
although it doesn't give u too much hydration
that's all i can say.
i will attest that it really does exactly what it says it will do
when people say that
i usually don't believe it
don't know if you can put makeup on right away
(you know what i'm talking about)
nothing enough for me to st
i think if you have normal skin
so that's what really prompted me to buy this
anything could make me break out for no reason
you can't go wrong with this face cream.
let it sit in well i do my eye makeup
don't be scared to give this a go
definitely recommend it if you haven't tried it.
trust me when i say extreme
in other words i still look 18 every else on my face
i did notice that they weren't as deep as the usually are
if you're worried about your under eye
when something works for you as well as this does
can never have enough
did not feel any burning sensation.
needed something that would not break me out
have nothing bad to say
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
i can't tell if it does anything other than hydrate
i certainly notice my skin doesn't look as good when i don't use it
i don't stop using it
it's impossible to tell when the product is running out
everyone keeps complaining about how it doesn't work
this might not be a product for you
i see people complaining about this being "not all that" on it's own
it does not have any real occlusives or conditioning agents
he wouldn't admit it
u can't go wrong with this company at all
i disagree i think people are just using it wrong
let me tell you
i can't explain exactly what
t doesn't feel like too much on my face
that doesn't take away from how amazing this product is
it does the trick
i simply cannot be without it now!
i did not appreciate that look
i couldn't recommend this product enough
at first i didn't care for this product as i found it too light
i would recommend this to anyone
don't go a day without it
it's not going to do much for you if you want a noticeable top layer difference
but it's a good product and does what it says.
it may just not be enough to combat the dryer
not in love with this
i wondered what the point was
it's not the kind of product that will wow you as soon as you put it on
i can see how using this by itself wouldn't be enough
i don't have to use a primer or anything with this
i just enjoy wearing it alone
this particular product i cannot see going without as long as they make it
wasn't crazy about it
just for reference i do not use this as a moisturizer
it's important to note what it is intended to do
i mean let's start with the name drunk elephant
who wouldn't want to go to that party?
you will not either when it comes to the benefits
i think it does what it says
i think i tried almost all of them
all i can say is wow
really dry people this might not work for bc it might not be enough moisture
this is only my experience so you may not have to deal with this
t can't be that bad
i believe is what it's called.
for anyone that also has combination skin you know it's a bi*ch
because apparently that's not enough
my skin's not necessarily acne-prone however
which if you're like me
i am not sure what changed besides the color
if anyone would notice
i didn't know it would work for me so well.
which it does not
not overwhelming in any matter
the amount of product you get is kind of ridiculous
i do not break out with this.
and i have to say that i am liking it.
didn't notice any strong fragrance either
i find that's the case when i use too much
it does the job
the smell doesn't bother me at all actually after i put it on my face i actually like the smell
to be honest i wasn't expecting much at first
it does not make me break out
the plus sides are that it didn't make me break out
she did make a comment about the smell
it is not the same.
it's not over powering go me
usually i can never find a moisturizer that actually does anything to my skin
i do prefer this product though
i did not get this mask at first.
it didn't do much for wow factor
it's because i didn't leave it on long enough
this one does not disappoint
figured i'd give it try
didn't have high hopes
i don't think it's going to be my must have one
this is not the product for you
i really don't think there is any issue with the packaging or too much product dispensing
i believe it does everything it says it does
first let me say that i own
i can't be without this product!
that's what i found at least
i did not experience any of those issues
what more can you ask for in a eye cream
it's a shame that this product only had 3
'd expect young peeps to give a bad review
if they aren't sure what it's for
it doesn't claim to be!
exactly what i needed.
t doesn't seem like it would be able to do much
did not cause any breakout
nevery bothered me at all
at first i questioned if it really does anything to my skin
i don't think i can express enough how much i love this product
i honestly don't know why i need it
didn't know what to expect
i didn't think i'd love it so much
doesn't break me out
i didn't expect much
i don't regret it at all
i didn't really notice any results the first week to week
i simply love it!
i feel like i could wear it alone
not even have to use a moisturizer although i still do
not sure what it is about this product
it's so faint i'm not even sure what it could be
at first i did not care
there is no way i will not buy this
it easy to spill if u not careful.
not with this product.
trust their products to do exactly what they say
it seems to do the work
why people are complaining about the smell though
i've never even heard of this
i think i may have to buy a big bottle
the only thing that i'm crazy about in this product is the price
i don't know how it works so well
it seems from reviews it is a hit or miss with people either works great or not at all
am a die hard rouge shopper because of their excellent return policy if you do not love the product
i really can't believe i saw a difference so soon
i know some people hated it
i can't get enough
i can't believe this product worked so fast.
man i wish i could get some korres products for
i didn't like the smell at first either
if you're like me
you honestly don't need highlighter!
it does absolute wonders to my skin
it's really not that bad.
i actually love it
maybe it's because i travel a lot
i just couldn't live without it
okay now lemme tell you about this.
when i read reviews on this seeing people say they saw instant results i was like "yeah okay sure you did"
thought this would burn my skin honestly
i figured i would buy one product i know that i like
i really didn't know what it was for at first
i honestly recommend people to at least try it out
i didn't know what it was .
i only wish it wasn't so pricey :/.
i talked myself out of paying another $98 for a product that did not do anything with vit c
plus you don't need much
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
i don't agree with everyone else about the smell
i do agree with people who say it is sticky
it doesn't bother me
unfortunately, i'm not made of money.
i know the price sounds ridiculous
not sure what the fuss is about the smell
have not seen any results to speak of
i would definitely recommend trying if you can get over the smell
i can't figure out why everyone complains about the smell
yes the smell isn't for everyone
i never want to run out of this stuff
i don't know why people are complaining about the smell
can't wait to see the long term results!
i can't say enough positive things to say about this
korres please do not get ride of this product because it is sheer genius
that's exactly what needs to be done with this product
if you remember to just pat on the product
not enough to make me gush online
it doesn't last long
so that's not a big issue for me
i would say this product does everything it says to
i could not feel the bump anymore
did the same thing
love what it does to my skin
either you love it or hate it
the smell alone makes me want to drop almost 100 dollars on it
i know thats not what's recommended
this product did nothing of that sort
please do try, you won't regret it.
i find it disconcerting that they do not tell you on their box or in the literature provided how many drops to use
all i can say is wow.
for those of you that don't know why you need this or what an elixir is meant to do
it's going to help them not have to work as hard to do their job
i can't say enough good things about this!
do yourself a favor and get it!
if you can only afford one good product
now the actual product yes, yes, and yes!
i don't like its smell, but it is not too bad.
i am not sure if it is only mine or apply to all other ones
i don't have any bad reactions
i will never use anything else.
not sure about long term benefits yet
the only reason why i didn't rate 5 stars is because of the price
the only reason i can't give this product 5 stars is the packaging
i don't think it's necessarily an offensive smell
basically, it does the trick.
maybe not every single night
mine doesn't even pump product anymore
i didn't love the fact that it is supposed to be used dry
i didn't like it at first
not sure if that's because of the luna 2 or the face wash
it's actually the first product i ever bought that goes above
you really do only need a pump or two
you won't be sorry.
it really does do all that it claims to do.
the only thing i would say is that it kind of gave me some red spots
doesn't bother me at all
the only thing i would change is the packaging which is beyond ridiculous
you can't beat the value for this set.
it doesn't come with much at all
i personally don't find this product to work at all for under eye circles
most of the time no matter what i do my concealer never lays quite right
i must say that i do like the product texture
the smell didn't bother me
didn't make me break out
i assume that's why i look younger than i am
unfortunately i can not afford to buy this right now
if anyone else can, i highly recommend.
so you need to get over it if you want something worth putting on your skin
wish it wasn't so expensive :/
i figured why not try it
i will not purchase because i do not need it
(if i can remember it!
you can't go wrong with this amazing product
not sure why so many people are complaining about the smell
it definitely doesn't bother me
if it's doing what it's suppose to
it's doing everything it says it will!
then if you think you might like it
i would've never tried this.
i recommend it for sure
that's not a problem for you then get it hahah
it does what it says
can't wait to see what it will do
i can't use this alone
i rarely buy things twice so when i do it's a big deal
i wasn't to sure when i first use this cream
no one can tell the difference
you will see instant results sure
i changed nothing else in my routine during this time
doesn't break me out
this is one of the products that i can't be without
it says what it does
didn't know how to deal with it
my skin doesn't really like that
i do not breakout there
i think this would work wonders for any skin type as long as your not prone to breakouts
it doesn't break me out
this product doesn't break me out
don't get me wrong
didn't really work any miracles on my skin for the price
not enough to justify the price
it just didn't compare
you dont need to use much unless you're very dry
this may not be for you
i wish it weren't as expensive
i still don't know if it made any difference on my face
it doesn't break me out
i just don't see it.
this did not cause me any breakouts
can't imagine using anything else
i just don't use it when i plan on using makeup
that's the only downside i can think of.
this is a pricey one, that's for sure.
but i decided to splurge and treat myself.
little did i know
just do yourself a favor and buy it.
not sure what people are saying about the scent
i can't wait to try other products from this br
this did not break out my skin nor did it cause tiny bumps
i can really notice the difference when i don't use this product
so finding one that doesn't break me out has been almost impossible
for no real reason
something i don't think it even claims to do
i don't know what it is about this stuff
i don't expect miracles from a bottle
it's hard to see results
can get over it because the product is so good otherwise
i will say that i think i personally need to use another night cream after for extra hydration as i do wake up in the morning with a oily t-zone
i don't notice one at all
wouldn't break me out
i don't even have to use any face makeup afterward
i literally never review anything ever.
my skin just wasn't the same.
i do agree with that
i would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for the price
this product do wonder in just one use.
i wish they'd knock it down a bit.
what can it hurt to try??
using once, i could tell it was doing it's job.
this is the only moisturizer that i have ever used that didn't break me out
this one doesn't dissapoint.
i dont know how this product used to be
don't want to waste anymore time on anything else
not to mention it smells amazingg.
my face doesn't break out as much
doesn't do much for my fine lines
this product does not cause any irritation
i mean who wants lines
it is not harsh
i cannot recommend this product enough!
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
they say it comes with age
it's summer now so we'll see if it stays that way in the winter
i can't say enough good things about this product
i couldn't believe my eyes
this was not the case
they just doesn't work out for me which made me kind of desperate
i can't say that it has completely controlled or prevented future breakouts from happening
while it isn't a miracle
it's been impossible to find a product that does it all
i would not say it is hydarting
so i figured why not add this.
can't believe how good my skin looks
do have faith it's going to do as it says
it doesn't come out well
it does not travel well
i did not feel like it made any other effect on my skin
very light, can hardly tell i put it on.
i don't know what i would do without it
try out the tester at sephora to see what i mean.
sad that i don't have anymore
it didn't even bother my sensitive eyes
for the moment i'm seriously debating whether or not i should wash my face
i couldn't get any worse right?
you're likely to hate this product
this isn't something i would have bought
i can't even describe how awesome this stuff is.
why some do not
you must know what your skin needs.
i didn't feel the same affect
i honestly like the product.
i didn't think much of it
all i can say is that this is my holy grail
i don't know what is so different about this product
doesn't make me break out
buy this now you wont regret it!!!
i wasn't sure what to expect but i love it.
it does just that
like some others did
i don't know why so many people give this 1 or 2 stars
maybe they aren't using it right or its not right for there skin
i really don't like it anymore
people need to remember not everything will work for every ones skin
wasn't sure this would be enough hydration for me
what i really appreciate is that i can't even tell i'm wearing it
said what the hay let me try it
right now i can't use it on it's own
it does not disappoint
i don't regret that at all
no moisturizer alone with ever be "enough" for you
i don't know what i would do without this stuff.
i will say that on it's own
it's not enough for me
it most definitely doesn't
the product does what it's supposed to
it never caused me any breakouts
it's not worth the price because i thought that as a serum would do more then just hydration
it doesn't bother me anymore
that's why i didn't give it 5 stars
it's supposed to be just one of a h
this product does exactly what a serum is intended to do it is easily
that's right and i wanted to share this with you.
broken capillaries are now so few that i am not even bothered by them much anymore
i do know i have plenty left
so the darned product takes as much maintenance as you do
if you're under 40 you probably don't need this.
i even use it when i'm not wearing any makeup
they are barely there anymore.
which i didn't even realize i had
so didn't hesitate to go for the eye cream as well
maybe it's the fact i've been using retinols
don't know if there's a *huge* difference
ask if i did something to it
now i also need to mention that i did not use this everyday
simply because i didn't want to run out of it too quickly
so i'm sure this product does make a difference!
not just for this product
you only need about 5
this did not let me breakout.
i will honestly say, i love it!
you have to make sure you use the product as directed or it won't give the best results
there is a lot of truth to "you get what you pay for"
i tried this product for several weeks because i didn't want to rush the process
you do not need 5-7 drops
tried it on anyway
t's not something that i'd use in the morning
first off, i can't believe the price of this.
not so, it's just the opposite.
not even on my nose
can wear all the makeup i want except i don't want to
can honestly say it is amazing
because somehow i imagined the results to be greasy
none of my worries came true.
i don't know how to explain it to you
it's not really as expensive as it seems
the word 'oil' just sounds like a breakout waiting to happen
i've read enough about face oils to know this shouldn't be the case
i find that this does
could not tell a difference at all
i will say this is probably overpriced
don't knock it just because you don't know what you're talking about lol
t might seems a little crazy that i love this face oil
wish it were not so expensive
there are no "miracles" out there
although i don't know what pitera is
i am not sure why this product has to cost $150
which is why i didn't give it 5 stars
if you are like me
the problem was that it didn't make me feel super moisturizer either
i didn't know how it would affect my makeup
like i do with every product i use
it doesn't make me break out
i can see this bottle lasting me a whole year so don't let the price be a concern
even when i don't get enough sleep
as if that weren't enough
which is why i call it my
let me tell you i am glad i did
i never would have bought it because of the price not knowing what to expect
if it doesn't help my fine lines i'm ok with that
with the use of this product every night i didn't even notice a peel
i wish it wasn't so pricey
this has not broke me out or cause me any irritations
for how well it does work for me i don't mind the price
my only issue is it doesn't come out of the bottle well
i decided to try because i love the original essence so much
skii is nothing like any oil i have tried.
i honestly didn't realize how much my skin needed that added moisture until i used this
no reaction to the product other than beneficialmoisture that i didn't even realize i was lacking
you don't need much
i can't wait to see what happens with continual use
i guess you really do get what you pay for
that last part makes me disagree with the idea that you can still put serums on over this
was hesitant to pull the trigger because it isn't cheap
i felt that 3 or 4 did the trick
i can say i love this product
at least that's what i keep telling myself
smell does not bother me at all.
it has a scent to it, but it doesn't bother me.
i cannot say anything bad about it except for the pricing
im on my third bottle do i have to say anything else ?
almost everything breaks me out but not this.
yes it doesn't smell great
so guys go out & buy it.. you wont regret it!
i hardly recommend it
i wish there was a body version cause i want to bathe in it
is the only thing i'm willing to splurge on
can't recommend this enough.
i didn't use a primer after i applied this
mean take that as you will
i can't live without it now.
it is actually the only algenist product that i like
i rarely buy retail lines anymore so try it before all the negative reviews turn you away
it does what's supposed to
it doesn't break me out
this is a lightweight moisturizer -- so other reviews complaining that it didn't do enough are puzzling to me
do not personally experience any irritation from this product
that you want to use it all the time
it made me not want to put it on my face
thought this might work
i am not sure exactly how it works or what it does
i don't know why people say this must be used long term to see the effects
it's not a true skin care product with cumulative effects as far as i can tell
the price is the only reason it's 4
if it didn't make a difference in my look
i only wish you could tell when you're running low
this did the trick!!
miracles don't happen overnight
try not to push it to hard down that way u can control how much u want
i honestly didn't need anywhere near as much as i had been using
i know it's not at all what it seems to be intended for
i've tried it on it's own
asked if they had anything
this one actually did the trick for me
it hasn't done anything for that
have not tried it yet
can't even see it's on the skin honestly
i honestly just saw it in the store without doing much research on it
does exactly what is says suppose to do.
i did notice a difference
it works well enough that i'm willing to deal with this
i did not give 5 because it does not make my eye bags disappear
i don't know what people are complaining about with the price
i didn't see any improvement using it for a month
while i don't expect a miracle
i don't know if it does anything
while some of the makeup came off it didn't ruin it in any way
the balm is clear so you can't easily see how far up it is
even if it doesn't prove to do much for anti-aging
it wasn't like a magic immediate fix
i knew it wasn't for me
figured if i hated it
i could always exchange it for something else
this stick does it.
i don't agree that it was useless
i am absolutely in love with this i cannot say enough good things about it
not sure if i want to buy it yet
until there's a sale at sephora i don't think i'm going to buy it because it's expensive
hope you love it as much as i do :)
i didn't even put foundation on today.
if you know what i mean
all of them didn't do enough for my dry
would try the laneige if you like this product :
this product does exactly what it claims to do!
but this one didn't make me feel painful.
it doesn't bother me really though.
didn't look so dull
exactly what it claims its suppose to do.
so 70 is not bad
the whole line doesn't work with me anyways
it did what it said it would do
however, i do think it's a little harsh.
i wasn't sure it was this
not sure if i need to get used to it or if i'm allergic
it hasn't made me break out
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars was because of the price
you don't get much at all for the price tag.
but it does work!
i didn't notice any other benefit though.
if i don't used this i can see the difference in my skin
i don't know that i will ever go to another soap
i don't think i'll ever stop using this.
i can't be without it
i see a difference after one use no joke.
i can't live without it.
i seriously cannot live without this facewash.
it doesn't take much or long
since i have been using this i do not break out anymore
i would say maybe from the bottom of your h
i did not want to spend $12 on a bar of soap
that's why i follow up with an oil
but otherwise, this was just what my skin needed.
i cannot believe the difference in my skin
didn't irritate my skin whatsoever
this soap did not let me down
decided to try it on my back/shoulders because i didn't want to just toss it
i didn't notice anything special upon removing this mask
i usually do it at night
i cannot say enough about this product.
i would not even know about this product
just ask someone on sephora to help you or use skin iq
it does exactly what it says it will do.
this one actually does what it promises
for those of you who dont know
i can't think of a negative thing to say!
they were too good to ignore
agree with everyone else
i am not sure if my skin actually looks firm
only thing is it doesn't last as long as i would like
plus i can control just how much glowing i want to do
that i really can't just put this on
i don't think it did much for me
so maybe my opinion will change
this product does just that for my skin
it doesn't break me out
i don't ever want to be without this product.
i reeeaaaally didn't want to love this mask
does what it says it does
i couldn't believe it!
i can't spend $125 on it
so wish i could afford it!
it works so people buy it anyway
wish it wasn't so pricy tho:
for me i'm willing to put up with the smell for what it does for my skin
i bet i could find a mask that does the same thing
did exactly what it said it would
u fortunately i think i'm going to have to save up
f you're someone who is very sensitive to fragrance you may want to give it a miss
didn't want to love it due to the price tag
it did everything it claimed to do in one use.
i can't say it feels any firmer
the reason why im giving it 5 stars is because it instantly does brighten my eyes
i love this already for everything else that it does
i don't usually leave reviews unless the product is miraculous so here it is
can't say enough good things about this.
i dont know why theres a lot of bad reviews on this
i could tell a difference
it never disappoint me
i only have good things to say about it
does not cause the appearance of oil
if i didn't know better
if you are wanting to try k-beauty
i can't think of anything to say negative as the product is perfect on my skin
nothing bad to say about it
this product doesn't break me out at all.
that's the only thing i'd change about it
if it's not giving you that
you wouldn't do that every day because it was intense
and no, it's not that hard.
you aren't wasting any product
there is not any burn
after i did it a couple of times i find it not so easy
it works very well if you use it in the shower like how they did in the video in the product description
i didn't think one would be enough
doesn't come with alot
i am not sure about it
it's not too bad
it does do what is claims to do
at first i wasn't sure what to do with these
this probably isn't what the instructions say
its what i did
if that bothers you i 'm afraid you will not like this
i personally don't think this is heavy enough for me to use at night
because i just don't think i can trust any other primer for that area except for my smashbox primer
as this does it all
this does it all
that's what i did.
my make up did not sink in to them
do not rub it in
this product does exactly what it says it does
i figured id try it anyway
i dont say that lightly
so you'd think i have some little wrinkies
can't wait to try more from this line<3
you will not regret it!
the product doesn't claim to mattify
i will say i don't think i see all these great skin benefits the product claims
i don't necessarily need to even wait for it to set before applying my foundation
i can't imagine what my routine was like before this
if you know how to use it, you'll love it.
does what it says
then i said let's do it
do not waste any
i am the type of person that can never see a difference when using products
this primer really does what it claims to do
i can't say enough good things about this
friends are asking me how i did it
i can see foundation being a mess if you dont let this dry out completely
though i am not totally convinced that this product applies better than other primers i have used
it's everything it says it will be
and i never say that!
i do not have to worry all day long
also this does nothing
as i can't seem to find a single primer that works well for me
i don't think i will
i wouldn't necessary tell someone that they shouldn't buy this product
this is the only one that i can say works like magic
this did not make me break out
guessing that the people who hate this
didn't use it correctly
if you know how to apply this primer
i did my research
i've never used anything that makes my makeup last as long as this did
i still don't understand how this is possible.
i don't think you are supposed to need moisturizer too
i wasn't sure what to expect from this, but wow!
my makeup does not move
this does not break me out
i couldn't figure out how to apply.
let me tell you, i love it now.
i simply love it!!
although i did not feel the 'corset' affects of the product
simply saying that it is perfect for my skin type
this product is probably not for everyone
i didn't feel the tightening feeling others mentioned
that doesn't bother me
i never thought i could ever rid that problem.
you can get them anywhere
doesn't give me life changing results
i do see a difference in my skin when i don't use it
don't go overboard like i did
i didn't have any sensitivity or acne or anything like that
not saying it works miracles or anything
it really didn't take long to see results
it wasn't as difficult as i thought it would be.
when i do use this product
it really doesn't take that much time to use
t's not a mask that you buy
maybe that's only a problem for me
it also helps to mattify my skin which i can never get enough of
i don't mean bad
i just mean that you can definitely smell it before you use it
let me tell you... it's amazing.
not only do i enjoy using this mask
there's not much to say about this other than my skin has reacted violently to every other moisturizer i have ever tried
you need to try this
i gotta say after 2 months of consistent use i still have a lot of the bottle left
you honestly dont need a lot of it.
get the money back if it doesn't work
i can't speak for long term effects
recommend it for sure.
i think this could work wonders for you
not with this stuff
i will say that it does sting a little if you have like a scratch
it's not bad at all
ing in the shower so why not use some of that time on my skin
it doesn't hurt in anyway
i don't know how, but it works!
you do not need to use a great amount to get results
they did not disappoint
try this, you will not be sorry!
i don't know if i'm imagining it
i honestly didn't expect much
either one of those products alone doesn't do that for me
was also not expecting that lol
each time i used it i did not see a big difference in my skin
did not help with the bit of acne i had both times
personally i didn't find that this product changed or did anything worthy to my skin to make me want to repurchase
not sure what all the hype is about
i can't testify to any long term effects
i cannot believe how clear my face is
i would use this everyday if i could
you don't need a lot in order for it to work.
i know someone that has compared the smell to dettol-
the scent is strange thats why i only give it 3
did not have that problem at all with this mask
it does seem to go a long way.
not for this mask anyway
i couldn't stop feeling my face because it's never felt so smooth before
i simply love this product!
i can't remember the last time it felt that way
which i don't mind
it didn't really do anything amazing for my skin
i didn't really notice any tightening
yes it is pricey
i dont know how long this will last
to me it's a sign that it's working
it really does what it says it does
didn't mess up my foundation
i swore i could not tell a difference because i still saw shine
that's when i noticed these do work!
know i don't have this problem
what i loved the most about this product wasn't a promise to mattify
when i used this alone i didn't like the results as well it did not make me look matte
can't give it all of the credit
controls my oil but unfortunately not all day.
needless to say i was immediately sold
i didn't even have to blot my face!
i couldn't believe it
the first thing i want to mention is
it seems if you want anything
it's was like the shine never happened
which probably doesn't help
i can't even right now, this is amazing!!!!!
i do not have to blot
this is exactly the product i needed in my routine
how many times have you heard someone say "you can use this over foundation/makeup
it does in fact disturb or move your makeup?this product surprisingly does not
now, i can't live without it!
could not think of why all the sudden i was receiving all these compliments
it's true when they say that you get what you pay for
my skin looks so good that i don't even need a primer anymore
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
this hasn't bothered my skin at all
i appreciate that this does not have a bunch of fillers
you will love it!
i will say that i don't notice a huge difference in fine lines
don't think this is meant to treat them
couldn't stop saying "wow" i've been having dark circles for awhile
now i don't even need it thanks to this cream
you can use it 360
i did not enjoy how pricey this eye cream was
i didn't really notice a difference
i will say that this one did in terms of making me look less tired
i do not regret this purchase.
i don't consider the price point too bad
i've yet to find something that does what it claims to do
don't get me wrong it's not a miracle worker
it doesn't hurt that it's less than $100
a product that actually does what it claims.
love this stuff alone
this does not have a strong smell to it
though i can't say if i can tell it's helping with fine lines
until they added an awful fragrance which did not agree with my sensitive skin
i am not sure why some think 70
it works wonders as my make up base that i dont even bother with a primer
i don't break out
i worried it wouldn't be heavy duty enough
did not feel greasy during the day
it did not make my skin react
that would not make me break out
it actually works wonders.
i can't say i see any dramatic difference
i didn't have any problems with breakouts though
this did not bother it at all
it didn't break me out
my face doesn't feel sry whatsoever.
i love it and can't recommend it enough.
i guess i don't drink enough water.
but i don't mind that.
i can't wait to try it!
you've got nothing to lose.
makeup since the late 1960 i was there so do have something to compare to
the most important thing is you never know how much you've used
don't want to use it for the whole summer
not lying when i say that out of all the moisturizers i've tried at sephora
i don't know what kind of science went behind making this stuff
claims about it that never seem to work
doesn't have anything extra that it doesn't need
if i use one bad product
gentle that i have not had any issues
this has not caused me to breakout
i didn't realize how soft my skin could be until i started using this
i couldn't possibly replicate it
it's really not like any other moisturizer i have tried
trust me when i say coz i am some one who would not continue with a product if i am even 90% happy
might purchase considering you don't need much
this didn't cause that
i am hesitant to give it 5 stars because it's so darn expensive
i actually would like to take a bath on it
i can't see how 21 year olds would really benefit or see results from a anti-angling product line like this
nothing about this is making me need to go out
guess it was just a purge stage
i can't get enough of de!
this does wonders for me
don't worry if you get a breakout after you first use this
not just for the night for what
i don't really think it s pricy or anything
at first i felt it didn't do anything special
the only thing i wish they changed was the scent
that's what i did
change my skin the way this cream did it is sothick
you can't go wrong with the cute packaging
even though some people say it's light
i wouldn't say it's great
it did not break me out
this did not cause any problems
the other drunk elephants did not work for me
can't even feel i have it on
everything i could want or need in a day moisturizer
figured i'd try this one
it's exactly what my skins been missing.
if you want to give this product a try
i never want to stop using it.
i don't notice any problems with that
if you know what that means.
i don't look tired anymore.
i don't know what made me try this on my eyelids
i can't believe i've actually found something that works
neither does the belief one either
i can't wait to try more
i love the fact that you do not have to touch the product with your fingers
as it's impossible to tell how much product is left until you run out
it did not cause any breakouts
this does exactly what it claims to do
no one will know you're an absolute disaster inside
which i don't mind
it doesn't provide a whole lot of coverage
ok this is small but you don't need a lot of it.
it's dare i say perfect?
do i need this in my life?
it's not enough for me to repurchase
no matter what i used
i do not have acne
i don't think i use it the same as everyone else
while that may not seem like a long time for a trial
if nothing else, just try a sample
it doesn't break me out when i use it as a mix-in
this does everything it says it will
only reason it doesn't get 5 stars: price
not to mention the amazing smell, i love it all!
it does everything asked of it
this is not the case
i cannot even begin to explain how much i love this product
i didn't really like how that worked out.
my only question, why in a jar?
you can't go wrong with any of their products
i didn't notice a difference at first
i didn't try it for a while because i was not really feeling the hype of all these illumination products
i must say, it's now one of my favorites.
i put off trying it because i didn't think i'd like it since it gave glow
it's not as amazing as i thought it would be
this just didn't live up to my expectations.
so glad i got this in my play box because i wouldn't have tried this otherwise
this did the trick
it didn't break my skin out either.
i agree it's a bit much
wish it wasn't in a jar: it's messy
but, i love it anyway...
however, i do love this product.
would've never known about it if it weren't for my play box sample
it's just not professional
maybe try something else?
don't want to deal with foundation
now i have to say the smell is what does it for me
that's exactly what this gives
i just can't bring myself to drop that much on any beauty product
it does work wonders on my skin
definitively try it out for yourself
i actually like it
i won't use anything else now.
thought the color wouldn't fully match me
i would not wear this alone on my skin
not only does it smell amazing
but i like this.
so don't get it if that's what you want it for
this didn't keep me matte all day though.
i know people complain about the price point
i can't live without it
current blemishes that i didn't get coverage i wanted
that's what matters to me
i for sure recommend you try it!
which i don't mind at all
it did not make me break out
let me tell you
wasn't getting the job done anymore
i honestly don't know what i will do if this eye cream ever goes away
knowing i could return anything to any sephora
i can't to wait to try more!
i actually like it
i would 100% recommend this to anyone.
i didn't hear anyone talking about this oil
i do not love the smell
it does not bother me either
there should be no reaction
i didn't try it until today
the reasoning of which i will never know
i don't use at night because i don't think you can use on eyes
it doesn't leave any film on my face like some others i've tried
anything else from my face
it did not manage to remove everything
it cannot get enough of this stuff
all i can say is thank you
don't see why i would seek out another cleanser
let me tell you
it does not try the skin like others have said.
doesn't really have a smell to it
anything else you need removed
i cannot recommend this enough.
if you know you won't want to deal with the mess
i would say skip it
doesn't break me out
i didn't expect to love this
of course it didn't let me down.
love that it's not crazy expensive
wish i could use it everyday
i am not a fan of the smell though
while it does the job
did not break me out.
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because there's nothing that completely blew me away about it
the price isn't too bad either.
my skin just does what it wants
well, now i can't live without it!!
would definently recommend this product.
it's set at such a great price that you can't go wrong
love the product but do not like the smell.
if you are wanting to see quick
even though it does say moisturizer
i do not find that it 'blurs' my blemishes as it claims to
i didn't realize that this could be used as both a moisturizer
don't have to think about primer
in my opinion it doesnt have any smell.
i admit to not being the most kind to my face
this thing did not irritate my skin
i didn't expect to love it, but i do!
honestly don't need to even wear makeup when i'm wearing this though
i wasn't sure what to expect from this- when i first put it on i thought oh okay this isn't going to really do much
i didn't think i was going to love this but woow!
i didn't think i would like this
psa: you do not need a lot of it.
this didn't work for me" well duh
why spend all my money on things that won't do the job
we'll let me just say this product is never leaving my makeup bag
let me just say
look into something else
while this product doesn't accomplish this alone
alone it didn't fully deliver
i know it's sort of insinuated with the "hydroblur"
it's just not at all
i know they've got other primers already
i think they'd be better off if they just took the confusing "moisturizer" wording out of this product because people who buy it for that are going to be disappointed
it doesn't smell either which i really like.
i don't like that it doesn't have spf though.
box and figured why not.
not just one product fits all my needs
i've went through god knows how many failed moisturizers
i wish the price wasn't so
what can you do when it's the one product that works with you?
this is not for you
can see the difference
didn't break me out.
i don't know why this is getting bad reviews
it's different, but not necessarily bad.
i am not sure if it's something i need enough to spend the money
a part of me does want to buy it
this product should be called pep-start mattify-prime because that's what it actually does
i don't get as much sleep as i should
i don't notice how much it works until i don't use it
it does not pill
does not leave a film
this mosturizer did the trick!
i realized i didn't like it
i actually love it
when i say i'm never using any other type of moisturizer
i would have thought the "all-in-one" thing was a gimmick
this one is just enough to leave you wanting more
not to mention, my skin loves it.
it does what it claims
i find that it doesn't break me out
it's not for everyone or everything.
for the price point figured why not
i happen to like it
i love the smell (it's not for everyone).
i can't go a day without it.
it's not even a joke
didn't make me break out
it didn't give me bumps.
everything else about it
i like that i can use it all over
i would say that this is an amazing product
so we'll have to see
i mean its just 'amazing'
you will love it... :)
at first i wasn't sure about the scent
t didn't take a lot for my face
i wish they made a perfume out of it!!
5 things in 1 i mean who wouldn't?
it has an intetesting texture which i cannot describe you just have to try it
almost has no scent from what i can tell
i cannot remember how she made it
i am not going to lie
that was not the case for me
i will warn that the scent might not be for everyone
that's all i think anyone wants
i highly recommend trying it first because some reviews say they hate the smell
the thought of a product called "egg" anything was not that appealing
this product does what it says and it works!
the texture didn't bother me nearly as much
so that still might be a huge thing for someone else
also the smell is not bad like everyone has been mentioning
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
i don't know why reviewers say greasy ?
this product is something i would think a teenager would use
didn't give it a chance
you need to give it a try yourself so you don't miss out on this amazing cream
the smell didn't bother me like some reviewers.
this moisturizer did not do this to my skin
it doesn't smell as good as i'd imagined
it doesn't break me out
i do not ever wear foundation or anything that has to be sitting on my face
once you get the hang of it there's nothing stopping you
where else can you get this ingredient combo?
does not make me break out
nope not with this
you can't replace it-so better take good care of it
not sure if it matters
although it is pricey i know that i will use the whole bottle
all i can say is amazing
i don't think this is something i could live without
obviously i can't go without this
i don't know why it would cause breakouts for others
this did not break me out what so ever
never would i have thought that it would change my skin
does not cause breakouts
i can tell a difference
i honestly could use this without make up.
as a sephora employee i don't fall in love with a lot
nothing works i should just try it
i find you have to let it sit on your skin
i did not expect to like this
i would go for something not as heavy as this
i don't know how
you're not sure what would work for you
i would really urge you to go for this one
even before any sort of primer
i must say i prefer this one
i honestly gave up on products for my skin until i tried this
j can see why it was the same for me
i normally just let it air out before i start applying everything else
if you don't like that kind of feeling
you won't like this
i wouldn't really call this a "glotion"
i do notice a difference
this is not really a problem for me because i only use this moisturizer before i apply makeup
i do notice that it has a smell
i am not sure if i like it just yet
doesn't last long at all
just like anything from tatcha
i mean when i first used the sample i put as much as i would with a cream
the only reason i didn't give it five stars was because it is pricey
it didn't work for me
you won't regret it
is actually great for someone who doesn't like to wear makeup because it balances
it does exactly what it says it does
i don't mind it at all though if i decide to wear this by itself
it turns out that it's just what i need
i found that if i apply too much it does not absorbed completely
i cannot believe that this came through for me
we all know they don't
not sure about that
i can't say much for the brightening effects just yet
wasn't sure if it would make me break out or not
it's definitely not the size of my last one
my skin hasn't gotten "used to it" i always see immediate results when i use it
i don't use all the time
not 5 star for me
not sure how i ever lived without this.
a mask when you want it to be
when i come across a product that blows me away i feel it's necessary
i hate having to spend 20 min just trying to get all the product off my face which you don't have to do with this
easy to use it does exactly as it says
i wish more people would go
i didn't expect to love it so much.
this did not cause any problems
i don't know why
i can't quite put my finger on why i love it so much lol
this stuff does not make me break out
not sure it does anything
just like everyone else i tried the small version of this first
i would recommend it to everyone for sure
the gel because i didn't want to spend the money on a product i wasn't going to use
t's not going to hurt your face
i didn't feel many beads wasn't harsh at all
i just want to warn people not to press too hard with it so you don't scratch your skin
i didn't get a lot of acne
i wasn't sure i would like it
really cannot say enough good things about this.
i cannot recommend it enough!
it does what it says it does.
although many other people seem to think it doesn't last long
i can tell you if you aren't stupid you can use it for awhile
not the case with this!
i literally can't put on foundation anymore unless i use the frxxxtion stick first
although i did like this product
cannot brag enough about this product!
i can't say i notice a difference
i can tell that it clarifies my skin.
i would've never tried it otherwise
let it sit for 10 min or so
so this is my first review for anything ever because this product so deserves it
i didn't even use it as a mask which it says you can do
if you're not careful you could fly through a whole stick in one use
just can't see myself buying it
this isn't something i would use every day
that didn't do much for me
i wouldn't use it every day
i did not approve
just in case anyone gets offended by skin care,.
but it didnt bother me at all.
it isn't bad once you get used to it
i love that fact that sephora can give you sample that way you don't feel like you've wasted money on a product that doesn't work for you skin
i think it's a great product if you can h
my guess is these people aren't putting enough on that's why it may be harder for them to get it off
i encourage people to give this a try if that's what you want to do
this seems like it won't
it did not hurt me removing it.
not sure how it hurt other people
i didn't want to take it off!
this mask may not be for everyone
i actually like the smell
it doesn't come off in one go
because i never have any problems with my forhead
this did not hurt at all like most face masks do to me
i suggest this to everyone
it doesn't last for long
this mask did not disappoint
"oh it doesn't seem bad at all"
it does wonders for my skin
you will love what it does for your skin
i didn't let her use it
that i can't stress enough
i didn't notice a difference in pore size
just like the directions say though
she also reassured me i could return the product if i didn't like it
haven't found any that i've liked until i tried this one
people talk about the smell
i honestly haven't noticed it
each didn't really absorb
this one doesn't do that
light enough for everywhere else
would never use anything else
it's exactly right for those of us who struggle with dry skin
i almost didn't want to like this cream because it's pretty pricey
which i couldn't find for awhile
i can't live without it
i don't think i can
they wont come out or anything if you're worried about flower pieces coming out
in case you were wondering
it's the only thing that makes me not want to use this
we just can't say that this smells good on the face
do not work for me.
i can't get enough of this stuff.
doesn't bother me too much
after my trip to korea i wasn't sure if i would find it anywhere
i break out when i even look at some products the wrong way
a stand alone cleanser it is not.
this one doesn't at all
my skin does not break out from it.
at first i didn't think it did much
just dont get it in your eyes
that you can actually see at the bottom
i do not recommend anybody buy things from that br
if my face doesn't like one
i never break out anymore.
which i happen to like
this one is something else
it does not dilute right away
i would repurchase this if i do not find anything better
i would honestly reccomend this for all skin types
i can never seem to find a balance.
i can't get enough of it!
i can't say that it completely stopped my acne
this did not disappoint
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
unfortunately it lost a star because i didn't find it to be clarifying at all
it doesn't make me break out!
over all, i do like it.
you can actually tell a difference at first use.
didn't notice much of a difference to justify the price
this one didn't do that
would recommend it to anyone
i liked that it didn't take too long to dry
this mask does exactly that
i feel u have to use a lot so not sure how long the jar will last honestly
i couldn't believe it.
i suppose this would work for them too
can hardly see them even when i smile big
we do get what we pay for
i liked it because it did exactly what it said it was going to do
can't wait to see the long term results.
i seriously never thought i'd find a face mask to do what i want
it's been embarrassing cause i broke out like crazy lately
i did not break out
it's definitely a must have!
i wish there was spf, though.
but this moisturizer did not do that!
it didn't give me break outs
no hassel whatsoever with this one.
honestly it doesn't do anything to keep oil at bay
first i didn't know how is going to work for him
thought why not give it a try
well let me tell you
i think this is supposed to be for men
before i would legit blot by like 8:30 am
can't go without it
i can't say i saw any changes to my skin because i didn't receive enough of the product to sample
this didn't have any miracle over night fix or result
did not like the results
just like the bottle's directions say
spf if you want
it doesn't break me out
thinking i would try it
return if i didn't like it
it doesn't break me out at all
just don't think people are paying close enough attention
i just happened to look on glow's
i don't think they sell this anymore
not sure if that's normal or not?
what's not to love about this product?
can't live without it!!!!
i can't live without this product.
let me tell you
which i didn't realize at first
i know it does the job for me
it's the only cleansing oil that i've tried where i didn't feel like i needed to immediately wash my face
this will not disappoint!
this one doesn't at all
i couldn't believe how well it took off everything
i couldn't believe how well it removed my make up
'd say if you've got the money
i guess i didn't know what to expect
i might just not be using the product right.
it didn't break out my skin
then something else to wash my face
it's not horrendous either
you won't be sorry you did.
all i can say is i am in love.
wow i love it so much defiantly gonna buy full size
this product does just that
i can't say enough about it.
can't wait to get it
all be dammed if they didn't suck me back in with this one
you do not need to with this one
however, i do not see any dewiness or glow.
since i do not wear makeup
the only con i would say is that it does slightly burn my eyes
but try it for yourself.
i do want to try everything in this line from lancome
it has been dull lately so thats why i decided to try this
i didn't mind the scent before
since i don't use foundation i can not speak to that
at first i couldn't tell that anything was happening
after not doing it one night
i don't mind at all
i can't say enough good things abot this product.
the only thing i would change about it is the name
i think if used alone it wouldn't give enough hydration
this would be important because i wouldn't want to waste any just because it came out too fast
i did not have any issues wearing this under my makeup
i don't use it every day
i didn't notice any immediate skin care benefits
i love it and now can't live without!!
i personally don't mind the scent
i do the same thing at night
i don't use much
even had strangers ask me for the name of my moisturizer :
i don't have to find another one
you can't feel it on.
it can't be seen.
don't want to end up with something different
i will never use anything else
which i do neither
this didn't break me out or react to my skin at all
which i did love
you won't be afraid to look to repurchase
i love this moisturizer because it does exactly what i need it to do
i don't like having to wait 10
which is so not helpful when i'm in a quick rush to do my makeup in the morning
i wish i liked it more bc it did such a good job on the t-zone
but sadly it just doesn't work for me.
doesn't break me out either.
i imagine that if you wear foundation this might almost help act like a primer
i don't wear foundation so don't trust me on that without testing yourself
not sure if it lasts 8 hours.
this doesn't do much for them
please never get rid of this product!
i can never find a moisturiser that won't break me out
this one does the job
theres nothing negative to say about this product
has spf- did i say matte already?
does exactly what it purports to do
they didn't have the product in stock
love this doesn't break me out
yes the other reviews are true that this does not give you a ton of moisture
does not break me out
this might not be for you
i can't say enough about what it does for me
i can't live without this now!
doesn't break me out
i notice a huge difference when i don't use it.
try it you wont regret it.
this has not done that at all
see if it works for you
you can't beat it
however i'm starting to notice that it's slacking now that i'm used to it
hey at least they are not getting worse
this does the trick
it doesn't feel like you're wearing anything.
this stuff does exactly what it says it will do.
i would actually give it a 3
honestly with this i maybe have to once
does what it says.
i hope sephora never discontinues this because i dont think i will ever find a moisturizer as good as this one
although it doesn't quite last 8 hours for me
i also like that it doesn't really have a fragrance
really hoping sephora didn't stop making it!
good price.cons: can't really think of any.
this product did mattify my skin
wearing this same foundation alone i would be dissing my face a few times a day
this is honestly the only moisturizer that doesn't make me break out
it's only just about to run out
it also says what it does
this would not be good for someone who does
amazingly i did not have one breakout
but if i did i would skip this.
don't know what the bad reviews come from
i didnt even want to wear make up
didn't stay that way
this product does exactly what it says it does
not bad at all for the price!
yet it doesn't break me out
this really did the trick to wipe off whatever makeup i had left
this didn't irritate them at all
at first i didn't think it felt all that cooling
at least i know it's working
this product does what it says.
it does as it says.
dont know if ill invest in a full size when im done
it's never gone away
or at least for me it doesn't
this oil does wonders
you wouldn't believe me when i say i already see a huge difference
i swear that's no reason to not use it
that's the only reason for 4 stars
i guess job stress, etc.
it is not exactly fast acting
it is not harsh at all.
to which i would always scoff.
say it's stopped my breakouts altogether or that my skin is now perfect because that's not the case
i did notice a purge
it's not the end of the world.
i can't say enough good things about this product
i mean, think about that.
the first thing you should know is that this oil's smell is not for everyone
i actually kind of like it
i wish it wasn't so expensive
acne is not much of an issue anymore :-)
i can already tell such an amazing difference after one week that i felt compelled to write it now
everything the prescribed i was either allergic to or it just didn't work
that alone makes this oil worth having because i've never found anything that clears up those bumps as well as this does
i wish it weren't so pricey
you get what you pay for
i cannot tell you how much i love this product.
i cant even explain the excitement i feel recommending this to other people because i had struggled with my skin for 15 years
i can't really put into words how much this has changed my skin
i didn't have any issues with my skin
i don't even know where to start.
i am not kidding.
i couldn't believe it.
i can't even tell my skin was having issues
nothing would fix them
alas it is not
i cannot say enough good things
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i genuinely cannot say enough good things about this product
honestly i'm used to it at this point
please never stop making this product!!!!
i don't have money to blow
doesn't stop me from using it at all
after several uses you wont even notice it
that is enough for me
not as horribly as i would before
i could not believe it.
the only thing it said that it didn't do was get rid of the blackheads
i think it's because i haven't used it long enough
did not purge at all
this did not do that
i didn't expect it to either
don't try to skip steps like me.
i just don't want to be without an extra
when i wouldn't use it i would notice that my skin did not look as good
don't do what i did.
i honestly can't even remember the last time a product did this much good for my skin
doesn't sting anywhere even when i break out
it didn't take me long to get used to it
i actually cannot believe the results.
she have not used anything else since for acne control
it won't bother you
so this does wonders for my skin
my skin was so clear i didn't even need face makeup
also it doesn't just "sit" on the face.
turns out i was just using the wrong products!
you won't regret this purchase.
'm not sure if its the fact that i've hit 30
after a week i don't really need make-up anymore
trust me.desperate me: okay fine let's do it.
all i have to say about this oil is wow.
let me preface by saying that i have never had clear skin ever in memory
should not stop you from trying this product
i would never guessed that dry oil could actually work
didn't have any expectations for this going into it
i honestly can't rave enough about this product
you won't be sorry
can't live without this stuff.
i don't think i would ever put this under makeup.
i can't believe how much this has improved my acne
you get used to it i don't think it's a deal breaker
it's not really so bad that you can't leave it on
i don't care what is in it
all i know is that it works
if you were like me with impossible "older" skin issues
who cares about that if it works
however i do love the product
it does everything it claims too
i can honestly say i've finally found my holy grail for acne products
i personally am not bothered by the fragrance
let me tell you
i actually love it
this didn't cause breakouts
that doesn't bother me at all
nothing bad happened when i used it
maybe it does more that i cant even see?
i wish it wasn't so pricey, though!
this mask does what it says -- after using
so why not the full 5 stars?
that's what mask do right?
then you may hate it
this product does exactly what it says it does!
why am i on sephora right now when i have a gazillion other things to do?
i don't know if it's worth the $$$ for the whole thing
when i say this was my life
i mean you should focus what it does instead of judging texture
i will keep using it no matter what
this one doesn't disappoint either
not enough to make me not use it
why people are complaining about the texture
you will wash it of after anyway
not only does it smell amazing
if i could i would
to the person who said it wouldn't come off
you don't want to leave it on too long
how ever this might be something i can talk myself into splurging on
this did not irritate it at all
i can't say enough good things about fresh
i didn't even wear makeup one day
it does everything it claims to do
this mask did everything it claims to do.
it does exactly what it says
i don't know why everyone is making a stink about the texture
it's really not that bad.
wish it wasn't so pricey!!
if it weren't so expensive i might actually buy it
what i don't like about this mask is the consistency
because i don't see any results
i honestly wasn't expecting much from this when i first got it as a sample
i didn't break out
will recommend this to anyone and everyone!!!
if you aren't, this isn't the product for you.
i don't mind it.
but i wasn't expecting any miracles.
didn't think it would make a huge difference
if you like the idea, you will probably enjoy it.
let's stop kidding ourselves, people.
i am sure makeup can cover it.
it you get this one anywhere
make sure you do not get any on your hair or shirt
i didn't see immediate results
i don't think i would buy this
i can't say anything bad about it besides that
i would not recommend at all
so i would have to say this stuff is a keeper!
in this case i decided to give it a try anyway because i really needed neck cream
to know what did i do
i did not change anything else in my routine
does not break me out
this never did that
i can't believe it
it doesn't work over night
i can't give an overall review on this product since it's the first time i'm trying it
i don't get why everyone hates the scent it's really not bad at all to me
it didn't look brown or anything like some others have complained about
i wish it wasn't so pricey
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars
i don't mind since it doesn't show up on skin as far as i noticed
didn't use it at all for a long time
i noticed that when i do this
not magical eye cream/ cause that doesn't exist unfortunately lol
you won't regret it!
it's not make-up
did i mention very
not a fan of this personally
i honestly don't have really no negative reviews on this product because it does do what it promotes i just did not expect the formula
this stuff did not break me out at all!!!
big tip people do not seem to follow
i wasn't expecting much from this mask.
this definitely didn't give me instant results
i can only imagine what repeated use of this will do
what more can you ask for?
i don't even feel like i have any problem areas anymore
it doesn't really have a smell
i do not notice any sparkles in it.
i don't know if it's a must have
f your not a fan of that then this may not be for you
i recently noticed that it just didn't appear to be doing anything for me anymore
i dare say this will last me for a very long time
i can't believe it took me this long to find this cleanser
you don't need much at all
doesn't bother my eyes or anything
did i get all of it off?"
didn't really know what to do about blackheads
i could never use anything else again
it didn't really clear my skin
although my breakouts aren't gone i do see less.
let me tell you
but i tried this and wow.
thank you belif, you've done it again!
not the case with belif's!
please don't ever stop making this!!
you can see results as you use it.
i couldn't ask for a better product!
i wanted something not drying
if you wondered also- dont worry.
does when i use my foreo
pretty sure i can't live without this mask now!
this did the trick
had i not known it was supposed to do that i would've freaked
didn't see that much of a difference
i didn't really notice a huge difference
i didn't see instant results
if you've ever used that product
i must say thought
'm stopping this other product which isn't helping anyway
i didn't feel much of a difference in my skin
it didn't leave it red
now i can't guarantee it for everyone since everybody has different reactions to products
i cannot say enough good things about this mask or possibly recommend it highly enough
i like how you don't need to keep it on long.
i would recommend this to anyone.
i don't know if i can justify the price of this product though
at first i wasn't sure if it actually will remove makeup
i like that it didn't leave any residue.
i really couldn't believe it.
i tried it anyway.
when people ask me for skin care advice
i feel like it didn't do anything
you don't need nearly as much as you think you do
'm not sure if it had anything to do with it
you will not regret it!
didn't break me out at all
i don't know if it has done anything to actually help my acne
this didn't break me out
can't believe you're at home
i can't believe i'm saying it
the only thing i will say is don't put this on your face while its wet
can't live without it now
this is an amazing product that you won't regret buying
whoever said that you shouldn't put honey on your face is wrong
it's a must have for sure!
i didn't like it very much until one day i r
it still does it's job
let me tell you
i couldn't believe this product actually worked.
i still can't believe it.
which i don't think is something it even claims to do
honestly it doesn't smell like anything
this one does not say use overnight on directions
i do occasionally anyway
i can't say enough about this mask.
it's how one would want their face to always look without any makeup on
me being the dumb person that i am
i didn't use much other than this cleanser
if you want a quick fix i would recommend trying the kit thats a sample kit thats $35
could not seem to find something that actually works
note: obviously changes won't happen over night
how it may not help someone with acne that's bad
i don't want to speak too soon
even when i do get a breakout within 24 hours it's gone
if you've tried everything it's worth a try.
i've noticed if you don't use it for a night
not exactly seeing the results everyone else seems to get
this product does what it says!
i couldn't agree more
it's not a miracle worker
this does the trick!
the formula works so well that it's not a big issue
even though they work miracles
i do believe that it does help
couldn't wait to use this
i like that because those ones usually hurt.
i can't say enough good things!
let me count the ways in which i love you
like nothing had ever happened
i can honestly say
i don't know why this product has so many bad reviews
get this if you're like me
don't know what i would do without it.
and with that price you really can't beat it.
i couldn't agree more
who cares when you have clear skin in the morning
no matter what i have tried
get this product you will not be sorry!
i don't think it does much for new acne breakout
if you can get past the fact that it smells like a toot
not sure why the smell would keep anyone away from this since it actually works
you do not need a lot of product
do not go overboard!!
loved it when i did
was not too sure how this product would work when i ordered it
i'll never go without this stuff
that's what it takes
if others don't work for me
this stuff doesn't break me out
t does not hurt the eyes
that's not what i use it for
neck if you want
i will say i do not use this product to remove makeup at all
this cleanser is just what i needed.
this has honestly made such an improvement with just 1 use
if i didn't already love this brand!!
this week i couldn't even look at my skin
didn't expect much to be honest
it doesn't how ever give me a glowing look
i can't imagine my life without it anymore
i didn't get any new breakouts
don't worry about this product
for a while i didn't think it was doing anything
this product does exactly what it says
i actually like the smell of this product
it does exactly what it said
let me tell you it's amazing
i can't go without it
can i just say yassssssssss and yassssssss.
i don't know what i would do without this now!
this is another great ren product that does exactly what it says
i am your typical person that does not get enough water in a day so unfortunately my skin suffers greatly from that
this did not irritate my skin at all!
it doesn't show any difference at first
it didn't make me breakout
just did not clean well enough for me
this did not pass
i can't wait to see prolonged results
what more could you ask for?
i only used this cleansing oil tonight with nothing else
i don't know if it's just me
moreover, this did not break me out.
nothing bad to say about it.
i didn't have to rub hard at all
you won't regret it.
i would normally break out from something like these
i won't go without these ever!
i recommend that you give them a try.
it does not come off
i actually had to hide this one cause he wants to use it without me
so, it's good but i'll not repurchase.
don't bother you rub it in then of course you won't like it because you're not using it correctly
at first i wasn't sure
and it did nothing for her.
i only wish it wasn't so expensive!
you'll be happy you bought this one
t couldn't possibly impress me even more
it didn't bother me a bit
you have to try it to believe it
doesn't have a "wow" effect after using
i would not willingly buy this
maybe if i had a gift card or something
you'd be surprised at how much of the black residue is still there even though you can't see it
if you don't it's almost impossible to get the product off
so the answer is yes, it works!!!
i don't think i can live without this.
perhaps they weren't told the proper way to use it
it's not at all
yes you have to follow the directions
i must say i did not have high hopes for it
i honestly have nothing bad to say about this product
you dont need much to apply
it did not break me out nor leave meoily
i didn't know what to expect.
i guess is how you could describe it
clearly didn't follow directions
if you follow the simple directions there will not be a mess
why do i want it so bad?
now i know it's because so many people are going to buy the full size
just buy it anyway
it's hard to notice anything out of the ordinary
i didn't really intend on using
i got curious enough to try it as a night mask
this did not make me break out
i didn't expect it to work so well.
i noticed they didn't put this in the description box
easy enough for me!
couldn't find a product that would help
i can honestly say i've seen a difference in my skin
this one does it all!
it doesn't matter if its even
i wish i could use it everyday
i could have done without it
this is the only thing that's made a difference in my skin that you can see without makeup
that is why they tell you to use with a moisturizer
can't imagine living without this
i know you're not supposed to pick
didn't affect me at all
need to go buy more the packaging is heavy so don't let that fool you into thinking you have a lot left
yes it is pricey
you really can't travel with it
the cleanser did not disappoint
this is a face wash i do not regret buying
it's not too crazy
i can't get enough of it
does the job and doesn't rip off.
at first i was kinda iffy if i want to spend $30 ish bucks on something i didn't know would work for me
i don't think it's making me breakout.
not only does it smell amazing
which is not something i was expecting
so figured i would like this product
however, this product did not seem to do that.
i'll preface by saying i do not expect miracles from my cleansers as they are only on my face for up to 1 min however i do want a cleanser to properly clean
this one doesn't do that ever!
didn't remove my foundation/makeup so that's why i'm giving it four stars instead of five
it does it's job
well, this one does the trick.
all they did was irritate my skin
t does not bother me
my skin did not like that
not to mention you get a lot for what you pay
i swear everyone thinks i'm 18 now
why mess with success?!?
s did not work with my skin
how does that happen?).
i'll admit that whenever i do use it
i didn't have to go back
that does not deter me whatsoever
moisturizers that did not do what they advertised
can't wait to try more products in this line.
but this wash deserves it!!!!
sephora please don't ever stop selling this stuff
don't have to worry about running out
but i cannot get the pump to work.
a little goes a long way so don't let the price scare you
what more could you want?
i don't want something that "mattifies" i want healthy
i love that no matter how irritated my skin is
it really doesn't have any sort of fragrance
trust me, you'll want to use it.
i didn't know what to do since i never had an extreme acne problem
also doesn't break me out
do yourself a favor and try it!
i wouldn't say i like it
i don't dislike it either
its not an intense scent so even if you dont like it you can get over it
i admit i don't really do as much as i should for my skin
i decided to give it a try, not expecting much.
you really can't apply it without it
not sure it does anything else.
i did not notice any scent with this
still could smell nothing.
this did not cause any
i ordered it on a whim -- at the time there were hardly any reviews
it doesn't really have a smell to me
i also love that it's something light enough i can use in the summer
can't wait to try all yttp products!
there is only one thing i don't like about it
i can't wait to see what else yttp comes out with
i can never tell if they're actually helping or maybe i'm just drinking more water that week
i wasn't expecting much from this
didn't expect to like it
can't say how it works under that
i don't know if it was the product for sure
through this you know?
nobody wants skin problems
the only thing i don't like is that it's not 100% natural
however i don't like the price
you don't need to use a lot
there's a reason why this is always sold out
this one did the trick
if you are really dry i don't think this would be enough
i didn't have high hopes for the product or anything since the br
didn't irritate my skin at all so far
i don't know why
i like the fact it is not greasy at all
i can't say enough about this.
i didn't know if this serum was really doing anything
i dont know how it does it but this is amazing!!!
unfortunately didn't for me
i can't say yet if it works on fine lines or wrinkles because i've only had it for two weeks
can't ever find a good product for her full
i know this product won't work for everyone
you don't need a lot
i actually didn't even need foundation on top of it
wasn't even going to try it
however, i don't understand why the one color?
figured i would try it
i never have to use any foundation anymore
i really wish that i could buy this product
just gotta say it does it job!
would be 5 stars if i didn't have to do the prep work
i only didn't give it 5 stars because i felt as if it's gonna be tinted
i can't give this enough stars.
this product does not cake
it even helps my foundation stay on so well that i rarely use primer anymore
could not live without it
it's just been crazy for years
she couldn't believe it
i can wear it alone
i feel like i get so much coverage from this product alone
it's like doing a magic trick on my face every time i put it on
i can't say enough good things about this product
i recommend this to anyone.
you can wear it alone
it does just that
i don't know why so many users were expecting it to fully cover as that's not how it's advertised
i do not recommend this item.
that's not really its intended use
it just did not seem to do the trick
i can no longer say there is nothing that works
i could wear this alone
he can't tell when i just have this on
didn't have to mix it myself
no way did i expect this to fill my expectations
this is amazing so for those people that don't give it a low rating is probably because they don't know how to use it the right way
and please don't ever stop making this product.
someone i don't even know recommended this product to me in a beauty blog
i can't even express how much i love this stuff.
this product does the trick
i don't necessarily love it.
you do not need a lot for this
that's all that's needed
do agree with others that it doesn't match my skin tone completely
i said oh no that's way too dark for me
i could not believe how great it covered
you don't look like you have make up on
i wasn't sure how this color would look on my skin
i simply love this product!
where i have not
i didn't think it was possible.
i don't need to use much to get the the job done
even when i don't pick at them
i've never seen anything like it!!!
i can't believe this product!
you know who you are
i don't even have to wear foundation!
this actually might be my first review on sephora because i never write them for stuff like this
it does exactly what it says it will
i can't say how long wearing it is
then i realized that you are only suppose to use this under concealer
s don't carry a foundation light enough to truly match my skin
skip foundation because i don't need it =
i don't look "made up" if you get what i mean
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because while a little goes a long way
for those who say it's too dark
can't live without it
just enough that foundation alone does not cut it
this stuff is so *amazing* i could cry
it does the job
doesn't look caky and coverage last all day.
this will do the trick
it doesn't last a long time
but, i do like it and it doesn't break me out.
i give this product 4 stars because it simply wasn't enough product for me
i couldn't believe my eyes.
t's something i can't go without
my eyes did not burn
it's not necessary because as long as i use this product my make up is removed in my skin doesn't break out
this did not make my tzone oilier.
i didn't notice a smell, either.
not sure i like that mascara anyway
some people said they didn't like the smell
not sure why some people complaint about the smell
many products are things i can't live without
the cleansing balm does exactly what it says it will
there aren't a lot of product anyway
if you can afford it, there is no much problem.
it does what it's suppose to do
in actuality it is not full of product
this one i don't have that problem.
i honestly don't know how i've gotten along with out it
i wasn't sure how i would like this product
i can't believe how smooth
the price does'nt break the bank either
the only reason at this point that i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the smell
here's why i can't live without it:not only does it remove makeup
but not with this!
this product did not disappoint-
has not caused any kind of reaction on my skin
one product and you're done.
can't believe how quickly
i couldn't believe it.
it does miracles for me
does exactly what it says it will
i don't know how i have been removing makeup before this
was afraid to try it because of my history w/makeup
nor did i break out as usual either.
this didn't bother it at all
my guess is that this will absolutely make you break out if you don't wash your face after using
i cannot get enough of this stuff!
no matter what kind it is
i can even use it on my eyes.
when i did that
if i didn't use enough
i just wish i didnt have to use so much product
you can't go wrong with bye bye makeup.
this does the job
not exactly what i want to be doing when it's late
does exactly what it says it's supposed to
i would 100% recommend this to anyone & everyone!
i can't say enough about this product or this br
truly a must have for anyone who washes there face
have someone show you how the products work
you can't wear this alone, no.
unlike the becca primer where you have to fight with it
that should disappear if you haven't applied too much
i can't remember the last time i liked a primer enough to buy it again
s i've tried i didn't really like
then i didn't use it one day underneath my makeup
don't know anything about it prolonging my makeup
that's never been a concern for me
sometimes you're never gonna know how something works till you give it a chance
if you don't like the product
don't know why this doesn't have better reviews
not sure why there aren't more 5 star reviews.
bc i probably wouldn't of gotten it
it does the job it's meant to
and it just is a miracle.
it can be hard for me to find products that don't irritate my undereyes
i don't know how i ever lived without it before!
it really did de-puff
it does not solve this issue
i couldn't imagine a morning without it.
it may not be a miracle cream -- i don't think such a thing exists --
does not take much to use for under your eyes
a lot of eye creams that were supposed to do wonders for others made no difference for me
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was that i don't feel like it has helped my dark circles
know what they look like
i don't see this result
it does what it says.
no crazy smells or anything
but this one actually works!
i never wear makeup anymore because i look totally fine without it--whereas before it looked like i hadn't slept in a month
first let me say im 27
i cant speak for crows feet results because i dont have them yet
get a sample if youre not sure yet.
i always had my doubt about eye creams because most never seemed to do anything
just want to use whatever works
i don't know how well it works for wrinkles because i'm 23
don't have them yet
i cannot believe it!
everyone else is saying it doesn't
i guess it just depends on some people!
it might not work for some people
so can't say anything about that
but, i like it.
i didn't "feel" like the cream was doing anything
can't even see the bags anymore
'm sure there's no cure-all that exists for them
no kidding, it works!
all i can say is wow
this did not bother my eyes or aggravate my skin
i'll never go back to anything else.
it doesn't bother me
it doesn't break me out
smooth because of this i cannot go a day without it
i kind of hate that i love this so much because i will for sure be spending the bucks for the full size
they bother me so much
i can't believe it's just disappeared
i can see how some people may not like it
i can be taken in by promises of miraculous results like anyone else
i couldn't believe it!
they didn't hurt to touch
you've got to try this.
didn't think too much of it at first
i gave it a chance anyway
it did cause a light
didn't think much of it
i could not believe that i had found such a perfect product that actually worked for me
a little goes a long way can't go wrong with that
you don't need to use a lot to cover a lot of area
i can't recommend this enough.
it's too great not to leave one
to my surprise did not affect my makeup whatsoever
doesn't cause me to break out.
i can't live without this now.
this product did not disappoint
it also did not cause me to break out at all!
i don't know how it works, don't care.
can't ask for more.
this did the trick
it hasn't made me break out
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it's a bit pricey
does not leave you greasy at all
no one likes that
not bad or anything, just not my preference.
could i be going blind maybe?
like evidence of my age i guess
please don't get too upset if it's not for you.
just sharing what it did for me
i wish it made a version with spf too
seriously wouldn't hesitate picking this up!
can't imagine what cream will knock this one out of contention for me
i love this so much that i let my mom try
i didn't have much to begin with
ask for sample from sephora if you don't want to spend this much on something you are not sure about
this worked for me when nothing else would
doesn't make me break out
you don't need to use a lot.
couldn't decide what to rate it
i will try anything
i would seriously give it a try
so you can see how difficult for me was to find something that my skin wouldn't fall
it does not cause breakouts.
if you don't like it
you can't lose with this one.....i'm just sayin'.
wow did it surprise me
he wouldn't use it---so
'm wondering if this is not hydrating enough
if your thinking about it, get it!!!!
it didn't break me out and helped a lot.
i would recommend to anyone.
major acne scaring like i did you should give it a try
i gave it four stars because i'm not sure what to attri
was afraid to do so for fear of my skin looking worse
which aren't the bad reviews left just so someone can read it
did not break me out
this doesn't break me out
the people complaining about it not working are most likely not using it correctly
still have not figured out what it is yet
did not cause any breakouts since i even used it around my nose
i couldn't get it to clear up no matter what i tried
not sure why other reviewers had issues
this stuff really does work as they say it will
i really enjoy it because it hasn't broken my skin out yet
it's the only thing to work for me
can't complain that much
i personally like the smell of it because it doesn't have a fragrance
you might not like the finish this makes
it doesn't last long
didn't intend to use it because it has alcohol in it
can't wait to see what long term use will do for my skin
i'd recommend trying it in store like i did.
i don't want to be so quick to call it my holy grail product
it doesn't seem like you're getting much coverage
i think areas that might not get coverage at one time
it does what it says it does.
guess what happened this morning?
this product does exactly what it claims to do.
my goal is to repair my skin enough with this that i don't need foundation unless i'm going for the makeup look for a night out or something
can't remember the last time i went to work without foundation because so many people would ask what happened to my face
i hardly know it's there
what i can say is it really does reduce redness
i love that i don't have to wear any make-up over it
i figured that if this didn't cause problems for her it might be ok for me too
please never stop making this!
i cannot recommend it enough.
that shouldn't deter you
after trying this product i feel compelled
i don't mind that
until i used this i felt hopeless
this stuff is unlike anything else out there.
never thought i would say that
you almost think it didn't do much
don't get me wrong
no matter how close i look i see no product on my face
somebody suggested this and it's a miracle.
i don't know how i lived without it.
what surprised me was that my face didn't redden at any point during the day
you can use this alone
i can't apply too much
if i dont want to use foundation then i use this
this, however, is exactly what i wanted and more.
if you're thinking of trying this
the drying wasn't nearly as bad when i did so.
does what it says
what exactly does "help support" wounded skin mean
i would recommend it to anyone.
couldn't wait to try it
i would not really recommend this to anyone darker than me
i don't use any foundation anymore.
i didn't want to like this
you'd look ill i think-
never in my life i thought i would find coverage
one thing i did notice
perhaps i'm doing something wrong
if you use the right amount it works wonders
is to not treat this like a miracle product
you donâ€™t notice it at all
this is what i found:
so don't let the description fool you
this stuff doesn't provide as much coverage
on most days i don't even bother to use foundation over it
it's not a foundation so that's a plus for me
love it love it need it can't live without it.
she definitely did not disappoint!
i did not believe the hype or reviews for this product
for a day you don't need a lot of make up this does enough to wear on its own
t may not be for everyone
that's why i can only give it 4 stars
it didn't change color enough.
this product does exactly everything it says it will do
after photo of myself so that i could see if there were any differences
didn't want to spend a penny more
it doesnâ€™t do that to me
this does some for it
i believe it's because of other factor
wow was i wrong.
haven't been wearing any foundation or bb cream because i just don't need it anymore
this doesn't make me break out
thats only because my skin is clear for the most part
didn't want to have to wear cc cream every day
i can even wear it without foundation
it did not cause breakouts
i do not wear foundation or a lot of makeup so for me it didn't cause a problem
let me tell you
i dont even feel the need to apply foundation
the only reason i didn't give this product 5 stars is because it doesn't leave me with a matte finish
all i can say is...wow!
it did exactly what it promised for me
i didn't even use any base over it.
although not every product is right for every person
see if it works for you
which is fine since that's not what the products is for
i did feel i could probably wear no make up with this application
i don't wear foundation anymore because this honestly just corrects my skin
i decided to give it a go anyways
couldn't find any products that were good for my skin
this didn't slide around
i don't want to live without it
i almost don't need foundation
doesn't hurt if it gets in my eyes
now this does exactly what it's supposed to do--make makeup removal
i got this with my beauty rewards just as a hey why not kind of thing
what can i say ... this stuff surprised me!
don't think you have to
t gets the job done for me
didn't think much of it
if you follow the instructions it's not hard to use
if i do put makeup on
i only gave this four stars because it probably wouldn't budge my makeup
wasn't sure at first if i was going to like it
honestly it says right on the package you're supposed to rub it over your face for 2-3 minutes
i guess i found it.
it does the trick
i usually break out and i'm not with this, yay!
don't let that discourage you
removes anything else that's left over
didn't really know what to expect.
i really liked how it didn't irritate
this is the answer if you travel a lot
i wasn't sure about this product at first.
that's the only downside to me.
it didn't bother me
honnestly i did not really expect much
not too sure about all of the bad reviews
i can't yet say that i'm fully in the clear of no breakouts
not sure about bad reviews
i felt so stupid after i used this product
did not leave my skin feeling right
i wasn't expecting much
only because sometimes i forget to do this step
now it's one and done!
i say this product was my game changer
let me tell you
i actually like the smell.
the smell isn't so bad like other say.
i don't like it
it's not bad enough for me not to continue using it
can't attest to how well it works for that
it doesn't take much at all
although it isn't for everyone
however i don't like the feeling of my skin after using just this
at first i wasn't so sure about it.
you have nothing to lose .
it didn't irritate them at all
this product does everything it claims!
the only reason why i do not give 5 stars is the smell of the product
i would recommend it to all my friends
boscia can do no wrong
this product does exactly what it says
this did exactly what the sephora salesperson said it would- took off my makeup
maybe not as it's not heavy
i honestly didn't believe the claim that it had immediate results
all i can say is
i think i was using it wrong
i didn't want to waste the product
i can't figure out how some arent getting any results
i can't wait to see what is does when my skin is actually back to normal
which has never happened for me
the moment i used this product i could not believe how amazing
that's all i needed
i wasn't expecting to love this product as much as i do
it didn't even matter because this mask had my back
there is this "scent" i guess it could bother some people
if you dont want to deal with a mask that you have to wash off
did not hesitate to purchase this
not sure if there's a h2o activated technology or what not
i can't believe the difference
it definitely did not disappoint.
i am only 28 so cant say much about the lifting part
this one i tried it because i had nothing to lose
i really cannot explain it
this stuff is everything promised, and then some.
this does exactly what sheer transformation does except that one is so light
this product does what it says.
if i wait long enough it won't
i didn't knock a star for that because that just means i'll stick to using this at night only
if i find i miss it when it's gone
this one did not disappoint
miracle cream if you ask me.
know that it does not smell intense
)caudalie can do no wrong in my book.
not sure what are the bad reviews
get this you won't regret it
you won't regret it!
figured i had nothing to lose
i could use it on my body if i didn't like it for my face
they don't do what this has done
you don't need to use a lot.
don't be afraid of this not being enough.
i know almost all skin types will love this.
caudalie can do no wrong in my book!
i cannot believe that i didn't find out about this product sooner
i don't remember exactly how i heard of lxmi
t might not work for you
it's not strong at all
if it didn't work for me
i didn't react to this cream
this does it all.
i just couldn't ever seem to keep up
i can honestly say that my skin is exactly like how it is in the summer
don't want to spend the money
it does not linger on.
if that weren't the case
why is this product $58 in the us
can anyone explain this, please?
i don't mind the smell and actually like it.
i actually like the smell
i guess it's not for everyone
this definitely didn't break me out or cause more oil
not only do i love the way this goes on
i honestly didn't even notice a scent
i really cannot say enough about this product
never had any problem with bad scent
not sure what product those are referring to below
it's definitely not the same as what i got
not only does it smell amazing
i even have my husb
i would have supported this line even if the quality didn't blow me away
i don't care what it is if it works
you will not regret it.
there probably isn't enough room her to say all the wonderful things i have to say about this product
i think you can actually eat it
can't way enough about how much i love this stuff
i love what it does for my skin.
wasn't sure what to expect
what more could you ask for?
it doesn't change my honest review that this is one of the best things i've done for my skin
it doesn't break me out
guess what i used
that's not the case with this one.
i didn't think that was possible lol
i just didn't think it was anything special
cannot recommend this product enough
no matter what i use
i can't say it did too much for my fine lines
i can't not use it now; i must have it.
try it, you won't be sorry.
i wasn't expecting this cream to make them disappear -- that's impossible
i'd look for something else
i can't believe it actually worked.
don't be scared by the price tag
when it does it does
i can't wait to keep using this.
i do apply it to my eyelids although the directions do not say to
don't think its the problem
let me tell you
buy this product, you will not regret it!!
they didn't carry this item
i didn't feel like this was as effective as i would have liked
i would see results and wow.
i didn't want to get used to something i couldn't have
not with this one.
i read some other comments saying that it has unpleasant scent that lingers which is absolutely not true
i can't tell whether it has helped
afraid to think what my skin might look like when i run out
you might like it
it does help things budge
don't break me out
not with this product!
only downside is that it hasn't necessarily helped my acne
its an oil but not how you would expect.
cant speak yet for hydration but so far so good!
if you're on the fence, get it!
i didn't like the price though.
thought i would try it.
i know it is the belif.
this one does the job
the rep didn't tell me
needless to say i'm going to purchase it.
i don't think i will purchase the oil because it doesn't take all my makeup off
that's more than i can say for anything i've used before
can't say enough about that either
it didn't sting at all
i honestly couldn't believe how much i loved it
let me just say that this is amazing
i 100% thought that was just a "gimmick"
thought i would try belif's version because it's one of the new br
you get a ton in the jar yet it doesn't take that much to cover my face
never thought that would happen.
i don't know why since it was a 5 star review
it's not news what happens to most bad reviews on here
i would 100% recommend this set to anyone curious or even for travel
how can i not buy this?"
please give it a try.
you have nothing to lose
enough people don't know about this.
doesn't last so unless you are sensitive to that
i don't see how anyone would want to sleep in it
i actually have this
there was nothing wrong with it i just would prefer something with a better scent than the rice kind of smell this had
as a teen i didn't have these problems.
it was so upsetting not being able to find something that didn't cause more damage
by the way lady's if you want to know more about good products for your face i record you check this you-tuber her name is renÃ©e
can't wait to see how this works for me with continued use
that's all i need to work it all over my face
you have no idea.
i wish tatcha wasn't so pricey
i can't really comment on how effective the actual products are
did not irritate acneic skin.
it does it job
i seriously can't believe how soft
doesn't break my out at all
it's not a miracle product
it's a definite must try
t might not be the same for everyone
yes can't live without it!
when i would apply this it didn't make my skin produce any extra oil
i wouldn't use it in that day time though.
i wouldn't believe it if it hadn't happened to me
i couldn't believe how it worked over night!
this did not happen with pure.
i personally do not find this to be the case.
this cream is the first that i've tried that not only doesn't further irritate my skin
t actually does go on rather light
can't live without it
it didn't break my face out
don't let that deter you.
it does not burn the eyes.
it does not cause breakouts.
i wear it alone
still didn't find the one that is my one
i would love to use them all!
is the perfect no nonsense face cream that actually does what it says it does
i would recommend to anyone.
not too sure about the bar counterpart
i couldn't believe it
another thing i must say as a side note is make sure you keep your lips together to not let any get cleanser in your mouth
all i would say is i wish it came with a small container for the bar
if you can call it that
didn't want to add any extra
my tzone loves it, the rest of my face doesn't.
not so many products are able to make it even.
i already use so many products that i don't wanna use even more :
i didn't know what to expect with this being a travel set
it didn't cause me to breakout or dry me out.
it actually does do wonders.
the products didn't really smell
it wasn't like anything magical happened
it is like this product does the impossible.
they all seem to perform the same way
my oil is not as bad as it use to be
i would recommend this to anyone!
at first i wasn't sure what to think.
i didn't have any really bad problem areas to begin with
i will say that i did notice that my skin was very smooth after i used it which i am going to guess had something to do with using the two products together
i promise it wont change your skin to grey
wasn't sure what to expect
nothing except this product was able to help
i would definitely recommend this to anyone with the same issues
i think that it works just as well as anything else that i have used by this specific br
honestly i can't be more satisfied with this set.
i would of never known about this set if it wasn't for influenster
i will continue buying until i can't purchase anymore
no matter how careful i'm
other than that i love this set, it's amazing.
after that i did not have any problems
let me tell you i was breaking out
i would say this product is for the kind of person with not really bad skin
let me tell you
it didn't feel dry anymore
you can easily use the packaging for something else
i didn't know how it would work for me since i have combination skin
i didn't notice a huge difference
i cannot get over how amazing this set it!
doesn't cause any type of breakout afterward
it doesn't seem that way anymore
it doesn't last long
i probably wouldn't have ever tried it if it weren't for getting it complimentary
i didn't know if i was going to like it because this is a completely new thing for me
i like this product but it doesn't 'wow' me.
money trying to find a product that does that for me
it does exactly as it says
this didn't at all
these products did not break me out orcause any irritation
i didn't notice any change in the first week
i did not need to do this
i don't think i would spend $28 on it just because i'm not a huge bar soap for my face kind of person
i do not think i would use the oil everyday because it feels heavy
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of my dry skin
if you wait a little i dont fell anymore oil in your skin
im not sure if i like or not
if not give this a try
this didn't break me out
i did like that you use the bar after the oil
usually when i haven't heard of a product
i end up not liking it
i must say i loved it
i can't wait to try more erno laszlo products
this product does not disappoint !
it did not irritate my skin which i liked
it did not help remove my eye-makeup much at all.
i would use this on a no-makeup day or if you do not tend to wear makeup
its so gentle on my skin i did not even had a break out
all i can say is that i loved the combination of oil
tends to not break out
cannot recommend it enough
it doesn't have a ridiculous later
was not sure what i would get
it doesn't take long at all
love the oil more then anything else
the only downside is that i personally don't love soap in bar form
the only thing i dislike about this set is that the oil doesn't have a pour top
i want to thank influenster for letting me review this product complimentaty
you won't regret it!
i would definitely not rely on it to get all makeup off
i will say that i have to use something else to get my mascara off because this doesn't get it all off
this does not effect my honest review
this did the trick!
i can honestly say it has worked wonders on my skin
i must say i'm in love with it
for the sake of testing in case something goes wrong
i can honestly say its done alot for me im in love with it
i would recommend it to anyone
'm glad this did not break me out or burn
i can't wait to try it out
this set did not feel 'soapy'
it's not something i would personally purchase
i can't say it is my #1 choice
i would like to try the other ones for sure.
didn't have a problem with this one
i didn't think i'd love it - but it's great!
let me tell you
but let me tell you!!
it's been doing wonders on my face
t was refreshing to know that i do not have to worry about a product burning my skin when i use it
i do love everything about the products themselves
i must say using the oil before the soap really made a difference
i felt like it didn't remove all my make up
fortunately it's never been an issue for me
i will certainly use it when i need it
can't speak for that
it doesn't break me out
this by far is one of the best products i've used that doesn't irritate my skin i would definitely recommend it
tried out this product i can honestly say that i am loving it so far
i must say that i am in love
i simply love it
i do like the formula
i can't believe how much i actually love
see what else comes off
i probably would never have tried this product otherwise
i guess i'll have to get used to it.
this duo didn't give me that issue at all
did not get in to my eyes
didn't know what to expect
how are you supposed to remove your makeup if you follow that line of thought?
if you get a chance to try this product pls do.
my skin didn't react in any bad way after using this
they did not irritate my skin at all.
this product did not make my skin break out at all
the only gripe i have is that
i can't get it out
the only thing i would say is that i wish the bottle of oil had come with a pump
prefer something like this
i want to thank influenster for letting me review this product complimentaty
you won't regret it!
i love how it does not have a smell
this one is not
the only downfall i have to say is that i wish that it came with some kind up pump for the cleansing oil because you do have to pour it out on your h
it doesn't at all
if i do say so myself
well you guessed it
if this isn't a big deal for you
i'd say give it a go
wouldn't have tried it otherwise.
don't know how people with it would react
i don't mind that i have to scoop some out
the smell did not bother me.
which i do like
i never found any product before that did that
let me tell you
don't let that stop you
it does what it claims to do
this particular eye cream just doesn't live up to the rest of the line imo
hopped onto eye cream even tho i didn't really think i needed it
i can't say that i notice a huge difference in my fine lines-
i do not regret it
not with this product!
i would certainly recommend this to others!
only thing i wish it did more of
i must say i'm young
yet my circles do not fade whatsoever
everything you'd want from belif
i think i have tried them all
really hoping sephora starts carrying the rest of the dr roebuck's products since they're not available anywhere else in the us
that isn't the case at all
i wouldn't really say it has changed my skin
i think it does a ok job
not really sure if i will repurchase
i don't have any lines or wrinkles to worry about yet
but it does work!
clearly it's not meant to replace your daily am mositerizer
the product does exactly as it says.
the consistency isn't what i expected
they just weren't enough
i never want to be without it.
this product does not do that at all.
what do you expect
i wasn't sure if this was actually for the face
i can't wait to see how else i can use this!
yes it goes on thick- i didn't quite know what to expect with the first application
that greasy feeling didn't last that long for me
either way, i love it.
this brand never disappoints.
but i say, why not celebrate it?
i wouldn't let it touch my face
i don't know how
this isn't for you
t doesn't get in the way of work
some people may not realize what they're buying
i did take one star off simply because of the inconvenience in terms of the texture
it'd be better off to use at night or if your affected area doesn't need to be in contact with anything for a while
if you want illumination, this is what you pick.
after makeup, it didn't show as much.
it's working miracles already
which i mention because it's really not a moisturizer for the entire face
you can't find it here
thought i wanted to tell you that it does work
this actually did it!
honestly if you can get passed that
i would never use it as a true moisturizer
i don't know why everyone is complaining
i do think that
i honestly used it as a primer for my face
if that's what you're going for
i don't think that's what most of us are going for
what i like to do
don't hate this stuff because you put it all over your face
he even notice period he has never noticed lol
i guess the directions can be a little misleading
its not meant for all over your face.
i didn't think that i would get anymore use out of this product because what use is a moisturizer if you can't use it to moisturize your face
not actually put to the test yet
i really wish that this was something that i could use all over my face
i just don't use it enough
i didn't need foundation at all
i personally don't find that it makes much of a difference under my foundation
it really can't be worn alone
it didn't affect my oil production
that was not the case
i did not want my face looking like a disco ball
not sure why there's so many negative reviews.
i did not hate this as much as some others have in regards to the glitter
not sure if this is meant to be used alone
i didn't get glitter like a lot of other reviewers said
that does not matter to me tho.
which i'm not mad about.
i guess it depends on how you want to use it.
it's definitely not terrible depending on your use of it
no matter your age
i would wear this alone if i just wanted to shimmer
it does not slide
you can't see the glitter unless you get really close
i honestly don't get all the negative comments because it's exactly as described
some people say that this is too glittery
yes you can definitely see it once it's applied to your face
i would not wear this alone
i wanted to love this- and i did!!!
does exactly what it says it will do
i can't believe so many people dislike it.
i don't put on any type of foundation i just use this product
ok so some reviews say this product has "glitter" in it
i honestly do not know why or how all these people are saying it has glitter in it
or wherever you put this you will not see glitter
i would never use this alone
doesn't break me out
they aren't that bad to notice a difference that quick
i think it did help with my dark circles.
i don't know if i say any immediate effects
do not use anything with retinol is you have millia
it didn't feel like i had put on anything at all
would purchase if it wasn't so dang expensive !
it just doesn't work
i can say it did not irritate my undereyes
this eye cream did not disappoint
wasn't sure what to expect
i think i will continue to do so
the only reason i did not give it a 5/5 is due to the cost
i did not have enough product in my sample size to know if it would brighten my dark circles
of course everything else as well
i did deduct one point just because i find that
at first i didn't notice much of a difference
it doesn't bother you or move around
even if you are not
i wasn't sure if it would work well as a primer
i didn't have enough to see if it reduced fine lines over time
i love it for that reason alone!
which i do not
i don't know if this product really does anything besides hydrate
wasn't sure what to expect
lines did not improve
if you suffer from either one this is a must for you
why not give it a shot?
i didn't expect much when it came to this eye cream
when i actually tried it
it didn't highlight my dark circles like i was afraid it was going to do
would not use it as a primer expecting to see results
i cant be 100% sure that product does what it says on the package
can't say that i have seen an overall difference in my under eye skin
the scent isn't strong and didn't bother me.
unfortunately the sample size wasn't enough for me to notice a difference in my dark circles
i did not know if it was my face because i used all kind of mask sheets from sephora
it somehow works wonders
one thing i do like about it is that it doesn't leave my t zone glowing by mid day
honestly this is one of the first ones i've tried
if you are not expecting miracles
but it did not live up to the claims.
knocked off 1 star because it doesn't do what it says
i did not really get the firming effect though.
for the price, not enough product.
when i say better i mean
dont really need it
i didn't want to love this as i didn't want to rely on another expensive product
all in all just didn't see a reason to run out
but i don't care.
didn't mind it at all
i may be crazy
nothing happens over night so you can't expect it to magically transform your face anyway
i don't know how to explain it
that i shouldn't have to work this hard to use it
that's why i only gave this 4 stars.
i do not smell it at all
i cannot rave enough about this product!!!!
i couldnt say enough good things about it
well assuming youre not 20 with zero wrinkles or need for something of this stature
can't say i'm going to spend this kind of money to actually own it though :
not worry about it not working with other br
i hardly smell anything
someone said, they couldn't stand the smell.
i didn't notice that it had a scent particularly
can't believe how good my skin looks.
i don't know how it will work long term
whatever this does to my skin
can't say this works for my "fine lines"
didn't have issues with makeup
the smell doesn't bother me at all
i actually like the smell
i really have nothing bad to say about this product
this did not break me out
this is the wrong product for you
those people who gave this product a bad rating just because of its smell are ridiculous
there's a reason for that
miracles don't happen overnight.
if it wasn't such a miracle product i wouldn't be able to justify the price tag-
it did not cause any irritation at all
received this as gratis so that's why i tried it out
i can honestly say i have a whole new view on primers after using this
if you're debating, just try it.
everyone else, read on!
i've seen so many reviews saying you don't get a lot of product for the price
this doesn't break me out either
so right off the bat i didn't think i would like it
i didn't expect to love it as much.
two in one item, who wouldn't love this?
i wear it alone on days when i'm not feeling like makeup
i can't say enough good things about this!
this product does what it says.
didn't bother me, but wasn't blown away by it.
i didn't think i was going to love it the way that i do
i really didn't expect to love it as much as i do
this not only does that
it's my go-to for now
that's not true at all
i don't know why
may not be what you need for a primer
see if there's any difference
was afraid to even try this
i didn't even want to put on foundation afterwards because it looked amazing on my skin
but anyways it's amazing!
which is what i like
don't do much for my skin
does was it is supposed to
lemme tell you i am happy i did
i cannot believe it took me this long to find a primer that made my make-up application flawless
i can't say this product helps the situation
doesn't break me out either.
have never found one that my skin doesn't react to
i actually didn't like this at first
believe me when i say the best things are not always expensive
i couldn't believe it.
it has not made my skin react.
because it's not gonna last long
i wish they would make a bigger bottle i would love that so yes i would recommend the rose one i haven't used the other ones yet
00 cad you can't really go wrong
i love it and i wish it had more.
the price can't be beat!
i don't know if it mattifies that much
i don't know which one i love the most
and did i mention the smell???
i don't want them just to travel
i want them to use everyday
t doesn't linger long enough to be an issue
washing my face if just not a daily thing for me- i simply can't bring myself to do it
can't beat the price either
why did sephora change the price?
you don't need that much
it didn't cause a rash
i am not one to usually take time to review products because they are usually just meh
it does everything you need
and i must say, it smells like roses too.
i don't want to use anything else
such a shame it's going out of stock on love it so much
i wish i knew about it sooner!
i would recommend this to anyone!
i don't mind that
with this product i dont have any problem
i can't wait to try the other ones
return it if you don't like it
doesn't make me break out
i cringe thinking about it
now that i know it's not a moisturizer
so there's why i'm not giving 5 stars
it's not going to last me at all
i can't say anything for actual cleansing properties
it was exactly that
it did not irritate me at all
as you can see
i don't have all the skin factors this stuff is supposed to address
just for me right now or anyone with similar skin concerns i don't think it's worth the price
if you're not a fan
you owe it to your skin to give this product a chance
all i can say is
the reason i'm not giving this product 5 stars is because it made my t-zone look greasy
i can see why people may not like the fragrance
not even as hint of foundation separation
i didn't want to love this product because of the steep price tag
you could even just wear this if you wanted to
as you might imagine
people would have no idea that you have it on
i asked the staff what this actually is
i didn't see a lot of greatness in it
i give it a 4-star for not doing anything bad on my skin
don't really know how to explain
does what it says
even though i'm a sephora addict this is the first time i've ever written a review for anything because it's just that amazing
either it didn't work or it worked in one area
ask if he could do one too
i don't know you
let me just say game changing
i never thought i would have a use for these types of masks
i wasn't expecting much from this
i didn't think it was possible
though i wouldn't explain them as hives
so of course with this kind of result on my body i couldn't wait to try it on my face
let me tell you
i promise you won't regret it
it's one of the few moisturizers where i actually feel a difference immediately
you will see a difference
did take a course on skin care
you can feel the difference immediately
a product that will actually do what it claims to do
on my skin it feels great it doesn't have that extreme cooling effect that i thought it would give
seriously, try it out.
what i did was
it was impossible to find a good primer until now
don't get me wrong
i don't hesitate using this product
i can say that i love this product
first i'll say i would never recommend using this as your moisturizer
it didn't bother me any
i say it's a combination of both
either way i love this product!
can't wait to use it in the summer
the only thing i don't like about it is its smell
i swear by this product and you need to try this!
wish it wasn't so expensive
they didn't have the immediate/real results this mask does
one thing i wish
so don't let it deter you
don't miss out on this product!
i don't know how i lived without this
unlike anything else i have ever used.
and it doesn't make me break out which is a plus!
that didn't happen with this product
i can't recommend this enough!
it didn't do anything amazing for my complexion so far
maybe it's just me
i think i'm gonna have to break down
doesn't have any alcohol
did i say that i love it??!!!
after a while it wasn't working for me anymore
how wrong i was!
i personally wouldn't buy this
doesn't break me out
although i really like it i don't know if i can justify the price
can't find anything to help it
it's one of the few products that does what it says it will do
it doesn't--if that makes sense
i did not think i would end up liking this product because it was literally like putting water on my face
i didn't think anything could be better than belif aqua bomb
i don't need a lot --
this stuff does not
did not have great expectations for it
i want to say that it maybe even helped me stay matte a tiny
i do wish it wasn't so expensive.
this cream doesn't even feel like i've put anything on
this stuff doesn't bring either of those problems out
i'll use it until it's gone
see how it goes
his products do not disappoint
now i fall in love with something not exactly budget friendly
i wouldn't replace my yttp with this
not the cream since i didn't know what the full size actually looked like
it's an ok mistake
i wish i didn't because it's so expensive
i just wish the product wasn't so pricey bc i would definitely buy it if it wasn't
it is what it says it is.
you're not gonna get it from this stick
can't say enough great things about this product
i do not wear "foundation"
it blended so well that i didn't need to worry
you do not need alot of the product
i feel like i could wear this alone with some powder for those days with err
its not meant to give you a coverage
this does what is says
without being 'too natural' if that makes any sense
this did not disappoint
i really wasn't expecting much from this it was an impulse buy
although this has spf 45 i wouldn't ever know it
really can't rave enough about this!
it makes it look like you don't have any
does not last all day as reason for 4stars not the 5
at first i wasn't sure if this would work on my fair skin
i can't say enough about it!
can't wait to see long term results.
if you're thinking about trying this out i'd say go for it
i would recommend this to anyone who has any sort of acne problem
it's not a big deal
let's talk about how in love i am with this product
t doesn't really matter to me
i honestly don't remember the last time this was a reality for me
i don't think i've used any since i got this product
this does not make me breakout or block my pores at all
although i've never had an issue with it messing up my makeup unless i use too much of the product
i often say that i wish i could bottle all the oil my face produces
i only wish it wasn't so expensive.
so that is what i did
that never happens to me!
i couldn't believe how well this product actually worked
don't even think about it buy it now!
i do not wear foundation
i couldn't believe how quickly it mattified my skin
i can't get enough
i've never tried anything like this.
this product does what it says.
and it does what it says.
it does not move your makeup
no matter what i use
what it does for my skin
i didn't want to get out of the shower!!!!
exactly what i needed
it does not burn
i completely disagree with the posts saying do not use if you have sensitive skin
you also know it's gonna last a while
it still doesn't make me break out
i didn't give 5 stars because i don't think it moisturizers my skin as much as set on it
didn't cause me to breakout
i don't really notice that this makes my t-zone any oilier
not sure if its the product
i hope they don't stop making this!
this is not bothering me one bit
i would definitely buy this knowing it'll fix any skin problems i have
i did not mind it
i also do not mind the scent at all
not sure if its the product or stress
it's easy that way and no mess to worry about.
i can honestly say this stuff is a god sent
it's not that bad
this way i'm not using my h
yet if i works
does the job it says without making my skin break out
i don't have any problems
i don't know if it's due to the fact i haven't been using it that long
if you get a reaction there
it doesn't hurt that it smells good enough to eat :
don't do anything other than irritate my face
as if all that wasn't good enough
i can honestly say i love it
this product does wonders for your face!
i hardly ever do reviews
i couldn't help doing one on this product
clear i don't even need foundation
i don't really notice a major difference in the morning when i use this
i don't even know where to begin with this product
i would recommend that you give it a try
i didn't really see that big of a difference after using this
i did research on what can clear my skin up.
i doubt if it works
i don't won't to ever be without this mask!
i do not regret it
i seriously wish warnings didn't say not to use more than a couple times a week
i'd use it everyday if i could.
let me tell you
do not use anything else besides the marula oil
did not break me out
i've never found anything that this issue would respond to before this stuff
did not break out
ladies if you're on the fence here, don't be!
if you want something that works
you won't regret this purchase.
although i rarely have a breakout anymore i like to try new products for brightness
so,i never give 5 stars for anything.
i came to the conclusion that i should wait until my skin was less dry so that way it didn't burn so much going on
definitely know how bad those suckers can burn
because i'm not about to waste this product
i would recommend trying this even if you're hesitant
you can always return if it's not for you
not to mention the price
this hasn't bothered my skin at all
this mask does everything it claims to do.
this product does what it promises
where you can see them
i mean they were annoying to me
i don't think i could live without it now
i honestly did not want to love it because of the price
yess i did use the oil
it's the only thing i've found that does
guess that justifies the price
but whoa, was i wrong!
you don't need much to get the job done
it's crazy how i was able to see such a difference the first try
can't speak for this product alone
i can't wait to see what this mask continues to do for my skin
i want to carry this bottle like it is my baby.
after i do this
i did not mind
i didn't have crazy high hopes or anything
sadly i only received enough for one use
you will not regret buying this...
either broke me out or did nothing for my skin
can't say it will work for everyone
just thought the product wouldn't work for me
it does not break me out at all
i love it so much i'm willing to spend half my paycheck on this xd
it is not harsh and did not leave me too red.
because you're not supposed to use both
can't get past the idea of using a bar
holy grail i've never never used any product with this kind of result
i swear i have never
i still can't believe it!
if you've been hesitating, don't.
it wasn't awful enough that i wanted to take it off
i really didn't want to like this because of that hefty price tag
it didn't really knock my socks off
i just couldn't believe my eyes
honestly i thought this product was going to be over-hyped
i didn't expect to love it as much as i do.
i can't believe it's already over!
this doesn't work for them
as everyone else has said
i try my best to do what i can to get rid of them
man it did not let me down
please believe me when i say this has changed my life
i did notice that if i place it directly on broken skin it will sting a little
i think if i had one complaint it would be that i can't get a perfect balance of cream
i wish that bosia would fix that
i must say i recommend it
i don't know much about wearing this under foundation because i only use it at night
that will not break me out because i am acne prone
i love this, a little pricey but hey whatever.
i can't wait to get another
i say this noticing some other reviewers didn't feel like this hydrated enough
forever it felt like nothing would cure it
i cannot recommend this enough!
after just one use not anymore
i can't say anything about long term effects since i've only been using it for about a week
they never did anything extra special for me
or maybe it wasn't available yet
i could not believe it.
don't let other reviewers deter you because of the price
i can honestly say it's the best moisturizer i've ever used
nothing seemed to make a difference
honestly i have people stopping me on the street asking what i use on my skin
i know some folks have mentioned not liking the smell
my skin didn't change
you won't regret this
what do you expect???
wasn't sure what to expect with this
i cannot describe to you how amazing of a product this is
it makes all the difference to do it this way.
i've never found anything like it
the only reason not five stars is because i haven't been using it long enough
didn't see a big difference between this
you really don't need to apply a lot
i can't say enough good things about the product itself
does what it claims
though i have noticed it doesn't do well with the mac pro-longwear foundation
i can say that it delivers
which some people may not like
not sure what convinced me to purchase the product
i felt it was necessary since i can't say enough good things about this product
i can't rave enough about this product
it was not greasy whatsoever
this doesn't break me out at all
i can't imagine how much these people are using who are saying it's greasy
let me tell you
unfortunately it deos not have spf
i am telling you
i can honestly say i prefer this to all the others
nothing wrong with that!
would recommend this to anyone
i wasn't sure what to expect
don't find many that do the job for me
that is exactly what i'll compare my results
just one wrong product
i can't say enough positive things about it
i don't need it
just what i needed
given that this is a newer product by sunday riley- i feel compelled to write my first review to tell people wondering whether or not this is a smart buy
you won't regret it.
i did not have a single breakout from this
it just wasn't for me
it does exactly what it says
let it be known
i didn't think twice about it
the only time i do not use it is when i'm wearing makeup
which i do not do everyday
wanted to try this too
figured i would like this- i love this face cream
i didn't hesitate to buy the regular size
don't be afraid of the price tag.
needless to say i bit the bullet knowing i could return if it didn't perform
it's not too much
i follow with an oil anyway
t doesn't bother me
i really wish they would've avoided that.
sample was not big enough to see the difference in my skin
it was enough to see that it doesn't break my skin
or something of the sort.
give it a try...you won't regret!
not the case at all!
if you know you can't st
it did wonders to my skin!
it did not make me break out at all
i did not use it under my makeup or during the day because i feel it will be too heavy
i didn't find that this product help with my wrinkles
it did not bother my makeup routine at all
doesn't stay after it absorbs for those who may not like it
doesn't break me out
it does not seem to affect my acne prone skin in anyway
let's pretend that's a word
i wasn't sure what to expect
i love the entire kopari line actually!
this didn't irritate my eyes at all
i can't thank this company enough for having such a great product
i honestly didn't have high hopes for this product
you can never go wrong with a great cleanser.
frankly was afraid of using his regular acne wash so he tried this
actually cause you to break out
i wanted it simply because it was called skin laundry
does exactly what it says it will
my skin didn't react to it at all though
this cleanser does everything i expect
let me tell you this face wash is 10/10
you really can't beat the pice point either for the amount of product
have not had any problems w/ this
was not expecting miracles, so, i'm good w/it.
that's enough for me
because he doesn't take care of his skin
because i ended up paying for this one plus all the others that didn't quite measure up
this does wonder for my skin
even taking a picture every monday to know for sure if this product was worth not only the hype
i couldn't be more relieved that it actually does what it says it's going to do
i won't be using anything else
i can tell when i do not use the combo
my face i can tell
let me tell you
thought it would go on my list of things that don't do what they promise
i wanted to hate this because it's so expensive
i've gotten many compliments people asking me what i did
so you will not lose any product
maybe only in the winter or something
it's given me exactly what every other product promised
it's honestly with the price--a little goes a long way
i don't know what made me resume
i think it might have been how i was applying
don't fix it if it isn't broken!
but it actually did.
i really did not want to like this product
i really didn't want to like this cream because it is so expensive
i saw or read somewhere you are suppose to rub this product
if i don't do this i use so much product.
hope it's not this although i have read a lot of people do tend to
people cannot believe that i'm 48
not sure what would happen if i stop applying
not even a consideration when something truly works
i do not write reviews on something unless i truly think people need know they need it asap
it's not objectionable enough to send it back
i don't know what else to say.
i actually save money with la mer when i was spending so much before trying to find that product that would make my skin ageless
i decided to buy it because i do a lot of home treatments
wish there was something else that did the same job on my skin
there are some things i don't like about this product
not yet at the age of "ok let's get serious here" i have spent thous
if you're not ok with the price- look elsewhere
decided what the heck
i didn't keep the set
you either didn't give it a chance
this stuff is legit.
no matter what though
many will claim it's hype
it literally did nothing.
not be scared off by the number haters
i will not use anything else.
this is one of those cult products that you want to hate
you won't regret it!
i don't know why
you can't do that at holts.
wasn't in a rush to try it
i hate to say it but they made a fan out of me.
i believe you get what you pay for
i only use lamer when i feel my face is never rescuable
i can overlook that
i just wish that the products were not so expensive
if not for life
he never pays attention to stuff like that
you will see what i mean
i wish i could
you don't have to use a lot
wanted to give this a try since it's supposed to hydrate
i wasn't seeing anything that wow'd me
they did not work
for me didn't make it break out like my previous product did
that's how much i love it.
it does exactly that
i don't know how it works with other products
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i don't mind that
that didn't seem to exist
if you are someone who
nothing has really seemed to help until i tried this
putting oil on them everyday didn't even do this
i can't say much about what it does to the face since i am only 20
i didn't even wear any makeup today.
can't say own it holds up during the day
it doesn't seem to matter
i miss it when i forget or don't have time to apply
probably not because i have so many other products that do the same thing
i usually love anything
can't review the results yet
does nothing for me as a primer
now i know that all product do not work everyone skin types
when i say this product is life giving
this is the only one that actually works
i found that it didn't do anything
it is legit life changing
i would say it's normal to combination
smooth thats what you need
i couldn't tell which side i had applied it to
so at first i didn't really see the need for using this product or something similar
i really didn't think that i'd be into this product
even though it is not a primer
although it's not a primer i use this right before i do my makeup
this didn't give me any hydration
it doesn't bother me
it doesn't have a silconey feel
it does exactly what is says
you can put it under your makeup or even just wear it alone
however it doesn't last as long as i would like.
the only thing i don't love about this product is the packaging
it is not a long wearing product to be honest
it did exactly what it said it would
this method didn't work for me
this product is unlike anything i've tried before
i love it for my photos because i really don't have to edit much
i must say that it really does do wonders
at first i was a little confused on how i was supposed to apply this product
what is what meant for
it actually does what it says it'll do
but other than that it's amazing!
i really had no idea what to expect at all
t really helped even out my skin
even if i'm not wearing foundation
honestly for the times it's saved my day/night
all i can say i'm sooo glad i did
this is the product that i didn't know i needed
i love what this does for my skin.
i would not have discovered this otherwise.
i wasn't sure about this product when i first received it
this truly does what it says it will.
i received this complimetary from influensterthis product does exactly what it says
i can tell you
it is not a primer
in my opinion this product does exactly what it promises to do
what can i say about this product.
honestly i cannot say a bad thing about this product
it is not a primer so do not think it does things like a primer
i can honestly say it does all three
i don't have to touch up at all throughout the day anymore
the only thing is
it's not anything like a primer
you don't need much
this is not a primer
can't wait to use it more
you don't need much
it certainly does what it claims to
the only reason it didn't get 5 stars from is because it interacted oddly with my foundation
unsure how it'll do in place of or under smash box primers though
i couldn't believe it
i don't see why not!
didn't necessarily enjoy its scent
if anything i would say i have seen better results with this algenist serum
i didn't break out at all after using this
don't know if either will work well for me then
i can not live without this
i know it's not meant for acnes
i would probably buy it a few times over of it didn't have the smell
it's not it's intended use
first let me say i never give reviews
i would just throw it away after i didn't like the smell or didn't like how my face looked after using it
i keep looking in the mirror like i can't believe it or i'm waiting to see something i don't like about it
can't wait to see results after using it longer
that it wasn't so expensive because i really like it
it seems like you don't need to use a lot so even though it's pricy it will last a while
if you like the power line then you'll love this!
i can tell the difference in my skin every time i use it
a lot of reviews say it cause them to break out
i did not have this issue at all
not consistently though but that is no problem.
there's nothing really bad to say about it
it doesn't hurt if some get into your eye
i never thought i would like a cleansing oil
my eyes do not burn
you'll probably only need 1-2 pumps instead of 4 like i do
if you don't know what i'm talking about just google: 10 step korean beauty routine
i can't wait for more biossance products!!
my friends ask me if i did a facial!!
didn't break me out
i can't recommend it enough
it does what it says
don't know how to call it
id say my undereyes are quite dark
didn't like anything from sephora until this came out
it's not a miracle product, by any means.
actually does the job
have tried just about every eye product in search of one that i can actually see a difference
i did not thought could find this kind of results in so short time
it does what it says
i don't have to mess with all that
nothing has ever taken my circles down to a point where i didn't need to wear concealer- until this one
something like this probably won't work for you.
i didn't even know my circles could be fixed.
some of them don't work
if it doesn't work
does what it says
please give this product a try if you suffer from dark circles
cannot praise it enough
no one asked me if i was tired
not only does it work
i hate the idea of covering what i look like though
this does it all
even if i don't touch a breakout
you will not regret this purchase!
you can tell there was oil
i don't even know where to begin with this product
because i never want to be without it
i didn't think that i could love a face oil
wanted to try something with that anyway
i didn't know what to do
i just wanted to let everyone know how much i love this oil
did not cause any breakouts
sometimes it can go horribly wrong too
this oil does not give me breakouts
like all the others you would be foolish to not make these your go to products
i can't believe that sephora is now carrying this br
i can't say enough good things about it
not so with this oil.
i never imagined to be able to see such a difference
since i didn't want to waste the rest of the bottle
i personally haven't tried the others
i can't imagine there would be that much difference if both products are pure oil
it does not break me out.
cannot recommend it enough!
i seriously don't know what i've ever done without this oil
i do like it for that factor
not because it's bad
this is one of those products where you can use it for anything
don't be afraid of the term "oil."
can't recommend it enough
what an effect it's had already
i actually use it for my face
tell them to try it on
they can't believe it
this doesn't cause me to break out
i wouldn't even hesitate
which i didn't realize
their description convinced me to give it a try
i just can't say enough good things about it.
i honestly had no idea sephora carried their products
i cannot talk about this item enough
so he doesn't have to bother with several steps
whether i pop it or not
my only real con is that i can't see how much product is left
i would like to know what's in the bottle when it arrives
can't live without it.
i can't say enough good things about this product
i can't say 100% this is what cleared my skin since i changed my face wash at the same time
although i personally prefer to use a night cream after
i didn't see any dark splotchiness
can't wait to try their other products.
as i do not use any primer
this is the only one that does not
i did not get burned on my face
they do a good job if you want a quick
yes i do get some pimples here
but it does work.
i didn't want this to work for me because it's expensive
here's hoping they'll make their way in store too
the only reason i give it 4 stars
not 5 is because it didn't do anything "miraculous" to my skin--it's just a good daily moisturizer that does the job
what i love most about this product is it does in fact hydrate all day
it doesn't make me break out
anything makes me break out
not with this one
you know what i'm talking about
if you want to splurge
that alone would have been enough for me to give sk-ii r
eye cream is like nothing i have ever tried before
is like nothing i have ever tried before
you cannot go wrong with this br
you cannot go wrong with the r
if it wasn't so expensive i would use on my whole face
did what it was supposed to for me.
i did not use it religiously
i didn't have to sacrifice irritation
i didn't really think i had fine lines until i started using this stuff
not with this product
it's not a miracle worker
i may change my mind
anyways on to they eye cream as this is what you are trying to find out about
i think it's a wise investment.
i can't say that it wows me enough for the price
it did not irritate my eyes which means i do not have to cry
this cream does wonders for that too
it's a must have in my house.
not only did this work wonders
this did not irritate it at all
if you know what i mean
if this is something you've been thinking about i highly recommend you give it a try
irritate them i did find that with this product
can't wait to see my end results
not to say that with longer use it wouldn't.
i can honestly say it's a favorite
don't really have any
this was not an issue for me
or if i need to
all of the cleansers i tried were too harsh or didn't really help
needless to say, i don't have acne anymore!
but anyway, i swear by this cleanser.
i can't say enough great things about this product
it just wasn't cutting it anymore
never personally tried it
i cannot tell you guys enough how much this cleanser has helped my face
let me tell you
it's exactly what i wanted for the summer
i literally can't wait to get home
not only does this product smell amazing
it balanced it in ways i could not imagine
just remember that none of these are instant miracle products for everyone
exactly what i wanted
this cleanser did exactly what it said
i really noticed how much it helps when i didn't bring it on a trip for a few days
if the product actually works
i cannot rave enough about this!
this does everything it claims.
for the price you can't beat it
i actually love it
i can't speak on if it's helping with acne yet
i don't doubt that it will
this one does it
i don't know why i didn't try this before
could tell that no matter what my day looked like
it doesn't take much.
i didn't notice as much as an improvement in my breakouts which i would've liked to see
it doesn't break me out
i would recommend it to anybody.
it didn't make me breakout
i could not he happier
i will give my honest opinion
however i do not know if i would use all 3 oil control products together
oh my god i can't stress enough how much i love this
the name is really what it does no doubt
you do not need much at all for it to clean your face
this it's my honest opinion
i didn't realize a change instantly so that's why its at par with other products
wasn't sure if i would like it
it's just that i don't have great skin
that is not me
you're probably not really supposed to use it for that anyway
try not to use this everyday
didn't know what to expect
it's a little intense so be warned if that bothers you
i can't wait to keep using this
i wasn't sure what to expect from it
the only thing that i wish this cleanser could also do is remove makeup
this is not the case with the ole henriksen balance line
i didn't think twice about it
certainly not expecting it to take the place of my primer
i didn't need it at all
i wasn't expecting this to replace my primer
i do not need it anymore
something i never do
i can't see it
otherwise, i love it.
doesn't fully keep it gone
it doesn't break me out
does not leave me feeling like i have anything on my face at all
i do know that it treats my skin well as i've had no breakouts in months
the t zone was impossible to control
one drop is all you need, trust me.
just remember that none of these are instant miracle products for everyone
i must say that this is my fave out of the bunch.
i can rave enough about this product it saved my summer
not a problem now that i use this as my primer.
that wasn't doing much for me
i wouldn't say that it controls oil all day long
can't wait to try the other products in this line
i can definitely say this one did
any time i see that something promises to mattify my skin
i do believe this helps
i can honestly say this product works well for my skin
i wish it didn't
one pump isn't enough for me
you may need something else
didn't get out of h
i did my own test knowing this
i didn't see any pores at all no matter how light
they didn't show through
because it does exactly what it says it does so that's a plus
did not cause me to break out
f you're not a fan of that smell you're not going to like this line
i never trust any "oil controlling" products just because every time i use them they don't seem to work
it's not even that bad
i think you shouldn't focus on how it smells
you should focus on if it works or not
i love it like no other :
that is not me
so watch out if thatâ€™s you
it doesn't leave any sort of film after application
personally i did not have any issues with the instructions
i don't think some people underst
i can't wait to see more results
i don't think i have been using this long enough to really notice the anti-aging power
it did not irritate it at all
maybe i don't shake it enough?
maybe that problem would go away if i actually used it with my moisturizer as it was intended for?
i didn't have high expectations
i can't wait to see what happens after a full month's use
which didn't produce much of an effect
this product does what it says
it's enough that you lose a decent amount of a 7-day use product
honestly could tell there was a difference in my skin from the first night
can't wait to see the difference over a month or so
i dont want it to increase anymore than it already is
if all else fails i will return to this cream
however, it's not for me.
i did not see a clear difference after about 2 months of using this eye cream
it did not sting at all
this not only does what it says
it doesn't even look like i've put a dent in it
the reason why i give this 4 stars is because it actually does work
let me tell you
that truly did nothing for me personally
it does not disappoint.
it does not leave a film on my skin either.
yet not greasy at all
seems like it would work for any skin type
i do wish they would just leave the fragrance out
i must say its amazing
this won't work for you
but those are really my only 2 gripes.
sometimes i don't want to put that much effort into my makeup
i didn't think the wear time would last as long as it does
i wish i could give it 10 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!
let me tell you
i doubted any of the shades would match me
this is what i do
it didn't look as dark
nothing else on the market like this right now
not sure what's going on with the color on sephora
i wish i didn't like this stuff so much because the price is all kinds of silly for a plain moisturizer
i can't explain how it works
i never want to be without it!
when did this happen!!
i dont even notice the scent anymore.
anything that does not break me out is a win in my book
can't wait to have the whole collection <3
let me tell you
so as you can imagine
you know what they say
that is how it is
i can't tell you how excited i was that sephora was finally carrying it
i don't even feel like i necessarily need to wear some type of coverup to go out for the day
just not the price
if that's what a miracle in a bottle cost
i think any age could use this.
don't let the price scare you if you are able to take the plunge dive in you won't regret it
i do think if you apply properly this wouldn't go too badly under makeup
although i know it's not supposed to
all i can say!
now i can't live without it
don't have lines enough that are outrageous
i don't have any wrinkles to contend with yet
fail at finding anything else that would ever make me want to change until now
i also don't wear makeup all the time anymore.
it's a little pricy i would say.
this line does come with a lot of celebrity hype
i didnt think i would
i wasn't expecting much
i only don't like that i can't see how much is left as the bottle is not clear
does not make my skin react badly in any way
this particular line did nothing for me
i don't know how much of this is placebo effect
he doesn't notice anything it's been incredible or use it every single morning
i don't really notice this one
that's what i did :)
it doesn't break him out.
can't wait too long
at 28 i didn't want an intense
none have done the trick
because why the heck not
it hasn't made me break out
i didn't want to love this oil because it is a pretty penny
buy it, you won't regret it.
didn't have this stuff
i really didn't want to like this product
honestly forgot about it
i don't know how to describe it
does exactly what is described.
i can't stress how much i love this oil!
that's really not necessary
i suspect this may be why it has a few bad reviews
do not regret it
i cant live without this anymore
i do not break out from it
didnt want to believe the hype
was like why not?
that's just my opinion
not to say there aren't cheaper things out there that may work
i guess you can't please everybody.
seriously that's how much i love it
almost didn't get it because of the price
nothing else on my face
i don't know about long term effects
you will love it
if it didn't feel so heavy
yeah, this doesn't do that, at least not for me.
what do i mean by that?
that price though.... jeepers.
so you have to remember that
it doesn't affect the product
do not let the small bottle fool you
it does not take much
this one does not crease at all
i literally cannot say enough great things about this product
i don't need to wear foundation anymore.
if you want to spoil yourself
can't give it all 5 stars as i haven't used it long enough to see how much of a difference it can make it in my skin
there are things i have noticed about the product that i think people might want to know before purchase
i love this oil i even use it on my husb
you do not need a lot of this but it's amazing.
i guess you can say i have combination skin now
little did i know
i think it should be around 40 bucks.
i actually love it.
saw no difference so don't waste it
with my luck they didn't have it so one of the sephora workers recommended this one
it's now friday an i didn't expect my face to clear up
i wouldn't believe it if i hadn't seen it with my own eyes
it worked like nothing else ever has
i sincerely hope it works this way for someone else
settled for "decent" because i didn't know that miracle products like this existed
i didn't even know that was possible for a teenager
they were surprised something that wasn't hundreds of dollars would completely transform my face like this
i didn't even need to go in with a moisturizer
i did because like i said my skin is a mess
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because like i said
i recommend this to anyone !
stop hesitating like i did
i wasn't sure about this product online.
then do my foundation etc
this helps you do that
i figured what the heck
what i don't like though
don't know if i would but a full bottle:/
it does not have any heavy
because of the ridiculous price point- no primer should cost that much- i only wear it on weekends
didn't expect too much
i'd give this five stars if it weren't for the smell
you do not need as much product as beauty guru videos show
hopefully not this product cause it's a holy grail primer when used correctly
it's not the best product out there
wondered what the hype was about
i can't say enough about this product!
it does what it says it does
it has all these other things that it does too
not only does it smell amazing
i just wish it was cheaper:
this product does the trick for me
especially if i use the wrong products
not sure if it's really worth 54
would do the trick
it's not horrible under my other foundations
it certainly didn't do any favors for them
i would say if you want to try this
not sure if it has done anything special on my face
you know what i mean?
was happy to learn this doesn't contain any
/or don't do much
which is great because unless i'm going to a party or something
did not cause any breakouts
i don't think i can live without this product.
even i heard the hype over this product
after that it didn't
my makeup does not budge
you don't have to use a lot which is a plus
"wow" is just about the only word i can think of that adequately describes this product
other than i will enjoy using it what can it really do to change my skin?
nothing does what this does
if you're considering trying this product, do it.
it was not harsh at all
the only issue i have regarding this product is that it makes you're vision blurry if it gets in your eyes mainly as it's an oil which you're gonna have that issue with any oil not a big deal
it does not make me break out at all
i could tell after a couple of days of using this balm that it's not a good option for me long term
i didn't have to remove my makeup first
no matter what i use
i can't ever go back!
it did not disappoint
you really don't need much!
asked how i can get a makeup remover that was not harsh
for some reason it does not do a good job of removing my eye-makeup
this product didn't bother my skin at all
i don't only contri
do yourself a favor and try it!
which it did with the erborian
it didn't bother me at all
you won't regret it.
which doesn't bother me too much since the product is good
i just don't know if i'm sold enough yet in that regard
it's not a big deal
it is strange if you've never had that happen before
honestly if you use a small amount
i honestly think if you are the type of person who only wants to use one
you do not need a lot
because some of those lipsticks really do not want to come off
doesn't cause me to break out.
wasn't even considering this one
this does not seem to agitate it
it's hard to describe, but i like it!
you won't regret it
did not repurchase anymore
after a week of not using my skin did not feel as clean
that is not the case with this one, though!
thinking of buying but not sure?
it doesn't do the complete job on you then i strongly recommend you try this one
i don't have that problem with this one.
it's all i ever used
i swore i'd never use anything else.
this stuff dare i say is so much better
but not with this stuff!!
you really don't have to use a cleanser unless you want to
does not irritate at all.
that is exactly what it seems to do
having not yet heard about it
from what i read a few people have said it doesn't work on eye makeup
i wonder if some of these ladies aren't being patient enough
you have nothing to lose since you can return it if you hate it
i don't think you will
it doesn't get into my eyes like the clinique one did
not only does it smell
it does it's job
if you're not sure
this does exactly what is says
i love how even if you don't have a cloth
that's all i ask
what more can one ask for?
i love the fact that i don't have to use another product to wash my face after this
which i didn't like
i tried them all
i don't understand how this works so well.
it doesn't break me out which is a plus
none did the job
didn't know what it was
i just wish it wasn't so expensive!
i can't believe it!
i could tell a difference in the texture
there's something about this one
i cannot complain about it
does not leave any residue
can't beat the price either!
it's not the end the world
wish it came in a pump though because i don't really like pushing down
i honestly rarely ever review anything
i just figured i should use a moisturizer in the day
it's good, but not sure if i would buy again
this did not break me out at all
i can see why some people may expect more from it
you barely need anything
i can't wait to try more things from this brand.
not only did my skin love it
i do not like that this is in a jar though.
i don't find it think
figured i should try
have no complains here
and it will not give you any flakes .
i don't really notice anything i only care about the spf
it didn't give me much moisture
i can't believe how much just one use improved my skin
i actually use this morning
it's a must for you guys to try !
i swear i will never buy any other skin products
let's see what this does"
i honestly expected it to be yet another "it's alright" product
i don't mind that though.
i did just that and adore this for what it is!
i don't sit there
does exactly what it says!!
you will not like this
i really did not think this was going to do anything
not the case with this one.
who doesn't want that
of course couldn't wait to try it
wast able to see much difference on my pores
i really can't stop thinking about this mask
please do yourself a favor and try it !!
if you're someone like me who is sensitive to scents then you probably won't like this
i know there still some left on there
no matter how insane the hype is
i wish it wasn't so pricey because i am in love.
you don't need much
wasn't sure what to expect as i have never tried micellar water
honestly i'm going to have to just bite the bullet
i could not believe how much makeup/dirt/oil it removed
it's basically the same thing.
i didn't use it that way
the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the price
i do not need to pull
if you can afford to splurge give it a try.
then if it doesn't work you can return it
i didn't notice any difference in the texture though
so that in itself convinces me it's doing its job
did not irritate my skin at all
if i don't leave it on for too long i can't st
while it didn't extract all of them
this mask actually does work!
that didn't seem to be it's primary function which was a bit disappointed since that is supposed to be it's main purpose
i can't say enough.
it does what it says it does.
it really says what it's supposed to do w no gimmick
it does what it's supposed to do.
please don't ever stop making!!
this did not irritate it at all
it wasn't an issue
it does not irritate my under-eye area at all
i am not sure there is anywhere else you can order it from
can't believe the difference in my skin
one i already knew wouldn't switch anything up
while it doesn't apply to me
both are still $$$$$i cant buy all that i want
i did just that after arguing over who was wasting money
if you are much younger you might consider it a wwant either way i think your beauty regime must start with sleep
it just isn't enough for my face anymore
i don't use this at night though
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is bc of the price
i can't say enough about this moisturizer!
a bad thing about it is that once you try it
i can't even explain what this does to my skin.
i can't say enough about this moisturizer.
i honestly can't even tell the difference
i didn't love it because i didn't see much of a difference
i dont have much of an opinion on because i'm 22 i don't have wrinkles
i don't have acne or anything like that
you won't regret it !!!
that doesn't bother me since i've purchased glamglow masks in the past
i don't mind that at all
this does just that.
this product did not break me out nor caused any reaction whatsoever
does exactly as promised!
doesn't break me out
i love it enough to actually make an account
so, that's what i do.
i wish you got more product for your money
since i had it thought why not
i do notice that my skin looks better when i do use it
the best part about this moisturizer though is it does not break me out
this is not supposed to be a moisturizer
it didn't break me out
it didn't break me out though
i can honesty say i will purchase this product
i has not known how to withst
if you don't like the stickyness during the day
i can honestly say it's changed my skin for the better
i don't think that's necessary
personally i would never use this as my only moisturizer
although that is neither here nor there
some of the reviews here say they use it as a moisturizer alone
i don't mind it because i use it at night
thats all i can say.
does everything its supposed to do
can't justify the price
you could tell the difference in my acne
was willing to try anything
and my skin didn't seem to get bothered by it.
i don't think it was this product
but you never know lol
if you've got some extra money you're willing to spend on a one-time mask
i say go for it
not bad at all in my opinion
nor did i expect it to
this will probably work wonders for you
i would not normally splurge on a one-time product
the smell didn't bother me
it did wonders for my break outs
you can tell it looks way less irritated since they aren't red anymore
that's the only inclination of a downside i can find to this so far
just didn't want to take it off
where i live now doesn't have much humidity
i wish there was a way to preserve the rest as i didn't use all of it
with this one i did
you will love it!
it sticks to your face so you can do things in the 30-40 minutes you wait
my foundation didn't match me anymore
this did the trick!
nothing i tried would get rid of them
cannot tell you enough how much i loved it
can't wait to try the rest.
i wish it was a few dollars less tho
don't put this on when you've got stuff to do
this mask did what is was supposed to
i can't get enough
he even let me take pics of him in it!!
you don't need much product
it's not going anywhere
they do not slide around
i didn't have to adjust it all
so this does the trick in two easy steps
i know what you're thinking
doesn't hurt at all!
i just can't give it 5 stars
this did wonders for my skin
i'll gladly give up something else to have this instead
doesn't break me out
does not make my skin breakout
it just didn't work for me
i never leave anything on my vanity
never know what to use
i didn't notice a difference with or without it.
that's not the case with this stuff
the only thing i dislike is the price
i rarely go out
so many people were telling me to give it a try
like anything else you don't want to over apply.
you know what im talking about
if you dont need a lot of hydration
i guess you get what you pay for
won't be purchasing anything else
i am telling you
which btw never happened
please get this moisturizer if your skin seems similar to mine because you will not regret it
don't get me wrong
i gave it a try anyway
i never thought i would pay this much for a moisturizer
it doesn't break me out at all.
this is unlike anything i have ever used.
right before i tried this my skin was breaking out from a product it really did not agree with
you need to try this.
it had such good review i decided to try it anyways
let me tell you
it's not like any cream that i've used before.
this cream proved me wrong!
which i don't have
does not break me out
you won't regret trying this.
all i can say that the sample i got made me just say wow
does what it says it does
i didn't see any huge difference in my skin
i didn't want to love this product because of the price
i can't even make a coherent review for this
there are a lot of things that i just can't bring myself to pay full price for
this does wonders to fix my skin
i mean this isn't a bottle of miracles
ing return policy you don't really have much to lose
trust me i've tried them all
hate that this is so expensive:(
i can't say enough good things about this cream.
i wanted to hate this stuff given all the hype
oh my goodness if this ever gets discontinued i don't even know what i would do
i truly can't even believe it.
let me just say first
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
i do not break out
t turned me off of trying any other eye products
i can see a difference
can't really comment on that
if you're at that point where eye creams just aren't doing anything for you
it is the first eye cream i've used that actually does what it says right out of the box
let me say i have tried a lot of eye creams
15 days of just pm use i can't believe the improvement
i still haven't found anything else that i love as much so the price doesn't bother me
not sure what is in this miracle product
i cannot get enough
don't know if i'll find it
i just can't begin to describe how happy i am
i can't imagine ever going back to a greasy
cannot wait to get this product
it does exactly what it says that it's going to do
it's only been a week or so
actually do think it's brightening too
but, not this one!
she does it right
i never realized a product could do it all: retexturize/smooth
what black magic is this, honestly?!
i guess never say never
does what it's claim
i just still don't get the hype over sunday's products or the justification for the price
my sephora didn't have it in stock at the time i was there
i don't know where to start with this product.
nothing could have prepared me for this
i didn't even know it would do that because i got it for dark spots
even the one i almost didn't even try
the water would get everywhere no matter how careful i was
i cannot believe how well it works.
i did not find it to leave any residue
also, i do not find it to sting my eyes at all.
not sure if that's right
it does exactly as sunday states it should: it removed dirt
i love how it has a hint of smell nothing crazy.
i wasn't going to buy it
not only does it remove makeup
it's pricey for a reason, it actually works!
none of her products have let me down!
i honestly can't say enough great things about the entire sunday riley line
i can't explain how smooth it makes it as well!
for the price this can't be beat.
try it get it its only 20$ you won't regret it!!
this didn't cause breakouts whatsoever
this one did not irritate at all
i usually don't expect anything with masks which doesn't make sense why i would drop this kinda money on one
guess i wanted to treat maself?
name doesn't play tricks in your mind cus you realize it is what it's cracked up to be
not the case with the one
not sure about the brightening effects yet
not to the point where i'm looking like a greaseball
it doesn't take much to cover my whole face
this does the trick
decided to try this simply because of the huge price difference
it's worth trying, i'm certainly glad i did.
maybe because it's summer
guess that tells you something
i wish i could attach pictures so you can see how much my face has improved
just give it a try, you'll not be disappointed!
it's a must have for me!
without mixing it into something else
it's not cheap, so i wanted to try it first.
if it weren't so expensive i wouldn't hesitate because it works beautifully
i think i could easily use this
the scent didn't bother me at all
it doesn't provoke new break outs either
i didn't expect to love this!
i don't want to run out!
wasn't expecting to like this so much!
it did not disappoint
this oil has it all and does it all!
thought that oil wouldn't help it
honestly that's probably because people are using too much
it doesn't take much to apply to your whole face
i like it enough to keep using it
i didn't use it for a week
what do you know all of my baby breakouts are gone
i wish i could use it
it does seem pricy though for what it is
i didn't really think it would do anything
doesn't do anything because it's already been catalysed
words aren't even enough to express my love for this product
i suggest everyone give these a try!
it still doesn't foam like it did the first time
i wanted to say how much i love this mask
you really can't go wrong with this stuff.
that frightens me because i have the same eyes
after a month of use i see such a difference that i don't think i'll need the surgery
all i can say is
i also love the smell (but some may not).
the difference is yet to tell
or just did nothing
i didn't come home with a bottle!
sometimes you just have to try something to see.
i think i'll remain glad i didn't
just because something is expensive doesn't necessarily mean it will be great or even better
i love that you don't have to buy a pump
the only complaint i have is that it doesn't come with a pump
so it is what it is.
the only con is the scent; it's not for me.
finally a cleansing oil that does exactly what it's supposed to
does not leave any residue
if i didn't know better
allergies unfortunately so this serum didn't really do much
wow the result is just amazing if i could gave 20 stars this products would have it
god knows what else might be in the product
i can't wait to see what a couple more weeks of use will do for me
can't wait the full results
try something else if fine lines
i don't think de could ever do any wrong.
i would say it's a dupe to the $80 ones so save your money
which sucks because i honestly didn't want to fall in love with such an expensive eye cream :/
it does what it says
i don't have any 'major signs of aging'
i do notice a difference with this product
i notice a big difference when not using this product
that was something i thought would be well beyond any product
i really wish i didn't love this so much!
/ or covering them anyway
i don't know what's doing the magic in this cream
you get what you pay for.
i like this, though i'm not sure i love this.
anyone else experienced this problem or something like it?
try this you won't be sorry!
product that doesn't work.
i do see results
i just wish it didn't cost quite so much!
i didn't see immediate results
i can never find anything hydrating enough.
it did wonders for me.
5 years- so to say it did not help my dark circles that much is really not fair
can't say enough good things about this product
this is not for you--
this doesn't break me out
can i just say love!!!
t isn't going to leak when you put it down
i don't think i will be using this cleanser in the morning though because i think it might be too harsh
'm not sure why there's so much negativity around this product
which is why i give 4 out of 5
i would say this is for all skin types except maybe very dry
this one just doesn't dry me out like they both did
i don't see how everyone else thinks it is not good for dry skin
i will return solely because the smell isn't my thing
didn't think i would be able to top them
the only thing i can think of is that they have unrealistic expectations
'jelly' isn't how i would describe this product
this didn't wow me
i don't understand the hate.
then you'd also be angry so there's really no winning
that's all you can ask
there is nothing wrong with this cleanser
it's gone all with this one.
this does not sting at all.
not sure what is going on with some of these other reviews?
i do not get the bad comments.
my eyes did not suffer once
you will not have any problems
it's definitively my new go-to
i did not have a problem with this burning my eyes
this cleanser is exactly what i expected from de!
do be careful to not get it in your eyes
i simply make sure i turn until i hear the click
i don't know why a lot of you are fussing over this
can't really say how effective it is for taking makeup off
so did my skin
i actually like it
nothing drunk elephant will ever fail me
hadn't used much of anything else bc i like to be conscious about ingredients
i dealt with it bc i knew it wouldn't break me out
that's how some people already have it.
if you are a de fan like me it's worth trying out
i didn't notice any difference
i dont have that issue with this one
as for the smell some people say they don't like it
it's amazing it does what it says
give it a try, you will not be sorry!
so easy to use there's no excuse to not use this every night
i wasn't expecting to like this product to much.
i wasn't expecting much from it, tbh.
the product does not irritate my skin whatsoever
i don't know about how others use this
not sure why the instructions did not say
that's probably why they don't give you a lot!
pretty i didn't even want to use it
i don't know why people complain about the size
does what it says.
didn't break me out off anything
glamglow is known for its prices so honestly that wasn't a shock
they're not noticeable anymore
i actually love it
i didn't break out from it
it didn't blow up my skirt, but i didn't hate it.
does what it says
for those stating that it's not enough product
you get what you pay for.
didn't take much to cover my entire face
i enjoy using this mask not sure i notice any difference in my skin though
i think i can probably get three masks out of it.
not sure that i noticed anything firmer
what they say they do
i dont want it to go away
it's my go-to this summer for even
i figured, why not!?
can't wait to use it every single day !
and this one sure does!
if you can endure it
it's going to do you wonders
i can't get enough of it!
i guess the sent isn't for everyone
it says not to do that on the package anyway
didn't notice any weird smell personally.
after a while you forget it's there
i can happily say that this
i know it's hard to commit to a face mask that's $90
that's because it has 39
i can't pinpoint what it is
it definitely didn't make anything worse
i didn't use a whole lot
it just say that in the directions
i should have probably read the box
didn't waste any excess product i let it sit for about 10 minutes maybe 15
wasn't sure what to expect
i didn't feel like i needed a lot to do the job
i did not find this mask irritating at all
i find that's actually better because i can wear it
this isn't that bad
i didn't find it gross like others
this did not irritate my skin at all
nothing so bad that i can't h
for my skin doesn't exist something like :" i didn't see a result for a month
this did the trick.
could tell a difference that night
don't get me wrong
if i could show you guys a photo of the before
not only does this mask work
trust me it's a lot
i can't believe it.
buttttt it does not last !!
this did not make my face feel right after using it
this does not irritate it at all
not gonna lie at first i was a skeptic
i do not let water get into the container
i also do not have problem areas on my skin
i hope it doesn't run out too quickly because i'm loving it
don't let it sit in water
can't wait to get another one!
it's certainly not one of the bonuses
it's great for traveling because you don't have to worry about it leaking
i got it i tried it and honestly i love it.
then idk what you're doing
i personally don't use this to remove my makeup.
t doesn't not dissolve
can't speak to the longevity of the product would depend how much you actually use it
no matter how long i tried
which it's not advertised to do
i don't have a negative thing to say
which rarely ever happens to me
i really didn't know what to expect
the child in me wants to throw it at someone
i personally wouldn't use this as an everyday cleanser
didn't know what to expect !?
i didn't expect it to be a good cleaser at all
these haven't given me any problems
i can't wait to try the others
i got the red 1 and it does what it says!
this one actually does what it says it is going to do
it didn't burn my face like i've had some do in the past
it does what it says.
for $8 why not try it.
it did not irritate my skin which is amazing!
it didn't tingle on my face like others say
like the instructions say
the product stayed true to what it said it would do
it did the job
not sure why this mask doesn't have any reviews because it's awesome
i could bring myself to do it
i honestly didn't expect very much
i don't necessarily have problems in this regard though
as that isn't something i specifically look for
i am not sure how well that actually works
my skin wasn't red or anything it didn't break me out
honestly didn't expect this face mask to be that good
it's not often that i come across a product with immediate results
you won't regret it
not gonna lie i got this moisturizer because it was new
i honestly hate it
i don't think it's that amazing
not necessarily the overall look of my skin
you can't beat the price point for what you are getting
i want to personally say that this is a total game changer
i couldn't believe it
if you're wondering i haven't changed my makeup routine
it's enough for day to day
i place this on as a last step as i can't get enough of the c
this doesn't bother me at all
i don't even know how this came into my life
i now can't live without it
i love it and couldn't recommend enough.
buy it, you won't regret it!!!
don't not try it because of the bad reviews cause this mask gives me life
you won't regret buying this!
well, nope, this is the real deal!
can't say enough good things.
i donâ€™t know what it is about this mask
i can't pin point exactly what it is
it's seriously different than anything i've ever used on my skin
at the super reasonable price point for as much product as you get it can't be beat
this isn't a deal breaker for me
i don't know why i'm bothering to write a review since lately it seems sephora is h
gave it go anyway
this is one of the few products that didn't make me break out instantly
the spatula i can appreciate just hoping i don't lose it
maybe you didn't let it dry
you don't need much of it
the only thing i would say is i wish it didn't have aha in it
i wouldn't say it is heavy
guess it isn't supposed to
i couldn't believe how even-toned
i can honestly say i will be purchasing more of this item to have on h
after just a couple of uses i can say that i am in love with this mask
that it didn't really seem like it would deliver results
i forgot about it.
i could not stop feeling how soft my h
i couldn't help buying it
this is still a great mask i would repurchase as i like that it's a 'sleep mask' which the tatcha one isn't
if you're on the fence...try it!
let me tell you it was well worth the wait
i don't know if i'd say "glowy"
i rarely find that word applies to me
i do not think it is a miracle product
nothing else in terms of coverage
this does just that!
never thought i'd use that word to describe my skin
this product is so amazing that i have to say something
i made the huge mistake of not depotting some of this
there's a reason why this sells out so fast: it works
not to mention it smells like heaven!
none have the results this does
i honestly only got this because of the hype train
this mask did everything that it was supposed to do
i couldn't even see them
i never wanna be without it
buy this, you won't regret it.
trust me, you'll see a difference!
it doesn't last long
when compared to skii unfortunately it just didn't feel the same
'm not sure which one is working or it's a combination of the 2
i must say wow!!
didn't think i'd like it
was so busy i didn't get to do it so kept using it
i couldn't believe it!!
decided to give it a couple more uses-- so glad i did
im not going to say that it faded my acne scars already because it didnt
i didn't notice much the first week
always research a product before i commit to buying because i do not want the product to cause breakouts or damaged skin so everything new i try usually does my skin good
i figured well if it doesn't work i ll just bring it back
i cannot tell how big of a difference this has made in my skin
you need to try this.
i did try using it as a mask
i didn't notice much of a difference
i did not notice anything particularly different
i like it, but i'm not obsessed.
this will probably not be your cleanser
ok so let me start off with saying i have serious skin problems
i honestly don't have that problem
i hope sephora doesn't stop carrying this as they tend to do with a lot of products i like
i can't write enough about how much i love this product
you really do only need a dime sized amount just as the directions say
that's hard to do i know that
think it's really on a per person basis
i don't even have to use any foundation anymore
i know that i will continue to buy this product because it has done so many wonders for me
it did nothing for that
it does exactly what it says
i think may have even helped with it
i can see a difference when i don't use it.
so don't expect that...
i know it's because of this
you can always return it if you hate it
asked if my skin is tighter--it is certainly not
that's what i think my husb
there's nothing that can be done
i don't know what the problem is
i think it does ok
i notice a difference in my skin when i don't use it for a day
i can't live without it.
i really can't say enough about this product
when hope is not enough
you will not go wrong with purchasing this item.
didnt know if i needed anything else
she told me prob what i was doing was enough
i would sometimes just use this
please can't believe it when i tell them my age.
i just can't get over how smooth
t's hard to tell if it was due to this product or something else
it doesn't break me out
i believe it will
found philosophy's when hope is not enough
since i already use a bunch of other philosophy products i figured i would give it a try
i found my skin did not readily respond
i actually recommend doing this every so often just so you can see the difference
don't know how to explain it
i can honestly say that my skin is glowing
dont used too much it would cause u some acne
i can even go no foundation
i figured i'd try it
i do not know what it is
i do not have wrinkles
i can tell when i go without when hope is not enough
i don't think i will ever give this serum a terrible review
i can honestly say
just to let everyone know
it just didn't work out
perhaps i just needed to let o of my expectations
i really didn't expect it work
let alone how well it has
i don't go a day without using this.
i like it enough
i love it...& i am not an easy sell.
the smell does not last long
i think if you are on the fence you should try it
it still never ceases to amaze
if even that because you can't really notice any at all
i will never go without using this stuff- it's great
it is not for everyone
you can't really smell anything out of the ordinary
i wouldn't miss a day not using it.
there is literally nothing negative i could say about this product
i didn't see much of a difference while i used it
the difference you see is when you stop using it.
does not cause me to break out
i don't let myself run out any more
guessing it's the same
can't do without this now!
when hope is not enough makes my skin look like a model's
doesn't even feel like you have it on
it seems like you have nothing on your face at all
i can't explain it
didn't think i really needed a neck cream until i started using it
i wish i could afford to use this head to toe!
not necessarily for dryness
i did not have any reactions or break outs- my skin feels smooth
i am not sure if i'm supposed to do this
you won't regret it
if it were just a moisturizer i would say 5 stars
you can't beat the price
i don't know how/why it's priced so well
doesn't break me out
i don't think the performance is anything life-changing
even though i have not anything to it at all
t doesn't feel like you have anything on your face when you wear it
i didn't believe it
if you know what i mean
i would touch it
i would honestly pay twice as much for this
you won't regret buying this product!
glad to hear that they're finally in sephora!!
does exactly what it says!
this product did not disappoint
when i wake up i can honestly see the difference.
i cannot see myself without this.
i can't stress that enough
repairs your lips enough that you won't need to wear anything during the day if you don't want to
you really won't be sorry!
i can't say enough about how great this lip mask is
this doesn't do that
it doesn't work right away so give it about a week
i do not have such problems anymore
this lip mask does exactly what its' description says
i don't know what happens overnight
does what it claims
but i expect that from just a mask.
i know it's not for that
if you're like me
nor did i feel a need to reach for the chapstick in the morning
not a bad purchase at all.
this is the only product that has actually done anything for my lips
no matter what i put on it
this mask does just that!
i literally could not be happier with this product
you won't regret buying it
you really don't need much either each time you put it on
i can honestly say i see a big difference
at first it didn't seem to be doing much.
honestly i'm so glad i did
for $20 you can't beat this stuff
it doesn't need many words.
after using it, i didn't need that one anymore.
you will not regret buying this.
i figured i'd review it on here
i couldn't resist giving it a try
i don't think this would bother you
it's not offensive anyway
i didn't know i needed a sleeping mask until my friend asked me to try hers
i couldn't actually tell a difference from using them
this is something that actually works!!!
which is not something i say very often about stuff i try
once i go to bed it's not overwhelming at all
i wish their water sleeping mask did the same thing for my face
this does the trick
thought i'd try something else
boy i was so so so wrong.
at first it seemed like you'd only make this purchase if you have money to burn
this doesn't exactly plump
i dont notice as much if any peeling during the day anymore
i would say try this in a heartbeat
it does everything it promises
this does not disappoint
if it didn't work, i could return it.
even if i do not put on chapstick throughout the day
i wanted to try it
didn't know if it really was worth it
you will love it !!
i honestly think the price isn't even that bad
i saw someone else post that how expensive this is
i can't even believe how much of this product there is in the jar
i don't know if i'll need to
i can't use it every night
all i can say is wow
i can honestly say that this is probably the best lip stuff i've ever used
you will not regret it!
i can't believe this only costs 20 bucks.
i can't believe how big the jar is!
i can't believe how good this feels
instinctively, i ventured in because... why not?
everything else to switch it up
you get soooo much product it will last you a year even if you use it every single night
i didn't have high expectations
you know that no product can reverse time
couldn't decide what to spend it on
i want to think it's the summer
i can't get enough of it
unfortunately it doesn't do what my typical night cream does
the only thing i would change is the size of it!
t does not produce too much oil
this product does that
i swear i could feel it
you can't go wrong!
i don't like it at all
doesn't break me out
i don't even notice it after i apply it to my face
did not leave me with outbreaks
this does not irritate it
it didn't irritate it or cause a reaction
i don't know if i would repurchase
i didn't realize the difference a good moisturizer would make to my skin
didn't expect to see such a difference
didn't cause me to break out
a lot of people might not
sent doesn't bother me
can honestly say i love it
when i received this i wasn't sure what to expect
this did not bother it one bit even though the one i have is for normal to dry skin
doesn't really smell like anything
it didn't "wow" me
yet does not feel too heavy on the skin
it's something that i'll use only in certain circumstances
i gotta admit that right off the bat this is not something i would ever buy because laneige does allow their products to be tested on animals
the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because i don't give 5 star ratings to moisturizers that work "well"
i need for it to do something extra for $35
this does not effect mt opinion in anyway.
i must say that i had not heard before this br
actually does the job
not to mention i love the scent!
i actually like it now
this one did not disappoint!
i wouldn't necessarily recommend this for acne prone people though
it didn't necessarily exacerbate any acne
it certainly didn't help
didn't make my acne any worse
never been able to find one even remotely as nice
i can say that it didn't irritate my skin or cause breakouts
i actually love this
it's a hit for her for sure.
this products name is no lie when they say a water bank
that would be the only thing i'd have to say is a downfall to me
this product can do it all
not too heavy or too light where it didn't feel like anything
i probably wouldn't purchase it unless i notice extreme results over time
it's not too strong at all
it does have one
normally i would not need a product like this
because they clearly know what they're doing
i don't use it every day
i seriously wish i could just buy the scent in a perfume
i will admit i was a little afraid to use this product because i have combo skin
this cream is not like that at all
doesn't break me out
it did exactly that
i don't use it every day
i am not much of a cream person
maybe that would do enough so that i can also use a gel moisturizer in the morning
so while i don't think it's right for me
can't really say it's a bad product
just not for me
again, not a bad product, just not for me.
it does exactly what it's supposed to do
which lets me know it's working
and you can't beat the price.
this does exactly what it says it does
nor does it cause much congestion
didn't do anything special for me
why not try it?"
don't let the price scare you!
neither of them have irritated them
i don't know what i love more about this product
doesn't break me out
if you're like me
wow does it do wonders for the skin
this doesn't do that.
i do prefer to use it at night
since it does not have spf in it
i feel like people expect to see immediate
if you are hesitant because of the price point
with everything it promises to do
the first night i didn't notice anything
i actually didn't love this the first time i tried this
i didn't really notice a difference in my skin
didn't see the point
can see the difference
i can't live without it
they did it right with this mask
i can't imagine what it will continue to do for me
you should know if any fragrance will affect you at all
i find most of them gentle to the point where i wonder if they're even working
not with this one
i will say although you're getting 1
i didn't even have to use my night cream
this does everything it claims
it was so pretty i couldn't say no
tatcha never lets me down :)
i tried this on a whim and very glad i did.
at first i wasn't sure if the mask had made a difference
was afraid this one shade fit all wouldn't work on me
it does the job of what i was using before
which i don't see on sephora anymore
i wouldn't say it has coverage necessarily
exactly what i wanted it to be.
can't completely say it's perfect yet
you don't need that much of it
it of course does not
that what i did
though i don't always recommend doing this
you can go without foundation if you want
can't say enough about this amazing product.
so, i do not enjoy wearing much makeup.
don't say anything particular about the product?
not in a necessarily bad way
while i don't know that i think this product is meant for me right now
didn't notice a difference really in the 7 days
i don't really have a lot of fine lines or problems with firmness yet so maybe i'm not the best c
when i say it brightens you face i mean it
it did not disappoint
if i didn't already have a serum that i use i would definitely buy this product
heck i might even purchase some anyways.
i didn't even tell them i was using a new product
now i don't know if that was just for the samples
after 7 days of use i didn't notice any changes to the firmness of my skin i did however like the feel of applying this to my face
can't imagine what long term use could do
it's certainly on the pricey end-
it didnt break me out needless to say im a huge fan it works
cant imagine what it would do if used longer
i didn't notice any long term changes
can't comment on that
i couldn't imagine what an entire bottle would do
this does what it say!!
discarded because they did not work
it didn't at all
7 days wasn't enough for me to see much of a difference
i didn't necessarily have bags or dark circles
i don't know if i'd buy it
let me tell i can tell a diffrence in my skin already
i do recommend to any one wanting to splurge on a good serum because you can see the diffrence in just days
the only reason why it is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is i did get a zit
although i'm not convinced it is from this it didn't happen during this time
i don't normally have that problem
i did not have an allergic reaction which was shocking
i did not see a difference as far as that in my 7 days nor did i notice any fine lines being minimized
that wasn't a big deal
i don't see any difference in my skin
i didn't really notice my skin being any firmer
i must say that i love him!
i can't stop thinking about it
i didn't really notice any change in lines in my face
honestly don't have that many lines or wrinkles
didn't have any reactions
can not attest to that
when i recieved this product i wasn't sure how i'd feel about it
at first i didn't think it did anything
i wasn't completely sure what to expect when i started using the serum
however i wish it wasn't so pricey
of course i do anyways
didn't want it to make me break out
i dont really have any fine lines to touch on that
at first i wasn't sure what to think about this product
my skin did not break out
i sure do like it
i can't give detail on fine lines because i haven't seen any change
it honestly works wonders
did not have an off putting reaction
i don't think it was enough time to see a difference in lines
it did not break me out
bear my eyes although i did not put this product directly under my eyes
i did not see much difference there
you don't need to use much of the product at all
no difference that i could see
not sure about fine lines
such being gone or not thought
in not sure i got all of the product out or not
you wont be let down.
it didn't at all
all i could think
i wasn't expecting to see any difference in only 7 days
it does have a scent, but i don't mind it.
i did not notice any fine lines being reduced
it did not irritate me or cause me to break out in any way
it actually did the opposite
it's not to greasy which is one reason i love it.
it did not irritate my skin at all
don't have a lot of those yet
it didn't hurt anything
i wanted to have no expectations
i didn't change anything about my skin regimen
honestly if anyone asked me what to use in my position with aging oily skin
smooth their skin this is what i would honestly recommend
which i actually like
i like to use it at night so that the product can do it's thing while i'm sleeping
however i don't need it yet
i do not have any fine lines
as i thankfully do not need to have that at this point
it definitely isn't simply immediate results
i think i do see a difference which is enough for me
not only do i love the texture
i can't wait to see my skin after the 10 uses they recommend
the first product to actually do what it says it will
i now i can't live without this product
can't wait to see what 30 day results will be
i couldn't believe the difference i saw after 10 days of using it
i can't get enough of this.
does exactly what is says it'll do
i love that it's clear
please don't use it 3 times a day either.
for fear it wouldn't be true
please believe the hype.
i cannot believe how well this works!
i can honestly say, this stuff is the best!!
my other two products just didn't do anything
i would say combo
i do not get pimples anymore
this mask does everything it says.
honestly it's changed my skin
you don't need much of it.
: you do not want to get any of this in your eyes
have not had any reaction
i just don't like the fact that the company doesn't clarify the source of their product
nothing did the trick until now
i for sure recommend.
i dont wear face makeup so can't speak on how it works for that
you won't regret buying it!
i never want to use anything else
you won't regret it!
did not burn whatsoever like others i've tried
they were either too drying or did nothing
i don't regret trying it
if you like it
if you want something to make your skin not only feel
let me tell you
i think people should try it out for themselves
does what it says it will do
you pay for what you get.
i know you're not supposed to keep touching your face
does not irritate it
why didn't anyone tell me my skin was a mess?
i couldn't believe the results
as another person mentioned when you don't use it one week you'll definitely see the difference
you will know exactly what i am talking about
here's their process in a nutshell
i don't have any wrinkles yet
i don't know where to begin?
i gotta say volition hit the mark with this
did not realize i needed
i can honestly say it's one of the best i've tried
i can't with these products like seriously did they come down from heaven or something
let me tell you
they don't have a lot of products
i didnâ€™t want to disappoint myself anymore.
all i can say is, it works.
it wasn't at all
who doesn't want younger looking eyes?
here's their process in a nutshell
the fact that you can use this day
this one works wonder
it's something that now i cannot live without.
i don't know how it works
i just know it does work
you will be glad you did!
an eye cream that does what it says itâ€™s going to do
i can't use anything else then this eyegel.
volition beauty cares what you want in a product so tell them your thoughts about what you want from skin care
this stuff does the opposite.
someone asked me if i have had work done
would not feel like you have anything on
after trying on like everything in the market i can say "this is it"love it recommend it
it's kinda obvious this was the product i received
it's not really as crazy special as any other cream
it didn't feel luxurious or do miracles on my face for 68$
this did not have a negative affect to me
some people may not like it and that's fine .
i didn't actually smell that much scent to it
opinions" of others that never actually used the product
i don't like everything from them
let's just say there's a reason everyone
you can't go wrong with this product!
needed a moisturizer that did not make me break out
you will love this.
i won't change this product for nothing in this world it really work
performance make me question ever trying anything else
i can't believe sephora is selling this
i can't recommend it enough.
i wasn't doing anything different aside from trying this
no other words to say other than yes.
that one product that ever lets me down
did not cause any issue
if you want to try just one kiehl's product
it just... it does what it says it will do.
that alone says something!
i can't believe they're adding kiehl's to sephora
i can tell when i skip a night too.
i can tell that i see some results
you don't need a lot
even better: it did not tighten
i could not recommend it enough!
if you're on the fence, i say go for it.
i give it four stars because the eye makeup doesn't really come off with it
it's not coming off
i can honestly say that this one right here is by far my favorite
you won't regret it
which means i can actually do it in the morning haha
can't speak on that
seriously, you need this in your life.
will never use anything else
they never really faded or did anything
it's not like i haven't tried this with other br
see what else it can do
i don't need to wear foundation if i don't want to
let me say that it stung on certain areas of my face
at least i haven't found it yet lol
it didn't really bug me because i always use this just before i go to bed
i can't wait to buy another bottle
i couldn't believe it!
i can't believe the difference.
i can't go without it anymore!
honestly it's a must have
had to see what the fuss was about
i wasn't seeing results
i've never seen any product do that
i expected some of that since this does have aha in it
okayyy so here's the story
i couldn't help myself
does not create a single problem as long as i hydrate the area enough
can't see myself not continuing to buy it
let me just say
it doesn't say much about its ability to fight acne
please give it a go
they all did not do anything
could not get one thing to make an impact on my skin
did not made any reaction
this one is doing what i expected to do
i didn't receive the benefits anymore
at first i did not like it
this stuff does not just "clear up over night"
that is not to say i am acne free forever
you won't regret it.
i wasn't using any treatment
i can't say that i've seen much improvement in fine lines
everytime i try something else within a week i am unhappy with my skin
this is the only thing that works
did nothing for my skin
it's not too bad
this is honestly a miracle product!
it's not that bad
i didn't think my skin was even dull to begin with
even though i didn't enjoy the smell
if you could even call it that
my lack of consistency at that age didn't let the product do it's job
not only does it leave my skin smooth
those products were good but didn't wow me.
it does what it says it will do!
just thought i would reccomend this product for anyone going through the struggle of acne
i don't break out anymore
i personally don't find the smell an issue at all though
it did nothing for me
didn't have high expectations for it
i know i'm not the only one who's allergies have gotten completely out of control
it does not bother me
so let me now actually review the product
i can't say overnight results will happen
does what it says.
even that wasn't enough
my other moisturizer did not seem to be doing the job
did not disturb me at all
this moisturizer did not break me out
didn't make me break out in the past
i can't get enough!
though it's not necessarily a miracle worker
on days that i don't bother with make up
it smells exactly like a dreamsicle popsicle--so not necessarily my favorite--
it hasn't at all
i can buy one thing of this
i didn't buy for sensitive skin as mine is not
i don't know how i lived without this moisturizer
it's the only thing i had really changed recently
'm not sure if if was the moisturizer or something else
i am acne prone and it does not break me out.
please ole henriksen do not change this formula
let me just say
i couldn't find anything that would work/help my skin without irritating it
i don't know what it is, but it smells amazing.
it doesn't disturb me
can tell a major difference when i forget to use it
no matter how many moisturizers i tried none seem to help
the only thing i do not like is how expensive it is for how small the jar is
i can't imagine using anything else
i found they do what they say if used correctly
thought why not try this nurture me product after the sheer transformation
what can go wrong?
not sure which one
but i like it.
they aren't obviously visible anymore
doesn't break me out
i can honestly say this cream has transformed my skin
let me tell you it smells like skittles in a jar what could be better than that
doesn't make me break out
i never thought i'd buy a $40 moisterizer
it definitely doesn't just sit there.
it's never felt this way before.
i can't wait to see how it helps my red patches as it says it will
i needed a face cream that actually works
she doesn't need as much product to cover it up when she goes out
if you thinking about it
i would reccomend this 10/10 for anyone with normal skin
i can't see myself stopping any time soon
i can see the difference with this one
f you hate strong smells it might not be for you
this is a product i can't live without!
it does its job although i'm not wow-ed by it
i tried the 3 little wonders from oh
it does everything it says it does.
buy it and you won't regret it!
as i ran out of the cleanser i wanted to try something else
i did enjoy it
i won't purchase again because i can't justify the price if it isn't particularly special
this cleanser did not disappoint.
it doesn't really do much for black heads
i would recommend it to anybody
unfortunately i am not sure how long a bottle lasts
i couldn't justify the price
you do not need to use a lot
not that i have tried eating it
this was not it
never use anything else again.
it is just enough
i can't imagine not using it
while it does say that all skin types can use this
i can't praise this enough.
not harsh at all.
can't say enough about this cleanser!
doesn't hurt if gets in my eyes
i didn't think it was anything special
doesn't bother me at all
i hope they didn't change the formula.
i will not use anything else.
i wouldn't dare wash my face with anything else.
this is exactly what i need for my combination skin
i didn't use this product for that purpose
it does what it promises to do
in terms of oil control this doesn't do that
it's not something it claims to do
i guarantee you will love it too!
it is not too think
it does not have a scent
i don't think i need it because of this stuff
not sure how well this is on it's own though.
it's not only fixed that
i don't think i'll return it because what i do it use it at night time
aka something that does not break me out
it wasn't until today i realized that my skin
i wish it wasn't in a jar though
i also like that it does not have fragrance
it doesn't really do anything else
this didn't break me out
i didn't break out
i wasn't really wow'd by it
this stuff does wonders
not sure about making skin tone even
i've tried everything thing you could imagine
i don't know how to compare it others
would not recommend anything other than this
on bottle number i can't even remember.
it doesn't agree with my foundation at all
i can't even begin to describe how this worked out for my skin
regret not using it sooner
i can't even remember the last time i've had a zit
doesn't break me out
i can't go a day without it
couldn't live without it!
ever since i haven't used anything else until i sadly ran out
i can definitely tell a difference when i apply foundation when i do not use it
doesn't last very long
it did not cause me any trouble
doesn't move my foundation around
i cannot get enough of it
not sure it is thickenough for a night cream
just seems to do the trick
not many times with makeup to know how it feels
doesn't do the opposite of what it's supposed to do
but it does the job!
didn't help my makeup at all
i don't even need it
i do recommend giving this a loooot of time to sink in before applying anything over it
i wonder if i'm even using enough
but even if i'm not, i can see the difference.
i wasn't even expecting that
i just did not see any obvious difference in my skin while using it
not sure what all the poor reviews are about
not sure if i will buy the bigger bottle just yet
like you are supposed to
i can't describe how much i love this product
this may not be for you
i noticed that my face didn't look so bad for someone who didn't get enough sleep
i noticed many people said they don't like the smell
i can honestly say that i cannot imagine ever stopping use of it
i really hope it wont break me out because i love it
i can see the difference
i don't use this anymore
i did not notice any change
you won't be sorry
it was really embarrassing because i don't usually break out that bad
i notice a difference in how my skin looks if i don't use this product
i wasn't using it for that effect
this does exactly what i wanted it to -- brightens
because i imagine it may not do well with my makeup due to the consistency
i don't wear foundation or anything
can't really speak to how it impacts that application
at first i didn't like it
i will say though
not sure if it's doing anything or not
so don't think that you can skip that step after applying this product
my skin didn't react well with the sheer transformation
it does wonders to my skin!!!
i never have break outs anymore
so unlike many people leaving reviews i am not trying to get rid of them
i know people say the product makes them breakout
i love what it does to my skin
they never actually materialize
it didn't break me out
i don't mind that
its everything i want
honestly that is all that you need
maybe not so bad to someone else
if only it's not soooooo expensive
this product does wonders.
will not go to anything else
i don't think this normally happens for people
maybe try applying this to sections of your face to make sure you don't break out
i can't believe how much it has changed just in two weeks of using this
i can't say enough good things about this.
i can't get enough.
i do get a pimple here and there but not often.
at first i didn't notice anything
without acne or scars i thought i wasn't gonna notice a difference
i do recommend it!
i didn't use it for a while
so not sure if it was this alone or both
you really don't need to use much of this product each use
didn't make them matte like the name says it does
i know some do not like the scent
it looks like they just changed the name
it doesn't bother me
i could see where it might bother other people
i would say though
does what it states
i do not break out with this product
it doesn't make me break out
i would definitely recommend this to anyone
doesn't bother me at all
the only reason it's not getting 5 stars is that i'm not a big fan of the smell
it is light so you don't need a huge amount
love sephora but that's not a small difference.
i just was not enough
so dont freak out if this happens
you might not like the smell of it
it did not break out my skin
you barely need any
this does the trick.
it does not make me break out one bit
it does not last
this product does what it says .
no matter what i did
this product doesn't do that.
just admit that this works
can't find anything else like it
you really can not beat the price!
i will never try anything else.
it is a must have, can't live without product!!
i did a lot of research
it doesn't bother me at all
it is wonderful to find a product that i can use during the day that doesn't cause me to break out
if you don't like pichouli
you probably wont like the smell
i don't think i would call it matifying
i didn't really care for the smell
although it didn't help with breakouts
not that much anymore
i honestly can't tell if it's from using this lotion or not
does not make me break out
this product did not disappoint.
doesn't break me out
i used this product two weeks i guess..i like it.
it is the only one that does not make me break out
greasy so you might want to use it at night only
i could never justify the price
if i look at a product wrong i may break out.
noticed when i didn't wear it
because i don't think oil skin can stand this.
first of all if you don't use this all i can say is get it now
haha i don't think you can go wrong with a product that is h
you would never know it looking at my skin
i just wish i could afford to spend 200 on a moisturizer
i can see someone with oiler skin only wanting to use it at night
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
have not/will not do surgery
go to youtube if you don't get it
when i got the cream i didn't like it cuz i was using it wrong
i couldn't imagine ever doing without it.
i literally can't go without it.
i can't compare it to anything
it is true what they say in the description.
t may be hard to use this
that's how they are supposed to be
if you aren't used to it
i actually can't wait to wash my face at night
or right when i get home because i simply can't wait for this level of pampering
you're wondering what it's doing to your skin
every time i try to change products i just end up spending $100+ on a bunch of stuff that cannot compare to the results of this cream
i can't believe how well it works
i never knew a moisturizer could make such a difference
i do not skimp- night
i do not use in my tzone
if you just use it for your face
this doesn't make me break out
if you are neither i would save my money until you need it
i wasn't sure if i should get it
if i told you how bad my face was you wouldn't believe me
i can't believe it.
this doesn't do that at all.
i would recommend this to anyone.
the girl didn't know much
it's going to last me long enough to where it's actually saving me money in the long run
you don't need to use much at all
there's not much you can do with that
i seriously have no idea what all these people are complaining about regarding the smell
don't know if this has necessarily improved my acne
which does not bother me
i didn't see a great change after using this product
it was just ok, not bad but not great either.
i am not kidding, it's like magic.
can't actually recall what it smells like
love what this does for my skin.
you have to give a product time to see if it's working
it doesn't make me break out
unless you are having bad reaction from the product itself
overtime i've realized truly just how much trial
i don't know what they are talking about
when i don't use it i can tell a difference
the way others do
i did not dislike it
i actually love it
in fact like the smell it does have
i don't know why everyone complains about the scent
t is important that i find something that is not going to irritate my skin in any way
it does not agitate my skin in any way
my sephora store didn't carry it
i hate it when i get off work
i actually like the smell
i don't know why so many people are repulsed by it
since the product works i don't see any reason to stop using it
it would be a 5 star if the scent wasn't so bad.
now he can't stop complimenting me about it
no real wow factor...yet.
it also does not cause breakouts like alot of others
this is a product you either love or hate.
you don't need much
doesn't break me out
can't blame it on this
i think everyone should give this product a try
i don't blame you if you can't h
which makes sense anyway
might not be moisturizerizing enough for some.
i think this is a love-it or hate-it type of product
didn't help much with my breakouts
i don't even need foundation at this point
didn't get the effect of this one by philosophy
the only thing i did not like about this was the smell
i read that it did not have a scent
the first couple days of using this product i did not notice any difference in my skin texture
it didn't irritate my face at all
i can tell a huge difference if i use it or don't
it has worked like nothing else.
i can't live without this product.
i can barely see them anymore!
so far i don't see anything bad with it.
i can't say enough great things about this product
that wasn't really helping anyway
obviously it's not the same
at 35 i thought i wouldn't have to deal with this issue
to need a retional treat meant yet
this will be one i can't live without.
let me tell you
i do notice a difference
if you're like me
felt like it did do much
then that's what you need in your life
i can't use it all over
it's not an overnight game changer though
i rarely have any serious breakouts anymore
i think this will still do a world of good for anyone with any lines
i don't seem to see any effect on the fine ones
i refuse to tell anyone my real age
i wouldn't really call it a miracle product
i am not sure about the pore-reduction claim
i would recommend this to anyone.
i can honestly say nothing has been as effective as this product -- not even my clarisonic
it actually does what it claims to do
you really can't beat it
skipping usage didn't work for me
nothing else seemed to be working
you will love it!
now that i don't really use foundation anymore
i can't say enough about how this product has transformed my skin
they either don't do anything
it does not work overnight so you should not expect that it will
don't hesitate on this one
this product actually does exactly what it says it does
even if it doesn't
i am fortunately enough to not have to worry about wrinkles
'm never without it
i don't even have to use foundation anymore.
dont know how it would compair
while this product did not make my wrinkles
they don't look bad as they used to be
i didn't expect 100% miracle anyways
it is not a big problem anymore
i am not sure about whether it's working on pore-sizes or wrinkles yet
i don't put this all over my face because it doesn't need it
although i wish i noticed an improvement in fine lines i honestly don't see a difference yet
it might be my imagination
i can't give it up
figured i'd just return it if it didn't live up to the hype
didn't have many before
i wouldn't want to be without it!
i can't say enough good things about this product
i didn't because i have always been
i almost returned this and i'm so glad i didn't!
i couldn't see any difference in my skin
it does nothing for them
since it doesn't do much i didn't like it
this isn't the one you are looking
but didn't do much about my dark circles
my caudalie eye product didn't even do that!
i didn't really think it did anything special
thought: why do i look so dead?
i guess those are almost impossible to rid of
it may not work for everyone
there really isn't any way to get to it without cutting open the container somehow
you can see the product in there
lack of sleep and 3 kids didn't help the cause!
most of them either didn't work
i can't give it five stars because it didn't really do anything for dark circles
try them...you will not be sorry!
often do not appear that way
it seemed didn't help with my dark circles
that's why i have dark circles i guess
i got it in a kit and it's a must for me now.
know i'm not imagining that it's working
although i do not need at eye cream
it does exactly what its supposed to do.
what more could you ask for.
this product does not bother me at all
let me tell you they're bad
you don't need a lot
i cannot wait to see what more time will do!
although it does not do much for my dark circles
this one i am not
i think some reviews are a bit inaccurate because people don't know what the products actually do
which is something i read somewhere
let me tell you
haven't used it long enough to know if it works
i know it's a little pricey so not sure if i would buy it again once it's done
smells like what i expected.
i did start to see some difference
i did notice results
i would recommend it to anyone :)
i can tell a difference in my darkness when i don't use it
to those that are saying this product did nothing for their dark circles--this product isn't meant to target dark circles
need to use something else with it.
i honestly wasn't expecting this mask to be that good
buy something that actually works
can't get no better!
i wasn't expecting much from this mask
i owe it all to this mask right here
i don't know why
afraid that it might just make me want things i wouldn't be willing to buy in the future
it's lasted me forever
use kate somervilles eradikate when this doesn't do the job
i can tell you that i never spend this kind of money on anything
i don't regret it in the slightest
i hardly do reviews
this product cleared out my skin like nothing else
can't live without it.
i knew that i would
didn't see any changes in terms of acne
it didn't irritate me
i must say this mask is amazing.
i know that's bad
that you do not need a lot of product
this didn't bother my skin at all
i don't have a pizza face or anything
i never thought i'd find a miracle product
i would even recommend it to people with acne
this product does exactly that!
it's gentle enough while doing what it says it will do
this is the one product i can't live without!!!!
then i realized that's exactly what this mask is supposed to do
this didn't irritate my skin at all-- i found it really easy to apply
it did everything a mask should
it did not make me break out
maybe it was doing what it's supposed to
i didn't leave it on long enough??
what do i come home to
i don't think i would ever purchase this
i honestly can't say anything more than every positive thing that has already been posted
luckily with sephora they are able to give out samples of their product so you aren't obligated to buying without trying
it's like they know me or something.
it's nothing terribly offensive in my opinion
this did not cause any irritation
it is not harsh on my face.
can't love this product enough.
life changing product, it's a must for anyone!
not so big on the price
i honestly haven't had a single pimple since i started using this
it does just that
it is seriously so good that i didn't even look at other products when it was time for a new bottle
my skin does not let me
i would say if your nose is drier you might want to go over that area more
unless i'm really rushed i prefer it that way
this is not cheap
does not bother my skin adversely in anyway
it's about that time
there isn't one negative thing i could say about this product
i could not even smile
did not break me out
i did not expect to look younger
because the store informed me they didn't carry this one anymore
it does nothing for the skin like this one does.
it didn't seem to do the job
i don't know why i was attracted to this product
this has not bothered my skin at all
does not irritate my condition
which does not make me break out at all
can't say enough about this.
wouldn't make me break out
they did not work for me
i am not going to lie
you don't need to use much
this product hasn't done that to me
didn't think anything could be better
it does not make me break out
i don't think it's necessary to have it in all my products
you seldom feel like you need it
i love this product because it does not irritate my skin
this did not cause me to break out in the least
t was actually breaking out more
does not make me breakout
i would recommend this line to anyone
i can't wait to try more from this brand!
not have to worry about it being greasy
it does what it is suppose to do
this product does not do that
the one thing i didn't like was the price
i don't mind it
i figured what the heck
this does not cause my skin to break out
i don't want them to change this great formula
i think would probably work on any skin type
i simply love it
i can't thank the sales staff enough for recceommending this product
nothing i do will make it pop up.
this isn't for you
there is something about this
this product does nothing
i love this for what it's purpose is
i order the wrong thing i had wanted the oil cleanser
i didn't think that was possible.
or rather you don't have to
many ladies on here complain that it does not remove makeup
packaging can say one thing
i can't say enough positives about caudalie
it can't do the work
all of the dirt that you had no clue was on your face
now i know why
why people are complaining about it
i m waiting to see if it's still working for me
i found that i do not necessarily have to rinse afterward as it is similar to the cleansing water
do not need to use much moisturizer afterward
it hasn't made me break out
it does a poor job at doing that
i make sure to remove my makeup with something else first
i did get kind of red
i only write that in case it happens to anyone else
for all i know
if it does happen
my skin is just starting to act like i'm not in my teens anymore
can't use anything that will make me break out in my t-zone
i like it and would recommend it.
i wonder if they know that they are soul mates...
don't get me wrong
you are in the wrong department
i believe it's called
with this product i don't have to worry about that
doesn't cause me to break out
but i wish it didn't have a plasticy smell.
this is all you need
i notice a difference when i don't use it
it doesn't break me out at all
does not make me breakout
it's just about done
i can tell a difference when i use this product
i do not think i will repurchase however i woukd recommend
for some reason my acne scars did not fade when i was using this
this does wonders for my skin
can't say anything bad
when i got there the sales person asked me questions about my skin
not even half a pump
that's when i knew i had never tried anything like it before
i can't quite pin what it is
it does the job
my only negative is the fact that i can't tell when it's going to run out as the bottle isn't see-through
i don't necessarily have acne
trust me when i say i've tried a huge amount of products to get it under control
this product doesn't break me out
couldn't find anything else that was anywhere near as good as it
this product is honestly a miracle
i will never use anything else!
while it's not a miracle worker
i cannot say enough how much this cleanser has changed my life
it does not disappoint
this is by far the on wash that does not irritate my face
absolutely will not even try anything else
can't believe i hadn't reviewed it sooner
it doesn't break me out at all
i didn't even know reducing my redness was possible for me
let alone that a cleanser would help--i've tried everything
which i have yet to try since they're always out
this didn't irritate it at all
not sure if related to this product
there's no doubts with this one
does not leave it tight
that one didn't work for me at all
didn't have problems with it
i would truly recommend this product besides us not harsh on the skin
they don't work at all
i don't know what they were thinking with this design
if it wasn't such an effective product i wouldn't bother
i simply love this product.
cannot say enough good things about this product!
that's all you need to know.
i don't think it has that much
i don't know about anyone else
now i don't get any like that
would not be harsh on my skin
i would definitely recommend it to anyone
i wasn't expecting it to be so effective
which we should be doing anyway
it just doesn't do anything except sooth
this does not irritate it
they will occasionally happen anyway
that's the only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5
since it's clear i'm sure you could
you can't beat that.
i can't imagine living without it
i really cannot say enough good things about this product
the few i do get now are not as bad
can't tell if it's working
not sure if it's the main treatment
maybe that's the zit's fault and not boscia's.
because the travel size really doesn't go that far
i just wish you would get more for the money.
it does not cause your foundation or blush to go onto your skin differently
it doesn't work miracles
i don't have fine lines under my eyes so only time will tell if it prevents them
i can't speak to it's effectiveness
i can't say enough good things about this eye cream
i really hope that boscia never gets rid of it because i seriously don't know what i would do
it's doing the trick for me
i will never use anything else.
does what it should
that thought didn't change much after trying a h
i didn't notice too much change in the fine lines
when i forgot or missed, well, not so much.
it's not see-through -- only had enough for one eye this morning
but this one does not cause that.
the only thing i dont like is the packaging.
i think so much is left inside which we cant pump out
i would recommend this to anyone of any age.
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
my only complaint is that it doesn't do enough for dark circles
you can see for yourself
i didn't find it did much for my under eye bags
for someone who doesn't have that issue
can't say if it helps with that
that's what i need at 63
i don't think there's any product out there that will do that
boscia because it does not have all that extra stuff in it
even when you've had a crazy night out
i recommend this product to anyone who wants something simple
i will never use anything else.
first eye cream that actually does what it claims
if i miss a night i can tell the difference
it hasn't done anything for my dark circles
that doesn't do too much
you don't need much of it
sephora has a great return policy do you won't lose anything if you end up hating it
this one did not disappoint
just use moisturizer for a while because i figure it's not doing *that* much
i forget how bad they really are until i run out of this treatment
this was the only one that didn't burn worse when she put it on
i just could not justify spending $165 for the la mer eye concentrate anymore
i also really like that it does not create any kind of a film that interferes with makeup application
this cream does all it promises to do and more.
i didn't expect to see wrinkles already
it's nice to know i can do something about it
basically i wanted the most bang for my buck
have to say i am a fan
not sure it does much for my wrinkles
can't say if it helps with that
this has done nothing to irritate it
i don't know if i'll be able to get all the product out
it's not a miracle worker
i am also a person that if i look at a product wrong i am at the dermatologist
i would recommend this to anyone.
yep it's a condition that as a toddler i asked my mom where do they come from
this product does not do anything negative to my skin
i personally wouldn't use it a lot
this whole line is amazing- korres can do no wrong
wasn't really expecting much
i only use it on days when i am not wearing any makeup because it doesn't make my makeup look good
this one does for a moment
using this absolutely did not cause any breakouts
i can't tell you what a difference it has made to my skin
i will never be without this stuff!
i find i don't need it
the only thing "negative" i have to say about this is that
if you do see the results you want
just like anything else from korres
never had anything like it.
this one does the trick
everything that happened in it
how makeup reapplications didn't seem to be that big an issue
i would never replace my night cream with anything else
i think the scent is light enough where it doesn't bother me
i don't think it was enough during the winter
i don't know why people complain so much about it
i can't express enough how much i recommend this to everyone
you won't regret it.
i would not use this in the daytime since it is not mattifying although not necessarily greasy
this does not add any grease whatsoever from what i've seen
didn't also love it
this definitely doesn't disappoint me in that department
what i don't love so much is the scent
not sure about that
it's not for you
does everything it states!
i didn't return it only because it smells amazing
now i don't even notice it-
doesn't break me out
people tell me i never age!
i will not use anything else.
i don't know where i'd be without it
idk if that's what it's supposed to be used for
that's what i use it for
i don't know about other people
for this reason i don't like to use it under my make-up
will not use anything else for my face
you just can't go wrong.
decided to just purchase 3 of these because it's a better deal
for those who do not know how to do basic math
don't wanna invest in too many bottles at once.
though i don't think the $36 price tag they say it is is true i do think this is a great deal
that's why i stock up on this whenever there is any sort of sale
you won't regret it
as for the people whining about it not being in stock
nothing can be so good no matter how luxury or hype
but the product not have the fault!
stop freaking out people, it's not sold-out.
just because you didn't get it or it sold out don't leave a bad review about the product itself
unfortunately i didn't buy in time to take advantage of it either
it didn't really wow me like my other cleansers
which i didn't realize
i recommend this to everyone i know!
the only thing i use never brakes me out
it does the job
i would use something else
i would not trust this product to remove all of my makeup
as it never disappoints
did not feel like it was "magic" by any means
i can't wait to buy it
did not break me out
this one never stings at all
now i don't even notice
i really couldn't ask for more in a face wash.
none have done the job like this one
'm not saying their wrong
it helps with exactly what it states "dryness
i don't break out anymore
i always thought it wouldnt do well on my acne prone skin
you can't go wrong with this
i didn't even know how good this cleanser was for my skin until i stopped using it
i can't say enough good things about it
the only thing that makes this 4
the smell doesn't bother me at all
it doesn't bother me much though.
if it's working we will look past that
i wouldn't say it has improved my skin either
philosophy never fails to impress.
i would imagine it would do the trick
can't recommend it enough for it's many uses
but seriously, i love this!
this did not irritate my skin or make me break out unlike other cleanser i tried
had to find a product that didn't aggravate the condition
can't live without it!
while most people say they don't notice it
it bothers me to no end
anyone can use this
what else is there to say
amazing face wash that actually does what it's supposed too
even productsi don't put on my face
t lasts longer than you'd think
well i don't have acne so it was not for me.
this did not burn
i like it cause it does what i need it to do
haven't found anything that is not only working
can't believe i never thought about it
unfortionetly does nothing to help my rosatia
on the plus side it doesn nothing to hurt it either
one product that i could not live without.
sometimes want to try something new
it doesn't really foam so you don't need to use a lot
this one doesn't do that.
plus it doesn't make me break out.
i woulld have to say use it with the clarisonic for best results
which this product did not improve
yet i noticed that i didn't really have acne problems
this doesn't at all
this does what it claims to do
i don't think i will be buying this again because it doesn't really have any special effect on my skin
i do think i have less breakouts when i use it
i don't notice anything different with my skin
also, did not notice any improvement.
he wouldn't use it
see if it works for you
i do not have any wrinkles
doesn't make me breakout.
must have for every guy out there-- just don't forget spf
i actually don't mind it at all.
i never know whether he will really use something
well he did use it
i would recommend any dude get this stuff!
see how it does over time
i see a difference when i don't put it on.
one thing i wish is it to have spf in it.
this product really does what it says it does.
i don't know if it has been my bad luck or this happens to others too
i don't know what kinda of magic this is
i though it was going to be a bad reaction
it does exactly what is promised
if you don't want to spend the money until you are sure
every time i try something else
it does what it says.
derma doctor knows exactly how to h
even if it doesn't fix the problem completely
cuz it is seriously the business when it comes to that
i simply love this product
after trying lancome serum i didn't notice the same results picture porefect was giving me
only thing is it is kind of pricey
i do suppose you get a lot of product as you only need to use a bit of it
this product is doing exactly what i wanted
this one does exactly what it says
haven't changed anything else in my routine
i appreciate that it does not break me out
anyway this doesn't make them really smaller
t's not hard to not breathe for that time
if you are thinking of trying this product i def recommend giving it a shot
but this does seem to be helping.
not yet found a product that actually works on you
i don't have either anymore
i don't wanna sound like i'm exaggerating
i couldn't believe it.
can't get product to come out
only thing i do not like is the bottle is white
indeed it does smooth them out
i don't know if there is alcohol in the product
when that happens i can't believe the difference
the only thing to remember is to apply some kind of spf coverage afterwards
i didn't know how much it could improve
my makeup now does what it promises
it does seem to work
not sure sephora has it
this does what it says it will do for me
i guess i did.
i will say that it's very light when it goes on
love it cannot believe how well it works.
this actually is the only thing that does the job
it did seem to take a while to see the improvement
which is a word i've never been able to use to describe my skin
running out of the product i did not get more
i am not crazy about how it feels immediately after applying it
does not work well with my foundation
i certainly haven't seen any crazy instant results
the reason for 4 stars is that it does stop working if you stop using it
" they seem to tell me
they are clear of stuff that only i can notice
i don't like that so much when i am trying to sleep
it is doing what it says it will do
you dont have to put a lot
i actually was going to try the other product
maybe it's just me?
they can't actually get smaller
i honestly have no clue how this made others' pores bigger
only reason i didn't give 5 star is i do think it's a bit overpriced
i will never use anything else.
so one day you'll be surprised to find it's gone
i agree with others that this cream is not enough of a moisturizer on its own
my only regret is that i didn't find it earlier.
i do agree the packaging could be better so you can see how much you have left
this is the only thing that actually lasts
he doesn't notice many small things like that
i can't use that on my face either
it does exactly what it says.
i can't say enough about this product
nothing else i have tried even comes close
not to mention she has acne
this product does what it says.
totally worth the money when so many things that claim to help are not
although there does seem to be some improvement
didn't break me out
delivers exactly what it promises
i wouldn't purchase it again since i did not see any huge difference
this does not do that!
minda made me not wanna wash my face
not sure if that's rosacea or not
let me tell you about the packaging
corrected does what it says
love it and don't want to be without.
couldn't believe i wasn't
it does what it says
have tried to find something else not as expensive
i didn't use this again because it was so expensive
it does just that.
we all want a miracle cure, but it doesn't exist.
i wish this stuff weren't so expensive.
i just wish it weren't so expensive.
yes it is pricey
it does not take a lot of this product
if you can afford it
it wasn't any better then some other moisturizers i use
it doesn't break me out
most importantly if it didn't work for me i could return it
i really can't tell if this product is effective or not
i hate the new packaging because you can't tell how much you have left
it does exactly what it says its going to do!
skin texture then anything else i've tried in the past 10 years
my fault for not asking sooner
no matter what i did, it just got worse.
i couldn't see a difference.
just want to say thank you
i really hesitated spending this much on this product
does not cause breakouts
you can always return it if it's not working for you
i don't think you'll be sorry you did.
you won't regret it
it does not make me breakout at all
did i mention i love it!!
so this may not work for some skin types
for reddness caused by my roseacea i have not found anything better
cetaphil was the only thing that did not enflame this area
it does not sting when i apply it
they're still there either way
anyone else with dark circles knows how hard they are to fight
this product doesn't get nearly enough attention.
i can't really tell that it "lifts" anything though
i don't feel this is a problem i should have yet
not a big difference but i can tell.
i usto use hylexin which i did notice a big difference with
i don't expect miracles
i do only use it in the morning so maybe that is why
this seems to do the trick
this does the trick
the reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it's expensive
i really do like this product would i be interested into trying something else yeah i would tak up that offer
have tried just about anything
most things do not work
you can hardly tell you have a mask on
this product does just that
'm sure it's the reason
if you learn how to use it.
i don't think my skin needs it anymore twice a day
what it did to my skin
yes, it does make a mess.
it goes on about as easy as you would expect
i cannot believe what a difference this has made to my skin
i honestly didn't know what to do anymore
i just can't believe how clear my skin has gotten
i don't have to worry
everything else seems to do nothing for my skin
tried everything i could get my h
my skin decided it would go crazy
which didn't help anything
it does what it says it will do
the only thing is you do not want to use this before some big event or during a school week because it makes all of your pimples come to the surface
don't worry tho because they are gone within one or two days
i cannot believe the difference in my skin.
i honestly feel like i don't even need makeup
this is absolutely worth every penny because i can tell it's going to last forever
there's not even a dent
you might wonder why anyone would want to pay this much money for what is essentially a block of clay
if you ever get those big
just don't be an idiot
if i don't forget
i can't really say that this face bar alone was what cleared my breakout so quickly since i was using other products as well
i figured i might as well give it a try
it does exactly what it says
balanced so that the breakout never even happens
i honestly suggest you try this product if you're struggling with acne
i wish i could give this product 6 stars
what this product did for me
it isn't at all
do try it though
i didn't think it was all that great
i can not thank her enough
sephora has the best return policy if it doesn't work out
i can't go a day without using it.
not to mention this product lasts forever which is great
many people say that it is messy but i disagree.
so those nights when i don't want to wait 5 minutes
they don't work as well on me as i would expect.
i don't know but this works!
i want to try this
i can't believe how untouched it still looks
this treatment bar proved me wrong.
i didn't have any problems with it being too messy either
just follow the directions exactly as they're stated on the box
there shouldn't be a problem
i didn't think it would be as amazing as all of the prior reviews hype it up to be
i need to do one for this bar
it didn't make a difference at all
thought why not give it a shot
this bar is exactly what i have been searching for
not anymore, thanks to this bar!
nor does it break
it's still about the same size as it was when i got it
i don't agree at all
let me tell you
i think you will like it!
i guess you can say its a reasonable price since it will last you a while
this my dear did just that
this one does wonders for me
i can't live without it!
the most amazing thing that no one is mentioning is that it somehow takes off all of your makeup
everything without even trying
don't know why others say it doesn't at all
just try the travel size if you're worried you won't like it
doesn't make me break out
i would recommend to anyone!
i never tried using this as a makeup remover on its own because i didn't think it would be effective
i don't know if it necessarily helps my skin
i don't know what is in this product
i can't imagine that there could be a better face wash than this
if you aren't like me
i can't recommend it enough.
the only reason i am not giving it 5 stars is because the br
i can't say enough good things about it.
i can't live without it.
wanted a cleanser that could do both
it is mild but it also does something, you know?
i can say if you message it in correctly the first time
i would never have thought to try something like it
i don't think it would help with any of my skin issues
sometimes that's just what you need
i can never tell much difference with cleansers
i love it, just wish it wasn't so expensive.
could not love this facewash more.
it does sting the eyes though if you try to get in there
it does not irritate it at all
this is the one product i honestly cannot live without
i know some people don't like the scent
i can't live without this stuff
no other cleanser did that for me
im not sure how come it didn't remove others makeup
honestly you don't need a lot i use maybe a dime amount
i see after a month if it's actually doing me any good
i may have to do it 2 or 3 times
it did not dissapoint
it didn't bother me
i tried this as a last resort because i was afraid to use much else that i had
i would have never thought to use this for acne
for a long time i was afraid to use it
it's not my daily go to however
it really does it's job.
only reason i give it 4
this product does it all.
this product does not irritate my eyes at all
i can't stress enough how great this product is.
no matter what your skin type
5 starts, not 4 not 6, 5 stars.
didn't fall in love with it immediately
this product does not make my face break out
there are certainly times you could use this to remove your makeup
it certainly doesn't contri
though don't be fooled
yes it does burn a little
nothing i ever tried actually did anything for the problem areas of my face
as everyone else has mentioned
i actually love this about it
doesn't hurt at all the rest of the 15-20 minutes
wouldn't use it before a big event or pictures
you really can't go wrong
yes it does hurt when you first apply it
i gotta say 90% of them were cleaned out
can't wait to use it more
i didn't have any burning feeling whatsoever
let me tell you
i don't mind it
i guess that means it's working
wish i could use it everyday
which i like cuz at least you can see the mask actually doing something
it's not that bad
nothing else seemed to work but this one did!
i love that i can see it work like that!
i don't have really
this will freak you out
know my face is not that inexperienced :-
not only does it work in my husb
you will not regret it
you will not regret spending the money on it
we were cute, let me tell you!
i could not believe the difference
i didn't break out
it didn't cause any irritation
i just haven't gotten to it
the only thing i would say is that the effects didn't seem to last long
if you use this
i believe there are lots of people have the same problem as i do
you don't use much
it does get the job done
as someone else mentioned
do yourself a favor and try this!
this stuff is exactly what i need
i also didn't see much difference between this
or maybe i don't know how to use them properly
it never fails to please.
probably because it is not abrasive enough
it does what it's meant to do
i even use it with my clarisonic.
this product did not disappoint
i know it doesn't make sense
it's expensive but i really do like the product.
can't speak to how it wears in that regard
i don't mind it at all
it's nothing too special there
because if it can fool my mother it's doing better than 99% of makeup out there
can't wait to try their other products
i can't wait to try more products from this company
i don't know why some are giving bad or so-so reviews
this doesn't bother me at all
have never found a moisturizer that actually does it's job well
you don't need to use a lot
it seems to be an oxymoron but it does work.
not to mention how amazing this smells!
we didn't agree with one another
this moisturizer does exactly what it says.
but this does exactly that!
not in a bad way
i must say i found it
it does exactly what it says.
and, it did not break me out.
the days without it my makeup didn't look as great
i can see how this might not work for everyone
idk why people are complaining about the smell i actually love it
doesn't work miracles for any problem i may have
i even though i liked it
no matter what primer i've been using it hasn't helped
not only does this product smell amazing
it does exactly what it promises
even if you don't
it does the job.
it wouldn't let me give it 5 stars
i would if i could
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because it's so pricey
im sure some of you legitimately had problems with this
i actually tried out a few things to test out this theory
i literally do not even need foundation anymore
she didnt know i was using something knew either
it feels like its not enough to work
man it does wonders
which doesn't happen often
do not do that with this product
i refused to give up because i knew i wanted to love it
you could definitely skip one if you use this product
i don't care what this does
i could never find a primer that would keep me matte
the one thing that i am not sure about is the scent
this is a product that does exactly what it says
i wish i wouldn't have
just doesn't work with my foundation
i love this so much and i can't stress it enough.
to anyone who wants clear
oh, and not that dry anymore.
i can't recommend this enough.
if you can afford this product
i don't have to wear foundation anymore.
if you're thinking about buying it
i can tell it is starting to even out my skin
i don't have either
i don't think it is good enough considering the price
it definitely didn't break me out
it did help with scarring however i won't purchase the full size because feel it didn't do as much as it should have for the price point
nothing i could find helped me at all
apparently people either love this product or hate it
i guess you just need to try it to see if it works for you
have not met a product that i don't like
seeing that you don't need to use much of it
let me tell you how it changed my life
wasn't sure if this product would work with me
which is okay because the product did notpromise to do so
i want to post it here since it's all from sephora
if you take nothing else from this review
this did not cause any sort of reaction
even if it didn't
there's not just a lot to be done
i can't get enough
i dont know what type of age group this targets to
i couldn't believe what amazing results i saw in such little time
i can't wait to see what happens with more continual use
sidenote: just because i'm allergic to this doesn't mean it not a great product
anyways i'm sorry if you read all of this.
i would have just nope the friggin out of here on the first word
this just do the job
i didn't really want it
oh my freaking goodness this product makes me not wanna wear makeup anymore i love it so much i couldn't believe it was only 4 stars when i found it on sephora it makes my skin so flawless
i will say that this is the only serum i have ever tried
don't know what else could be out there
so this wont make your face perfect
i liked this but didn't love it.
it wasn't strong enough to be a real issue
mostly, i couldn't tell what it was doing for me.
i am one who will tell the truth about products
i couldn't get over it.
i don't know if it does all of its said benefits quite yet
can't wait to see what it does in the long run!
i did not notice a change with dark spots
i just felt compelled to say this magic elixir is the number one reason nobody believes i am 47 years old
it's not a miracle worker though
it's not gonna help
you people need this!
this does the trick.
i must say i am in love with this cleanser
definitely do not regret this purchase
i say go for it
if you are like me
i am not exaggerating one bit.
if you can afford to spend this much on cleanser
you will not regret it
somehow it still does not feel clean enough for me
but i love everything else about this product!
i don't know if it does anything else
i don't even know what words to use describe exactly what i love
but not this product!
not 5 is because i'm not a big fan of the smell
can't say enough about this cleanser
nice but i don't think i would buy it again.
i'll try something else when this runs out
if they put that scent into anything else
i would buy it no matter what
i can't believe i wasted so much time without it
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was because of the price :
it's not bad for $9.
not a bad value for $25
you can never go wrong in getting this cleanser.
i can't use just any product
it does what it's supposed to do.
i would recommend this if you want to use it as a cleanser
it's not bad for $9.
didn't have any good or bad expectations of it
this cleanser is exactly what i wanted.
i don't find it to be harsh at all
it certainly doesn't linger
i couldn't even put water in my face as my skin didn't react well to it
well, i was wrong.
not harsh at all
i can see the difference when i don't use it.
that didn't happen with this
had neither my staple clarasonic nor any or my every night cleanser
this one is one of the few that doesn't make my skin mad
for a quick fix it actually works
i don't think this will do anything for anti-aging
don't know if it's a factor
keep that in mind if you're on the go like me
i didn't think i had puffiness until i tried this
it didn't take long to see my dark circles
have not used it long enough yet
didn't think i was seeing any results
this eye gel does exactly what it promises.
i don't have dark circles so can't comment on that part of the product's claim
can't say enough about these great
i can see the difference
this is one of those products that i can't live without
i didn't really see any difference in dark circles until over a month of daily use
every so often i try something else recommended by a friend or sales rep
i can't live without it
didn't notice much right away
though my eyes aren't puffy anymore as they've been in the past
i don't remember to use it everyday
does exactly as told.
i can't be without it
this is the only thing i have ever tried that helps me
so can't vouch for that aspect
this doesn't do much for under-eye circles
cant believe the change
really don't have any wrinkles around the eyes yet
i don't have wrinkles yet, so it isn't a concern.
can't say all the puff is completely gone
i do like this
only when i'm not getting enough sleep or super stressed
i didn't realize how puffy under my eyes were until i tried this
this stuff is legit.
it does exactly what is says.
i am not kidding you
i couldn't believe it.
i love that you can use this all over the eye!
within one use i actually see a difference
probably my fault though
as i didn't figure out a good way to apply it
what more could you ask for?
the only bummer is the price
it really doesn't do anything for my eyelids like a lifting effect maybe overtime
i would recommend anyone to try it.
what a difference it's made.
i can say that a
i didn't really notice any anti aging going on
i don't have a lot of lines
at first i didn't see a difference
they would either irritate my eyes or frankly do nothing
not sure if i'm explaining it right
did not see the need to
there is only one word to describe this eye cream: amazing
after trying a number of alternatives which did absolutely nothing for my poor eyes i bit the bullet
i cant really justify that purchase with that price
what more can you ask for?
but hey if your made of $ go for it!
can't tell if it helped with my lines
it's true... you get what you pay for!
don't waste time or money on anything else
it does everything it promise
did everything i want
i don't know how this stuff works--
wish it wasn't so expensive.
i see no reason to waste anymore time or money on trying others who disappoint
didn't do anything for fine lines
i cant really tell if it's helped with under eye puffiness as i have had it forever
i didn't realize how dry they were.
maybe that's from using this product all the time?
they either do not work as well
you know how it is
or really don't do much of anything.
i am not sure how it would work on it's own over time
i can't really tell if it helped.
somedays i thought i could see a improvement
others i did not
none of them did the trick until this product
i don't see any tightening yet
like it-not sure if i love it .
this does the trick
i must say that i love it!
they aren't gone by any means
lol.. i won't use anything else now.
i did not see a difference immediately
thank heavens sephora ships fast because i can tell a dramatic difference in my eyes when i don't use this product
if you are wondering, just get it!!!
which i didn't like
have yet to try it ask a mask
it does what it's supposed to
pretending i don't give a hoot about how i look
you cannot believe how amazing your skin looks.
even if it's early am
i would love love if it wasn't so expensive
you should def give it a try.
i know it says not to rub
if i don't wear it, i can tell.
i don't apply it everyday because i don't want my skin to get used to it too much
i don't know what is in this tube of magic
i even wear it alone as "clear" makeup
i didn't buy it for those things
i seriously get asked what make up i have on
i don't use it all the time
i think you just have to know how to use it.
i can't imagine using anything else.
i can't say for sure that it tightens
don't know how or why
you're not supposed to rub it in too much
i don't always manage to do that either
then it doesn't set under your makeup correctly
it really does wonders if used before your make up applications
do not apply too much!
i personally would not continue using it
i didn't really know what to expect
it doesn't last at all
figured i'd see what this "primer" did
this is not a primer
try it, i think you'll agree.
nothing but love for this product!
didn't feel it was anything special
until i didn't use it
i don't know if it break me out yet
so far it doesn't
my make up doesn't move at all
i won't use anything else!
i dont know what it does
this does for my face
i just had to write so that if any woman is out there wondering if this balm does what it says it can do the answer is yes
don't walk run to buy this you will love yourself for it
i don't know if it necessarily helps the foundation stay longer
see if it makes a difference
still not sure what the product instructions mean when they tell you *not* to rub it in
now i can't live without it
i decided to give it a try not really expecting much
the only thing i did not noticed was the lightening
i didn't know the correct way to use it
i learned that you should smooth
you won't regret it!
alone when i don't want to wear makeup
never thought i would "fall" for a beauty skin care line
works so well on it's own.
don't know how it works in that respect
i would give this 5 stars if not for the scent...
when i do use it
this may not be for you
but i don't want to use it every day.
it doesn't give you any coverage whatsoever
maybe i'll use it for.
i can't live without it now.
won't make you break out either
couldn't live without it!
no matter how you use it
it does everything it claims.
the directions say not to rub it in
if i used this mask for 15-20 minutes i'm glowing so much my boyfriend can even tell without me saying anything
i can't believe i only recently found out about this little gem
though don't put it on
i never truly noticed this glow until one day i forgot to use it
did not achieve it
it certainly lives up to it's write up.
i think i did see a difference
i obviously can't personallycomment on how it would work under foundation
for me, this is not a product for everyday.
i did not experience the strong smell that others have
i would never wright a review unless i feel as though i need to
which is exactly what i needed to do for this product
you know what i mean
i definitely didn't think i could get this kind of result without going to a dermatologist
so you would think that i would love it
i would say it's a good product, just not for me.
can't judge how it works on that
but that's the only downside.
it does not seem to be as strong as it used to be
if i used anything else my face goes crazy.
get the clarisonic cleanser if you still didn't
this product does what it says
it's not bad for the amount you get at this price
the only thing i would warn other about is watch out for your eyes
the burn does not compare to the way my face feels after use
the job it does on my skin
it seems to do something to your skin that you just can't really explain
also, do not get it in your eyes!
didn't see much of a difference
there is nothing else left to remove
for people who say that it stings their eyes
it is almost like i never ate those becasue the zits sure didn't pop up
not necessarily dried out
as if it wasn't bad enough
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
i know what he meant
he is no longer embarrased.
you can not do that with this
doesn't leave anything behind
i can already tell a difference!
i hardly ever get whiteheads at all anymore
t is a product line that does what it says
no product can really change their size
i don't know what you are using
he told me not to buy anything else
except for one thing
you have to be very careful not to get it anywhere near your eyes
if you are someone that wants an all in one cleanser
this is not the product for you
i can't say enough about how great this product is
t doesn't take a lot of the product to do its job
i am not kidding.
i could hardly see them
i didn't mind it at all
i really do not mind paying for it
while it's not a miracle product
most importantly it did what it said it would do
i wouldn't say my pores disappeared or anything.
it's not a miracle product but it does work.
you dont need a lot either
this cream is perfect for anyone who truley is willing to pay to see a difference in their pores
the cleanser did nothing for me
as if it wasn't bad enough
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
as if it wasn't bad enough
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
it does the trick
does everything it claims to do
this cream was exactly what i needed
wouldn't use anything else.
i don't know what you are using
he told me not to buy anything else
this cream does not do that to me
this product does exactly what it says
it does not break me out
does not make me break out
i just love it and recommend it.
at first didn't want to try it cuz it says "cream" in the name
not my favorite but does what is promised.
t doesn't mess around--he makes products that simply work
i dont know why it is called pores no more because i dont think it truly does much for pores
it doesn't bother me
why i didn't give it 5 stars
it actually does what it promises
but not this one.
i just can't live without this product!
you just need to be patient because it does not have imediate effects
for what it does to improve my skin it's not bad.
i can't live without it!
it does everything it says it does!
t was thinking of me when this was created
while i do not care for the smell
only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because i don't love the consistency
for what it does
it's not horrible either
nothing else like it!
not only does this not make my skin react
it did the job well
i also like that you don't need to use too much when you are applying it
let me just say this product is amazing.
i do recommend this.
put it on to see if it does anything
i did not have to worry about it leaking
i do not use it on my face
as it does break me out
dont have that use for this product
it's too soon to say anything about if it helps with swelling
when i use it on my face it does not cause any breakouts
i could tell i did not have any those kine of irritations
i didn't think it works great around "that time of the month"
we knew it worked because he didn't apply it to his legs
didn't think i would have use for it this summer
i can't recommend it enough.
i simply love this product!
i didn't peel as much when i used this
the greeks know what they're doing
this does not make me break out
this is what that stuff wished it could be.
it doesn't burn going on
you don't need to use a lot
:) it was exactly what i needed.
apparently it was not enough
i would suggest it to anyone.
it does not irritate it
i could not believe my eyes
i tried it anyways
not crazy about the scent
it doesn't stay anyway
figured i'd give this bad boy a try
i know anyone that tries it will surely agree.
let me tell you
i would recommend it to anyone!
it doesn't bother me at all
right away you can tell that this is a quality product
didn't do much for my skin
you won't regret it.
i've yet to find one that helps my skin like this one
was in such a hurry this morning that i didn't put on moisturizer
they didn't really do anything great for my skin
you will not regret buying this product
does the job but not anything special.
i cannot say enough about this.
even if it's damaged you're reall going to like this product
this is my "go to" -- please don't ever discontinue this
potions that quite honestly did not deliver as promised i've found my holy grail
i probably wouldn't use it in the morning since it doesn't have spf
you can't beat the price.
i can't recommend this enough.
you do not need a lot
yet does not leave a greasy feel
this does the job
i don't imagine i'd use this in the summer
i somehow thought it was a h
no way would this not make me break out
i wouldn't really want it on my face
this product is probably not for you
my only complaint is that it's not in stock at the moment
i cannot say enough about this product.
believe it or not
dont mistake it for a natural product because its not
i did not like the results
because it does not have spf
it just didn't match up at all
this did not cause a reaction at all
i just wish it had some spf!!!
i am trying others
this one....not the case.
this product does not cause break outs
this cream does exactly what it says it does
didn't notice any issues
the other reason i don't use this as a day cream is simply because my makeup doesn't sit well over it
i do not have problem skin
does not cause me to break out even though it is super rich
when it's not time for night treatment yet
the one thing i dont like is that it doesnt have spf
i can actually still smell it on me
i did not take this home with me because i have too much stuff
who is not a big br
he uses it everyday now (say what?!
what would he do without me?
or that's how long it stays for my boyfriend
wasn't sure if he was going to like it.
i must say we both love it
you may not like it much
even if i see no results
those didn't seem to go anywhere :
you don't need to use a lot of product
it does not break me out
while everything else does
did they change the formula?
this does not do that.
not in love with it
i do not wear makeup
nor does it cause breakouts
it does the job
it also didn't ball or leave film on my skin.
i must say i really do love it
sadly not all murad products work for me
this doesn't break me out
went through my stuff to find anything intense that would stop it immediately
didn't get rid of them
i didn't break out
when i first used it i didn't have a dryness problem
doesn't make me break out
you don't have to use much
what can i say?
you don't need to use much
so the price tag doesn't hurt as much
it doesn't break me out.
at 45 doesn't make me break out
you will never use anything else
it seems like it doesn't make me break out.
doesn't break me out
honestly i'll prob keep buying it since my skin seems to like it so much
this product is not greasy nor did i breakout
never causes me to break out
want something that is light
no stinging or bumps like i get from anything else i've tried
if you're like me
i will not use anything else but this cleanser.
honestly will continue to buy for like
i can't rave enough.
this does the job.
wish it was foaming though.
it's great because even if i did have break out it would be gone so quickly that i didn't even need to stress about it
i find it does not do the best job at removing makeup
because i would never have given this a glance
didn't think much of it
what more can i say about this cleanser.
i can't say everyone will love it
i wasn't sure i could use this twice a day-
couldn't believe my eyes!
don't use anything else.
i won't ever use anything else
not sure why they're in there
just the only reason why i can't give it five stars
quite sorry it didn't work for me
just what i needed.
i tried something else
it's only for that reason that i don't mind the price
the answer is yes
discontinued it for i don't even know what reason
i would sometimes forget to follow the whole treatment
there simply is no comparison
it does exactly what the description says.
i did not experience any problems with this cleanser
as if i didn't have enough in my goodie bag
it does not overdry either
really didn't know what he was missing until he tried this
as i can tell from my bf's skin
hey men just wanting to help you make a smart move in trying the anthony line
seems to do its job
he is not a "product" man
so something in it doesn't work for me even though it's not supposed to break you out
which didn't do much for my skin other than hydrate it
i only gave it 4 stars because i really do not notice a change in my skin as far as wrinkles
i did not really have many to begin with
doesn't break me out
this does everything that i need it to do
not sure if it is wrinkler reducer yet.
does what the description says
i do not have many wrinkles
even my boyfriend could see a difference
i would (and do) recommend this to anyone!
the moment i used a smidge of this on a part of my face to see what it would do
although i don't love the price it did a great job
i can honestly say that
wrinkle revenge is the one that actually does what it claims
didn't break my face out like some products.
honestly have not had any breakouts using this
absorbs enough so you know it's working
i don't know that i've ever thought a product was the one
nobody can pin point why
which is exactly what i was after
i won't be buying anything else!
i feel that my makeup doesn't sit well when i use it during the day
cannot validate whether or not this does a good job with wrinkles
i would say a quarter of how they would be if i didn't use the cream
i can't say that the skin around my eyes was awful
i don't know if it is necessarily fighting current signs of aging
thought i would try this too
i hope this stuff never goes away
not sure how it works on lines
i could actually see the difference
if i don't find anything better
i can't speak to getting rid of fine lines since i didn't really have many
i do not have dark circles
it did the job
i wanted to try something else-- not because it stopped working or anything like that
just because i wanted to try something else
which this does for me
those words say it all!
you don't need much at all
this product does everything that it says that it's going to
can't say enough lovely things about it!
i am not sure it does much for lines
this one did not
nothing i have tried makes them go away.
it also lasts forever because you don't need to use much
what i can say is it's give decent hydration
i wasnt too sure if i wanted to invest the $50 to try
i think this has actually made a difference.
which i rarely do
figured why not give this one a try
this is the only cream that actually works
i do like the product
it does everything promised.
didn't notice much of a difference with clinique
didn't see any difference at all with estee lauder
it does not give me milia
not sure it will help with dark circles.
nothing i've tried helps with that
this a product that what it says it will.
does everything it says it's going to do!
won't buy anything else
i would recommend this to anyone
you don't need to use much at all because of how smooth it is
you don't need a lot
not sure about the lines
i knew if he tryed it he would
not regret it at all
i don't know if this really does what it claims to be doing
something i once thought was impossible
i can see that my eyes are not as dark
i don't look tired anymore
doesn't do much for me
i didn't notice much of a difference at first
if you use consistently it does what it's supposed to
it didn't make a big difference by lightening them
this stuff alone has done that
just not this one
you will love it just as much as i do<3
i honestly don'y know what helps with that
that's never happened to me before.
i don't think i'll ever use anything else.
it does everything all other products claim to do in one little bottle
no matter what i do
i don't look tired anymore.
i can't believe i never tried it before now
although they are not gone competely
which you seem to need to see results
you can't go wrong with either especially if you're sensitive
didn't compromise make up application
it does seem to help
can not make up my mind yet
so maybe this just isn't a match
but, this does work.
although i do not have a problem with dark circles
i will find something else for the mornings
i can't say enough about this cream!!
i still didn't use the whole product yet
all i can say is i love it
not to mention how the skin around my eyes looks!
i never have dark circles anymore due to this cream
i can't believe that i have seen results in less than 2 weeks
it also did not irritate my eyes
you don't even need to use a whole pump
flatens lines without bothering eyes like others do
they couldn't believe my age.
this product is everything they say it is.
you dont need much
i can't live without it.
i didn't notice any wrinkle reduction though.
i don't think anything will truly take them away
maybe it was a fluke or they should work on the design
this is not the one with spf in it
the consistency seemed wrong
i even asked the clerk to let me try another tester
that's just my opinion
i think you'll get the most out of this that way.
so you can use it day
it always irritates me when people say "i tried this for a week
it didn't do anything
doesn't break me out more.
this mask does exactly what it claims!
it does exactly what is says it does
didn't love itâ€¦ it didn't seem to do that much other than hydrate my skin
it's not horrible or offensive
i wish it did more for my pores.
everything else they offer because of the ingredients they use
everything would just sit on top no matter what i did
i can't recommend it enough!
you can leave it on longer it is so gentile or ive found you can even take it off like 5 min early
if you're on the fence i definitely would recommend it
it's not a life changer but i really like it.
you can see and feel the difference immediately.
i can't say enough about this mask.
t may seem like it's a little early to already be writing a review
i cannot tell you how in love i am already with this product
what i also really like is that you can apply the product under your eyes which you cannot do with a lot of others
and it's quite possibly my favourite.
don't expect any kind of life changing results
i would say smell before you buy
the 20-30 minutes the directions say to use i don't know why it's such an issue
i find it does exactly what i need without being too harsh like a scrub would be
i sincerely don't have a better word for it
the 20 minute leave-on time does make it so that it's not quite ideal when you're on the go
i wanted a mask that is clear
long enough to do the job
when nothing else seems to perk me up
wear this mask and he'll never know.
there really isn't much of a smell that i can notice
i do see the difference
although it's not meant for acne
just be careful you don't get it too close to your actual eye
because it lets me know that it's working
i like how this product is clear
i didn't get the dramatic results some people get
nothing seems to help it
can't wait to get it
i like it, but it may not be for everyone.
recommend to all who do
i know that's not a high point for some people
as you might think
but, i have to say this product works.
this is the one product i simply can't live without
smells kind of weird that's why i didn't give it 5-star
i don't know how it works
i don't mind it
i never thought a product that didn't promise dramatic results could deliver enough to be more than satisfactory-
it's a must-have for sure!
or even when it doesnt
was just simply glowing even though i was feeling so off beat
i wish it doesn't take 20 min to work though it's really isn't a issue
i can't say enough good things about this one
you could say i was in need of a lot of help.
and its clear, so no one knows you have it on!
this mask wasn't what i expected
you might want to try this one
it doesn't make me break out
i didn't give it a 5-star rating because i just started using it
i don't know how well it's doing at "renewing"
i couldn't believe it
this product does not make me break out which is another huge plus
i don't expect miracles
i didn't feel the need
i can't live without this product!
not sure i have seen any changes in skin
i liked this cream because it did not create or irritate breakouts
you don't need to use a lot!
it's not a miracle cream but it does help.
didn't see much of the results yet
smooth that he couldn't believe my age
this product didn't make me break out at all
you cannot go wrong
you don't need much
i wouldn't use anything else at this point!
i can't live without it
unfortunately i didn't get any younger
or i should say tells me the truth
i think this product does what it claims.
this product does all that it says it will.
" which is what i need
the only negative i can think of is that i wish you got more product for the $$$
a cream that is not hype
i tried a few other products that didn't work.
i honestly don't think i'll use another cream.
which i can't say enough about
so here's the deal
all i can say is that this is amazing!
hate to see this go.
i do not have puffyness or dark circles
believe me i've tried just about all of them
it doesn't happen with this
not sure if there is anything you can do about wrinkles when you are 54 except perhaps surgery :
and the other thing i love about it is no scent.
doesn't bother my eyes at all.
this stuff is not a miracle
the reason i just give 4 of 5 stars is
would say it is a great value
this does the trick
i just love it and can't live without it.
it does the job
does it make lines
of course not; no eye cream actually does that.
do not know why i keep trying other br
am not sure if it's good as it claims
can't say how it does under make-up
can't say if i noticed a difference
you don't need much either
you don't need much
we all know we're not supposed to cry when you lose him
honestly my eyes don't have any wrinkles
i can tell you
i would not say this is a miracle-maker
what does that mean?
and this one does what it says, i love it.
this is one product that does what it claims.
i can't tell what it did for me
i think it's too expensive for what it does
it also wasn't greasy like i expected it to be
i love that it does not irritate or bother my eyes
not just one or two of them
i can't say enough about how wonderful this cream is
i only use it at night and i feel that is enough.
i don't have a lot of wrinkles yet
did not want to pay the price
cannot find anything that compares
you don't need a ton.
it doesn't have an amazing smell necessarily
although it's also not bad either
the reason why i love this is because it doesnt leave a film on my face
it doesn't make me break out.
i just dont like the container every time you open it you have to be super careful to make sure you dont spill any
that might be why
both my daughter and i can not live without it.
don't have a problem with it
not sure it's best for that skin type
decided not to wear anything
i love it so much i don't care
or those who have to experience cruel winters like i do
i don't know why people complain about the smell so much
i even asked my roommate how she thinks that it smells
she said that she could barely smell anything
not only that but the smell is amazing.
does not cause breakouts
don't ever want to be without it
don't let that deter you from trying it
not that there was anything wrong with that
i cannot believe how amazing this stuff is.
this is the only thing that works
i wear this at night just because it doesn't have any spf
did not cause any acne
it never causes me break-outs
did not break me out
this doesn't break me out
i think it might even help my acne
it doesn't break me out
i can't say enough great things about this moisturizer
the smell doesn't bother me at all either.
it doesn't really have a smell to it
this has done exactly the opposite i love love love it
figured i could trust using this
i never quite figured out why
t doesn't bother me
i continue to because it's one of the few products that don't give me breakouts
just make sure you don't get an old batch
that's what this stuff does
dont get me wrong
it's just not enough
i personally don't how it feels going on
suppose the end results aren't bad-
it does what it promises
everything you could ever want in an eye cream
i don't use it around my mouth because i actually don't need to
did i leave anything out?
here's what i like about it:
you don't need much
know this is one of the reasons why
it truly only does this in the fine lines
it's exactly what i wanted at a price i was willing to pay
i do not use anything tested
not only does philosophy not test on animals
i believe it's helping
that's no longer happening
i just think that is ridiculous.
i cant tell you how many tubes of this cream i have used
i see the difference when i forget to wear it
i know a lot of people say price or certain br
does not make a difference
i can honestly say that it has kept the skin around
it does make a difference
the eye cream did not disappoint
i must say i do mix it with strivectin at night.
so unless you want to wait like 45 minutes for it to completely soak in you'd be better off putting it on before bed like i do
well words cant say
there is no other product that does what this majic tube does
wow is all i can say
so you have to be consistant
this cream is one of the things i can't live without
can't say it does anything for crows feet though.
my normal products weren't doing the job
it's not a miracle worker
must say it really does not help with dark circles
i guess there's no way to prove it?
everytime i try something else
- although i must admit
does nothing for me
can't imagine ever giving it up
too afraid to stop using it just in case it is
even if you don't have lines yet you need to start taking care of your skin
how it does indeed diminish fine lines around my eyes
it's the only one i will use
it actually does what it advertises it will!
primer than anything else
i also don't have crows feet, so i know it works!
this stuff did the trick!
it's a must have for me!
this cream so far never failed me
i don't have anything against this
thats fine with me since i tend to only use it at night
if your on the fence i would definitely say go for it
i didn't need to use a lot each day to get results
it just seems wrong to send back an entire tube of something because it doesn't work as expected or promised
can't say enough about this eye cream
i do only wear it at night but i love it.
can't live without this stuff!
i don't not recommend for anyone concerned about acne
this product does exactly what it is supposed to do--clean the skin
thats not what this soap is for
recommend everyone try it
i can tell what helps
saying how "obvious" it is i use clinique
i guess this sounds like bragging
seriously, i have tried everything on my face.
that's why i only give it 4 stars
you will not be sorry.
so maybe there's something in this one that doesn't work as well for me
really does it's job
he will not use anything else on his face.
i don't know why i haven't tried this sooner
i don't know why there's a difference
i don't know why the feeling it's not as well as before
i rarely get them
'm not exactly sure which product is helping
it's probablly the best soap you could really get
it's not even half done
i like that there is no harsh smell to it either.
you can't beat the price
doesn't try out my face
let us not forget the redness
i don't know how i ever got along without this product
i must like it, no?
the only thing i have a question about this product is: why do they say it is for normal to dry skin?
i cant say enough about how great this product has been on my skin
so not only does he use this on his face
does not make me break out.
it doesn't make him break out at all
maybe it is just a matter of time
thankfully i do not have many wrinkles around my eyes yet
this is why i don't give 5 stars
i didn't realize how tired i had looked before this
you will get these results too
it does what it says.
any laugh lines i have are all
i really didn't think all that much of it
i mean it was ok
there is nothing like it
i know that because i have gone without it before with terrible results
not only does it do what it says it will
that didn't deliver any results
it's not as expensive as others out there
when i didn't get that result
im not sure on how effective it is on erasing fine lines as i do not have any yet
i wouldn't be without it
have no lines what so ever underneath my eyes
the only thing i would change about it
this product does the trick.
didn't see any change in under eye darkness like some people have
have never found anything that works
wasn't expecting this to change that
i don't think it claims to
this is the only one i've ever used where i really notice a difference
who wouldn't like to hear that at 53!
it's the only one that actually works
i can tell a difference
not sure, but maybe!
don't really need this stuff yet
i decided it couldn't hurt making this purchase
f you're biggest complaint is dark circles maybe try something else
it isn't an over night miracle for me
s either unless you actually get it in your eyes
the only thing i don't like about it is the container it comes in
i don't know about the wrinkle thing
this product did not irritate my skin
i couldn't have asked for a better product!
i am not sure yet because i haven't been using it long enough
this one does all the things it says
actually one of them is gone altogether
does what its suppose to
won't use anything else
nothing works like this does
the only thing i don't like is the price.
all about eyes just wasn't cutting it anymore
i can't believe the difference in his skin in less than a week
because he does not want to run out
so he didn't wanna put anything on his skin after cleansing
not only for men
all i can add is if it ain't broke don't fix it!
the only thing i don't like a bout it is the packaging
you need to read not only what the product actually is
it does not bother my skin.
it may not be for everyone
you don't need much product to get the job done
it may not be for everyone
it 110% does it's job
if i could afford it
like no word of a lie.
not one darn trace that is all :o)
(just like it's supposed to!).
i mean you can't go wrong
this stuff does neither.
i don't know why they discontinued it
i do not use this in the morning.
takes it off so easily and not overdrying.
i tell my buddies about it, too.
i can tell how good of a job it does at that because after i use the clinique cleanser
dont know if ill re purchase
i don't ever want to be without this!
dont know how it does on removal
i can honestly say that i feel like i have br
it didn't work on top of that
this one did not disappoint
if you don't have time
but not a big deal.
it does what it says it does
as they get dryer than anything else
it never caused me any break-outs
you won't regret using this product.
i wouldn't change a single thing
try it, you will not be sorry.
if you did not use this
all it means is that i can't skip on the mousturizer while using this
as i've gotten into the habit of using something else
it does it's job
wouldn't want to be without it.
man they weren't kidding when they said this stuff foams
tried something else, not as good cleaning power.
i found no need to do that.
i do not mind this cleanser at all.
this does not make my skin react
i'll never use anything else again.
it does the job
why do i keep doing that?
i simply love it
this product doesn't go to far removing them
did not do enough to reduce the appearance of my fine lines
i notice some people complaining about it not helping dark circles
you probably won't even notice
i didn't think this product would do much for me because i thought my dark circles were genetic
what it does for you
while this definitely doesn't completely diminish them
it doesn't bother my eyes even when i have contacts in
i might not look like i got 10 hours of sleep
you do not need a lot of this stuff at all.
she didn't want this
i didn't really believe it was this cream though
don't know if it works for them
i am not a skin care person
this is mostly because i usually can't tell a difference from product to product no matter the price tag
not all about eyes
did not like how it felt
just not a fan of the packaging
i've come to the conclusion such a one hit wonder does not exist
can't live without it.
this does the trick
this product does just that
does not work with dark circles
it doesn't do anything for dark circles
this stuff does not burn my eye area at all
you don't need a lot.
get this, you won't regret it.
it does not do anything to under eye bags
my only issue is that it doesn't last all day.
this does not cause any problems at all
you can't go wrong with this
not sure how it will work for the dark circles yet
you know it's going to get the job done
it depuffs just like it promise
the price doesn't bother me because i would basically sell my soul when it comes to skin care
i always shake my had at the reviews that say they don't see a difference
it doesn't look dry anymore since i started using this
i don't know what fragrance is in here
i can't speak on behalf to the other things this product claims to do
wouldn't have noticed a difference anyway
does what is says
i've tried other eye creams just to see what else is out there
don't know why i waited so long to get this
doesn't break me out
i'll never use anything else!
if it wasn't for the low price tag i probably would have never tried this
this product will not disappoint
and, it does everything it promises.
i honestly did not expect it to work
i didn't expect miracles
i didn't get miracle
i mean it's not a miracle worker
it is so smooth, i can't believe it.
i do not use the product for these reasons
she didn't even believe it was my eyes
not exactly for the reasons it claims i should
it just does not seem possible.
also it does not irritate my eyes.
i can't say that it works for the dark circles
the only complain that i have is the bottle
it's not a miracle wonder product
aren't really worried about wrinkles i'd say try it out
this is not what you wanna buy
i m going to assume that is impossible unless proven otherwise
pointed out that he doesn't like how it leaks
the guy just won't/doesn't know want to buy
let me buy him one i thought he'd like
i wish there was one without smell.
he doesn't wear anything on his face because he has really sensitive skin
it's exactly the same as the "women's" version
i want to use it and just might!
he did not use any of them
just not the one he prefers
my boyfriend is one of those guys who doesn't take care of his skin
does work as it says it does
he was really reluctant in even trying the product
oil-free which is exactly his he how likes it
t seems not moisture enough to him
he can't go a day without this product
let me tell you
thatâ€™s when i realized what i had done in buying the wrong type of moisturizer for my husb
would recommend to everyone i know.
the product does what it says it is supposed to do
i wasn't sure what to expect with this one.
it's my go to in he morning
i don't have much to complain about
i didn't have any problems with this moisturizer!
add to my t zone area or not give me enough
i love this one because even though it's very light
doesn't do anything to minimize the oil
when i really didn't have acne
the only thing that i really don't like about this is that it has no spf
doesn't break me out.
this doesn't break me out at all
don't have a sephora near me
it didn't make me break out
didn't have high expectations for it
it's still my absolute go
this doesn't give any issues
i do like that since it's not running all over
want something that won't make it worse
it didn't break me out too.
i can't get enough
i can't tell you any other affects as i have yet to see them
does not make you break out
i usually do that anyway
it does what it claims to do!
all i can say is get it!
it did not cause me any breakouts
does what it needs too!
love this and would recommend to everyone!
i wasn't wowed enough to justify spending that amount
didn't have to worry about the pieces of rose
i don't need it all the time.
i would recommend something else
not sure what it's sappouse to do for my face it
i don't know what it is
i recommend it to everyone
while i would recommend it i probably won't add it to my collection because it didn't do anything my other products don't already do
don't know why that's surprising so many people
10 minutes if you want to
this mask doesn't disappoint.
it certain does help it hydrate i honestly could use this every single night
im not a big person on masks
i tried it anyways
the only reason why i'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the price
this mask may not be for you
at first i thought it didn't do anything
sad i didn't try this sooner in the summer!
it didn't at all
this did the job for me!
it's the only mask i know i can count on.
i think it's worth the price because i simply have not found anything better
i cannot believe this
only downside is i didn't like the smell
the only thing i would say though is that is does have a scent
though it may not be for everyone
so much so that i didn't feel the need to apply the moisturizer
just wish it wasn't so expensive :(
i didn't give it 5 stars because there are no immediate results that are like "wow
i love this product so freaking much 10/10 recommend :
unfortunately i cannot get around the smell
you can tell this is made of real roses.
not thing much but just right.
i also don't find that it gives me any breakouts either
i just wish it wasn't so expensive
it is all i need
wasn't sure if i was a fan
thought i might have issues
i really do not think you'll be disappointed with this one
when i had it on it didn't feel like there was a mask
can't go wrong with that.
it also doesn't seem to break me out
i don't really have a negative thing to say about it
i can honestly say this product has change my face completely
doesn't break me out
this product does not
you don't need to use much at a time
i am not exaggerating when i say this day lotion is miraculous
this lotion does exactly what it promises
they often guess between late 30s
i will never use anything else.
i don't know what is in this product
i rarely get breakouts anymore
this is the only one that gives me no bad reactions
maybe i just didn't use it long enough.
this face doesn't go out of the house without it!
well let me tell you what.
so maybe just maybe we'll be sharing this
i don't think he likes it enough to buy it himself
i wasn't aware until i received it that you couldn't put it on after shaving
guess i didn't think about the acids!
i wasn't really sure he would even use it
hates to go without it
it does what it says!
the last visit i felt the sales rep didn't want to give me any samples
this product does exactly what is says
you don't need to use a lot of product either
so i use it everywhere else except for my eyes.
don't think about it, just buy it.
you dont need much to take off your makeup
this seriously does the job.
just what we want to happen!
just can't seem to love them
not to mention, they always bother my eyes.
at least that's how i use it
doesn't break me out
five stars can't describe how good this product is
you don't need a lot with each use
i mean i had to try it for myself i ordered it online
i didn't have to use any with this product
let me tell you
i did not at all
everything else i use
it legit gets everything off
this did not break me out
other than that, it's amazing!
i love how it'll take of my make-up
my face didn't break out
love this product can't be without it!!
this stuff does absolute wonders!
let me tell you- this thing blew my mind.
i think that everyone should buy this!
couldn't wait to rush out
it doesn't break me out
did i mention it won't break you out?
you get so much product for what you're paying.
my skin does not react to this at all
i would recommend testing out a small spot to make sure it it's okay
do not use water.
it doesn't break me out
first time i hated it because i used it the wrong way
no this is not the right way
i did not know how this was going to work on my oily skin
however, it is and does everything it promises.
this works for any skin type and i mean that!
this does exactly what it says it will do.
luckily i was wrong.
or by itself if my face is mad at me
wont fully melt like it
though it worked out great for me i wanted to try something that didn't require as much pulling on my face
can't imagine being without it
didn't really have under eye issues to begin with
i can actually tell the difference since using this stuff
i wish more eye creams did.
for once a product did exactly what it promised to do
this is the only product that i have tried that does not irritate my eyes
i don't have any wrinkles-yet
unfortunately there is something wrong with the packaging
i think i will not repurchase if they don't change the bottle
i did notice a difference in my fine lines
because it cost so much i feel compelled to use it as intended?
nothing wrong with miracle worker
can't imagine finding something i like more!
i can't believe it.
i can't imagine finding anything better to replace it
who cares *why* it works: it just does
i didn't use it long enough to see any impact on the wrinkles
didn't see any brightening
that's the only benefits i got from it
i ended up going with something else
really shouldn't have any age concerns
i don't really have dark circles anymore
it wasn't pop-able
i didn't see any improvement.
it does not sting
it doesn't do anything to my fine lines.
i also know that
when i was told to try the murad antiaging cream i thougt oh well if i don't like it i can return it
renewing it's supposed to do
i didn't see any changes with the sample which lasted a decent amount of time
at $67 a bottle it really doesn't fit in my budget
i can state with full confidence that if you do not apply more than enough to moisturize you will not have discomfort from the spf
don't know if that will ever happen
can't really comment on whether this helps with wrinkles
that is exactly what i want in an eye cream
i wish it would diminish the fine lines around my eyes
it really does what it claims to do
dont like to be without it now.
skin it does not bother them
i did not experience any burning in my eyes as some others did in their reviews
not using the products for wrinkle so can't comment on that
it does not make my makeup slide off either.
typically by this time i know if it is working or not
i almost did not order as it is a bit pricey
it didn't affect this at all
was really surprised that this cream didn't irritate my eyes at all
i do like this product
but i now know it isn't.
if the smell doesn't bother you
the only downfall to me is that it doesn't smell that great
it does what it says it's suppose to do
â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸ must try if you haven't.
i dont think i will count on this to remove my makeup
don't know if i would recommend this product
i don't expect it to
this cleanser was too "ok" for even me to justify the price
i just wanna say
i don't get why they changed the bottle
i can't see when it runs out
i wish they didn't mess up a good thing.
i didn't think much of it
not with this stuff
it does what it says
you don't need a lot of product to do the trick
can't say enough good thing about caudalie brand!
this product did not cause irritation
if you don't apply enough
you guys can't not imagine how i love this cleanser
you will love this
i can't wait to try the rest of the line!
this product does not irritate it at all
can't go without it.
i really didn't know it was as natural
wont be purchasing this anymore
it doesn't do a great job on eye make-up though
my skin doesn't like it anymore
some may think that it's nothing special
this is exactly what my face needs
however ne bad thing about the product is they forget the give me the cap for this
it still does the same thing for my skin
if you're like me
not just one bottle
i never had problem i don't like small
one pump does the trick for me.
i noticed a lot of other reviews say that it doesn't take off make up
i never had bad acne
nor did it make my skin any worse
i can not live without is this
i don't break out
i don't know what i would do without this program
because i don't suffer badly from acne anymore like i did in my teen years
i would recommend this to anyone, i love it!
it actually doesn't break me out
does exactly what i need it to do which is clean my face without stripping it
price is not bad either
what do you know
after 12 hours i had hardly any oil on my t-zone area
it also doesn't leave a film either.
does what it says!
avoided "softer" ones such as this because i didn't think it would clean enough
how does that make sense?
couldn't figure out why
get it, and you won't regret it.
so far has not caused me any breakouts
there's not going to be one that works for everyone--
can do wonders for the skin
i figured i wouldn't go wrong getting both
many might consider it residue, but i don't.
it doesn't break me out at all either.
this doesn't break me out at all.
what more could you ask for.
it's still the same
it never ceases to give me flawless
i would recommend to anyone!
it does not do anything special
this does not bother me
decided i didnt want to put my face throught all those chemicals anymore
it does what it wants!
just do not over wash!
i think there's a reason why i keep coming back to it
just that alone works wonders
it can't be missed.
it does what i want it to, at a decent price.
this product did not help
does not overdry my skin
i still don't like it in the winter
although i like it
i think it has something to do with the product not having any scent
even though you know your face is clean it just does not seem that way
i break out if you look at me wrong.
now you can hardly tell
this product does what it says
no matter what she uses
it definitely didn't get rid of all of them
it does nothing compared to this one
i tried to like it
it just wasn't for me
didn't keep my makeup on
can not say enough good things about it
it does not do any harm to add extra on problem areas
can't imagine anything being better than this
i know it can most anyone
this does the job.
nothing else in my routine has changed
not everyone is a fan of that
i wish they didn't raise the price as it was $17 before
i don't need to use anything else through the day to look like i just had my make up done
you don't need a foundation
it performs exactly as she said it would.
the only thing is
i cant say enough things about it
i do like it, but not enough for the price.
i don't have to with this
i can't personally speak to it's claims about pores
i wouldn't call this a 'holy grail' product or anything like that
it's like a dream come true
it doesn't break me out
a product that does what it says!!!
that's just not going to happen
it doesn't make me breakout
you don't have to use a lot to get results.
can't love without it â¤ï¸
i can't even say if my highlighter had made it through because i was distracted my how great my skin looked
i don't exactly like the smell
i can tell the difference when i don't use it
if it's not working yet for you give it time!!
this one does not
this does not break me out
i'd like to preface this review with saying that i have actually tried everything out there for oily/combination
it just doesn't justify spending like $100
this does the trick
i rarely break out, if ever anymore.
so that's why i'm willing to pay as i have sensitive skin
this is not enough
doesn't make me break out either which is a great plus
t really does last for a while
it hasn't made me break out
rarely do you find a lotion that truly does what it promises
what else can you ask for?
they just don't compare
this product does not contain any
i do not think you can go wrong with any of dr
i just love this product so much that i need to recommend it
not that i dont wash my face
i only wish there was spf in it.
it does what it suppose to do
i can't imagine ever being without this product again
i wouldn't say it "clears it up" like the description says
the only negative is that it does not have any spf in it
i wanted to find something that was not going to leave my skin dry
was not going to cause breakouts
it doesn't cause me to break out
does that really exist?
i can't say enough about this product.
unfortunately i can't afford it since i was going through about a tube a month
if you can afford it
couldn't ask for more
it has not made me breakout all all which is a miracle for me
i can definitely say that it doesn't dry out my skin or break me out
i can see what the other reviewers mean when they say it levels a greasy film
i happen to like it.
even though it's not the best for my skin
i couldn't use anything else
not so easy to find these days
that's why i use this product.
it's not all that easy to find
this product does the trick
so has everyone else
it doesn't bother me
this is not for you
i do not have any issues
not bad if the only negative thing i can think of to complain about is that
i would buy it if it's in a gift set
this seems to be the only thing that can give me the hydration i want
don't make the same mistake i did!
it didn't stop me from breaking out
the ones i tried didn't really work that well
it actually does what it says
wouldn't use anything else!
don't bother trying another br
it does what it says if you can get past the smell
if you could afford this gem stick to it
can't wait to see what else it will do!
i would recommend this to anyone and everyone!
i won't question it
i can't say whether it does much in the way of improving the appearance of fine lines as i don't really have any just yet
if you are expecting it to smell like roses as i was
still can't find anything that could give me the same fascinating effect that i got first using this products
i love that i don't have to think about where i'm putting it
i don't mind going out sans foundation if need be
i can't believe the difference i have seen in less than 1 week
figured it was my imagination
i can't wait to see what i look like after a few months of using this product
i do believe this product was part of the problem
they are not full of chemicals i cannot pronounce
i just didn't want to continue to use it
nothing i have seemed to work
i can't believe it
it did not disappoint
i do not give it the credit it deserves
the scent is not my thing
this from someone who can't st
went out to buy the real thing asap bc this product is just the best
i can't say enough good things about this product
i love the fact that i can use it around the eye area too
was a little afraid that this would break me out
i didn't want to have to buy 2 products
i like that i can use under my eyes
i cannot say enough good things.
it's not needed when i use this on my face during the day
it also doesn't break me out.
i don't have many lines
i didn't think my bottle would last a long time
i don't need a lot of this
does just what it says
i don't have any fine lines yet
can't say if it helps those
you'll totally know what i mean
this is one of the products i can't do without
i can't express enough how much i love this product
if i don't use it every night
okay when i first got this i did not see what the big deal was
wasn't sure if i really noticed a difference or not
i guess for me
it also does what it sets out to do
i must say though it evens out your skin tone enough that you could use as primer
i can tell a difference
it honestly wasn't high on my list of products to try
recently i've thought it just wasn't working anymore
this is amazing, and i don't say that lightly.
i've rarely found one that is worthy of crowing about
which i don't care for
that might not agree with everyone
don't want them to get worse
can't live without it
love it wont change my routine!
nothing could save my skin except this stuff
not even in the t zone
it's my 1 product i can't live without
it didn't make me break out
just what i needed.
this one is great if you don't want to spend the extra money
if you don't mind the price
it does not cause me to break out
i don't know if i'll want to use this in the summer months
the bb's did not always match
how can you go wrong?
i didn't even need a primer.
i don't know what it is about this moisturizer
although this does have a scent it's not too strong
have not been sorry
it doesn't have a bad smell to it like the other product did
there's no reason to try anything else.
my only issue with it was that it didn't feel "soothing" when i put it on
doesn't make me break out
doesn't make me break out
i can't live without it.love it!!!!!
i do wish it came with a little spoon or osmething
does not make my face red
maybe that will never happen
it doesn't bother me
i didn't really noticed that this clogged my pores until i put it on alone one day
it doesn't bother me too much because i can use a mask
not seen the results as i did with this line
this not only works as a primer
if you're willing to spend the money
it's just so exspensive that i can't quite bring myself to buy it
giving me the results i want
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone
so needless to say i've gone through a ton of products in an attempt to clear it up
this doesn't bother it at all
i dont know what i would do without the all over blemish solution
there is something about this product that works like nothing else out there
i am just not sure i would splurge the $80+ for the full tube
i can't state this enough!
even ones under the skin that haven't come out yet
you don't have to use a lot
still dont get how it does it
i did like the effect it had on my skin
the products tha i have tried have either been too drying or did not help
who says you can't have belimishes at 43.
it's simply a must have product.
why i have it 4 stars
this didn't break me out
i can not believe that i found a product that works for me
dont let that turn you off to the product though
was desperate to try anything
not only does this stuff work
haven't seen anything like it
if you can afford it go for it
i do not wash my face after using it
am sure it doesn't react with any of my other face products before i invest in it
i honestly couldn't live without it.
i probably don't need to
i just can't spend this much on a moisturizer which actually makes me want to cry
you get what you pay for
because frankly you'll be paying way to much when you should just be using primordiale
hate to be without it
i don't know about the price though.
only problem for me
i can't wait to see what happens after a month or so
that's why i'm only giving it 4 stars.
wish they would get on the b
this time i did notice a difference in consistency
that really does all that it claims
i like how there isn't any fragrance
i wish it came in a tube or a pump so that air doesn't get in
if others notice its working specailly if you've told no one of the changes in your routine that is awsome
i wish it wasn't so pricey
i can't say no to this
believe me i've tried them all
they know what they are doing.
you do not need a lot of product
people ask me what i use on my skin
does it do what it advertises it should do only a little more time will tell
i couldn't live without it
my face would itch no matter what i used on it
never sure when i look in the mirror if any skin product i use is making a difference
i can't say i look any younger
this one doesn't over promise
it does what it claims
absolue does not irritate me
not sure what difference that really makes to the actual product
it works like nothing else i have ever tried before
i simply cannot live without this in my life
i wouldn't be without it.
no blemishes are raised anymore
there's something special about it.
wonder if that's the reason why so many people gave it low reviews ?
not sure why this is getting bad reviews
the only reason i didn't give it five starts is that i haven't yet tried the cleansing balm or the oil
so, i don't have any comparisons.
i can't believe there's anything better
i tried using it on my eyes and yes it stung too.
however do not use near eyes it will burn them alot like other reviews mention lol
i wish it didn't sting
do not do this
if i can't find one i like
i wouldn't steer you wrong
this will remove all of your make up so that you do not get all the buildup
you don't need that much
i wouldn't use anything other than a clinique product on my face
it did not really remove the tarina tarantino eyeliner i had on
i can let it sit on my skin without worrying about breakouts
i like it too because you don't have to use alot!
i dont use it anywhere
it does exactly as it says it does though
did not remove all of my make-up
guess it is only for face makeup
can't get over how often he is now called my dad
it doesn't make me break out
so don't think this product is somehow doing double-duty
they do it right
with just enough for coverage to my face
i already can't live without it
what else can i say?love it
can't comment too much about that
i don't have a problem with that anymore
even though she is 58 she doesn't look a day over 45
which i can rarely ever say about a product
this moisturizer does not require much product to do its job
i don't know what it is about this lotion
it did not work out for my skin at all
not in love with the smell.
i can't attest to the long term effectiveness yet
i never thought to try it
don't expect any changes
it doesn't make me break out
the great thing about sephora though is that you can return products if they don't work for you
that's just not true
that's enough for me.
can't pinpoint if this made the change
all other products that i have tried never did what they led to do
i do not like the smell of it
this night cream did wonders
how do i know?
the few people that i do reveal my true age
just do not believe me
although that is not always the case
i think i have them all
just not giving me enough moisture
didn't need to use very much
this does not irritate
this products did not break me out
i like this one because it is not greasy
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
this was a pleasant surprise although i don't know why i didn't just try it first
nothing seems to give me the coverage
not as mosturizing as the benefiance
my skin never does as well with them
sometimes you do get what you pay for.
you can not go wrong using any of the products by shiseido
i love that it's not heavy, but really works.
they all like it.
even though i want to test other ones
this might not be strong enough for you
i don't even feel the need to
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
works, doesn't break you out.
i didn't know what to make of it.
it's probably not actually changing fine lines
doesn't make me break out
you don't have to use much
give it some time and it will amaze you!
now i cant tell you that it worked wonders on my skin
it never lets me down
i don't know what this stuff does
i can't live without this stuff!
to be honest i'm not sure what exactly it does or if it's any better than anything else out there
she won't use anything else
that made me afraid it would make my dry
i won't venture out into anymore eye creams cause i will stick with what i know works best
i think it's okay
i wanted something that would minimize the lines i have
i can't explain it but it amazing!
doesn't go well under make up
not sure if its doing anything else though.
just don't put too much when you're planning wearing makeup
even as a night cream it does wonders
i don't think they were kidding when they wrote this one as intense hydrating
i would be surprised if it doesn't hydrate
not sure about the dark circles
i tell every woman i know about it
not really an issue for me as i intend to use it mainly at night
i must say that a little
i didn't mind it at all
i couldn't tell a difference right away
i couldn't believe it!
you definitely will not have any regrets
i guess that is all i can ask for at age 31
really does what it says and it's not over $100!
the only problem is though that it does not really deliver on blackness
its just not as bad
i didn't notice any difference for the wrinkles because i don't really have any
haven't had that many that i like
it's the only kind i buy.
i dont see any other benefits
i can still see it's dewiness in the am
while i don't think this does anything for tightening
i do not have dark circles.
which i have always heard is a no-no
i can't live without this
i must say i like it
that's something i can deal with if it works this well
whenever else it's necessary -- meaning this little pot goes a long way
how did i live without this product?!
i didn't see any huge different until i stopped using it
is not easy to see a before
i truly miss it when i don't have it.
i'll never use anything else!
can't beat the price either!
for me, i don't have this problem.
they truly give you a bang for your buck.
it hasn't happened with these yet
i didn't have to go anywhere
i don't know what i'd do without these!
the quality of these can't be beat
the only thing i find can be a problem sometimes
just don't want to go through my routine
i would recomend this proiduct to anyone!
i can't imagine them being any softer
i always buy a couple at a time because i do not want to find myself out of them
it sure does remove the make up too
as i do not use this product every day
almost didn't get because i read one of the reviews how it dries easily
the price can't be beat
if i did i'm not sure if this would remove make-up completely
this product does exactly what is says it will do
doesn't break me out
this product does not irritate it at all
easy enough that she does use them
does the job as adverised.
i didn't think it made much of a difference
was not expecting to try or even like this product
not sure why people with dry skin buy this then complain
it's clearly not meant for you
doesn't make me break out
anyone saying this makes their skin dry clearly didn't research well enough on what product to buy
i gave it four stars because it doesn't do it all
and best of all, it doesn't break me out.
i didn't have any breakouts since i use this product
don't know how they compare
it's exactly how it's advertized
the only thing i hate about it
there is no question about it
wasn't sure how well it would work
did not break me out
can tell if i use something else
still can't believe the results
which still didn't help
wont necessarily stop you from getting shiny later in the day
this did just what it was supposed to
can't wait to use it.
or as i want it to be
letting it "dry" for 5-10 minutes without anything else on it
4 stars though becuase i don't know if the 'mattifying' part really works
did not break me out as most moisturizers do.
which is supposed to be so lightweight---i couldn't even feel it
it's not as dry as they say it is
the only thing that i don't like abiut it is how much the pump gives you
this does the job for me
this doesn't really help as it is almost like water
i don't know if i can justify buying a whole new bottle just to add to my primer
it didn't do too much for oil control
then this probably isn't for you
the pump doesn't give enough product for me to cover my entire face
i would say give it a shot
words cannot describe how much i love this
it doesn't last all day however
a ba told me it wasn't enough nutrition for my skin type
i don't break out
will not know what i would do if it was discontinued
it didn't wow or disappoint me
this one is not for you
it wouldn't be enough for me in the winter.
wish they'd ditch the added fragrance.
it wont help you at all
although i went with my gut to buy this because of the word 'cream'
that i feel like i don't even need a primer
uses it as he didn't want anything too greasy on his face
would have a bad reaction with them
i don't know if it's good or bad for my skin
can't imagine using anything else
if you're like me
it really does help when you have those r
there is nothing i don't like about this gel.
this moisturizer is exactly what they say it is!
it doesn't even feel like i have it on.
the only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars is that in the winter my skin gets really dry
its tropisc as you might know
the only face cream so far wich did not fail the hunt for lightnes is shisheido
so far had not found any other to al least not overgrease my face
it doesn't make you break out
does exactly what it should do
doesn't really go above
do not cause break out.
this is such a great lightweight moisturizer that i never use anything else anymore
it doesn't break me out
that's why i give only 4 stars to this product.
it doesn't cause breakout
can't speak to whether or not this will really help to prevent line formation
even if i don't break out
please do not ever change any of the ingredients in this product
can't live without it
so like me if you want something not too oily
i recommend using it at night even if yours isn't
but i don't mind.
if it does not work
you can return it to sephora no question asked
i cannot believe it.
i can't say enough about this
doesn't take a lot either
i would have to agree
looks like pimple never happened
i want to make sure that my moisturizer is not going to exacerbate the issue
my advice would be to give it a try even if you think it may be too heavy for you
i cannot imagine giving it up
i didn't experience any breakouts
i think there's a review that says it's not meant for young skin
why can't we get it here in the us?
maybe if we all demand it here, they'll get it.
even if it didn't the other benefits mentioned make this product worth it
if you can't afford to use everything in good br
most of them didn't do much for me.
although it's not a miracle
i like not love it.
i didn't expect a great deal
if you can afford it, buy it ;d
i can tell you a surprise
the fragrance might bother some people at first.
since i didn't see any improvement in my lines
it may not help the lines
however, i wasn't so in love with the price tag.
it's not as heavy as i thought it would be
does wonder and love it.
and it did not break me out at all!.
simply because i don't want to get toasted in summer on a trip to the waterpark :-p so anyway
couldn't find anything that works until i tried this cream
even though i found it pretty heavy it didn't make me break out
when my skin didn't need it
it's been the only thing that works
even strangers through out the years on how they can't believe my mom is 73 y
what it does for my mother
don't see myself being without it.
i couldn't find anything for men that i liked.
they even ask me what i'm using on my face because the difference is apparent
since it was so expensive i wasn't sure if i was willing to risk it
i am not sure about fine lines because i don't have any yet
b/c nothing else gave my eyes what they needed
so you may not notice
she must be doin' somethin' right cause she's in her 50's
answer section when one woman was begging people not to use it
it usually happens to everything i use anyways
since i started using this cream i don't use my foundation as much anymore
it truly does what it says!
someone even told me they didn't even notice when i took my makeup off something i never thought i would hear about my skin
i honestly cannot live without this cleanser.
and yes i will recommend this product...
i can't wait to see how clean
i want to try it with my clarisonic.
i can see why some reviews say that it's drying so maybe not the best for drier skin types
it does what it says it will do.
so you really don't need to use that much product
didn't have any problems
this one may not solve your problem
i like all of them
i didn't see any brightening effect
do yourself the favor
not only did it work for my mom
it does not appear to have any colors
it does what it says does
even though i know that doesn't really have anything to do with how well it cleanses
i didn't realize how much more a cleanser can do
yes i'll repeat what my husb
this does everything mentioned that i could want for a face wash
can't find anything else quite like it
it does what it says it will do
now, i can't imagine my routine without it.
i rarely use foundation anymore!
no worries here though
i actually love this cleaser
this one did wonders for my skin
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
nor did i resemble his mini-me anymore
even at 19 i knew that this wasn't going to be enough in the long-term
i could just darn well wait the couple of days
although my skin didn't
can't live without it
the only thing i'm not so happy about is that it doesn't take off makeup
didn't do anything exceptional for me either
i can't get over how quickly
it does everything it says
you do not need much of it to begin with
i actually like the product
it does not irritate my skin or make me break out
this moisturizer does not disappoint.
this is what i want
that's exactly what i got
of course i can't tell a difference in any color change yet
the only thing though
i don't have to wear foundation anymore
this one is so light you don't even feel like it's on
love it and would recommend this to anyone!
do not go for cheap products
doesn't make me break out
now this product i can't live without!
this one i can't live without!
it does not sticks
it doesn't make me break out
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that it really doesn't do any obvious brightening
i dont think it has any effect with dark spots
i noticed from the second day that my face doesn't look that tired anymore
it is not white for sure
i can't say that i have noticed any change in my "spots"
it never fails that i always love shiseido products
wouldnt recommend this if you are a little impatient
you need to use all shiseido products for a long looong time before the thing actually does what it says
i like ren products that i have tried so far.
having just turned 55 it was exactly what i needed
i don't know what to say.
i didn't have much aging
no worry that my makeup won't apply properly over it
get something that would actually work
which i love because i don't always get enough sleep either
some even noticed that i didn't have a wrinkle line i had
i didnt notice that til that customer pointed it out to me
i didn't think much could help with my dark circles
i did not have much of a puffy eye concern before the product
i don't think anything will
it addresses everything else
if you are like me
not ready to spend 100 dollars on eye cream that you don't even know if you need
i bother buying anymore because everything else seems to irritate my skin
can't say i've seen a difference with dark circles
this does the trick for everything!
i wouldn't say it does much for my dark circles
it is not a miracle cream
i did notice it did get rid a few of my fine lines
however it didn't really minimize my dark circles
do not have anything to compare it to
didn't affect my makeup at all
i cannot believe how much of a difference i see
the only reason i didn't give it five stars is because it doesn't do anything for dark circles like it claims
it does not burn like the others did
it's not a product that works after one use.
this might be not enough hydration
can't say how it does under makeup
it does everything else it claims
they didn't do anything besides just sit there
wouldn't let that stop you
it accomplishes what it says it will do
this product does not bother me at all
i've never used eye cream before because i just didn't worry about my dark circles
it didn't bother me
i didn't think it was possible for my under eye area not to have puffiness when i smiled
told myself why not try it
i must say it really works
my eyes does not look tired anymore
let's hope this works!
was using something else
i can't speak to the about the eyes
it's good, i would say.
i did not notice any help with shadows/ dark circles
i don't see any difference in my dark circles
i can't say much about wrinkles since i don't really have any yet
i would recommend it to anyone
i may get tempted to try something else
everything else irritated them
how much i would be forking money wise if it didn't work
if you don't see them immediately
as i don't think it will take off makeup completely
which wasn't a big deal to me
t doesn't remove make up nor from face nor from eyes
thats not the case with this.
this cleanser has been so good to me that im afraid to try anything else
make sure not to let it slip out of your h
when you find something that works
do not expect immediate
so you can control exactly how much you want
i can't write say enough good things about this cleanser
i will continue to use nothing else on my face
i know people say use a remover first
i think it's a great product to try if it seems like you've tried everything
nothing works for you
i wanted to try this product because the product i was using i was unable to get anymore
i cannot rave about this product enough.
the bottle doesn't last very long either
you don't need to much of this to make it work.
nothing wow about it.
just in case that's what you were going for.
because i do not want to run out
find i immediately break out when using anything else
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars
i noticed that it didn't burn at all
that sephora didn't carry it
i dont know how its works
if you can afford it
while i can't really know whether it really does what it promise or not
may i remind you
we'll have to see if it can really help my acne
i didn't know that was possible
the only thing that i would maybe change is that it doesn't foam as much as i would like it to
it doesn't affect how i feel about the product
though it didn't stop them completely
went with something else
that did not work out at all
i wouldn't say this is a bad cleanser at all
it does not drymy skin out
i personally find that annoying
i will never switch to anything else
my only complaint is that there is not enough product in the bottle
not overwelming at all
only thing i do not like about it is the packaging
i believe this product has something to do with it
before i couldn't even touch my face without wondering if i was going to have a red mark
t is never a problem for me
i can see how it would be infuriating if you were trying to get makeup off with it
not one shred of reaction from it
after using this product for several months my skin basically doesn't react to anything
i can so far say that it's definitely gentle
however it does not remove makeup
i can't wait to try other products in this line!
how some may not get on with it
this might not be for you
just what i wanted.
i let that happen
i just wasn't used to it
i will never use anything else
i loved it and it didn't break me out.
this is not for you
i can't say enough about evercalm!
don't let that scare you
or else i honestly don't think i would have bought it
my skin didn't react to it at all
i don't break out
i can't wait to try their other products
for those who say it doesn't remove your makeup
here is what i do
it does what it says.
couldn't wait to try it
my skin didn't exactly feel clean
somehow i feel my skin is not fully cleansedâ€¦ maybe it's just me
this cleanser is exactly how the description states
this is exactly what i wanted
but i do like the effectivness.
otherwise do yourself a favor
if you find that this does not remove your makeup effectively
i wanted to make sure to let you know
i did not think this took off my makeup well at all
as the others did not
if i don't use it one night
didn't love any of them
you will not be sorry
it does not take all your makeup off
no matter what i did
this one has not
you'll see what i mean
it does tend to leave a slight film which i wish it didn't
i only wish i could afford the price!
this was not a problem at all
seems to be doing what it says it will do
i can honestly say this one does the job just as well as the $250 eye cream i've used for $30
if that's your concern then i'd recommend this product
you're not wasting product
'm not sure how it would work on someone else
i wasn't expecting it to
have nothing to compare as a man i don't jump around br
i like what other people are saying
we'll see what type of difference i see when the product is gone
i've never used a product that didn't deliver on its promises
i recommend it to everyone!
i do not know whether it is making much of a difference with my dark circles
it seems to not really make any difference anymore
not sure if it's because the product stopped working for my skin or whatever
s every two months or so just so that my skin doesn't get used to it
never get enough sleep
although my only complaint is that it does nothing for dark circles- if u are looking to correct that
this is not the product
i wasn't really expecting it to work
don't think i'm quite there yet
this is the first one i have tried that does not irritate my eye area whatsoever
does not leave a greasy feel either.
like it wasn't firm or something
yes it goes a long way
it does not completely erase them
h/ever, it does not eliminate dark cirles.
i can't live without it.
is as good as anything else i have found for those
actually does what it says- yay!
not so with this one
didn't do anything for puffiness though...
don't think i've used the product long enough for it's full benefit
it does help with puffyness
just like it says in the description
do not get this if you want anti-aging.
does not help with lines
i can't find another one as good as this one.
does exactly what it says it does
it works to an extend you can't expect the puffyness to be gone
that's not a big problem with me
the only con is if i'm not careful
i can see the difference
i don't know that they will completely disappear
i don't think it "likes" when you try to do only 1/2 a pump
or maybe that's just me.)
while this doesn't quite fit the bill
nothing i've ever come across does
there are never any problems
not sure if it's because i've applied it too close to my eye
it doesn't happen every time
it really does what it says it's supposed to
this does not irritate at all
i didn't really expect that.
about the pump: i agree that the pump can accidently push out too much product
refreshing to use i cant beleive the results i have achieived with this product better than plastic surgery can ever do
it does not eliminate them
my skin does not look tired anymore
i never want to write a review on something until i know for sure if its a keeper or not
it does not linger
can't recommend this product enough.
i love that it doesn't have any bad ingredients in it
i do still feel the need to apply something else.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was b/c the scent is a little strong when i first put it on
i don't use it alone every night
it's just the right level
this product did not irritate my skin
only thing it does not do is make wrinkles disappear
doesn't break me out
please don't stop making this!!!
it doesn't effect how well it lasts
i read that some didn't care for the scent
i didn't even notice it after 2 uses
not only do i use your product @ night it also works great under my make-up
don't know what it is about this product
this product does everything it claims.
appreciate what the product does not contain
that's how it is
i didn't even have to finish the kit convince me that ren was the one for me
doesn't make me break out
i can't say enough about this.
didn't think much of it
if i had scads of money i would use it everywhere
not horrid, but i just didn't like it.
i guess this just wasn't heavy enough?
this is the only night cream that i have tried that doesn't make me break out
i won't use anything else on my face
it does not irritate at all.
but that's just my opinion!!!
if i could afford it
does not cause me to brake out
wish it wasn't so expensive
i must say, i love this night cream.
if something goes wrong
let me tell you
wasn't sure if i wanted to use a new product on my face
i can't say anything negative about this product
can't wait to get it
i like it well enough that i ordered some anyway
can't afford all the things i want
try it, you'll see what i'm talking about.
don't know if doing so would prolong the effect
i enjoy it, but it might be annoying for some.
i am not a big mask person
you can see the difference
i would recommend this to anyone.
thats how i know the product is doing its job
i didn't really notice that much of a difference
i didn't see pore reduction yet
i did see a difference afterward
this actually doesn't break my face out more
that tends to happen when i try new stuff
i forget what it was called
it does everything it claims to do.
guess it wouldn't hurt to use.
i really didn't see much of a difference
i can't say anything bad about this product
not so with this.
i will have to return the product simply because i can't blessed get it out
i don't think you're really meant to remove it this way
the dispenser gives you exactly the amiount you need for every use
this may not be the maskfor you
returned it because she doesn't need it
how bad could it be
i am not even sure it will come out.
they have happened less
can't tell how much product i have left
i don't break out as much when i use this product
why oh why would they think this packaging is better than what they had before?
i can't see how much product i have left now
wanted to try something else
it does leave that feeling as if there is something on your skin
my daughter being 12 also doesn't do well "step" products
i mean my face hurt so much i couldn't sleep
i can tell when i'm not using this cleanser.
don't let it sway you from buying this product
i recommend it to anyone and everyone.
don't be afraid to give this a try
i figured it was only $30 why not
i don't believe my skin has ever been this clear
i think i'll have no way of knowing when it's empty
such a pain to get anything out
tried anything that claimed to be a miracle worker to help clear things up
my face is not only clear
i needed to do something about it
not only can i see the difference
the pump does not lock
are hardly there anymore
i recommend it to everyone!
which the other packing didn't have that claim
it doesn't put out enough product
that just didn't work
lets be honest you're reading these reviews because anything that helps is worth it
if you know what i mean
it does exactly what it says
hardly any get big enough that they fill up
something i can happily look beyond if it means it works as well as it does
it's not that bad!
this stuff is the truth!
i didn't know what to do
once i began to break out they didn't really have anything that could help black skin
even to the point that i can go without makeup
which i never thought would happen
thinking i wouldn't find a product match
do not know which one is helping
i would have hated it
i don't mind it
the smell won't even matter
i can't even tell you how much better my skin was this cycle
i didn't even know this product would even out my skin tone
i don't know what i would do if this product was ever discontinued
i will say that it's not for sensitive skin.
you may want to use a lot since it doesn't foam
i don't know which one is working
i suggest you try both!
the only downfall is that it does not take off makeup very well
to the point i didn't want to leave the house
okay so even though the review below says not to believe the hype
i literally have tried everything except rx creams because i feel like that should be the ultimate last resort
i can't believe it's me
i know some people didn't like that feeling
to me it proves that it's working
i don't care if it works
thought id give it a try
let me just say: i rarely ever share my reviews
this stuff does the trick
appreciate when others do
it got so bad that i didn't want to go out of the house
don't know if i ever will
that it doesn't sting as much anymore
this stuff is no lie!
we all know that's just not the case
when i first started using it i honestly did not expect to like it
she told me exactly how to use them
let's just say i hate myself for falling in love
you'll fall in love not only with the br
at first i hated the fact there aren't any bubbles
didn't want to leave my house
after a while it didn't sting anymore
you'll be so happy you did
it never lets me down
i would warn to be careful how much you use the mask tho
i've tried everything and i mean everything!
i can't say enough good things about this product
i don't think it would prevent breaking outs
let me tell you
yes it's not a lot of product
that's what matters to me
it takes me not
i didn't noticed much after one day's application
t didn't bother me much
i can't say enough about how wonderful this product is
figured i could always bring it back if i didn't like it
these people must not have problem skin"
when i first tried it i didn't like it cause it burned a little
this month i didn't break out
i can't wait to try the rest of the dermadoctor products
not take it with me
boy did my skin not like being without it
all i have to say is wow!
i don't know why more people don't know about this
this is the only product that i know of that has helped my horomoal
i don't know why i do this
yes, one week, folks.
i can't say enough wonderful things about it.
can't live without em!
didn't work for me
the pimples that usually hurt didn't hurt the next day
finally a product that actually does what it says it will do
i just can not live without it
not with this product
what can i say besides how did i live without you
i could be wrong
i am so glad i did because it has controlled my acne like no other product has before
i can't say enough about it
i dont have acne anywhere else
can't say enough good stuff about this product.
there just isn't any other cream
so you don't want to over apply
you won't have to worry about breakouts
the only thing i dislike is that i can't use products over it
no matter how hard you try
you know what i'm talking about
i cannot tell you all how many times i have tried to treat my acne
i couldnt believe how fast its working.
didn't see the results i expected
i would certainly recommend this if you aren't seeing results just using the face wash
this product did not irritate or overdry
i cannot wait to see what this does for me.
i didn't think i would like this as much as i have come to
this product does what it's supposed to do in a very short period of time
does what it says!
it just didn't work so well
anyway, it does the job for me.
that didn't even work
this stuff works to not only clear up any current problems
'd say it's doing a good job
i can honestly say that this product is amazing i got the larger size
i can honestly say that i am in love with this facial wash
i don't mean to say that's wrong or something
which is also a wonderful product that i can't say enough about
i love how i can use it daily if i wanted to
i even use it with my foreo.
you don't even need that much
honestly didn't even want to leave my house
i can't believe the mistake i almost made when i almost convinced myself it couldn't be worth the price
it's not that pricy because you really don't need much
the only thing that bothers me is the cap where the product comes out
there's been nothing like this product!
i cant wait to try other philosophy products.
honestly it doesn't smell bad at all
if you're doubting it
but i love this product anyway.
because i don't believe one is out there
it didn't irritate it at all
-this product isn't necessarily meant for acne
i literally did not think it was possible for my skin to be this soft
still do on my t zone
most importantly didn't make my skin angry!
i can honestly say that this face scrub is the best one i have every purchased
the only fault is the cap doesn't open all the way
not with this one
months i just wish the price wasn't so high
if you are thinking about trying this product
figured i would probably love this too
not have to ever worry about it drying out my skin
i didn't think it was going to be a good srub
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that i have to take mascara off separately
which i should anyway
i don't do this much.
you will be glad you did
i couldnt figure out what else i needed to completely eliminate it
i can honestly say that if you are on the fence about buying this product
does what it says it does.
would never use anything else
does what i need it to do
that might make all the difference in my skin
it doesn't make me break out
i don't know how
even drop an insane amount of money if that's what it took
some that people seem to have concerns about
so do your homework
know what works for you
i will say that even though this works for me
the only thing some people might not like is the texture
it's not for everyone
can't even tell that it's in it
nor did i try it that way
this may be for you if you can afford it.
then i couldn't find any more
above everything else i have tried
it actually does what it says it will.
i love everything about this -- except the price!
you would not even believe that i ever had any acne
rarely put anything on my face that is not oil free
i don't know what it is in this product that helps with oil control
all i can say is wow
this product does everything!
i like this so much i need to spread the word immediately
they didn't smell good
i am not sure about any longterm effects or miracles
don't really have any skin problems
after about 2 minutes you cant feel it at all
i am so glad i didn't throw this away
there wasn't anything on the sample to indicate what it was supposed to do
i can't be without this one either.
and the compliments don't hurt either
this doesn't break me out
all in all, i'd say it's a winner.
it wouldn't do the job
not so with this product
sephora does not sell it
don't know about long term results
i cannot rave enough about this product!
it didn't make me break out
i don't have any real signs of aging yet
i cannot say enough good things about it.
i don't see any miracle happens on me
can't comment on if it has definitely helped improve my skin
you don't need much
i am not sure if it is doing anything as far as anti-aging
no matter what i did
this does not make me break out
doesn't break me out
no stinging, reddness, or anything else.
man i just can't get enough of this stuff
if you want something that will make your wrinkles actually go away
i can overlook this
just enough to make a difference
but what a find indeed!!
i can't live without it
yes it was pricey
i tried it anyway
no that i would
i can't say enough about it
the only problem i would say is that its pricey
which i did not expect
i don't use it every night
this does everything that it says.
this product doesn't break me out
he asked me to buy him another one, so i did.
doesn't break me out
i notice a huge difference if i ever for some reason even go one night without it
although i can not tell instant results
does not seem to be causing any breakouts.
nothing to where i would stop using
please don't ever change this formula.
can't say enough great things about this moisturizer
'm not sure how it would do in the warmer months
problem is they disscontinued it
at night it does the job
it does what no other moisturizer has done before
buy it, you won't be sorry.
you might not like that
i has not caused me to breakout
does not make me break out
many times i use it on it's own at night
nothing else i was using would make them go away
seems to do the trick.
do not break me out
that can be a bit not enough at night
you do not need much
it does everything it says it will do
t hasn't been that long that i using it
all the hype that sorrounds it
i can't say i'm getting younger every day
the only thing is the bottle doesnt ever feel empty so you don't know how much is left
you don't know when you're out until you're out.
not so old around the eyes anymore
then let that dry before applying anything else
then we'll see if there are more drastic results
it's not as good as i expected
i just can't beleive it!!
you just need this.
its pricey but you dont need that much.
this is the best yet - i can't do with out it.
i didn't have to get as many units
does what it says...no "hype" here!
i already can tell a difference
i do use with another moisurizer
that i did not see with this
doesn't break me out!!!!
i don't think i'll be using anything else.
it doesn't take much at all to cover my face
this one is great if you don't want to spend the extra money
what i like about it is that it doesn't cause breakouts
this just didn't do it for me
perhaps my combination skin wasn't the right type for this
maybe if i'd just used it on my tzone
can't believe how well it worked.
i definitely recommend this to anyone willing to try something new
i will say that i don't wear makeup though
if i have to pay up a bit more to get a product that works then that's what i'll do
does not cause breakouts
does exactly what it says it will
i can't see myself ever switching product lines.
it does have a smell to it but i like it.
i honestly do not think the product has much of a scent to it
it doesn't break me out
it has not caused any breakouts or anything
if i were forced to say one "bad" thing about it
you can't go wrong with it :
i wish it wasn't $38
won't use anything else!
i can't say enough good things about it
the only thing i wish it had was spf
i can't believe it because it is not marketed for my skin type
compared to others not so bad if you want to invest on your face
it doesn't really have a smell in my opinion
i told him he'd have to deal with it bc i will never stop using this product
not a fix-all by any means
does not seem to cause breakouts
the only thing i wish is that it had an spf
the only thing im not sure about is when i get to the end
as you can see
i would wash my face at say
this moisturizer did not make me break out at all
didn't really absorb well
i can't begin to say how happy i am to have finally found a moisturizer for my combination skin
i will never go to any other moisturizer!
i will stick with it for long time i guess!!
i can't see myself trying anything else
i didn't like anything until i tried lancome
you don't need much product
didn't think much about it at first since i knew lancome was quite pricey
i didn't want to spend that much
i cannot say enough good things about this product
not sure if that's because i'm happier
this cream does what it's supposed to do
do have from them some of my favorites which do work for me
without even thinking about the other ones
what can i do?
can't live without it
you do not need a lot of product to treat your face
what others have said about not getting enough sleep
i think that's why i had some break up
anyway, i am not complaining about the cream.
the only thing was that i chose the wrong one.
i usually don't believe in big br
i didn't even buy it from this store
i pretty much plan to use this until i die.
i assume that it was stress because nothing else was different
it didn't work in the long-term
i recommend this for people who don't have a lot of acne
i can't live without !
it did wonders for my skin
this one does not
i can see the difference
decided to use it because why not
i can't imagine my life without it
really notice the difference if i don't use it regularly
as long as you use a good moisturiser it's no problem
just in case any one didn't know you have to moisturize
if you do that then you shouldn't have a problem.
i wouldn't want to stop using it
did not let clinique do its magic
but if you have acne, this is for you.
i've made the dumb choice to not be using it
overall it didn't really do anything dramatic
i did not like it as first
i don't think it will hurt any
tried this off a whim, so far i like it.
i definitely cannot live without this product!
as i learned it's not
i would recommend this to anyone.
i must say i noticed a difference in just 2 days.
but i did like it while i was using it.
the smells doesnt bother me even if i use it on my face
i would recommend this to anyone
not this one it gets the job
nothing else i tried really did the trick
very rarely do i use a product that i notice almost instant results
it's not good as a base for makeup however
it's the only one i've tried that's really effective against 'lurkers
definately does what is promised.
i tried everything i could
i don't even have to wear foundation anymore
i wish i could give this product 6 stars!
i has not overdried my skin
i didn't find it 100% effective
which i guess is to be expected
that is really dumb
when i do get them
couldn't live without this stuff!
it doesn't work as fast as i had hoped
let me tell you
that's the only reason for the 4 stars
i'd probably say it's one of the best
i must say it works wonders
i can't say that its an amazing product for me
if it is for you
i hardly ever break out
i cannot believe how amazing this product is!
you never know when a zit may appear
it's easy to use and works - what more can i say!
so don't think you're smart if you apply it more
that does nothing for me
this does not do that!
this stuff does not bother me at all
although i wouldn't say it completely frees me from all breakouts
i recommend you try this
it does exactly what is says.
it does the trick every time
this is the only spot treatment i have used that has ever actually done what it is supposed to
all i can say is wow
then i changed to this and it's perfect for me.
she doesn't get any irritation like i did
suppose this would work for everyone except me
can't use it anymore
i will not switch to anything else
i do feel the need to elaborate
that's why i gave it 4 out of 5
you name it i have tried it
this does the job
i wouldn't say it disappears after one day
while my breakouts are not an all-over thing
this will disappoint you
please let me know what that product is when you find out
have not experianced one break out since
so not a "miracle in a tube"
i just know what to buy
don't buy anything i am not sure about
i decided to get it because i had persistent acne that didn't clear up with other products
it wasn't a big deal
i'd reccomend to anyone of any age!
my derm said the only thing to do is wait it out
you feel like you've tried everything then you need this
it's not a miracle worker
i don't think anything ever will
i know everyone wants a quick fix
it does everything what was promissed
this product does wonders!!
or else it wont produce as amazing results
even a decrease in the number is fine by me bc nothing else has worked before
some not it bad that our skin has to go through so many changes probably not the product fault
you will probably have it for a while because you don't need a lot
you shouldn't use a lot
the only word i can think to use to describe this product
this did not make me break out
i would of course pop them-even tho i knew not too
i knew i could not got a day without it
i cannot wait to see what this does to my skin in a weeks time
that's because i really didn't see any major difference in my face when i first tried using it
i feel this is a good product if you use it immediately after you've done some damage
why this isn't a 5 star product
can't wait to see how it works
i felt i didn't have to wear makeup anymore!
does this product get the job done
don't expect crazy results over night
he doesn't tend to notice these things
the product does what it says.
you don't use a lot of it
this does the trick
it's not too bad
you don't need much
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker.
that's the only reason why i gave this product 4 stars instead of 5
i just couldn't make this 5 stars because it's still so early
it does still happen but they actually fade away!
no matter how i dealt with them
i prefer not to wear foundation
this does the trick
i don't regret trying it
do not mix them!
that was the wrong move
the product does exactly what it's supposed to do
it doesn't change things immediately
t may or may not work for your skin type
the smell doesn't bother me at all
luckily, i had no scars anywhere else.
i should also mention that this did not cause me to break out
do not skimp on this!
today my coworkers asked me what i use on my skin
this isn't going to work
you get what you pay for
i dont use it every day yet
that's all i could ask for
although i didn't notice the change because i guess my expectations were high for the money i've spent
this product continues to do it's job well
i shouldn't be getting anymore acne"
i really can't recommend this product enough
can't say enough good things!
i must say this stuff works
does what it claims
it's probably because i can only use it at night.
this product not only helped my skin
overall the only thing i can say is wow!!!
or something like that
don't have the time to use my clairasonic
this did not disappoint at all
it made a great gift when i didn't know what else to get him
i don't know what took me so long
not only did he love it but so did i!
it does exactly what it says it does
it hasn't bothered me yet
didn't seem to be doing much of anything
who probably would have prescribed all sorts of stuff
i would even ask him hey huney did you ues your pads today
he would say yes i did
i would give this to any man and its easy to ues.
these are easy for him to use so there's no complaining
almost can't live without 'em
we were trying on anything
if you can afford it, get it!
i am done trying anything else
the only bad side is that caudalie prices are ridiculous in the us
if you want an even
you really cannot go wrong with it
t does not a job as far as refining your skin
however vit is not bothersome enough to not use it
i can always tell a difference when i don't use it
i can't say enough about caudalie products.
can't go wrong with purchasing them!
all i have to say is wow
i couldn't believe the results after just one night
don't even have to use primer anymore
does not do that
i don't know if there is one bad thing i can say about this cream
adding a drop or two of oil to it doesn't hurt
i'd say this product is not for you
i didn't pay much attention to whether it was working
i've never really known what products mean when they claim they will make your skin brighter
i wasn't using anything else
this product doesn't make me break out at all
not exactly what i would called lightweight
this product does everything that's stated in the description
i figured that's just marketing
i didn't want to be that sucker.
she left behind the things she didn't want
the only thing i have to say is
ladies you have to try this
it does what it says.
you don't get a lot of product for the price
can't see my life without it
this does the trick.
i think it lasts about 2
either one doesn't seem to have the same effect on its own
i do not say this lightly
so far i can't find anything similar product that gives me the smoothness
the only night cream i have used that didn't break me out
doesn't make me break out
don't let the price scare you
it hasn't done anything for my acne scars yet
simply because i can't afford to
can't rest without it!
you do not need to apply a lot
i don't need too much to feel that i have enough on my face
it does wonders for my skin.
believe it or not
i really didn't see any improvements
it does everything that it says it will
could not imagine living without it
it does what i'd hoped theother would do
caudalie has yet to steer me wrong with face products
this product is great as it does what it's supposed to do
i make sure every night to apply this because i know that it works
i don't believe in miracles
i am 50 yrs i look 25 still want to maintain i have tried so many moisturizers
i would say gone
i actually buy a new jar way before i run out because i don't want to ever not have it
she could not stop raving about this line.
you won't find me buying anything else
just wish it wasn't so expensive
i wish the ptr line did a better job telling you how to use their items together
you don't need a lot
it does what it says.
pricey but does what it says.
it does exactly what it promises.
wish it was not so expensive.
i can't say it's done anything significant for my wrinkles
i think i may just have to start mugging people
wish it wasn't so expensive.
if you're like me
has anyone else have that happen?
love it - it's ptr, what more do you need to say?
after trying a bunch of others
not an earthshattering difference
certainly seems to do what it promises
the only thing is that it comes at a pretty penny or else i would have given it 5 stars
which makes the price not so bad
you don't need to put on much so carefulwith the application
i didn't think it was doing anything for me
i don't want to know what it would be like without this soap
this product does wonders for not just acne
i can't be without it!
t is hard to find things that work long term
it does the job
it does the job
decided i must speak out to say that for some people this product is a godsend
i rarely ever break out anymore
get why there is no scent
i love this stuff and will never stop using!
how can you go wrong!
this past december i don't know what happened
found that not only did it clean off everything
everything else doesn't work or it breaks me out.
it might be something others my not like
i can tell a difference in my skin
and let me say that means alot!
i do not have acne issues
don't know how well it works for that
not sure if it's the soap or cause i'm completely stressed out right now
it didn't help much with my back acne
i didn't realize that it came with a holder
while i can't say whether it's working on my back since its hard to the results
doesn't really do much for me once i have a blemish
my acne was something that i did not like about my appearance
i wondered if it would ever clear up.
not every product works for everyone out there
why not try it?
i believe that the box says it too
this did just the trick!
bottom that would always bother me
it works wonder for me on the ones that pop out :
did not irritate my skin at all
so you don't have to worry about that
i gave this review 4 stars because it did seem to work
i won't change ever
it hasn't done wonders yet
i don't worry about it nearly as much as i did before using this product
don't know if i would recommend using it there
didn't clear up my skin as much as i wanted it to
i never understood why
it did what the product's description stated it would do
it's obvious the bar will last a really long time
it doesn't do anything to help the marks already on my back
doesn't break me out.
i won't be experimenting with anything else because this works well for me
you do not need to use too much
it doesn't hurt the skin or for you to feel like if your concerned about breaking out more or not
yes i do like it
it didn't do exactly what i wanted
who cares if it works
this does not irritate it at all
since it has no acid or anything in it
it does not leave any residue
it definitely does not cause any breakouts
thankfully i tried this
you've got nothing to lose by trying it
because that never happened for me
if nothing else has worked for you
i wouldn't have it any other way
with boscia i don't get
i didn't like how it gave me texture
if it didn't do that i would have kept it
probably no one else tbh
'm not losing hope just yet
it's not a deal breaker
only leaving off one star because it's not a miracle product
not to mention how much makeup i wear every single day
nothing works like it
on for about 6 years there's nothing like it
i would recommend this to everyone boscia products don't disappoint
not as much as when i wasn't using this
actually does what it promises
it did not work as well as this
which is why i like it
i rarely get any blemishes anymore
while i wouldn't say it's a wonder product or a miracle worker
i can't go without it
if i run out i do notice a change for the worse in my skin
i can't believe how great this stuff is.
i will not go without it!
though if you have serious acne this might not be for you
ncredibly gentle that i thought it surely could not work
just started thinking about how much it's actually helped me
you don't realize how well it's working until you compare how your skin was to how it is after a few months
i am no longer ashamed to be seem without foundation
it is seriously the only thing that has helped
i like it, but it's nothing too special.
which means i can't use anything on my skin without suffering for it later
but that doesn't happen with this face wash.
i give it 4 stars not 5 stars because of the price
winter months not sure why
i wanted to try it
i hardly break out though
the only reason i'm not giving this 5 stars is because i haven't used it long enough to be 100% sure that this is what's clearing up my skin
i try to do what i can to avoid that happening
i never have any breakouts
i can't even tell i put anything on
while this doesn't have either
it's the only place i break out
i am not using anything else on my face before or after this treatment
i can always tell when i haven't been using it.
the only reason why i give it 4 stars is that it doesn't really help with scaring
it also didn't help with my breakouts any
the best part is that what it has done for my skin has made it so that i don't have to wear as much makeup because i don't have allot to hide anymore
i doubt you'd believe me
what works for me may not work for you.
adding this product to my routine was exactly what i needed
you get what you pay for
only 4 out of 5 because it won't fix your big
i can't tell so far if this will prevent breakouts from occurring
it is not a miracle product
does not leave any film on the face
so far it has not given me any break outs yet
i really can't believe it!
nothing else had worked til this point no matter how much i paid or no matter how many stars it received from reviews
i can overlook that
i couldn't tell a huge difference from using this
i can't say because i didn't use it long enough
he didn't need to tell us
which i rarely do
i didn't realize how badly my skin reacted to drugstore products until using this
nothing else seems to be working for you
i won't use anything else!
i didn't think this was doing much
it wasnt until these unfortunate breakouts that i decided to give the br
i guess my only complaint is the price
they don't come cheap
i didn't think i needed it
decided to start using this again because i wasn't sure what else to do
i can't say enough about this product
i couldn't function without it.
while i don't think i have problem skin
i won't return it because it does work
can't live without it!!
wouldn't say it's an especially good value
have not had any breakouts
it certainly doesn't cause any reaction at all
i do not find this does anything for my redness.
you have to use either a makeup wipe or something else to make sure you get it off
t might just be me
yet this face clenser does the trick
honestly i was not a big fan of clinique until i found this
doesn't make it worse
the only reason i did not give 5 stars is because it does not fully remove makeup
does not cause breakouts
i just wish it was not twenty dollars
it doesn't seem like it really cleans enough to me
she didn't always keep what i needed in stock
i call this cleanser a "miracle" because i've tried so many others
if you will give it a fair trial i think you will too
won't use anything else
as i was afraid things would change
i would regret giving 5 stars
i hope i'm not jinxing myself when i say i've finally
not sure which product i could attri
some people comment about this product doing a poor job of removing eye makeup--it's true
you won't regret it
it is the only product that does not burn my skin know that i am part of the aarp age group
i can't say yet that it has reduced my normal redness
i don't know if i officially have rosacea
this has not happened.
it id very difficult to find product for my face that doesn't cause a breakout
there's no going back
but not to the extent that i wanted too.
but honestly i wish i found this product earlier!
they may not work for you
this product does not do any of those things
do not conflict with any of my foundation
didn't think i would
wanted to see if i could do anything about it without going to see a dermatologist
i will be using this stuff you ever!
although a few products do not work for me
don't know if i can afford it again
does not cause breakouts for me
i've come to the realization that my skin does not like it
i don't normally break out anymore
so not sure which thing was causing the problem
it just didn't work for me because of my issues.
can't recommend it enough!
didn't know what it was
he says his skin doesn't feel irritated anymore
although it is not all gone
can't wait to be able to buy cleanser too see if it works even better together
can't wait to see what his skin looks like in 4 more weeks
did not break me out.
i can definitely notice when i do not use it for a few days
do not plan on switching to anything else
it does seem to help
this actually works unlike the others
this didn't irritate it at all
therefore i thought it would not hurt to find something to help me combat this
i believe it will do two things
i didn't realize how much i love this product until i ran out
i didn't realize just how much this was helping my redness
not greasyi really can't say it's helping with redness
i felt that i didn't notice a change with my redness at all
i don't use anything clinique but this .
i do recommend it
does not affect all of my skin
the cleanser doesn't do much but this is amazing.
i don't go a day without using it
it doesn't really brighten from what i've seen
wasn't sure when i would ever use this cream
i cant sue much on my face
are not as bad as they use to be
i already do not know what i would do without this magical pot
this product actually does what it says it will do
did not cause any break out for me.
it does not make me break out with acne
it doesn't cause it to react which is saying something
i wasn't expecting a miracle with this cream.
i am so glad i didn't
i don't know if i actually have rosacea
i couldn't believe it.
i don't know what is in this formula
this works with most, or it did for me.
can't live without this product.
i think i will use it a bit longer before i say anything definitive
i rarely break out anymore
not even the price can keep me from this stuff
this one actually works
even though i am not that 'mature'
even me in my 50's
works as it says it does
that's all i need to say!
can't say enough good things about this mask!
i actually like it
i want to use it on everyone i know
it seemed like they wouldn't work
i cannot recommend enough!!!!
do not get me wrong, this mask works.
it's the only thing i can think of to compare to
i didn't know what to expect with this mask
it didn't at all
not sure how often one should use it though
not just your h
otherwise i don't regret spending money in this product because it is literally doing something to your skin
didn't see any difference at all
this is the very first time i ever make a review on anything as i don't want to be a marketing tool for any products whether it's good or bad
sorry if it doesn't for somebody else
it's amazing what this mask can do.
so many products out there do not deliver
i don't know if i have the guts to leave this on overnight
this didn't bother me one bit
i wouldn't have believed it if i had not tried it
it does exactly what the product description says
i can't live without it.
i would never go without makeup before because i was too embarrassed
its hard to explain why
"i will never let you go my sweet"
not thinking much of it
i cannot rave about its effects enough
only one i've tried that actually does what it says immediately
you need this in your life so what are you waiting for?
just wish it wasnt so pricey
it's not a miracle product
it's what you need
which i thought was probably my best bet for taking care of flakiness without causing a breakout
i can't wait to keep using this product to see what it does for my skin long term
as the days followed i did not experience any dryness or reaction
did not notice any difference at all to fine linesgreasy textureexpensive
wouldn't reccomend sleeping in it if you do
didn't burn at all
it doesn't bother me in the least.
even lets me put this on him
*not sure why i couldn't achieve 5 â˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†â˜† here on review
cannot recommend this enough.
it didn't sting in the least
i can't wait to see the changes going forward.
i don't mind it
i didn't read it wasn't for sensitive skin
how do i use it?
wanted to know what i was using.
i guess i shouldn't judge a book by its cover.
knew exactly what to recommend to me because
it's honestly something that i enjoy
it wasn't a big deal to me
not if you're trying to find the one
i will say when i do that
a game changer, eveyone should give it a try!
something i don't normally do
see if that helps
everything else is a plus.
i don't know if that was what worked
i don't find that to be true
read that they would do the trick
i truly love this product dearly it's like a can't do my skin care routine type of product
i honestly didn't really have high expectations
i feel i dont need as much
basically they came when i didn't wash off my makeup properly
it is not going to take away certain kinds of skin spots
it seems so ridiculous right!
did you get 8 hours of sleep or something?
so yes, you need to keep using it.
5 drops of when hope is not enough
only wish the bottle or maybe their website would tell us what the percentage of vit
there's no possible way this product can be that good
i could not believe my eyes.
i recommend to everyone that i know that have breakouts
you do not see any benefit to your skin
it's really not all that cumbersome
why don't they just make the spoon the actual amount?
i didn't expect much from this
it does what it says.
i notice a difference in my skin when i am not using it
actually does what it promises
try this what do you have to lose but $36 tax.
i love that i know how much i am contri
yes it's a bit pricey, but it will last forever.
i bet you'll notice the results after not using it for too long
can't wait to see the results
i just have to say two words.
because sometimes you really dont want to put on any makeup
i wouldn't say this product is magical
at least it does not break me out
can make sure that i'm never without this
which i don't want
price is not so bad.
i don't know how else to describe it
as you want without the worry of it going bad
b/c this is one product that i do not want to run out of
you will love it
no matter what cream you add it to
i didn't expect any overnight results either
if you don't like it
now can't live without it
at first i didn't know if it was working or not
this eye cream did what others could not
you don't have to use a lot.
it probably isn't something other's would notice
of course i was not sure if this product would help
it's not something a cream can help with
it is not a miracle for my dark circles
however i do notice some improvement which is proven whenever i stop using it because i think it's not doing anything
does exactly what it says it will do
i would recommend this to anyone with dark circles
i can't say whether it long-term improves the look of my under-eyes
i wouldn't doubt it
didn't work so well on those
after a week or two i didn't notice much of a difference
it does its job because it is so easy to put on
the price is not too bad either because you can use this eye cream for quite a while
if you're like me
i will say this
since i've never seemed to notice a difference in the reduction of dark circles before with anything else i've tried
have never found anything to help
you get what you pay for
i can't get enough of it although i only wear @ night
i can't wait to see how great my eyes will look in a month or two
never ceases to amaze me
because it did that job
cant say enough about this brand or this product.
so you don't waste it
it doesn't last very long
it doesn't take a lot of product
i could instantly tell a difference.
i notice a difference when i don't use this in the morning
you know how little kids don't do anything to their face
or simply don't like feeling anything on your skin
if it makes my skin good enough to not need to use any foundation
t doesn't cause a reaction
i don't know why
i am not crazy about the smell
it doesn't last long anyway
also doesn't break me out
this did not provide enough moisture for my liking
not so much that you can feel it under your makeup
let me tell you
if your doubting this product.
don't, your face will thank you.
doesn't seem to be enough
only moisturiser ive used that didn't break me out or leave me looking like a greasy mess
it doesn't always happen like that
which i'm not complaining about
i don't think it does anything else for my skin
i didn't break out at all
yet not to greasy in summer
not sure how it works for other skin types
not only in my t-zone
does not have a smell
i love this so much that i actually buy this as a gift for friends
i would defiantly recommend this to anyone!
it works so well i'm willing to overlook it
does what it claims.
i've never had to worry about it being too greasy for me
doesn't break me out either
didn't like the results
i've yet to find any moisturizer that's even half as good
from drug store to the ones that claim they'll fix every problem you've ever had with your skin
it also does not cause me to break out.
i find that this doesn't break me out at all
i can tell the difference
so this did not sting for me
because it's the only thing that does the job without breaking me out
which i hate in anything
i honestly could not be more convinced with a product like this bc not only had it only been 1 day
i've come to the conclusion that i neither like or dislike this product
not just sit on it
you get what you pay for
i do not look my age
does not have a smell as someone commented
does not make me break out
i don't think i could see myself spending $75 on it
because the stuff i used to use wasn't cutting it anymore
now i won't use anything else
i've found that hardly any do
i don't think i could ever use a different moisturizer
but one thing i do hate is the smell!!!
it did what it was supposed to do
because i've had so many pricey fails
i didn't bother to read the reviews because not only is everyone's skin so different
blame the product when they don't get it
nothing that would make me stop using it
after' that way i know if i've gotten any benefit from use
i couldn't believe how quickly i noticed the difference in my skin
sometimes to achieve the results you want
it's obvious that you are using something on your face that is making a difference
it doesn't do much for that
i am not sure if it does anything for fine lines or wrinkles because i still have them
i think that is what i like about it most.
as the say "a dab will do ya"
i will say that it is not a product that absorbs the best
otherwise does exactly what the description says it will do
have not had any breakouts
i don't find it to be too intense or anything though
i've yet to find anything out of his line that i dislike
i will say however
that is not why i use it
haven't found anything i like
i never had bad skin
i wish it was airtight.
not just because of the price
it really does what a true moisturizer should unlike many drugstore br
never thought i would use that word for my skin.
that's the only reason i didn't give 5 stars yet
why when that same about is all you need to cover your face
no one knows i'm about to be 45
i can't really see a difference from my former night cream
i don't need foundation at all.
i did not realize how much my face missed this product
if i do get a pimple it doesn't get to the point where they would get a year ago
now you hardly see these lines i wiill never change from this product i love it
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
does anyone know if have to mix up it before you use it?
another product i can't live without.
not with this one
this has not caused any irritation or me to break out at all
i would be the first to tell you if something i tired didn't work
it takes time but it does work.
miracles don't happen overnight
while i can't tell you that it makes me look like i'm 30 again
i can honestly say that in the past 3 years
honestly it does not compare with anything else
it wasn't bad to being with
i can't wait to try other perriconmd products.
this product is true to it's claims.
i can tell the difference when i do
i can tell the difference when i use it right away
i found exactly what i needed in a cleanser that doesn't claim to help either of those issues
i would recommend to anyone
i can't with results like this
i am never ashamed to walk out of my home without my makeup
no can ever guess my age and i love it!
for some reason this wash wont do that on my skin
i always swore i wouldn't pay this sort of price for something to wash my face in
that doesn't bother me
wouldn't use anything else
for all i know
i don't know what is in this cleanser
it's not a big deal when you think about all the benefits
i could literally see the difference
will not use anything in it's place
it's just not as good as perricone
this product does not!
either i didn't feel clean or i was overscrubbed.
i love that it does not burn my eyes if i have to open them for whatever reason
you won't need it.
i must say i only tried this on a whim.
oh - and no break outs from this either.
you don't need even a whole pump
decided to try something else
cannot say enough good things
i never wnat to use anything else!
this is the first cleanser i actually want to use
just wish it didn't cost so much!
is not harsh at all
i feel it's not a bad investment
you will love it!
i don't think you will be sorry
i intend on doing whatever i can to have it looking the best it can
i can't wait to try more of perricone's other products
i wish it didn't come in a glass bottle
it's doing just that
i tried it anyway
honestly if this one does it's so mild i can't tell
plus my dogs would notice if it did haha.
if not rich, don't know how special this is.
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
it did not affect the acne that i had at the time
not only did i gain clear
please dont ever take this away from us!!!
makes me think i could do without going under the knife
just do not try to mess with it after applying
i can't wait to see what my eyes will look like in a couple of weeks
it really doesn't help to use a lot of it anyway.
not because it isn't good
while it doesn't perform miracles
i do believe it makes a difference
it's not a problem for me
i won't even try anything else.
all i can say is wow
i can tell a difference when i do or don't use the product
can't do without it now
not really sure if it does what it claims to do
i personally could not tell much difference
does exactly what it says it will do
i simply can not be without this product.
i didn't say it will make your eyes like when we were 18
i am 46 and most people guess about 35.
i dont ask, they ask me.
does not do miracles
after pics so you can see the difference
did nothing at all for me
hope it works for you as well as it did for me
wish i could say the same about smile lines :
it doesn't take much product either.
i do see a change there.
this one actually works
neither of those things matter at all
it did not irritate
while it does not eliminate wrikles
i like the fact that it does it all!
it's the only one i need.
but don't take my word for it.
i love that it doesn't have any added fragrance.
the worst was that they did nothing or even aggravated it
no one would notice
it probably won't work for everyone
it's no big deal for me
i actually would recommend
only complaint is that it doesn't sud enough
can't use anything else now
i do wish the bottle wasn't glass though.
it is not harsh
try it; you won't regret it.
one thing i think they could work on is the smell
don't mind in the end since it actually works
you only get one face why not take care of it
it's not even that bad
it does exactly what it says it will do!!!
it does just that.
i give 4 because i do not like it's smell.
how can it do anything if it doesn't sit on your face long enough?
or should i say
i can't believe i waited so long to try this product
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
what it's doing for my skin
this doesn't do that
it was not that bad to begin
would recommend them to anyone
it just cannot get the job done
this one actually delivers what is promised
not sure what it's called as they have changed names
i wasn't sure what i was going to get here.
does what perricone says it does.
it is the only one i have used that really does what it's supposed to
cannot say this was in that catagory
it just doesn't wow me
i can't speak to effectiveness on dark circles as i don't have a big problem with those
in fact, there is no scent what so ever.
i think those who do not like it probably do not need it
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
i did only give it 4 stars because i'm not quite sure yet if it's worth the money
this one does not
i just love this and will not be without it!
with these results will sacrifice something else
i just have not noticed that much of an improvement in my skin for the price -- my face seems the same as it was with the peter thomas roth product i was using
you really do see almost immediate results.
i dont think it improved my complextion enough to warrent the cost
can't live without this product.
wouldn't be without it
i think i will stick to this one.
no switch to anything else.
people can't even believe i'm over 25
i don't know how well this will work only 2-3 times a week
those products either did not perform or i did not like the consistency/texture of the product
i don't regret it a bit!
i don't know why nobody ever thought of this before
so my suggestion is try it
that's not the way it works
you didn't age overnight
so that's saying something
this product does the trick
it was clear after my test that although i feel the ovm gives it's own benefits
believe it's helped there also with fine lines
don't ever want to be without it!
i honestly love this along with ovm by perricone.
i cannot recommend this enough for those over 40.
wasn't sure what it was doing or not doing
not only does it save on product
news flash: you don't have any results to notice because there are no fine lines
it does what it claims to
i heard a lot of people complain about the pump
all perricone products do what they promise !!!
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
i did not expect this kind of immediate
you won't regret it
this is one perricone product that i wonâ€™t do without
i've yet to try anything by perricone that wasn't anything less than great
i find that anyone who is unhappy with his products aren't using them in t
you won't go without it
if i don't use for awhile i can tell a big difference
i don't break out anymore
don't even have to use foundation anymore
don't get me wrong
i realized i was using the wrong type of cleanser
just can't get enough of it
it does exactly what i'd expect a cleanser to do- my skin is left feeling smooth
can't say it did anything positive or negative for breakouts
not bad at all-
or should i say
i can't get enough of it.
but this one doesn't.
i would say i have combination skin.
it did its job
i believe what when we use something for such a long time
begin using something else
i did not expect anything drastic from this product right away because i wanted to give it some time for my skin to adjust to it
i gave it 4stars not 5 only because it's kinda pricey
i can't wait to use it day after day.
not sure what caused it
wanting to try something else from ole henricksen
i want to say i love this
i didn't really think it could be helped
i figured it smelled so amazing what did i have to worry about?
i like it, not love.
my skin wasn't feeling the same without it
i decided to try it anyway
when i saw the price of the full size i didn't love it so much anymore :/
can't say if it does much for acne
i couldn't live without this now.
'm not sure if it would remove makeup with wash
that wasn't a requirement for me
didn't break me out.
it's not much of a deal when you don't like all the products
you don't need much
will not use anything else.
not sure how deep it goes
where do i find it???
i refuse to use anything else
not love for me
can't say enough good hingis about this moisturizer
also, it does not cause breakouts.
i know cleanser isn't really on long enough to to be considered a treatment
i wish it came in a smaller size i just can't spend the money on a cleanser even though i know its worth it
i recommend this product to everyone i know.
i can't afford it any more
i wanted to review it here
once you've experienced the results it's impossible to use anything else
i can't live without it
i think it's okay
this did the trick like nothing else without breaking me out
its expensive but let me tell you what.
it did the trick
this literally never happens
only wish it was not so pricey
so not in my budget
that's my only complaint
won't use anything else
(sorry, i know you're only asking me about ren.)
no matter what types of insane blizzards come my way
simply does what it says it does
people who know me know that i don't such praise to just anything
let me tell you
alas, i found what works for me!
sure enough it did
does not make me break out.
there is something in it for any
the only thing i wish is that there was more in the tube
i wanted to get something simple for summer
when i don't use it
it is so light that i do not even notice it.
i recommend this to anyone :
if i want to do a full face i skip this product
this did not disappoint
they didn't have that line in the store anymore
to be honest at first i didn't like it
i just wish they had spf in it since it's a day cream
it does not make me greasy
i dont use anything else.
it didn't cause me to break out not even once since i started using it
i can't speak to any long term effects
i can't think of a single negative thing about it
the other reason i like ren product's is because they don't test on animals
i've tried everything you could think of.
this product is so light i don't know it is on
you know it's gold
i didn't have to this year because i started using this product
did not have all the benefits
this product did not work out for me because i am prone to eczema
needless to say this product was just not suited for my skin type
i do not need age- fighting
i probably need to get something else from ren for the winter months
this product does exactly what it says it does
trust me- i have tried all of them
i can't afford both right now
i could not recommend more!
if you give it some time to sink in this works wonders
while i didn't hate any of them
i didn't see any real results
ask if he could do one too
this stuff never seems to cause a bad reaction
did not break me out
i guess if you don't like "aveda" type of fragrances
then you might not like it?
there's no way i'm going to go without
it has to be this since it's the only thing i have changed
i don't know what i would do without it
i didn't have high expectations
i actually do like it
finally something thats not chemical based
didn't bring thing stuff with me
this did not break me out
i can't live without it
this one was the only one that didn't cause burning
i only give 4 stars because there is no spf
doesn't do what it says
doesn't last all that long
i don't think it's good enough to make up for the money
i don't like how it feels when first applied
also doesn't make my skin go crazy
it doesn't interfere with either
is enough to make me want it
no spfi don't think ill purchase again because theres no spf
always have people asking they type of moisturizer i use
this just didn't cut it
i wish it had some spf though.
it's so good i don't want to try anything else.
did not burn or cause me to have any type of reaction
if you want to call it a scent
cleansing water or the eye cream yet b/c i wanted to know what was doing what to my skin as i was advised to do by the ba's
then go from there giving each a/b 2/3 day's to see what's what
well that's not the case with this product
the name of this product doesn't lie
it's pricey but you get what you pay for.
i can guarantee you that
i never have anymore dry spots because of this
i cannot even explain what it does to my face.
that's not the case with this one
but it certainly is not.
but for some reason did not return it.
at least i don't think so
though if you live in a humid climate it might not be enough
i did not notice that this caused me to break out
t is not that much of an issue
as you might imagine
i didn't find the smell to be bad
this does all the work.
i wouldn't necessarily say that this has a "mattifying" effect
i will never use anything else
i will never use anything else.
no matter what i do, it's always there.
anyone who has ever dealt with oil knows how frustrating it can be when either a product says it controls oil
it doesn't necessarily say it's for acne
it doesn't get hard
go on, you know you want it....
it didn't have one negative reaction to this product so long as i got all of it off
i didn't really notice a difference
didn't expect this product to be so good
the texture of the mask is not at all what you would expect
cant wait to use it and yes i did.
i know its bad
i just decided that i cant go without it anymore.
as i didn't see any difference
its not going to do the trick if you are looking to hydrate
i couldn't believe it.
i will not lie
couldn't wait to try it out
if you want something that does what it says
since he wasn't going to use it
he doesn't use 'that makeup stuff' even if it is for men
you can tell the difference right away.
doesn't mean only guys can use it
the kind of results you can get from it
you probably won't like the smell of this
i can't say enough great things about this product
it's not that bad people
thats not a dealbreaker for me
didn't like it either
so make sure you buy this one and not the other!
decided i didn't like it
does everything it claims to do!
that's when i use it anyway
certainly not worth any more than half of what they're asking
i typically don't review products that i do not absolutely love
so for me to write a review means this is a product i can't not have in my kit/skin care regimen
didnt find that it did much for me
honestly wish i started using this a long time ago
not only do i notice a visual difference when i run out of it
the only reason i've not sprung for a full-size is that i can't afford it
don't know about long term effects
it's been a long time since i actually loved a product-
doesn't cause me to break out
yet does not cause me to break out
it doesn't make any bad result
yes it's pricy but it works wonders!
i am not sure why some people think this is "greasy"
not terribly so except in winter
i can not even use the clarisonic
i only wish it wasn't so expensive.
you don't even notice it
i didn't need to use very much
can't say enough great things about this product.
i never thought i would want to spend so much money on that type of cream
does't make me break out.
didn't seem to bother me after about 3 uses
i think i may save a few dollars on something else
you get what you pay for
i will not use anything else.
i don't need it2).
i know it's "age-delay"
i decided to give it a try anyway
i can't comment yet on the anti-aging claims.
this may seem hard to believe
i got this as a 500 point bonus, so glad i did!
this does the trick
if i could afford it
i can break out at times-- this mask does not cause me to break out
i can't bring myself to spend nearly $100 on any kind of mask
-1 star because i'm not the 1%
the first time i used it i felt like it didn't do much for me
either way, this is my god-send.
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars was because of the high cost
i wasn't sure what i would think with an oil cleanser
this does work for me
like some other reviewers mentioned they're not exactly "lasting results"
'm not sure i can justify the price
this isn't a must have
not a miracle worker or something you should go out of your way for
to be honest it doesn't do a lot
it does exactly what is says it does
a little upset i love it so much because it's kind of out of my budget
does give me some ï¼ˆsubtle
it's safe to use everyday if you wanted
although i can't afford to do that
i don't know if it will help my skin look better because i have just use it once
pay the $112 because it's just that good
i hate to say this
this didn't irritate it
i could not tell enough how my skin feel after i use this product
i wouldn't buy this otherwise b/c where i live it's normally never that hot
didn't break me out
not anymore after seeing the heavy price tag
i tried it, without knowing anything about it.
i wanted to buy this because i love this product
asking how i did my makeup
i didn't notice any crazy
it's great but it's not a miracle.
didn't notice the effect of that
if only i could afford it
needless to say, not in my cart.
i wasn't expecting much
i really didn't have you use very much at all
let me tell you
if money is no matter to you
i love everything about this mask except for the price
can't justify spending $92 on one jar of anything
this one doesn't disappoint
did not break out :
now what i know what it's like to have soft
honestly it should probably only get 3 stars
i just don't think i could pay this for a mask
it's just too much to ask
she didn't like it
if you didn't see results i suggest wearing it overnight
you can follow the instructions or do as i did
i can honestly say that no other mask i have used makes skin feel like it does with this mask
others you can find many that do the same thing
i wouldn't let the price scare you off if you find this mask works for you
don't want your face to show it- for example
it doesn't work miracles
it does what it claims
no matter what i did they were always there
it doesn't bother me at all.
the only bad thing is the price
beyond that it doesn't really do much else
which is why the price is just not justifiable for me
there's nothing to dislike about it.
it's not too overwhelming
i really cannot praise this product enough!
it never fails to remove all my makeup.
i can't even begin to express how much i love this cleanser
does exactly what its supposed to: cleans skin well
you don't have to use a lot
sometimes the best thing you can do for acne is not do anything or using chemicals
you don't have to use a lot
i regret it every time
i actually did not expect it to be so creamy
no prescription could do what this cleanser does
i really would reccomend this to anyone.
wish they made a body wash like it!
doesn't leave that 'tight' feeling
even when i think it's done
i don't know why it just doesn't run out.
i can't live without it now.
in fact i don't even need to pump it all the way down
don't think i will ever buy anything else
i can't say enough good things about this cleanser
i didn't about this product
i won't use anything else
i would recomend it to anyone!
not sure what product you used
is isn't this one
ddd henny let me tell you
i honestly will continue to buy it
some of you know what i mean
but this stuff is the answer.
i can't speak for waterproof.. i do not wear it.
i would not change it for nothing
after use my skin not only feels
only use small amt., it doesn't take much .
wow did this make a difference!
that may not happen with other people
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it drys my skin out a tad
this doesn't break me out
i can say that i love it
i never have breakouts anymore
can't remember the name
find that's the only downside -however it didn't irritate my skin at all ie
you'd agree it's not expensive
there's not too much to say about this face wash
why fix what ain't broke?
this cleanser does exactly what it says
i'll never use anything else!
it says exactly what it does from creme to foam.
you only need about a 1/4 of a dime
i almost want to say that it calms my skin.
i love that this product doesn't overdry
not heavenly or anything but definitely not bad.
i can say that it works
i can't believe how this cleared that up
don't get me wrong
i usually want to buy 2
either way i still love it!
doesn't breaking me out
i find that it doesn't get my face as clean as i want
doesn't leave any kind of film
amazingly, it does exactly what it claims.
i actually had no idea what it was supposed to be used for
i probably wouldn't purchase this product again because i really don't have a need for it
it does the job.
you can use the second pad but not necessarily.
the only thing i don't like
there is no anything like this out there
i could not find
im never gonna buy anything else to remove my makeup this one is a keeper i love it is the best love it love it
the sales reps tell me that the formula didn't really change
i do wash with a cleanser afterwards because i don't think it's enough to use alone
do not want to try anything else
you will love it.
from someone who has few to no holy grail items i can't live without
i hardly ever get pimples anymore
i wish i had found this stuff sooner!!!
this saved me when nothing else could
i can't live without this product!
i couldn't justify the price for something that wouldn't work
wasn't too sure about it
wouldn't recommend it under makeup or anything
my only problem with this product is it doesn't really absorb well
i think you will too .
which i really appreciate because i can't st
i decided to buy this one since the fasali didn't work really well on me
you can never go wrong with argan oil.
it doesn't do anything
i didn't replace it
im sure i would love it even more
miracles do happen and they're in this bottle.
bangs so this is something i would recommend for night time use
nothing works like this
it doesn't do much else
it never fails to impress.
so you'd think i would steer away from any type of oil
boy did it change everything
this oil did not make me break out nor did it irritate my very sensitive skin
cannot say enough good things about this product.
anyway it does make me break out
doesn't break me out
i wish i could afford to use it in my hair every day
i can't live without this stuff!!!
do not want this oil to touch them
there's no going back
if you can't commit to the $16 mini bottle
this product believe or not
anywhere else i experience dryness
honestly just a drop for each does the job
'm not actually sure that either of these are truly pure
not anymore with this product
this didn't make me break out
i could not askfor anything else.
i wanted something heavy enough tof feel as if it's making a difference
it's not the same as josie maran's so do not let the cost dismay you from getting this one
it's not like this one at all
my other one is not like this
can't be bothered with cheaper if it doesn't work
sometimes, you do get what you pay for.
i am not bothering no more with mosturizering creams
not only did i notice a difference overnight
i could not recommend this enough.
i cannot live without this in my life even though it's so darn pricey
when my friend recommended this i was skeptical- i did not think an oil would hydrate my skin
so i would say it works for all types of skin.
it's so amazing on just one use
t did not cause my skin to break out
but not this one.
why didn't i use this sooner.
it works and does everything it says.
please don't stop making this.
i hardly have them
no matter what i put on it
it's the only thing i use on my face at night
i can't tell you how much i am in love with this stuff
everything i have tried does not work like it says it should
if you don't believe me
buy it if you're a guy that wants to take care of your skin
doesn't want to spend too much
my face didn't mind this
i can't say it gave me this outst
i would say within 4 weeks you will totally notice a difference
this product does wonders.
i would recommend this to anyone
i can't even explain how great this product feels going on
i can see how people thought it didn't do much because it doesn't feel like anything
if you can afford it- you'll love it
let me just say
i cannot live without this stuff now
the only thing i dont like is the scent
i believe i have with this one.
this product doesn't last very long
i just couldn't seem to find a product that would provide enough moisture
this does the trick
i never knew my skin needed this!
i don't want to ever be without viz 1000.
when you find something that works
i think they're right!
and i did see results!
i did see results
nothing would help it out
on the nights i dare to skip it
i can tell the difference
didnt make me break out or anything
i can't say enough of this product.
of course we cant get that
i like that this goes on clear
i didn't want to switch moisturizer's because i really do love what i am using now
does not correct your problem
did not cause any breakouts
i do not use another moisturizer this is it
i can tell the minute i do not use this.
i could tell a difference right away
i can't go without it
i notice the hydration of my skin is not as good when i dont use it
no matter what i used
have not had any breakouts
this product did nothing for fine lines
not exactly sure what it does
none of them can do the same
can honestly say that i was skeptical about spending money on anoher beauty product
i could see a difference in my skin not using it
i do not have any reactions
this product does wonders
as not meant to be that
i cannot recommend this product enough.
people don't believe that i'm 35
that's not the case anymore
as a new clinique customer who has never tried any of their other products before i can definitely say whatever they're doing now works for me
this is the only product i've found that doesn't cause me to break out
i wasn't sure if i would because of the smell
doesn't make me break out
this product doesn't seem to make it worse
this moisturizer is either perfect or not enough for me
what else could i ask for?
i didn't like the smell
that's the only negative thing i can think of
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
i may consider switching to something else in the summertime
does not break me out
it is one of the only ones that does not break me out
it does not make my face breakout
it didn't cause me to breakout
i can't complain too much since it's august
it never fails me
does not leave me oil-free for the whole day
decided it's perfect so why change
which i think is gonna happen regardless with any spf lotion
it doesn't make me break out
but it did work to some extent.
this did not aggravate it at all
i don't think i would use that in summer
i say if you're thinking about it ask for a sample
i did with this one
didn't sink in at all
let me tell you that i'm glad i did because i have the most greasiest skin ever that easily breaks out
doesn't cause break-outs, though.
i wouldn't say that this has helped with my acne
it didn't make it worse either
i did not give it 5 stars because it is a bit lacking in moisture
doesn't make me break out
this has not caused any problems for me
that i do not break out
this is just another product proving exactly that
it does what it says
it doesn't last long as it says
you won't be sorry that you did.
the only thing i would change
its not enough to make me want to stop using it
it actually makes my face, dare i say, dewey.
as an added bonus there doesn't appear to be anything in here that makes my skin angry
i love this stuff, i'll never use anything else.
this one i did not react to
you can't have everything
wonder why i bother trying any others
not only that, but my husband loves it too.
i cannot say enough good things about this product
the only problem is it does not seem water proof
didn't break me out
i like that it does not have a fragrance
it doesn't bother me so much
i am not sure how to describe it
doesn't break me out
this does the job.
once you use this moisturizer everything else disappoints
this is the first product that doesn't do that
it doesn't stay that way
that doesn't last long
do not get it in your eyes.
but not to the point that it bothers my skin.
i don't break out in this
i didn't know what to do
i don't have a lot of money.
every time i try something else
i swear even after just a few uses i can tell a difference in how my skin feels
my face did not enjoy the change
or just wear it alone if i am not doing much that day
you are not getting enough protection
you do not need much
t doesn't clash with anything else that you may put on
this one definitely does not
unfortunately that's what i have
couldn't ask for more.
it doesn't feel that way on the face
i love it i don't look for new moisturizers anymore this is the one i am going to be using for along time
it is not true
didn't make me break out
dont usually believe those stuff
it does get aborbed though
if you buy it from sephora you know that you could always return it no questions asked
the ma at sephora insisted it didn't have any fragrance at all
the only things i would like is if there was a spf 50 version
the spf 25 is what i wear anyway
i will never use anything else.
i would recommend it to others it's great product
this moisturiser did the trick to sort it out
i don't see why i will ever replace it.
it does just that
honestly it doesn't bother me at all
yet does not strip the skin at all
this did not happen with this product at all.
the bottle isn't as big as i thought it would be
i don't mind it now
the only thing i don't like about it though is that the bottle leaks from the cap
what i don't like is the smell.
cannot check if it's just my bottle or if this is indeed how it is supposed to smell
don't let it deter you
didn't feel like it was stripped after
if the pumo does not work
it's not done yet
i know that's not what this product was intended to do
i can't argue with the evidence
i can't decide if i should replace my bliss with this
i did not have acne in my teens
it dosn't seem to do wonders either
when i didn't use it
i do this because it doesn't matter if it is little bit greasy looking when going to bed
t has nothing in it that can irritate or breakout your skin
they just werent working
even though it's not officially mattifying
not only it is an amazing treat every morning
yes i put it on at night too
before you know it
!i cannot ask for more.
you won't be sorry
it does not make my combonation skin break out
you won't be sorry.
this did the try
i didn't break out using this
does not give me acne
wish sephora didn't pull it from the stores too.
it does the job
does not leave me "greasy" what so ever
do not expect a matte finish
even though it's a day moisterizer
let's just say i would pay double the price because it's that effective
what more can i say?
don't hesitate just buy it now.
you won't regret it.
isn't working so much at all anymore
i can't tell you how much i love this hand cream!
you won't regret it!
if i didn't like it
there was nothing to lose
this one actually didn't feel like anything going on
plus everything it says it will do
i can't tell you how many eye creams i have bought over the years
haven't had any issues there either
i didn't notice anything for dark circles
you don't need to use a lot.
didn't amaze with results either
i am not sure it does everything it claims to do
as you can imagine
time will tell what it does for circles
i am not sure if there are any improvements
it seems like the line is not that visible anymore
it was stressing me out because i normally do not wear makeup
are you kidding me?
i did not like this to start with
no matter what i did
you will love it!
with this product i don't even wear any primer anymore
i can't use primers because they always break me out
it doesn't break me out
idk how murad did that.
if you're like me
it doesn't bother me
when you're at work
can't believe it took this long to find a product that actually works for me
i don't even care if it makes me break out a little
does just what it says.
if it doesn't work
it does enough for someone like me who has been searching for something even remotely on this level
i wish i could use less
it's like no other product i ever tried.
i can't say it's changed my skin in a drastic way
now when i say matte i mean i'm not an oil spill.
the smell is why i give a 4/5 stars
it's the only one i use now
i love that it doesn't cause me to break out
i wasn't seeing results
definitely worth the money bc you don't have to worry about other mattifying products
this not only helps me control oil
that's because of my own body not the product itself
i legitimately do not have to blot my face at all
thought nothing would ever help
didn't hesitate to buy it
i can't tell you how much i love this mattifier.
seriously just try it.
i can't live without this product!
it does not stop it.
i can honestly say this makes my skin look normal
did i mention i have acne.
could never really find anything to help control the oil
one time it simply just did not control oil for me at all
otherwise i love it.
feel it's the only one out there that my face doesn't break out with
i know it doesn't say it's a primer
what i do like is that it has an spf
does exactly what it says.
it doesn't work for 8 hours like it says
i don't know how many bottles of this stuff i've gone through
it does not cause breakouts
even if they say "matte"
doesn't run all over the place
there's never any winning.
don't need to go crazy with it
it does what it says it will do.
that didn't last that long
honestly it did not control the oil as much as the murad oil-control mattifier
thought this wasn't doing much for the price
the formula just isn't that
i say for anyone on the fence, give it a try!
i know use it as my primer
whether or not that's a legit fact i'm not sure
i never see acne anymore- not even during 'that time of the month"
would recommend it to everyone
now that i found this i can't imagine going to anything else
didn't really notice a smell.
i only gave 4 stars because i wish this could somehow be a pump where i didn't have to open
this hasn't bothered my skin at all
i would probably use it anyway just for the scent
can't imagine anything better.
this does all in one
my only complaint is it doesn't get all the makeup off in the go-around
it does not cure rosacea, but does a good job.
my ance wasn't under control anymore.
this product is everything you could want in a cleanser
but this stuff did.
i honestly do not like it
this does not break me out
i did not see any miraculous difference between using this product
you do have to use something after this cleanser though
this seems to do the trick.
i just wanted to reiterate the fact that this stuff lasts forever
didn't notice a difference clearing wise
to clear my acne i had to use something else
tried it and now i cant live without it.
love it, will not go without.
what can i say about this product except that it works
you will not regret trying this cleanser.
you won't regret this product!!
i recommend it to everyone.
does not break me out
what more can i ask for?
not in the bad way
this product did not give me any problems
you don't need much to get the job done.
it never ceases to amaze me how far this product goes
now i don't want to use anything else
does what the product description says.
you don't need much to get the job done
i never know when a product is going to irritate my skin
i recommend this to anyone.
i love this and would recommend to everyone!
i don't know how
none have done the trick like this one
that's how much i love it
i don't do that
one thing i didn't like about this product is the smell
been using it for years and i can't stop!
it doesn't break me out
it doesn't break me out
this doesn't break me out
so how bad could it be?
can't say how effective it is with that
it's too early to tell
perhaps i have not used this product long enough
i really didn't expect the results that i got
it's definitely a do not remove budget line item forever
i don't suggest this product
i like it over all.
in the mean time
you wouldn't be able to tell
can't honestly say if it dimishes wrinkles or not
i break out quite easily even if a product says it won't cause breakouts
does what it is supposed to do
yes i do actually think i can see a difference in fine lines around my mouth
i am in my 40's and i can tell the difference.
i still didn't put 2
this could be a coinsidense or it just isn't right for my skin
it is exactly what you would expect from lancome
not the price unfortunately
i went in on this knowing it wouldn't get rid of them
i recommend it to everyone.
the description does exactly what it says
you do have to see it to believe it
didn't think it would work
didn't see any results yet
i couldn't see a difference
they can't even believe i am 27 years old.
i gotta say this by far exceeded my expectations
i just read them like crazy before i buy
the recipe didn't change or something
this one never fails
i can't/won't live without this product.
this product does what it says it will do.
i can actually see the results
i didn't like the treatment for the under-eye area
i can't believe it.
let me tell you
i can't afford to go buy this every single month
i don't think you get much product
i say go for it
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
just not how it separated
can't live without this product.
i don't know that this particular product is making a huge difference
i'd rather not see what happens if i don't use it
i don't have fine lines yet
i did notice a difference
i think the best way to judge is maybe do a before
since i recently started using this product i can't say for certain it lives up to it's claim
not only does it go on light
it doesn't go back on.
i don't see a difference yet
if so, why and which product ?
moisurizes the eye area like nothing else
don't over-do it.
you won't regret it!
do not let the price of this product stop you if you think you need it
i wouldn't recommend it
i find that i can't use it more than 3x/week
i don't like to spend a ton on this sort of thing
im not making this up!
i like that it isn't harsh at all
not to mention spending a lot of money for no results
i can't wait to see what my skin is going to look like in 6 months
so i tried this one.
to me that means it's working
remember not to mix retinols with aha's!
wish it cost less, but you get what you pay for!
it did what it was supposed to.
i didn't have insurance
can't claim this solved my problems
don't know if that is related or not.
which i knew this would not fix
didn't have a problem with this product
i know some may think its pricey
can't wait to try the rest of this line.
my breakouts are not gone
i could not believe the amount of skin that came off
it was not so bad that makeup
do not get this near your eyes!!!
it does what it says
that's enough make up for me
i could tell a difference in my skin after just one use
believe it or not
so far i have not had any kind of bad reaction.
you will not regret the investment in your skin.
my pores...all i have to say is wow!
i didn't expect a miracle cream either
i never thought a product could do everything the sales person told me it would
it isn't often that what is advertised actually does happen
i don't know what strength
i can't use it every night yet
i love what it does to my skin
which is why i wanted this product
it does do what it says
it is not a bad deal
usually i do not put much stock in what i read
i still can't believe i dropped $80 on any beauty product
i would recommed this to anyone
i saw not much difference.
so cant tell about results
not using anything else for that evening
didn't like the side effects
i personally do about 1
you won't regret it in the morning
do not over do it!
didn't anticipate any issues
i figured i could use it every day because you use such a tiny bit
my only thing is that i don't underst
i just cannot tolerate it every night.
it does not cause any irritation
i didn't have perfect skin before
i hardly get any large breakouts anymore.
it just didn't last that long
this just wasn't enough time for me to justify the high price
i must say i like it a lot.
this isn't for you
i would give this 5 stars, but i hate the price!
it's hard to tell if there's still something in there or not
i like to know when i'm about to run out
it doesn't wow me
so bummed that it didn't work for me
do not make my face greasy what so ever
not rich enough for night time
can't do without this.
it gives you the right amount it didn't brake me out
i didn't use it for 3 months
the only thing i don't like is the container
does anyone else notice it smells
i really hope they didnt change anything bc this is my miracle moisturizer
you don't need a lot so the price point doesn't bother me
i honestly can't recommend this enough.
it doesn't break me out.
it does not sit on top of the skin
i cannot say enough about it
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that it comes in a huge jar
that just seems absurd to me when you can recycle just about everything else
it's not quite enough in the winter months
i does not make me break out
didn't break me out
i think that means it's working.
can't say enough good things about it.
which i never do
that stuff does nothing
sort of mad i wasted money on it, actually.
i cannot say enough about these products.
does not make me break out
wanted to add that the one thing about this product that is really annoying is that it doesn't last long
except for winter when its not enough
does not break me out.
does not make me break out
i don't regret the purchase at all.
at first i wasn't sure that i would like this so much
need the moisture i have used so many products that do not give me what i need
it does not break me out
this didn't cause me to break out.
when i say light, i mean very light.
this stuff is simply amaaazing.
this did the job
that's why i like it
for whatever reason i cannot remember
i urge you to try!
kind of gross when you think about it
may yet wind up buying the full-size if i can't find anything i like more
it did not irritate my skin
did not break me out
it does not come off
even that does not "hurt" my skin
i do believe it shouldn't cause irritation
won't use anything else on my sensitive face.
this product does not irritate my face at all
it does exactly what it says
i should try their products i was like i don't have anything to lose
you are going to breakout the first week don't worry
this cleanser did not disappoint
not to mention your skin
i can already tell that i don't break out as much as i did
this is the only one that does the trick for me
you might want to give this one a try
did not leave residue
didn't really do anything special for me
nothing else i've used compares
i am not kidding!
all kate's products do what they say
this does not dissapoint
this product does wonders for me
it's not spectacular, but i do like it!
even when i do they're really small.
i do break out a little when i don't use it consistently
it's doesn't do anything for my skin
they don't stick around long
i cannot say it will clear your acne
everyone asks what i use
i can't say enough good things about it
if you're not careful
knew that my skin does that
i would definitely recommend it to anyone.
but this does the job.
not only did it clear up my breakouts
so far, i think it's a winner.
my acne was not bad but just consistently there.
not only did my skin look bad
i can't begin to tell you how much my skin has cleared up
i know without it
i needed something that would not only clear my skin
did not have to deal with acne
when i cannot get anything else out
i don't have many
at first i didn't like the gel consistency of it
my acne isn't gone yet
this did not disappoint
i did not break out horribly as i did before
if you want clear
kick me if i'm wrong but i promise you, i'm not.
i literally miss it if i use something else for a night
it does make a difference for my skin.
this product does exactly what it claims to do- stabilizes oil
nothing else had helped
didn't help with the breakouts
actually does what it promises
i can't go a day without it
i cannot get enough of it
even people who wouldn't notice something like my skin being clear
i felt like there was nothing i could do to control it
let's not talk about it.
i didn't give it 5 stars because it is pricey
i didn't immediately re-up as i didn't feel as if it did enough to justify the price
i wasn't sure about it
i do not like the twist top as i feel i am wasting product that sticks to the cap
otherwise i really like it
thought you'd want to know
i cant think of any negatives that i could share!
dont know how many tubes of it i used.
it doesn't break me out
works exactly as it says it will!
i don't like the smell that much
sister's could see the difference without me telling them about it
find what works for you
i definitely recommend this product to anyone who doesn't have a serious acne problem
can't say enough good things about the ks line.
didn't have a sephora around me
all i have to say is i'll never use another product other than kate somerville
i kept it anyway
it was actually empty so there was no waste
i just wanted to mention this because i know for the price it could be concerning
it does not make me break out
however it is impossible to tell when you are running out
it doesn't make me break out
the only thing i don't like about it is the jar itself
you can't really see how much product you have left
i honestly do not notice a bad smell.
i will not spend money on a cheaper product if it doesn't work for me
to be honest it doesn't really have a smell at all
really didn't want to love this moisturizer due to the price point
didn't want to irritate it
it doesn't make me breakout
this moisturizer does what it says it does!
i don't even know it's on my skin
at first i didn't really like it
i can't believe i didn't like this
if you can afford it then yes i recommend it
it did not irritate nor break out my skin
this doesn't break me out.
the one complaint is that it doesn't come with a lot of product inside
i don't use anything else
not only does it not make me break out
you will not regret the purchase
i wanted something without oil
i know not all products work for everyone
it doesn't bother that much.
so don't expect that
hence from going bad
it still didn't do much
controls my face oil like nothing else
i notice that when i use it
think it's ridiculous to pay that much for the amount you get
i can't wait to try other products from this br
does not cause breakouts
it did not work for her
it does everything it claims to do
this did not cause any issues
the main thing i did not like was that it did not last very long
i did think it was strange there was no spf
t's not an issue for me
i am not too crazy about the smell or the price tag on the product
because it's crazy impossible to find something you really like sometimes
not irritate skin that i had honestly stopped using moisturizer during the day
i know not everything works for everyone
i only wish it was not so expensive.
it is not cheap
the only thing is i wish it had spf protection.
the scent didn't bother me at all
my skin didn't go crazy as is my fear when trying out new products
not a big fan for leaving reviews
yes it is pricey
it doesn't make me break out
even though it didn't absolutely need it
i think it did control oil on my face
for now it does not cause any acne.
just wish it wasn't so pricey
i don't have a problem with smell it's not the best smell ever
i just can't give it up
there aren't enough good things i can say about this moisturizer
other than that it's been amazing!
can't live with out it
i do not usually review products
even those i love
so you know it works
i would not recommend
this one actually works
honestly i never have this issue because my skin is so oily
are you kidding me?
don't see myself living without this
it's never a little breakout
this product does exactly what it claims to do
unlike some other reviewers i did not find it drying
"what happened to your face?"
i didn't even want anyone to look at my face it was horrible with or without makeup
it seriously works wonders!
so that is why i gave it 4 out of 5 stars
if you were unsure about buying this product then let me say you will absolutely not regret getting it
get this if you've tried everything else like i have
that's why i stopped using them
wowowowowowowowow i did not even have to wait weeks to see results
this doesn't trigger anything bad for me
i wouldn't say it's for everyday use
this stuff does the trick
i can't say enough good about this product.
i did a lot of research for what i thought would help my acne
which is why i wish i could wear it all the time
did not want to give up on this product just yet
you know the bad breakouts that happen during time of the month?
when you know you shouldn't?
so now i can't live without this
no matter what else i try
as i can only assume every teenager does
i know it's right around the corner
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker
i don't have a lot
picked at even tho i know your not supposed to
i only wish i would've known about this
my skin is i would say normal
it does exactly what it says it does
can't say enough good things!
i wish i made this switch wayyyyy sooner
this lotion does exactly what the advertisement says
wanted to not have to worry about breakouts
i can honestly say that i don't remember the last time my skin was this nice- maybe never
i'd be flawless if it wasn't for my job.
after awhile it wasn't helping anymore
let's just say that i would freak out if this was ever discontinuedâ€¦ so upsetting that so many benzoyl peroxide products left the shelves a few years ago
didn't really do much
this doesn't do that
i don't know how they get it to not do that
some people would ask
i cannot find anything that compares
don't necessarily think this product is to blame since i normally see zits in those places
dont need much to cover your entire face
the only downside is that you can't tell how much product is left
honestly i didn't love it
i wasn't convinced it was enough moisture
the price tag smh this is why i left out a star i just don't know if i can keep buying this
i think the people that gave this a bad review maybe are applying the wrong amounts
so one would say i'm combination
i chose this product because it felt light enough to wear under makeup
this month i didn't get any
honestly nothing to complain about
i didn't like it at first
didn't cause any irritation
the smell doesn't bother me at all
i feel like it doesn't give me all of the product possible
i decided enough was enough
didn't think i would like it
i don't love it, but i like it.
it doesn't even last me 2 months
these are things i wouldn't normally think about
i wouldn't say its life changing
this did not irritate me
let me also tell you
it's not too bad once you get used to it
i do not regret it
you don't notice that it's even there
if that makes any sense
i actually love it!
i can usually tell right away if i'm gonna like something
just let me scoop out the cream myself please!
plus i never know how much product is left in the jar since i can't see inside
i get paranoid not knowing what's left
i might try though
still doesn't bother me as bad as the container
it didn't leave a film outside on my skin like others do
i don't think this product is anything special.
it isn't strong enough to put you off
as it did for me
which is enough to cover my face you don't need a lot of this product
it doesn't give me any break out or anything at all
i don't even use my serums anymore because i like this so much-- even solo
does what it says!
i couldn't put anything on it until someone suggested this
that is no exaggeration
i never thought a single product could change my skin so much
i would hug kate somerville so hard if i ever met her simply for this product
basically anything you can think of
so do yourself a favor and buy this.
i will admit this doesn't do much in terms of clearing up acne
it does everything it says it does and more!
i cannot say enough great things about this cleanser
i didn't break out at all with this
for those for you that know milia
i can't place exactly what it is
not sure how well it works yet
this cream does everything you would expect it to
i guess that's what you pay for a product that works
people that guess my age
of course i never tell
didn't use for a week
i would buy more often but can't justify it.
i am not sure if i am willing to fork out $150 for this cream
i honestly thought this product was not doing anything for my skin until i ran out of it
i honestly see a difference.
this is a great product that i can't live without
i just wish they weren't so darn expensive!
this one does the job
just wish it was'nt so expensive!
probably, but i haven't found that one yet.
i don't know what is in this jar
then you can see the true efffectiveness of the products
you won't be wasting your money.
perhaps is not really all that good for daytime use
this is one of those items that you order hoping it doesnt work or you dont like it becaus of the price
not sure what it would do for heavy lines
i've noticed some people didn't like the smell
i actually like it
after i got consultant's answer what kind of product i should use
do not blame the cream - it's performing at 100%+
i can't believe my eyes
this does exactly what it says it does
just do not get it in your eyes.
i don't have lines yet
can't comment on whether or not it helps with lines
when i say instantly
they don't know i've done anything different
i tried this eye cream not thinking it would do anything more than what i was currently using
didn't even intend to purchase this
i think that clinique's all about eyes would do the same trick
with that kind of money
it is not a miracle cream
doesn't last very long
the only one i have tried that personally works for me
i wish the price wasn't so high
i can't even explain it.
out of everything i tried
and yes you only need 1-2 drops.
i can't live without it.
anything that would help
while this does not perform miracles
it's the first product that's actually worked
can't tell benefits other than moistruization of this product
i'd suggest you try for yourself
i can never really commit to products
it does what it claims
this product is what does it
does not break me out
i don't know how i ever lived without this product
whenever i try something new i find it doesn't match up to quench
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
i do love it though.
can say with absolute certainty that i'm glad i did
if that make any sense
luckily, you'd be wrong!
(they usually don't do much for me.)
at first, did not see any results.
i think this is one of those products that you get what you pay for
thought i would try it
let alone not clog my skin
i don't like using it
just don't like it
i don't think i'd have the same reaction
i looked exactly what they describe
doesn't matter what the weather is doing
i should note that i am still using my retin-a along with this so maybe that is the reason for no breakouts
it does all that
does what it says
once you try this serum its difficult to use anything else
said it wouldn't break me out even though it contains some oil
it doesn't break me out
it doesn't do anything weird
can't live without it
i keep thinking i don't "need" this product
although not sure yet if it is minimizing wrinkles
never tried any of kate's products.
have not changed anything else in my regimen
it's not at all
figured i'd give it a try
i only gave it 4 stars because i wish it had a little fragrance
be sure not to apply too much
at first you think this is greasy but it is not.
can't live without it.
i do not try to use it around my eyes
my face does not get irritated by this product
i like it but!
i can't get enough of it
what i didn't like that i didn't get samples which i use to try
so do not expect it to
if you don't use that much water
can't say if this alone would get rid of all my acne
however this time i need to do it so because this cleanser is too good to know alone
it does not break me out
cannot imagine life without this feeling
if you read "what it is formulated to do" expect just that lol
does wonders for my face
t'll be a long while 'til it's done
i did not expect that.
i cannot say how
even if i just use my h
some people think that's not reason enough to spend $50 on a face wash
it did the job by itself.
i do mean everything
i can't believe how much this truly cleans my face
i do use this with my clarisonic.
i will ask my friends try this too.
yes this has some oil in it
this is what it will do.
wanted to try something else just because how expensive this is
it doesn't break me out
so i couldn't be bothered to try out new one.
it doesn't really do anything amazing to my skin
i don't like it at all
i gave it four stars because it doesn't seem as hydrating as i had hoped
i can't do 50$ every 6-8 weeks
that's how long it lasts for me
get it if you can
the price is totally worth it because you'll be amazed on how much you actually need to use
it does kill me that it's $50
i can't think of one i haven't tried although there probably are some
if you're pondering, just do it.
i did not know about this br
am not sure my wallet can h
it has no oils and i do not break out from it.
i'll never use anything else again.
sometimes you do get what you pay for
this is not one of them.
i just realized the other day that i don't have blackheads anymore
i love amorepacific my face its just something else
i don't use that much of it at all
they don't really do anything
i don't even know what skin type that is
i didn't want to love it because of its price
doesn't happen with this one.
the oil did not cause any breakout
this does not irritate it at all
doesn't break me out
doesn't break me out
you don't have to use much at all
it does not bother my eyes either.
can't comment on how well it removes it
i did not expect that.
i see what some are saying about the scent
i actually like it
i guess it should for the price
i don't think i would've tried it if it hadn't been for that
you either like it or don't mind it
you must try too
this one did not.
it did not bother me at all
couldn't be happier i did.
thinking it would save me money
even though it is an oil it does not break me out
i can imagine that many could have problems
this was it's true test for me
i still can't believe when i wash my face
the person working at the store said it lasts a while so we'll see
i would not have guesed that an oil would clean your face
does not leave any residue
i wish the pump was just different as it's not something you can just throw into your travel bag if you don't have any travel sets on h
it doesn't make me breakout
does it just get right in there
i can't rave enough about this specific product
i know it seems pricey
just enough to make sure my h
since you don't need to use much of the product
it does not leave any oil
you only need 1 pump to do it all
i wish it wasn't so perfume-like
the price doesn't quite justify it
this one did not disappoint
we don't want anything harsh
is the only thing i would change about this product if i could
the product description is actually right on point: this does what it says
if you're on the fence, i'd say go for it.
i got this as a sample first- i couldn't quite comprehend an oil cleanser-
i now can't live without it.
i felt i was obligated to mention how great this cleansing oil is
what i like about this oil cleanser:1
i don't know how it works.
i cannot say enough about this line.
i can say that the price may be a shock
well for all you non-believers like me it surely did work
no matter what i try
no need for anything else.
this product is not exactly foamy
i tried what seems like all of amorepacific's products
wow i cannot even begin to say how amazing this is
does not break me out
i tried everything to control it
i don't even try to pick other.
i can say that it did not improve any of the early signs of ageing
it doesn't feel like i'm wearing anything
does not break me out.
i actually love it
'm not sure why people aren't able to h
the only bad thing i can say about this product is the price
i don't regret spending the $100 at all
actually do what they are supposed to do
my goodness even i can't justify this price tag
have never used a moisturizer that did not cause acne
after that it's gone
but does the job !
it doesn't bother it at all
the only thing i would change is the price tag because it's soooo pricey
i didn't even notice this problem
i found out this doesn't hurt at all
i am not bothered by the scent
i know some people here don't like the scent
on me at least anyway
it's the only thing i'll use
nothing compared to when i don't use this
my skin didn't feel like it had a layer of anything on it
i didn't expect more from it
i can't imagine switching to anything else now.
don't have access to a sephora anymore i will never stop using this product
not break me out
it doesn't seem to break me out
i also wish this product didn't have a fragrance.
i don't think i can ever go back to anything else
it didn't break me out at all which is a plus.
i don't know why i did it
does not break me out in the least
i don't smell anything strange as other people have mentioned
there just isn't anything that comes close
once i've applied it, i can't see or feel it.
it is not good.i have not gotten used to it.
i didn't think my eyes could look so bright
can't have enough of it
i don't mind it but i'm just saying.
i don't even know where to begin!
believe me when i say that this product has changed my life
did not think it would work.
i find pricey does not always mean quality
nothing was like this
can't get enough of this product
doesn't make me break out
as i frequently used it i didn't see much difference
i just wish they had a spatula so that i don't have to dip my h
it is not bad at all.
you won't regret it
why why why is it so expensive??
it doesn't last as long as i would like
what i do like is how my skin feel immediately after i apply this product
to others, yes, this is pricey.
i know it's expensive, but it really works.
didn't make me break out
even though it's crazy expensive i cant even take off one star from the rating
it doesn't take much product so the jar should last awhile
if you dont like smells then steer clear of this.
i never would have payed so much for a moisturizer
maybe it's not amazing for everyone
i can't give this 5 stars
it has not caused me to break out
i didn't find it to be great for wrinkles.
i don't have any wrinkles yet except for some on-
it didn't really make a difference
get it if you can
i just wish it wasn't so expensive
i am surprised not many people mention what an amazing product this is for wrinkles
i am addicted, nothing else can compare!
i realized many people don't give 5 stars because of the price
i don't have a doubt to return
if you're not a broke college student like me
basically need a miracle to see any results
they do the job
if you are willing to put in the time this product does wonders
when they say radiance they are not kidding!
anyone who doesn't like the price is obviously not that dedicated to they're skin care routine because to me this is 100% worth it
it did exactly what i needed
even though its not meant to be.
i never believe product descriptions when it says you will see results that quickly
for this it's true
when i wasn't using the product
otherwise i would give it 5 stars
you will never use anything else
can't do without it.
it's the first product that says it does this
i actually notice a difference
i get tons of people telling me i couldn't possibly be 46
did not expect that
'm not sure how it will improve my skin yet
i actually did see a difference in one week.
if i don't use it
i don't know the long term effect yet
i must say that i really like my purchase.
didn't break me out
it didn't help as much as i would've liked
am not exactly sure the full impact just this alone
i didn't really have any lines yet
i got 3 of these simply because i didn't know what else to pick
didn't really think i'd actually use it
i didn't see that result
think everyone should use murad product
can tell if i'm really just wishful thinking
it didn't take too long for me to do that
neck so that's probably why
at least i didn't experience any break outs
this product does the trick
not sure if it "works"
i could not believe my eyes!!
i couldn't decide between this
i wouldn't recommend that you use it alone
it'll still do the job
just realized that i didn't wear a spec of makeup this weekend-
didn't even notice the need for those things
i didn't even have makeup on
it didn't hurt anymore and was smaller.
recommend it to everyone i know
for some reason this for me just did
i won't bother trying any others.
this does not irrate my skin
not bad considering i am 49.
i put it on before anything else
i still cannot believe it.
i don't think it's meant for that
can't imagine anything better.
i really didn't know how to take that.
that's how you know it is working :-d
didn't know what to do about them
but it did something.
was discouraged the first time i used this because it didn't seem to do much
this mask does help me
i didn't think it would work at all
i just happened to have non-sensitive skin i guess
not sure how it works
this is the first product that actually seems to do what it says it does
i don't know how it does it
i can't believe my nose looks the way it does
thought there was no way this could work
it's not a permanent fix, obviously.
i don't know how but it does.
t line is the only thing i have found that works
otherwise i love it.
i can't be without it
i didn't like the pump, the tube works better.
i know that's kind of cheating
some people complain that it doesn't work
it really does work if you are persistent
you shouldn't expect miracles from products
it is not harsh at all
he didn't even know that i tried it yet
because it does work
didn't use them much until now
try it you won't regret it!!
couldn't believe how well it worked
did not cause any irritation
does it make a difference
which is enough for me to ask for
that doesn't mean women can't use it
i always notice i have blackheads that just wont go away
i find that it does an okay job at what it's supposed to
that's what happens when it's such a great product
cons: i'm not a fan of the smell
i do not have "wrinkles".
who doesn't do reviews
i think it's supposed to be for men
i can't say it lightens spots although i don't think it promises that
you won't regret it
it doesn't matter jackblack products are for man
didn't make me break out.
i would surely recommend this for females.
i wish it wasn't so pricey
i guess you get what you pay for
i can honestly see
i know it's supposed to be for men
you don't use hardly any at all to do your eye treatment
if not paying attention, you can waste.
you can see the crepeyness
i don't believe it is meant to be used alone
i can tell a difference with this
i can honestly say it has made a difference!
you wouldn't know it
i love this product and wouldn't be without it.
you can use it on your fine lines anywhere else
if you get this
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
i didn't think it would be as good as it has
didn't see any changes yet
although it's probably not for everyone
you really don't have to use much either.
i think it was my fault though because i applied too much product cuz i was desperate to see the results
i do not notice a bad smell at all
to each his own i guess.
also please i wish people would quit saying you only need a dime size
i truly think unless you have a child's size head you will need more than a dime size
one thing i can say is this is one product that i will continue to use
i might not recommend this
i think it's something you'd really enjoy
i love this product i can't get enough of it i use the potentcy night repair
let me tell you
i don't know why people are complaining about the price
don't see the difference
personally, i do not notice a smell.
my husband said he doesn't either.
i would say that it has helped my face.
not a huge difference, but it does help.
i will never do without this product!!
i didn't even know i needed a "lift"
wow what was i thinking to not keep using this?
his products do everything-for me-that they claim
this product will help-just keep in mind nothing works miracles
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
i don't even notice it
i will get used to it i guess since i like the results
t really isn't that bad
don't get me wrong
it just isn't the most appealing smell either <not to me>
i like the way it feels however i'm not sure i noticed any difference in my skin yet
donâ€™t have time to add another product if itâ€™s not going to make any real difference
it does nto work as the ' instant fillers'
' freezers' there is something else at work here
so that's for you to decide
would not be without it
now i have to complain of a strong purfume smell which is supposto not have a smell never did bfore
i guess it's because of the high price point
i can't complain about the price tag as it was free for me
where i do not
it does not smell bad or good
im telling you i have tried most of them
it does not smell bad at all.
i think if they do the job
if you are like me
age: 40 (gulp, where did my 30's go!
so decided to try it anyway
it does not irritate me
it didn't really help with my dryness though.
t must be doing something
i applied what i thought was going to be an overpriced waste of time
would reccomend this to every woman out there
no matter what your age or skin concern
don't hesitate to purchase anything he creates
if i start to have a reaction to anything
delayed buying it again because i thought maybe i didn't really need it or the expense
it doesn't make me break out
you don't need to wait forever to see them
i can't say enough about how wonderufl this product is
if it gives you bang for buck
i am 70, but everyone says i don't look it.
so not sure of effectiveness/results
my face doesn't break out at all like it use to
donâ€™t have time to add another product if itâ€™s not going to make any real difference
can't say enough good things
okay kidding not clears it, but still!
i tried it anyways
but i really recommend this for anyone.
this product does exactly what it promises.
i recommend it to everyone.
i can not say enough positive things about this product
it isn't bad at all
i've never used anything that works this quick before
never did i think adding a mask to my regime would help me out so well
i can't live without this mask!
it did not irritate my skin.
i feel that i don't even need them anymore
it's everything i wanted in a mask.
can't talk about the results yet.
it doesn't break my out at all
however there are some things you should know.
i don't know how this works if you have lots of breakouts or serious acne
so do not overdo it
it does help to clear my skin
i do not have acne
glad i didn't return it.
i love that you don't need much product
unless you're like me
you don't need much product
if you're on the fence about it
it does everything it claims to do.
i just don't think other people leave this on long enough
when nothing else has
i can already see the amount of difference it's made
let me tell you the reviews were right
this seems to do its job
can't really compare it to anything else
so you knew what spots you'd missed
it didn't pull out everything
i didn't find it to be drying like others did
i used a moisturizer right after it so maybe that's why
i also can't help
i never stick to the same one for years like many people do
t doesn't take much time out of my day at all
this probably won't do it
i didn't see any magic there.
it never fails me
however it did nothing for my oil control :-
it did exactly what is described to my skin
not exactly sure how often to use this
though i didn't see instant results
figured i'd give it a try
i did only in 2d using
my face didn't need it
my budget wont allow me that privilege
i don't think i could go a night without this cream
ahh what does this product not do?
can't say enough about it, very happy with it:)
that does not happen all the time
amazingly did not have any bad reactions to this product
i didn't think any product could improve my already good skin
when you find a product that actually does what it claims
i am not saying that this will do wonders for everyone like it did for me
i suggest getting a sample first to make sure that it doesn't cause any negative effects before you go
i wasn't expecting to like it as much as i do.
now i dont need to wear a heavy foundation to cover anymore
i couldn't believe the instant results i saw
i cant say enough good things about this face cream
don't be scared by the price
dont not what i would do with out it.
this product does work wonders
this product does what it says it will do!
can't really say what it is
i did not break out
it should not bother you at all
this does not irritate.
i believe that this is one of them
that didn't stop me from getting another bottle
not worth the $ because i don't get the results i get with other caudalie products
i didn't realize how effective this cream is until i ran out
if you can afford it that is
not cause any breakouts
nothing else is working."
therefore you don't get all of the product you think you do
this product did not irritate or cause any more bumps
the scent did not bother me as other users have stated
i didn't really believe that any one product could make such a difference
this product, by far does exactly what it says.
i just couldn't believe people were seeing such amazing results
doesn't just sit on top of it all night
you also do not need to use a lot
you'll see what i'm talking about
i only gave it 4 stars because i does not contain an spf
yes i know i shouldn't pick@myface in the first place
does what it says
this is the first cream that i found that actually does what it says it will
i know a lot of you will disagree
i don't think it does anything to my wrinkles
if only i could afford a whole bottle
i cant find a replacement even if i pay more money for it
i cant afford it at the moment
can't recommend this enough.
no product will work miracles if you don't already take good care of your skin
i can't say this about most better smelling products out there
i may still keep using it though because it does seem to be working
that is exactly why i continue to use it!
i don't know what this stuff is exactly
but my skin *responds* to this like nothing else.
as much as i don't want to
i can't wait to try the other products by perricone
i don't know what miracle is in this
i truly have no idea what they are talking about
i don't know exactly what it's doing for my skin
i didn't believe it til i got home
not sure what it's doing
that will be what you smell
please don't let bad reviews of smell stop you from trying this product
it seems to solve any problem anyone has!
i wouldn't let that stop you from trying this product
figured i would try it
not enough that i would skip my moisturizer
i wouldn't describe it as fishy though.
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
the only thing that does make me sad about this product is that there is no way i can afford to purchase it
well anyway the point i am trying to make is if it does what it claims
i think it does
the only reason you are not trying this is because of the claims that it smell terrible then don't let that stop you
because it is not at all bad
all you have to do is ask
i don't even notice the smell anymore
dont even notice after a while
to me it's not as much fishy as just "unperfumed"
you really can't smell it at all
the smell is not of this earth, i tell you!!
it does wonders for my skin
i won't try anything else
i just don't smell it anymore
nothing i tried did anything to resolve it.
not just to me, but to other people.
but he couldn't smell it at all.
say give it a shot
if you really can't h
but if i can handle it, i think you can too.
this stuff is not cheap
my god if you want results this is the product
i/ others really do notice a difference in my skin when i am not using this
i want what ever i am using to benefit my skin
when i am not using this product i can see my skin is not as clear
i know there are a lot of reviews that say this smells like "dead fish
the smell is not that bad
it does make everthing look
i love that when i just can't remember what all of my other products are for
you won't believe your eyes
i've tried too many products that didn't deliver results until now
i just cannot agree
i do not normally do reviews here
does not bother me
yes it does have a smell.
even my boyfriend said he could see a difference.
i don't want to be without it
i will do that gladly
i didn't add anything different then this one product
i know that i don't have a lot of time on the road i can take this one product
as a man i do not know much about beauty products
now i hardly notice it
honestly couldn't care less
how does it do this?
whatever that means, i have to agree.
one product that does it all.
this product does exactly what it says.
i did not know what to think when i saw it.
i wanted to try it to
the combination of these 2 did magic on me.
wouldn't be without it
let me say i didn't lose my sense of smell in some horrible accident
so when i say this doesn't smell that bad it probably doesn't smell as bad as some people have mentioned
can't say for sure about the long term benefits yet
does not sit on top, which i cannot stand.
i made the investment anyway
as it is supposed to help everything
people are asking me what i have had done:
the immediate results didn't floor me
i am not exaggerating.
it just does everything the br
just wish it wasn't so pricey.
it doesn't last very long
perricone didn't add fragrance to it makes me trust it more
like i said the smell doesn't last
this product does exactly what it promises: prevents
meaning the smell of this product is so bad some people do not make it to see results
which is what i did
well i hardly notice the smell anymore.
to those of you who say not to use this product because you don't like the way it smells
now yes this product does smell sort of interesting
i'd hate to see what kind of things you have in your cabinet
exactly what i wanted.
what it claims to do
i don't know if i'd say it's made a huge difference in the evenness of my skin
it doesn't matter to me because the moisturizer itself is so great
doesn't break me out
maybe it's because i don't use it everyday.
try not to use it as often
i would recommend this to everyone
btw hit me up if you discover one like that
it is one that i can't live without
it does not make me break out
like o never had them.
we're all in a hurry
you just won't see results that fast with this product
if you've got the time
i can't say if this actually help even your skin tone
i don't know whether or not it evens my skin tone
how can you tell?
can't remember the name
once it's on for a while you can't smell it anymore
this product it does what it says it does.
it probably has something to do with the spf
will pay the price because i can actually wear this without worry or fear of problems from it
it does what it says it does
...but am not sure that i love it.
and this one does all that.
t knock off years from my face like i thought orlane used to do
didn't make me break out or burn my eyes
i know an odd way to describe my face
doesn't break me out
whoa did it do what it stated it would do.
i can't believe that at 39 i am still getting break outs
regret it so much that i didnt try this one first
didn't notice any results other than a bit of a breakout
but yes it works!
you really can't use one without the other.
i didn't realize until i stopped using it that it had the color correcting feature
it does help enough that i will for sure keep using it
this does wonders for my skin
i did however see a change in my friends.
i did not like the performance of the super defense on my skin
i wasn't sure if i'd like it or not
i can't tell if it really is even-ing my skin tone out
i think it's helping
i don't have much hope for my acne prone skin anyway
i don't think i have used it long enough to comment on the damage correction
as it was not meeting my needs anymore
the produce does excactly what is says it will do
nor did i expect them to be
doesn't feel like i'm wearing anything
it does what it says it does.
it's not made for that area
i do not wear foundation
i will be trying out other products after i finish my supply to see if there's anything better
does not make my skin breakout
don't know if it correctly my tone
so needless to say it would have to work miracles
i don't know if i will buy anymore at this point
this product does not irritate them
it doesn't happen in sample or even on bottle.
i know this is long, but bear with me.
i don't see a difference there
it does show results-you just have to be patient!
i wish i could say this product helped with my dark circles
it did not make an improvement with my dark circles
also it does not irritate my eyes at all.
i am not sure if it does anything for dark circles
if you let it sit
i tried just about all of them
truthfully i haven't seen that in any product that i have tried
i don't mind that at all
i do notice a difference
not wanting to pay much for one
i can't speak to preventing lines or fixing them because i'm young enough for now that that isn't an issue
could tell that i did not put it on
it does make a difference!
i don't see much change in the laugh lines
asking me what i was using
she didn't see as many dark circles
even if they don't
i decided that i didn't really see any difference in my eyes
if you think it's not really doing anything for you
i think you will have the same experience i did.
does not really take care of my undereye circles
you'll notice a lot more results after doing that
so the verdict isn't out.
i don't know if it's living up to it's promises thus far as it's only been a couple of weeks
definitely would suggest to anyone.
which didn't do anything for me
i don't really have wrinkles yet
i never get enough sleep
because i forgot about this product?
it doesn't surprise me the results are amazing
i wouldn't change it for the world
i cannot believe the difference in my eyes
i do not believe in miricles out of a bottle
all i look for is something that doesn't react to my skin poorly
if there are people out there that say it don't work
i would question weather they are putting it in the wrong place
no matter how much sleep i get or dont get
this is the only product that i actully noticed a big difference
this is a must try you will not regret
it's true what they say
i don't know that i go for the hype of brighter eyes
i could not believe how well it worked
it does the job.
i did not see as many fine lines
i did not give it 5 stars because i do feel that it is overpriced
i am not sure how much help this is
they do not exagerate what this product can do
yes it does works very well indeed would recomend it to anyone
have not seen the lines diminsh on me
which probably doesn't exist
can't comment on whether it works for dark circles
i recommend it to everyone
moisturizer not having a clue of where to start
now i don't even notice it
it doesn't do miracles on my skin
it doesn't really advertise that
in my opinion anyways
i would never use anything else
with this cleanser it only did wonders
don't hesitate to buy this because it really is worth all the hype
loved -- didn't know why i changed it
they'd either break me out
i even stopped using foundation because i don't really need it anymore
was told by pros that's not something a cleanser can defeat alone
i've recommended this to almost everyone i know
i do notice that some of my makeup is left
you don't need much product
i don't think i'll ever use anything else
you don't need a lot
you get a lot of bang for your buck
this didn't make me break out at all
it does what it says it does.
doesn't make me break out
not only does it feel clean
i cant tell you enough how this has changed my skin
i don't notice it now
i can't believe i found it!
you don't need much for it to work wonders.
it's not irritating or anything for me
i honestly don't know how
the only reason i would give it 4/5
perhaps look somewhere else!
it doesn't break me out
i wish it wasn't so expensive
i don't ever really get any blemishes
the only two things i didn't like was a
i found that it didn't last very long
i didn't think i was.
honestly just does the job
i don't notice anything amazing in this product
if all else fails
i would recommend this product to anyone who needs a basic cleanser that gets the job done without a lot of ridiculous claims
it still doesn't break me out
no problems anymore with breakouts.
it performs exactly as promised.
i can't tell you how well it removes all my make-up
i just can't get past the price
it does what it says
i don't mind it so much
i mean all of it
i kinda wish i could give it 4 and a half stars.
this does not break me out what so ever
so far i will be honest that i don't see an amazing difference
i don't know if it's because of this product
so don't take my word for facts on that note
it doesn't break me out
even terrible cystic breakouts never happen anymore
i never even wear makeup anymore!
will never use anything else
i took one star off because the product didn't amaze me
i guess since my skin is not as "sensitive" i don't need a product like this one
i don't know if i've gotten used to it
to that is something that i can deal with
i wasn't expecting it to do much for my dark circles
not sure if anyone wants shiny eyebrows though
it can't do miracles
my dark circles aren't as obvious anymore
how did i not see a review
hard to say if it really works well or not yet.
i don't even know
for that use it was exactly what i needed
i did not have terribly puffy eyes to begin with
i didn't even think i had any until i started using this product
if you are willing to pay the price or have really dark circles under your eyes i would say go for it
i just don't need it that badly
none work like this one for me
found it wasn't up to par anymore
you would never know anymore
do something about fine lines
i would say it's making a difference
tried sooooo many/this works.won't be without
although i wouldn't have bought this were it not for the good reviews
i still did not believe an eye roller could actually work
i do not have dark circles
if you suffer with allergies as badly as i do
i can see the difference it made
nothing else works like this.
i didn't notice a difference in helping with the fine lines
it doesn't really get rid of my dark circles so that's why i gave it 4 stars
it really does what it says it will do
i did not give this 5 stars because i still have some puffiness
i didn't notice any change at first
i don't think it even claims to
i would say definitely give it a try
i recomend this eye roller as it did exactly what it said that it would do
thought i would try it.
i didn't feel the need for that when i used this
well it did exactly that.
i did not notice any improvement there
not in love with it
will probably always want it h
also doesn't leave you feeling shiny after application if ya know what i mean
not my thing on summeracnes doesn't seem to decrease
i wouldn't really recommend this because it might not sink into your skin
didn't think to try it since i have combo skin
i trust just about anything i get from fab.
i do not use this during the day.
i wish fab made this with a pump too.
silly me hadn't even read the packaging to realize it was meant for faces too
it doesn't break me out
i never thought i would ever find a way to fix it
don't expect anything to cure them
i don't even care
i would recommend this to everyone.
only reason i don't give it five stars is because i feel like it can be clogging from time to time
it does exactly what it says
you can't go wrong with this-
the amount for the price doesn't feel like a ripoff at all
that's not the case
yeah it doesn't make sense to me either
i've found that it locks in moisture i didn't even know i had
does the consistency of this product remind anyone else of noxzema?
or is it just me?
i didn't need something as heavy as this anymore
i honestly can't go without this product in my morning face routine
it did not do the job
i think i will always be no matter what "miracle" products i use
i can't live without it.
i didn't like it as much as i like it now.
if you are like me
it doesn't even feel like i put anything on.
try it, you won't regret it!
does not disturb makeup either
it's possible it's only when it hasn't fully absorbed yet
i do only use this on my body though
don't know how it works with your face
this is the only one that didn't sting
at first i wasn't sure
i didn't know there was a difference between dry
i really didn't see much difference
yes, i love it that much.
anyone who is having a bad reaction to something
this product has never caused me any issues
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars !
i just want to give a reference on my skin type
this wasn't the case
i do not like the cleanser.
it doesn't break me out
i would suggest anyone who is looking into this
as you can see
i didn't have time to proof read it
i know it's gonna last a long while
i only use this at night because it doesn't have spf
just what i need
honestly i seen the difference
i stopped using for a while, don't know why.
well they didn't stop working they just started burning my skin like crazy
cannot recommend enough it's so perfect.
this is the only face cream i trust because it does not pressure my skin
the only sort of negative is that i dont think it works well under makeup
i love this because it doesn't cause any break out
all i have to say is that i can't say i've noticed this product working
whatever it is we're calling it
i like this product because it does what it claims to
no idea why it started.
i honestly cannot believe it
you don't realize this does anything at all until you stop using it
i hardly ever get flare ups anymore
i can already see how it actually works
maybe it's the combination of them all i'm not sure
there is not that much to say except it really works
i don't think it's the product's fault
didn't think it worked
this does not irritate or break me out at all
it does what it promises
'm not going to complain would recommend
there's nothing to be done about it is what i was told
com to check out what everyone else had to say about this product
this time it wasn't enough
my boyfriend can't believe how smooth my face is
i don't want to ever be without it
i can see myself grab ing for this often
not everything is going to work for you
you don't know if they had used it or not
don't assume they aren't knowledgeable just because one thing didn't work for you
while i loved the results i just couldn't justify the price
almost smells like wood on fire or fireworks lol i'm not sure exactly
to see if it actually works
does not get react so easily anymore
this stuff does exactly what it is supposed to do
actually expected it to not work for me
comments like, "why are you so red?"
i don't make a lot of money
please keep in mind that i do not have any extreme skin conditions
i honestly can't rave enough about this product or the br
i didn't see any change immediately
i don't think i can live without it!
i did not expect it to work so well.
so far i think it's working
which i can't use in a review apparently
so for me it's not a deal breaker
but i'm not bothered by that.
even when i am not doing anything extensive
i can see a difference and my sisters can too.
it's not something you can use over makeup
we just don't think we can have this problem
a trip to the dermatolgist didn't do anything
rx that did not work
so off to sephora to see what they recommend.
at least i can get a refund if the product doesn't work for me
it doesn't take much
didn't have any issues
didn't notice a huge difference
don't know how i lived without this
now i can't believe i ever went without it
my face doesn't look the same
this may not work as miraculously for everyone else
you do not want to use this every day
it does wonders for me
now i can't go without it!
it's not a miracle worker you won't wake up with a totally younger face
i can tell a difference
this does none of that
i will say you still need a moisturizer with this
nothing i did would stop them
did not irritate skin.
not only because of the price
i should say i loved this product!
but i do not like the liquid.
it is hard to use or know how much to use or whether you have it all over
i can honestly say this changed my skin
it's does it all!
none really do anything
i can't believe how amazing my skin looks
the price of this product can't be beat
it doesn't seem like much until you realize you can cover your whole face with a single drop
as long as it's not painful you're okay
you will see a difference
i seriously don't even need foundation.
stop what you're doing and go get it right now!
i did a lot of research
didn't give me skin any reactions
only thing i dislike is the smell it has
not seeing results yet
didn't see any results so quickly quit using them
i must say though that it doesn't do much to prevent breakouts
this product never irritates me
can't really talk about any positive changes to my skin yet
i can say that this product was not irritating to my skin
i did not skip any days
almost to the point of not wearing any foundation
didn't want to go to the doctor
i guess you can say a little goes a long way
then im using other things too
if you're willing to be patient
it did help my skin even
it really works, and nothing else does.
a trip to the dermatologist that didn't seem to show any results
i don't know why because it's 1 of very few that has proven to work on my skin
when i say i get lots of compliments
although it does work
i didn't smell it
which i recommend so you do not start to peel
i recommend this to anyone!
can't live without it now
this does not at all
people have said it's hard to apply
all the gross things-- it's one of those things that you don't notice when i have makeup on
usually just put this on at night with nothing else
i don't have to worry about breaking out anymore
it just didn't fade
when i do use it
i decided to try it thinking it would irritate my skin
eveyone thinks i am in my late 30's
you cannot see them anymore
i do not wear a lot of make-up
it doesn't make me break out at all
does not break me out
i would have thought they were crazy
that it does not cause breakouts
i recommend it to everyone
t's not something you'd want to bring when you travel because it will spill
it just doesn't compare
oil is not doing its job
i only didn't give it 5 stars because i want to try it a little longer to decide if its worth the money
this product does what it says.
this cleansing oil is not doing any harm
don't be afraid of the name
you'll know what i'm talking about
it doesn't feel like you've done anything
i didn't give it 5 stars because i wish the bottle were bigger
don't be scared by the word "oil."
i can't speak to that
well this stuff is the answer.
that's not the case
if you like it how i do
i do recommend this
i can't even tell its on!
i know that's not uncommon
i seem to be able to 'pour' just enough into my h
i suggest you don't use every day
error to figure out how much you should use for your skin type
i find that it actually acts like a primer of sorts for my mufe
didn't like the consistency
didn't find that it mattified as well
i don't go a day without it!
it does not provide as the moisture i thought it would
i really do not see yet how is this lotion works in anti-ageing compartment
this lotion was exactly what i needed for my combination skin
you've got nothing to lose
their return policy allows for you to find exactly what you need :-
this did not help to control it
i would say that this product is great
that's a rarity for me to like a product enough to buy it again
as if it wasn't bad enough
that is all i needed to know it works
you wont regret it.
even though i am not worrying about aging just yet
i seriously can not believe how miraculous this is
i am just upset i did not find this sooner!
so did my coworkers
do 'feel' a tightening just cant 'see' it
i didn't like the smell at first
i will have to say it has a medicine type smell
it doesn't last long
not the case, not for everyone.
haven't really paid attention to that
this stuff does the trick.
i hoped i was not just imagining an improvement
didn't expect such good results
i do not know yet how effective this product will be
does not cause breakouts
not sure about wrinkles
i don't have any
find it didn't agree with my skin as well as this one
pricey, but you get what you pay for!
pricey, but you get what you pay for.
while i don't agree it can work in place of your primer
people never guess my real age
can't say that i see a difference in my skin
i'd like to try another one of the philosophy products- the miracle lift i think it's called
i dont give this 5 stars just yet because ive only been using it a short time
not so with this.
figured i would try it out
it doesn't make me break out
i didn't even realize it had all of the anti-aging properties
can't tell if this is a pricing error or just good luck
i didn't know there was such a product like this.
you do not need a lot.
i think that's the point
if you're not sure, ask for a sample.
i would never change my skin care routine!
can honestly say that for my skin
could never seem to hydrate them enough
this does the trick for me
i can't tell you how many people have commented to me about the near total lack of wrinkles on my 64-year-old face
by the way, i do not wear makeup.
i wasn't able to use this cream when i was prgenant
can't wait to experience the long term results
i am only 18 but i seriously want to buy this.
i will not buy this though because i am not going to spend 60 bucks on something like that
i've gone through 4 jars of this thing already because i seriously cannot find another moisturizer that does the job
doesn't make me break out
maybe it's just me
i cannot say enough good things about this product
can't say enough about this.
it's not been a month yet and i love it.
i recommended it don't hesitate buy it
young women often ask me what i use
didn't break out from it!!
now cannot get enough of them
it doesn't take much
wow i can't even explain how much i love this miracle
you will change your mind :)
although i am not sure how much anti-aging it has done
i didn't like the smell at first
this does not break me out which is a plus :
feels like nothing else i've ever used.
the only things i don't like abouit it are the price
otherwise i would have never thought to try it
i will not go without it.
did not like it
though it may not work miracles
i can't say enough good things about this one!
it did not break me out.
i don't regret it a bit
i cannot stress enough how amazing this product is
it doesn't burn or hurt in anyway
how anyone could dislike this cleanser
i didn't know how much to use because it was my first time
please i repeat please never stop making this.
i didn't realize how great it is until i used it.
it does the job
my acne did not go away completely however.
i guess because it is oil
it did not go well for me
this does not break me out
it's an oil type of product so don't be surprised when you pump the product
you will need to use something else to remove makeup from the eye
i don't use either
'm hoping it doesn't get worse
i don't know what kind of magic this is
you shouldn't buy this if you want an all in one cleanser
don't get me wrong
i know it doesn't seem like much
this product does what it says it will do.
i will say that i try not to use it all over my face
even though i didn't need a full pump
i'd say if you get this
using this did not cause me any breakout
not only does it work like a dream
this does not clog them
don't be like me
no question about it.
takes everything and i mean everything off.
all i have to say is
the only complaint is it doesn't give a cool feeling like i thought
this does the trick
i can't suggest this enough.
don't let the bad reviews fool you.
i would never ever use this cleanser alone.
it's honestly not necessary because it's that good
i think about why i never knew of it
i love how you do not even need to add water at first
i can't see myself ever giving it up
that did the trick!
what more can you ask?
since i have never used an oil based remover i didn't know what to expect
i wish it was actually cooling
it doesn't break me out
i dont know about some of the claims this product makes
doesn't break me out
it's been a struggle to get her to remove it properly- she doesn't want to take time to do a full-on routine like i do
not sure if people are giving this product a bad review because they are trying to use this product with water right away
that does not work
that it had enough substance that it didn't run down my arms
it's obviously not cheap
i don't know why i waited so long to get it
not at all in a bad way
because this does not foam
i can already tell there's a difference.
i cannot imagine using anything else
this provides the hydration that i never knew i needed
i don't believe i'll pick up anything else
that didn't happen to me at all
it would not stop
it didn't do much
i don't get breakouts anymore
i can't even remember the last time i had a pimple
do not pass this up!
with the wrong product
you don't need much product at all
that i thought i would never find a solution
great things to say about this except don't expect this to work overnight
of course that's not what it's really meant to do
for the life of me i couldn't figure out what was going on
hardly anymore thanks to this product
i don't break out anymore
it's the only thing i would swear by it does take a little while to see change on the skin
it genuinely is the only product i will ever swear by
which didn't help at all
not sure if it's the murad
you don't need to use a lot
not sure how much anti-aging is with it
wow, how did i not find this product sooner?
i do like this product
not cleasing enough for summer
proactiv just isn't working anymore
just know that using this cleanser you wont get any noticeable results in the first couple of weeks
i cannot say enough about how much i love this cleanser
it wasn't even that bad
not when i was 13
this does not do either
it doesn't break me out
i will say it doesn't foam
nothing seemed to do the trick
i promise you it wasnt
t was a little perplexing to me
at that time it didn't work for me
with anything like this
it's been clear ever since
no matter how much of the stuff i used it still didn't clear up my acne like it did before
i vowed that no matter how sick i felt
hey atleast it's doing what it claims to do
i even use this with my clarisonic
i must say i am in love
i believe this is it
i didn't know what to expect, but wow!!!
i didn't know if it would last though
didn't want to drag the whole bottle with me
they do wonders for my skin
i hope this helps someone else give it a shot too
i can't believe it!
they rave about this as much as i do
suggest any and all to give it a try.
if you're using this
which i didn't think i needed
it is no miracle treatment as there is no such a thing
because like i said there is no miracle cream out there
i knew if i wasn't satisfied it could be returned to sephora no questions asked which i think is an amazing policy
did nothing for me
00 that did not give me the results that this product did in 1 treatment
liked the serum enough that i was willing to find something else for the daytime
you can actually see
i can see a difference
i can tell it's working
first let me say i am one of those people who truly believe that no creme will really do anything
i didn't the feel of it on my face
i don't think this is a coincidence
did not have it
i know that not everyone will have the same results as i do
yet this serum has not make me break out even my fiance
saying it doesn't work is not giving it enough time for the results to show
with almost every other product i've tried i really havent noticed any results
i didn't love the results for the price
sure wish it did not cost so much
it does do what it says it will
is that is doesn't seem to be doing anything permanent for my wrinkles
actually does exactly what it says it will do
did not cause skin breakouts
it did not do much for discoloration though.
don't get me wrong
guess that counts as 2 products
that's what ptr said the product would do
that is what happened to my skin
i can't speak about wrikles cuz i don't have any really
i can't believe i'm going to drop $150 on this
i don't think i'll repurchase unless some good stuff happens
that's the only negative thing i have to say.
it's the only thing he asks for from sephora
it doesn't make me break out at all
it's the only one that doesn't break me out
this does it all
nor does it cause breakouts
so you know it's safe!
purchased it i wish i had done so sooner it's absolutely amazing
doesn't break you out or anything.
otherwise this is my go to
have not wanted to stray
if you're super dry it might not do too much for you
it does the job
seems to do the same thing
it doesn't break me out
if you don't want to break the bank
this cream does what it says
this probably isn't for you
this is exactly the type of moisturizer i like.
my skin just had enough of the products
i couldn't tell if this was because my skin was so dry that it needed help
skin that turns red if you just look at me the wrong way
it does exactly what i need it to do!
this one is just enough and doesn't break me out.
doesn't make me break out
it's light but still does the job!
it doesn't do the job for the winter time
it doesn't not irritate it at all
it did not do much job: i would still have dried out areas on my face
the product did not last me for as long as this size moisturizers do
it doesn't break me out
it didn't look irritated.
she swears by it and won't use anything else.
doesn't make me break out
this cream did not cause a reaction
it did not have any bad reactions to this product
that's the only thing i'd change
this does just that.
or do anything special to my skin
i can't say enough great things about fab's products
i can say i owe 90% of that to fab's
it does exactly what it claims.
i does what the description says
dont have that feeling that i put anything on my skin
use this during the day because i think it does not interfere with makeup
they didn't seem to work
it's so hard to know if they will ever do anything over time
it does what it say it would do
this isn't the product fault
kind of forgot about it
i don't use it all the time
this doesn't work as well as i was hoping
probably not for what was intended
i do use it in the morning too if i am not in a rush
does exactly as advertised.
could do without it
would not be without it
i don't think this is it
needless to say this works!
can't live without this one.
for the price of this product you can't go wrong.
if you're using this to try
it's probably not going to help
it seems some reviewers have a misconception if it's purpose
i cannot do without this product.
the reason i love it though
is what it does for my bags
i cannot go out without this.
let me tell you
if you even remotely feel like your eyes need a 1up
this hasn't bothered me it all
either all about eyes or origin's ginzing
just couldn't find anything that helped
it seemed as if i just couldn't manage enough sleep at night
it does what it says.
i don't know if this is because i love make up
since i've been using this its not a problem anymore
so don't use them
because i wasn't sure how it would do on my bags
my eyes aren't very dark either so maybe i just don't notice
i dont know how it does it
i can't believe this actually works!!!
not awful to begin with
i feel like there's not much product
i never use it
i tried them all.
when i don't use this
that's how i know this does what i want it to do.
i guess that's what happens as you get older
you don't look old enough to be doing this."
i suppose that means--any prior skepticism aside--that shiseido really is doing its job
if that makes any sense
rarely even use it anymore
i just think it's rather pricey for not a lot of product
this alone has not done anything for brightening or evening of skin tone
my skin looks how it did when i was 20
but like i said, i hardly ever get compliments.
i wish i could afford this stuff
it's not too bad
i dont have that problem yet
this does not bother me at all
i truly didn't see immediate results
decided to try it anyway
i can't wait to see what it will do in the long-term
it wasn't really moisturising enough
what i don't like is the pump.
if you can afford it
if you're expecting a miracle in jar
i mean that in an amazing way
im not a person to recommend much
this is so good i almost can't stand it!
outclasses everything else i've ever tried!
do not have much of a problem with lines
i just wish it wasn't as expensive
do not yet see changes
did feel changes immediately
it does everything it promises.
i don't know why it would make me look thinner
a miracle, i tell you!
this one did not do that.
i simply had to for this
this does the trick
does not sit well under makeup
it feels like it's not there
i must say it's the only face cream i have ever been completely satisfied with
i do not have any problems with it except that it is a little pricey
which i can't say about a lot of creams i have tried previously
it does everything it claims to do
there weren't any products on the market that could help me
this does it like no other
on days where there is well enough cloud cover that i know i don't have to think about it
is enough for all my face
best of all i did not break with pimples or gave any sensitivity
i don't know about that
as you can see ladies i could not find anything negative about my new love
you will not regret give a try
i don't even need foundation with this
i mean the amount of the product
it does the job
the people who work at sephora don't seem to be big fans of the product
i could not find anything that would make my skin smooth
i do want to point out that this is 1
i can't see any improvement yet
you do not need to use a lot
i hardly react to things
i know i probably shouldn't
whatever it is, it works!
i did like the shiseido
it did not help with my fine lines
wouldn't go a day without these
this eye cream did it for me.
have nothing bad to say though
you don't have to use much at all.
my makeup never cakes anymore
however, i was not too crazy with the packaging.
i did not notice any difference when using this product
i didn't have any issues with it.
i don't need to use much at all
it is not for me
i recommend it to anyone!
although maybe not for dark circle reduction
those don't do anything
which is a huge deal since i can't seem to stick to one br
dont need to use much.
i decided to just go for rich
the only thing reason why i didnt give it 5 stars is because it starting to "peel"
i didn't want anything too harsh on my skin
tried it before i knew exactly all that it did
this was a lot of money to spend on something i wasn't convinced would work
i could tell the difference right away
i don't have them
did not do anything to decrease the look of my fine lines from dryness
for that reason i don't think its the ideal product for me
doesn't do anything for my fine lines
i didn't have any issues at all
my make-up didn't run
you don't need much of it
t is hard to tell if it has any affect on that
it's the only way for us to find what works for us
it's not so great for fine lines, however.
i can definitely see how it's a problem
it's not a problem if you have an extra 5 minutes before you apply makeup
t's not really the fault of this particular eye cream
" which doesn't really help the situation
which didn't even do much for me
i do not like the packaging.
at first i didn't notice anything too special about this eye cream
i didn't notice any difference
i recommend this to anyone and everyone.
you couldn't tell by looking at my eyes
i do not see any dark circles too obviously either
my lines do not st
it wasn't anything serious
i just wish it weren't so expensive.
that is why my skin
i don't know if my skin got used to it or if i've just gone as far as i can with this product
i no longer see a difference between when i use it or don't
i really didn't want to try it because i thought it would be too expensive for me
not something i wanted to become addicted to
my skin wasn't bad before necessarily
at 71 i know what i am talking about.
was not sure what to expect
i do not find that serums seem to do much
not only did it not break me out or irritate my skin at all
this is a must to have if you want clear
that's not my opinion
i just don't know if it did anything to my overall appearance
how it does it i don't know
if you can afford it
i can't recommend this enough
for those who suffer from breakouts i'll let you know it didn't give me any
firstly, let me say that this is not a serum.
this did not break me out
i don't know why, but this cleared my acne up.
when i did try it
whatever you think is wrong with your skin
bad news, you will never find it.
i can honestly say that they have made a difference in my skin
i couldn't ask for more!!
i would recommend this to anyone who is about to give up on the notion of clear skin
why do you use makeup?
i mean i've tried other br
i can't wait to see how my skin looks after continued use of this
i can't say enough good things about this
not sure if the product is supposed to help with redness though
i can't believe the results i'm seeing
i just wanted to say that i don't use this product my self
i dont know what is in this product
upon curiosity of what else there was out there
there is no way it's that good
i can't wait to see what happens the longer i use it
i just cant believe this product is such an amazing
lets just say i was more than hesitant to try this as i am a die hard perricone skin care user
it does what it says.
even if i don't
people have been asking me what i have been doing
"experts" may not agree with that idea
you can never go wrong with dior
you don't have to wonder if it's working
it actually does them now
you don't have to use much either
i also love that it didn't burn my skin
i do not require as much
i don't even wear foundation now
i can't go on enough about how much i love this product
wish did more so stopped using
truth is should keep using so can do it's job
your skin will look flawless you may not even need foundation anymore
if you need it and can afford it: get it.
i cannot tell whether it actually makes any difference in the results of the other products i use
it's a miracle product i tell you.
did not make me break-out
i won't go without it
i did not think this product could possibly be as good as these reviews would suggest
you know what i mean
i would like to know if im applying too much because my make up looks caky today
i do see a difference
this product did not make me break out
nor did it stop the breakouts either
it does all it says
i know some people complain of the smell
it didn't affect me at all
i wonder why did i wait so long
this one has not
it is actually just right
i don't know what's in it
didn't think it was anything to write home about
unless i knew it somehow worked
not only does it go on light
it does exactly what it claims to do
i never can seem to put it on at night
in 2 weeks i did not have not one pimple
i guess it really does increase cell turnover
i don't even think about my face!
didn't irritate at all
i did not expect it to make the difference it has
does exactly what he says it will
want to see how it does when used twicee a day
i dont have any wrinkle problem
i never thought that one could justify paying that money for a cleanser
it's enough to drive me crazy because i've never had to deal with this before in my whole life
i would highly recommend this product to anyone who is frustrated with trying everything out there with no results
it lasts because you do not need a lot of it
i believe this was exactly that
i didn't break out from this cream either which is a plus
why, why, why did i try this product.
i wish i could afford it.
what i found interesting was that i did not get any pimples whilst using it
did not work for me
just not enough for my skin
was afraid that this cream would be too heavy --
i dont think that they underst
i didn't want to review one
not the other so here i am
i don't know why someone would need such a huge jar of eye cream to begin with?
i couldn't figure out what it was
not only for obvious reasons
not as quickly as you'd like
even though it's not cheap
i don't want to miss an application time
there's no way that all of us have a bad batch
that's the only think i don't like
i got a sample of this because i didn't want to blow $98 on something that i wasn't sure i liked
it seems to do it's job
since i don't have aging skin i'm not sure how well i'll be able to tell when results show
the product is so amazing you won't even care
i don't really notice a smell to it.
i don't think i could go without it now
that's how much i love this product
and it won't help me, nor does it help anyone.
no one can change my mind about it
this product does it all
do not be afraid to buy due to the so-called smell
it is not as bad as everyone says
you cannot go wrong
while i do not have any crazy wrinkles yet
the smell is not that bad
not to mention pricey too
i can see a difference
it's really not that bad at all
i didn't even notice until about 3 weeks in
didn't want to spend that kind of money without trying it out first
do not let the smell stop you from using it.
it works so well that it doesn't matter
i cannot afford to be without it
although if i have one complaint is that it smells
i apparently have missed the smell that everyone complains about?
hardly notice the smell anymore
honestly this product gives me incentive to do so
this doesn't bother me at all
who never notices anything
the fine lines would be worse if i didn't use it.
i just say thank you
we all know the reason
this primer does what it is suppose to do.
it seemed to happen overnite
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
this does not smell good however it works so well that i am willing to overlook it
can't say it has done anything to improve the dark circles yet
work so well that i would not want dr perricone to change a thing about this eye creme
if you want an eye cream that does it all this is it
otherwise it would have been 5* for sure as i have never used anything
i did see results
perricone could do something about the smell
i wish it would change
i would hate for people not to buy the product based on the reviews saying it's unbearable
didn't even notice this morning
this might not be the product for you
some people might not like the smell so do give it a wiff before buying
thatâ€™s why i use even though it smells bad
iâ€™m careful not to let myself run out of it
it does not bother my eyes at all
can't say enough great things about this product
not sure about the price though.
definately should sleep alone with this one on.
mine doesn't really smell like much of anything
can't really justify the price...
you do not need much
i wasn't expecting much from this product.
i don't think so
didn't break me out, doesn't smell
doesn't make me break out
it doesn't change the consistency at all
i can't believe that this somehow missed my attention
it doesn't take much to cover my whole face.
i love the fact that it's an all in one
after 5+ years of using i can say it does would it promises
doesn't do me any real favors
it does the job
people can't believe that i am over 30--whenever i put this on
it's just what i need
only reason why i didn't give it 5 stars is because i do feel it's too heavy to be used in the summer
what more can you ask for?
i don't know how they do it
now i can't imagine using anything else
i didn't realize how much i needed it until i ran out
i really like this product because it did not make me break out
but i like the fact that is has spf 30.
but it does its job.
the wind does nothing to my face
overall i cannot say that it does all the things that it claims to do
i'd say three out of five is not bad
product that does what it says
desperate to find a moisturizer that did what i needed
which is exactly what i need
really can't say enough good stuff about it
i don't wear any foundation anymore which a year ago i thought i wouldn't dare to go out without makeup
i will not longer use anything else
nothing from fab has ever bothered my skin.
this one did not
it doesn't really smell like anything which i find to be a bonus
that's when i need it most
wasn't sure at first whether to get it or not
although i said it's not greasy
it's a shame becuase so many products with spf use that
make sure it's something else
you do not see the difference right away
if you are not sure about this product
i do not need to wear as much makeup as i used to
i can't say enough about how great this lotion is
i can't really say its helped to clear up my skin
doesn't break me out
does not contain the awful
its not a bad product
trust me i've tried just about all of them
this one does none of those things
the fact that i can't see how much product is left
also, it does not have spf anything.
what more can i say than i didn't already say in my title?
why do i need it
i personally don't mind the scent.
it's been a week, and i'm so glad i did.
i can't wait to try more of this line!
you really don't need much
this does exactly what it says it will!
not going to kill your skin
i can't put into words how much i love this product
it doesn't break me out which is most important
don't get me wrong, i really like this cleanser.
which i do still love
but it does not remove make up!!
not anymore thanks to this stuff
which makes me break out even more lol
not only did it get me off of proactiv without my skin having a total freak out
which it did not have before
not bad for the amount
ren hasnt failed me yet!
doesn't break it out
did not make the situation worse
the only issue i had was that it didn't do a great job of removing makeup
i would really recommend anyone suffering from skin issues to give this a try
i really can't argue
i will not know what to do!!
bay yet was not so harsh
please don't ever stop carrying this!!
thankfully, it's still here!
i can't say enough how much i love this moisturizer
whenever i try something else
i like this product but don't love it.
it does the job it is supposed to do
it will do wonders
it is not harsh
since i have started using it i don't anymore
the only thing that i don't like too much is the smell
a must-have if you haven't tried yet
we had a long talk about how to combat my acne
i recommend you try it
if i didn't wear makeup
not sure if it's because i've just finally grown out of the acne stage or if it's really this product
don't think it does anything for my pores.
i wasn't sure what to make of it at first
i really like this product however i don't know if i'll be repurchasing
you can see how much product you have left
it isn't some miracle
it's still not perfect by any means
this is a can't live without product for me.
it does what it says
it does look like it's going to last me a while so we'll see :
i didn't like it at first
i would reccomend it to everyone
i didn't think i had sensitive skin before this
now knowing i do
i can tell it's doing something
would recommend this to everyone !
i send everyone to sephora who asks what's my secret
i even use it with the clarisonic
yet it does combat my breakouts
this didn't irritate it at all
that does not compare to this at all
does not break out my skin.
can't remember what i really thought about it before this
i don't use it all over my skin anymore
it did not make me break out
does not cause any break outs
cannot say enough good things about this!
i do not mind as i do not break out
not sure how well it actually does against fighting blemishes though
you know what i mean?
want to make sure it is safe without certain ingridents i don't like
i don't know what it is about this stuff
it is enough to make it not produce oil
i can't begin to say how much i love this product
i don't ever see myself switching from this.
to say i am in love with this product
this is one product that does not irritate my skin
i personally use this as a night cream since there is no spf in it
the only thing i don't like about the product is the pump as it's a bit difficult to control the amount that comes out
doesn't break me out more.
it did it's job
i dont think this product is suppose to do this
this didn't make my makeup move around either.
since it didn't cause acne
i cannot recommend this enough.
if you need something light
i didn't break out
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars
gonna make me break out
never thought it would happen.
everything else stated above
seriously went from breakouts to hardly any
what does it do for me?
when i do get them
this does not break me out
not with this product
i don't break out either
i couldn't help myself
my main point: it does what it says it will do
not only does it do all of these things
i honestly don't think i ever have.
i can't believe how well this works.
i would recommend this to anyone.
you won't ever want to use anything else again
i can't wait to put this stuff on at night
the clearcalm cleanser to see if it would make a difference
it hasn't hurt it either
it does exactly what it says it does.
not as bad as before
i don't expect a moisturizer to do that really
ren has created a product thats precisely what i needed
where you wonder if it's actually going to do anything
i wasn't expecting much from this product
it does what it claims
see all the gross stuff youâ€™re supposed to be able to see
i would try something else
i did not line the mask the fist time because it hurted so bad
it doesn't hurt that way and came off easy.
it didn't get as many blackheads as i thought it would
i did notice a difference in my skin
not what i imagined but satisfying.
didn't bring out as many blackheads as i had imagined
this mask did not meet my expectations
i'd say this is the one
just not the one i wanted
i don't know how i feel about it yet
you can put it far from your eyes if you want.
i think there is a misconception about what the mask does though
seriously its not like all those videos make it seem
i didn't find it painful at all
i didn't have any breakouts
you can find them anywhere
i do see results when i use this.
i can't recommend it more.
doesn't hurt at all.
i even got my husb
he didn't have a problem with it either
none if them did as good of a job as this one has
didn't really pay much attention to it
maybe it's not for everyone since some reviews are that it doesn't work
don't forget you can try a product
return it if it isn't for you
i recommend you try!
he is not use to that
and it didn't break me out.
i can't say how it does for anti aging since i've only used it two weeks
i just don't want it on my skin
i can see a difference
this doesn't give me any issues
i did not really notice a huge difference
cant find that one any more
you won't regret it
also, i loved that i did not breakout from this!
not expecting much, i tried it as a primer.
this one did not
that was honestly to be expected considering my skin type
how that might not be for everybody
have tried a number of them without finding anything i love
it does all it promises to do
doesn't bother me at all
i could see why it might bother some
this product does everything it claims!
guess i shouldn't use it at night
i don't love it then
otherwise, i really do like the cream.
all i can say is that since using it i often get compliments on my skin
"i can't believe you are 58
what do you do to your skin?"
what more could you want?
i didn't know what to do
i can't believe my eyes
i can't tell you how insane my skin transformation has been just using the truth revealed cream twice a day
it's the only thing i use now.
i can't thank ole enough for giving me skin that i've never had in my life
it doesn't cause a reaction
haven't touched anything else since
i say mostly because i find that on the days that i properly wash
i just wish it didn't smell so awful
so that's a step i don't need with this product
can't say enough good things about it.
what it does to my face
it's great alone or under make up.
i like this about it
that's what i do
don't get me wrong
but to not have an spf is a huge caveat for me.
reason for not giving it 5 stars
this is what i recommend when people ask me what i use
it does exactly what it says
let me tell you
wanted to know what i was using
what woman doesn't want to hear that?
would definitely say you get a bang for your buck with this
i do notice the change on my skin
which doesn't happen that much
it's too early to tell if this is going to have any lasting effects
it doesn't make me break out.
i can not stop using it
i didn't notice too much.
it's difficult for me to get the absolute last drop of the product
i normally do not like clinique products
tried something else for awhile
if others notice this working it must be more obvious than i can tell on my own
stick to night time wear and you won't go wrong.
not only does my face feel
clinique does not train us to claim that
if you want to h
not even think twice
could not see any difference to my skin
all you ladies out there, please try this!
i can't say yet that it has made them disappear
they can't identify what it is
so the price isn't as bad as it seems
can't say if it really delivers what it promises to
why not give it a try
you will see a difference
can't say enough about this
i can even go without makeup
not that there is anything wrong with them
i cannot speak to anti-aging as i do not yet have wrinkles
i didn't know anything about the product prior to purchase
which is not something i do normally
i can say that i really like.
honestly can't write anything bad about
i love the product, the smell doesn't bother me.
the only thing that bothers me is the pump in this bottle
it should not disappoint
if you are younger why are you even trying this???
you never know what kind of treasures you will come across
none of them work miracles
i tried this frankly because the price seemed reasonable
it didn't promise too many miracles
i wish i could say i saw improvement in 'smile lines' around the mouth
am thinking this may not be powerful enough for those
lets just say there is not a single product in this world that i can actually use the word love for
i won't go without it.
i can't write a bad review cause i'm sure that they will work for others
believe it or not
i can't go a night without it.
you won't need to apply much of it
i guess that makes up for the cost.
this is not for you
try it - you won't be sorry.
please try this you will never be sorry.
i am not sure that i have used this long enough to give a proper review
i don't like this one
i did not find that it helped with lines
i still give it 5 stars because it does what i want it to do
they were not soothing like this one
i can't stop using it
i can't wait to get this stuff on my face each am
so much so that i kindof want to try the regular face cream even though i probably don't need it
this product does the trick.
unless i find something i like better
you might not want to buy this product just because of its scent
if you are okay with it
you do not need to use much
can't wait to try more from this line.
i don't mind spending lots of change for something that works :
i don't think those qualify as "fine" at this point
it's not a "cure" but i do love how it feels.
either they wouldn't work at all or they would work wonders
no matter what i tried
i didn't have a lot of hope for this product
can't wait to try other products from this br
and did i forget to mention how big the jar is ?
you really don't need much at all
this is not heavy nor does it break me out
i never thought i would pay this much for a moisturizer
you don't have to use a lot
my face didn't break out like other moisterizers i've tried
it was not rich enough for me in the winter
it doesn't bother me
this has everything i want
i get asked all the time what i use
not anymore since using this moisturizer.
the only thing i don't love about this product is the price
murad must be doing something amazing in their labs because it's the only br
if you can afford it
what i love about this is you don't need much at all
don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
just a tip: if you try this
i wish i can post a picture of how little amount we get
even if it didn't it would still be totally worth the $72
it's not going to change your skin
it doesn't claim to do that
i do not use this in the am as my moisturizer because i don't like how my foundation sits on top of it
i can't get enough
if they aren't going to work for me that's usually why
i know this isn't meant for the eyes
you don't need much either it's been 3 months
it has given me a radiance that i didn't expect.
i do not have breakout prone skin
i took off one star because it doesn't really do much else other than moisturize
does not make me break out
this does just that.
this is never a problem
now i will never buy anything else
you'd never know it because of this product
i love everything about it but the price point.
you don't have to use a lot
luckily, that was not the case at all.
i got this because it was the only cleanser i could find that does not say to avoid the eye area
pumping once wasn't enough for me since i like to make sure i am using enough product
i would say why not, give it a try.
this does not hurt your eyes at all so you can take makeup
a few people have said that it doesn't remove makeup well
i will never use anything else.
this does not take off all of my eye makeup
my only disapointment is that it is almost has no smell at all
i am not switching to anything else.
i wish that it wasn't so pricey
i can't speak for the rest that didn't work for them
thank goodness for samples because if i had not got one
i wouldn't use it morning
even though i won't be using it
this did not work for me anymore
i did not breakout to this.
why haven't i ever tried this?!
guess it was time.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
$58 surely is over doing it
you don't need much to go all over your face
i honestly recommend this to everyone
i don't think anything can ever help/prevent that
i decided why not
didn't look greasy whatsoever
i didn't think it was going to work for me at all
can't live without it
none have ever had the effects this one did
while this seems to do the job
i can see a difference
have not broken out or anything at all
light but does the job.
i actually like it
probably wouldn't buy it as a day cream
if you know what i mean
but now that i have, i do love this product.
you do not have to use very much
the smelll does not linger
i cannot get enough
i didn't really like it
simply can't live without it.
in fact if you over do it you may get greasy
it does not have any smell which will not make eyes uncomfortable
can not imagine going without it
i can not tell you how many products i have used that you spend a fortune on just to have your concealer
which is not cheap either
it does what it says
this eye cream does exactly what it says
doesn't leave anything behind!
it is not enough by itself
you need hardly any product to get the job done-
this would be 5 stars if i wasn't upset at paying this much for such a small amount
all i can say is thank you!!
i didn't know what they were
i didn't start using this cream expecting it to do anything for them
i didn't realize how dry they use to be until i started using this
which this did not do anything for
i couldn't even take a selfie without having to photoshop the lines out of my eyes anymore
i notice when i do not use it.
this didn't irritate them at all
it was good enough i didn't return it
it's now to the point where i can barely see them
this one really does the trick for what i want
this doesn't bother them either
i don't know if i've just been using it too long
it doesn't work as well as it use to in the beginning which is why i gave it 4 stars
at my sephora they don't carry it
i don't know why i love this stuff
i love it anyway
you will love it
this one did not!
it won't do much for circles or lines
not sure it's doing anything for my crows feet
thought why not see if an eye cream would solve my issue
not that it claims too
found it didn't help at all
can't go with out
have used nothing else since
i definitely do not regret it
stop thinking about it and just buy it!
it does everything that the description says.
i didn't buy it for that purpose
this product does not do that
now that i've tried this one i feel like i can't ever use anything else
ever since i started using this soap i can't live without it
doesn't seem to break me out anymore than my usual
cannot ask for anymore than that
got exactly what i wanted
you don't have to use much
i don't think i'll ever buy any other cleanser
it's very smooth does not take much
you don't need to use much at all
you'd be surprised at how much sticks to the inside
this product does not cause
seriously...what's not to love?
the only thing i don't like is the smell
so let me tell you
but this one actually does!
i can say that it is my all time favourite skin care product
it's expensive but i won't ever be without it.
sadly it doesn't work for me anymore
not sure yet if it's worth the price yet.
you won't regret it
i can't even think of one bad thing to say about this moisturizer
it doesn't break me out
plus you don't really want a high amount of spf in there anyways
she didn't want to change it
i can't even tell its on
can't wait to buy another!
i simply can not live without this lotion
i wear it alone if i'm going without makeup.
doesn't make me break out
nothing works the way this does
can't go without it
i don't think he'll ever stop
okay the price tag is ridiculous
im not even half way done with it
i don't know what bobbi puts in this
let me tell you
there's essentially nothing wrong with this product itself
the only bad reviews on here say that it includes oil when it says it's oil free
i do believe it is oil free or they say it broke them out which i think it's probably out of every 200 ppl who try this likely one is going to say they think it broke them out
i don't know if this is what was the cause
don't let that stop you from buying it
i won't lie i thought it was just too darn pricey
doesn't feel like anything is on my face
doesn't break me out
it does not make me break out
i know everyone else has said it does not work well for them
you do not need a lot of the product.
this one is for when you are gonna go ham
i didn't break out which was my main worry.
i can't wait to see what this does to my skin over time
this might not be for you
i know it's not meant as a night cream
i've never tried something like it.
can't wait to see how my skin looks after using it for awhile
and you don't need to use much at all.
this does not do that at all
one of the few moisturizers that did not break me out
doesn't make me break out
i don't know how
i can't get enough of this stuff!
definitely didn't need another one
i couldn't lie to myself anymore
im not sure if i would buy it myself cause it is so expensive
i did not break out.
and did not turn red.
i don't know what it is about this
this also does not break me out
no in-betweens here
a little goes a long way so don't let the sticker price deter you
i don't even have to touch up anymore!!
do it you won't be sorry
not to mention attempting to avoid way too many products on my face just to get to makeup application
i can't be without it
and can we please talk about the fragrance!!
can't live without it
i don't even use a face primer anymore
this doesn't cause me to breakout out at all
i cannot love this enough.
i don't think it necessarily prolongs my foundation wear
the only think that i don't like is the smell
when i first bought this i was using some bargain drug store foundation that isn't being made anymore i guess because i found it at big lots
i can't find it anywhere else anymore
that dumb cheap foundation my face had literally never looked better
it didn't take me long to underst
that those comments were surely deserved
would recommend this to everyone!!
wouldn't be without it
i will say this
i do not think it helps my makeup last longer
say they use it under another primer
the only reason i'm not giving it five stars is because i didn't love it by itself
no matter what primer
i don't think it makes my make up last longer per say
i wish i were kidding when i said it's one of the best parts of my day
i couldn't ask for more.
not with this primer!!
i regret not getting it sooner
not to say its not good
not all the time
like i have no makeup on at all
however not everyone will love it
don't expect this to help
see how that goes
i can't live without this in winter.
i don't think i'll use anything else.
don't have enough good things to say about this product
couldn't imagine anything would replace that
only thing i don't like is the price.
not sure why they do that?
i actually like it
the scent doesn't last long in my opinion
i know it is because of this face oil.
which i can't even bring myself to downstar it over
i do not like the packaging.
i really hope sephora wouldn't make such a mistake
but i was wrong!
i can't recommend this face oil enough.
thank you, bobbi brown (please, never change).
that's not the case with this face oil
can't be without it.
if you are anything like me
does not break me out
not to mention it can
i will see how it does in the heat
that is not the case
i wish i could cover my whole body in it!
not sure if it did anything for my dark circles
which is the only reason i didn't switch to it from my usual eye cream
if it's any consolation people still ask me if i'm in my twenties
i personally don't mind that
i love this product so much i had to comment
must have can't live without.
thanks bobbi, you never disappoint.
how did i ever live without it???
none of them have worked the way this one does!
this isn't for you probably
it seems as though i can never get enough moisture
this does the trick
i won't use anything else.
i definitely notice a difference when i don't use it :
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
amen no longer the case
couldn't live without it!
you hardly need any to cover your entire eye area so you're definitely getting your money's worth
i really didn't want to pay this much for an eye cream
it doesn't take long
it really does do what it promises
the only thing i can complain about is the price
i would say this is great for those 40 years
i don't think i'll ever use any thing else.
i can already tell a difference
i didn't get this for fine lines
this is not for everyone.
you don't need much
try it for 90 days and see if you don't agree.
if you do not read directions as i do not
i did not experience any problem when i put on cheeks
so maybe you can save money somewhere else
do not let it slide beyond it because it does irritate your skin
i dont use it at night, just under the makeup.
what can i say?
just wish they weren't so pricey...
hate to see what i would look like if i did not use it
i didn't realize how much i needed
you can't notice it at all
i can not be without this...it literally.
i mean it can not b without it.. buy ot try it.
there are so many products out there that don't do what they say they will do
this isn't one of them
it does exactly what it says it will.
this product does the job though
it does not diminish all lines that's why i rated a 4
it does what it says it will do.
it does everything that it describes it to do.
you will not think you are using enough-
this is a product i would not only recommend
i would recommend this to everyone!
do not seem to have a problem with the white stuff
it doesn't take much to achieve results.
it did not work
nothing you "can't h
i believe this was $448
(if people would read them, they'd see that!
it does everything it claims!!
you'll know immediately if you like it or not
if you do it right your face will look flawless
i personally am a little hesitant to do the damp cloth because of not wanting to rub the product off the face you pay so much for the product to begin with why waist it
i must have used exactly the right amount
i wish it didn't work as well because it's yet another pricey product i'm obsessed with
it takes some work to figure out how to not get a residue
use half of what you think you should use.
no one would ever know
all i can say is wow
i am not sure what the difference is
they seem the same
you just have to use it exactly as they say you should
you will have the same experience i did
this product did not hurt me or create any redness what so ever
i couldn't see my lines
this product does exactly what it says it will do
this product did not budge
it didn't even look like i'd been crying
it doesn't take much, either.
all the injectables didn't last as long as they were suppose too
you cannot put anything
they do exactly what they say they will do
it delivers what it says it will do for your face
this is a product that does what it says it will
you do have to work with this
you'll have to play with it to find what works for you
i hope this review doesn't scare anyone away because this is a great temporary solution for a beautiful
you will love it
i couldn't believe how my skin responded
i want to clear up any misconceptions
how some people say it cannot be used with a moisturizer is crazy
it does what it promises
can't imagine being without it
this product does exactly what it says it will do
i tell you what
what do you know
a product that actually does what it claims
if it's ever not produced
i do not wash off
this does exactly what it claims to do
it does exactly what it says it will do.
could not believe the results
you don't have to be over 40 to appreciate what this product does
if you use a lot of this
dont be without it
can't live without this!
this product definetly does exactly what it claims to do
you can do your whole face or just certain areas.
as everyone else said in reviews if you apply to much you will get the white residue
does exactly what it says.
you do need time to do this right.
it didn't go away completely
it does what it says it does
for those who are complaining of the white resedue it's becasue they are using to much
i did not expect this to work
but this actually works!
i do not use it on my entire face
all i can say is wow
i could not believe how fast it worked.
i did not have a white film as others have
this product does what it promises.
i honestly didn't think it would do anything
unfortunately that oil doesn't work well for me anymore
my coworker didn't know my age
my skin does not react badly to it
can't tell yet if it firms my skin maybe too early only about a week
doesn't make me break out
this does what it claims
it's not magic so don't expect results in one day
my only problem is why did sephora take such an outst
i probably would not have even tried it if the rep at the store hadnâ€™t given me a sample
i would not use anything else
that's not why i use it
can't really speak to that
oh, and not that dry anymore.
i just don't get it.
just because it's sensitive doesn't mean everyone will have the same experiences
this did exactly what it said.
if may not work for everyone
this did not aggravate my face
did not break me out
it's actually surprised me
it still does the job
if you do get this keep it far from your eyes.
not sure if this is supposed to do anything along these lines
no clue if anyone else has experienced this or if this has anything to do with it
it's just something i've noticed
it does the job
it doesn't wow me neither in texture nor effect
this is not the case!
nothing i could find helped me at all
i would recommend this to everyone i know.
i couldn't really tell
this product didn't upset the natural order of things at all
the only reason for 4 stars it does seem it isn't all the way full :/ other than that it's great
not sure if that's what it's supposed to do
i don't want to try out anything else
i just wanted to make everyone aware that you are paying 18 bucks more for this product
want to make you aware because its not cool that sephora is ripping people off by this much
i would still recommend trying it because if it does work for you its an amazing product
it does not irritate or break me out
i don't know what it is about this moisturizer
there's something special about this
this seems to be the only product that doesn't make me break out
didn't find any problems with it
i recommend it for anyone who wants glowing skin
the funny thing is i haven't even tried it on my face yet
it's doing its job.
i don't think i would use this in the summer
nothing you can't h
there are some negative comments i think every skin is so different everyone can't have same results
the only thing that can h
i don't know if i'll repurchase the product because i want to get my h
the only reason i gave four stars is because i can't st
i wish they could do something about it
this is exactly what i need.
i honestly didn't know how much i loved this product
it certainly isn't harming my face
doesn't break me out
it does not irritate my skin or break me out.
just wish it weren't so expensive
i do like the product
just didnt work for what i wanted tho
i dont have time for that
if you can afford it
i immediately had to buy it even though it's so pricey
this product really did what it says it would do.
tht i would just have to deal with it
can't tell if i broke out because of it or not.
it does not cause break outs
quickly realized it could not compare
it does everything promised
the fact that it doesn't make me breakout
somehow my skin just didn't feel as firm
wouldn't cause me to break out
i wasn't really sure what all that meant
while i can't be sure
all i can say is that i keep buying this product.
i hope it's doing all it claims to do
i did notice the difference in a week
i didn't have any lines
even though i take care of my skin
so that doesn't help
i don't need foundation
this seriously made me not need it
which i can hardly ever say
not sure if it's helped
all i have to say is wow!
honestly wasn't sure what to expect
what i liked about it is that it doesn't smell
what i don't like is that it doesn't cover completely
not under or over anything
not enough for it to bother me
i could tell the difference on my skin
that's why i gave this product 4 stars instead of 5
i didn't use it long enough to assess its long-term effect on my skin though
i think it's too soon to tell if this product is all it claims to be
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
so i figured i'd try it out.
pt does not break me out
we'll see how that goes
i can't say enough good things about it.
i suppose it's worth it solely because of the fact that my skin is smoother
i don't know how it works but it works for me.
maybe i would because it's that good
wasn't sure about using it
not sure about the long term
that really expensive cream didn't do anything for breakouts
said why not try it
do not have many lines
it did not do that
this one didn't cause me any problems
keep trying until you find the amount that's right for you
i do agree that the product inside is not great
nobody asked me if i'm tired anymore.
didn't have to use my fingers
he didn't know i had purchased this product.
a price you can't beat too.
works as it's supposed to.
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
am not 100% sure which product is making the difference
although i didn't find it helped with that
am happy to report that although it does not take all of the puffiness away it does reduce it by about 75%
by no means is it a miracle but it does help.
this one is not
try it, you won't regret it!
i couldn't believe the difference!
i don't think this product is a "game changer"
it doesn't really seem to do that
i love using this because it does what it says it will
it does an ok job of that
s that didn't work i thought why not try it
i wouldn't say this product is a miracle
neither of which are bothered by this
i figured for the price why not, at $14.
well i have to say it does what it claims.
i don't know if it actually does anything for eye puffiness
i can't imagine my life before it!
can't imagine my life without it!
i will problaby never use anything else.
it does exactly what it says it will do
don't take me wrong
"don't worry if you don't like it
doesn't do anything for my eye circles
i will say not to expect miracles.
can't get enough of this
did not do one thing
let me say that it works miracles
has not let me down.
i am not sure i would call this product "instant
i cant leave the house in the morning without this thing
although it did not clog my pores it did not minimize them
i just couldn't afford to keep purchasing it
maybe it's just me
just a shame it didn't continue to work for me as such
it's what i've been needing
that nothing else could fix
what she said was 100% true
didn't react at all
believe when i say it is so subtle
i can't explain it.
i hope they didn't make it smell like that on purpose
i love how think it applies
i wasn't so sure about it
nothing did the trick
you don't need a lot
it does the job
it would just bother me to get a sephora br
it does what it claims to.
this one i could afford.
this does the trick.
i didn't find it to be greasy at all.
i wasn't expecting anything really
will not make you breakout
can't wait to have the full version of this product
i don't know why.
it's fairly expensive i thought i'd try something else
i am about to order a new one because i don't think i can try anything else out after this
i can't get enough!!!
not only did this moisturizer not break me out
i can't say enough great things about this product
i honestly have no idea what i would do if sephora ever stopped producing any part of this line
you can't go wrong.
find it does everything it says
i didn't have very high hopes
do not works as an eye's cream
it does the job.
i never use moisturizer because it normally breaks me out-not this one
i couldn't believe it.
it hasn't made me breakout, either.
i didn't realize how amazing the shiseido eye cream was until i stopped using it
you shouldn't expect an overnight cream to fix something that could've been prevented
however with an exception of people with skin issue that they can't control
i would recommend this to anyone.
i wanted to not like this for $130
does not really live up to it's claims in my opinion
i hate to say it
it's nice to buy something that actually does what it says
she couldn't believe the difference from the cream
i do not use alot on my eye area
not sure why you couldn't use the benefiance for these areas too
so i figured.. what the hay!
which i knew i would get
so far don't regret the purchase at all!
it's really the only one you need
i honestly see results
i heard that you have to prevent them
i love it so much i should probably just buy the full thing
which is probably still true
that doesn't leave your eyes look worse on a day that you forget to put it on
it does the trick
wish it wasn't so pricey
i don't find that it has much of a smell at all
so maybe you should too
if you've tried everything
this one doesn't have that property
you will love this
i love when i find a product that does what it says it will do
i can't see myself spending $99 for
if you're not sure about it
the only bad thing is the price.
or just not as pricey.
i can't say that it is a "miracle cream"
it's the only one i'll recommend to my friends.
i can't wait to use this every day to see the long term effects
this is the one that truly did the job
who doesn't really notice much about my appearance
or at least doesn't comment on it
the only thing it does not do is take down puffiness
the pump does put out too much if you're not careful
this is the only one i actually like
i decided to try it on thinking what the heck do i have to lose
from what i do know about this product
i don't like the fact that it's in a pump dispenser as you are never able to get all the cream out
some people say the design is bad
this eye cream is the only one that i have found that actually works for me
well, what do i expect at my age?
they are not as bad as before
can't do without this product.
i simply haven't found anything else that compares
this is one product i could not live without
can honestly say it's the best product on the market because it's all natural
did not absorb quickly nor do anything like the first bottle did
i don't think i will ever use another eye cream!
it does what it says
no problem spots on my face anymore
i can see why because the eye cream
do, i presume, it brightens, too.
don't even buy a eye primer anymore
it just because i don't want to age!!!
i love it and would recommend it for anyone.
i can't wait to try more of caudalie's line now!
considering how well it's works
won't name it here
didn't realize i wore that much until i used this stuff
i like it, but i'm not sure if it's worth $40.
it didn't even come close to doing for me what this product has done
i won't miss you.
not breaking me out
this one does it all ladies
i really don't know what else to say
not the case anymore.
for some reason nothing else worked
i don't need much either.
from all the great reviews figured for what it's worth maybe i'd give it a try
it's glad that i did.
didn't think i would like it
great whether you are applying makeup over it or not
it does not have a strong smell either
thought probably not enough
doesn't break me out
doesn't cause me to break out
this cream didn't break me out at all
didn't break me out
i would have to do that with no moisturizer at all
doesn't make me break out
will transform your skin into everything you've ever wanted it to be
it doesn't happen often
with this product i actually can see a difference
not sure it does anything for my wrinkles
i don't mind that
i do let it absorb for about 2-3 minutes before i start applying anything else to my face
not sure yet if it worse the price yet.
didn't notice it until i read it on the product's box
it's the first moisturizer i've ever used that did not break me out
never thought about to change it
if i do say so myself
this product doesn't bother my eyes at all
must say i only tried this because the eye cream is amazing
at first i did not like the consistency
it doesn't make me look any younger
i think it does
but one thing i do not like is the scent.
it does not seem to cause me any acnes too.
it doesn't cost that much
just because you put a higher price tag on something doesn't necessarily mean it's better
i couldn't bring myself to spend the money
probably the only eye cream that i actually see a difference with
you get what you pay for
it does what it says it will.
obviously it can't compare to the other cream
i can't speak on that as my circles are not too bad
this one does not.
this product does everything it says it does.
i did like the smell though.
i think im more willing to out sans foundation now
really didn't expect much
but i think this might be it.
it's made a big difference in just a week
i don't usually do reviews, but here it goes.
got a sample because i am always trying to not buy until i make sure i don't react to it
you don't need much at all
didn't think much about it
or even try it
take years off you or anything
it doesn't bother my skin at all
i can't wait to see how my eyes looks in 4
every time i use it it looks like i got 9 hours of sleep- when i didn't
i wish it did more for my dark circles
until i was just like okay woman what did you do to your eyes
i can't put a finger on what it is
i believe this product has something to do with it
wish it wasn't so pricey.
that's why only 4 stars
i can't say i see a difference
that wasn't my intent
there are so many reasons why i love this product
it doesn't bother me or my make up
which sephora doesn't carry so can't introduce here
don't let the price scare you
just can not live without it
the container doesn't matter to me
it's the product that does the work
i finally found the perfect one that does exactly what it says it does
this is what you need
even though i love it
i couldn't decide whether to order it because it was so expensive
if it doesn't last a long time
don't know if this product helps with those
there was such huge difference that at day 5 i couldn't st
it does not irritate
it doesn't break me out
i don't know what the exact problem was
i can't explain the feel
i do think this made a difference
anyone who cares about their skin
it does what it says and then some!
can't comment on that aspect
i can't live without it
because clinique didn't seem to be as effective as it used to be
what more can i say?
really don't expect any eye cream to perform miracles
that does not happen with this product
i can't say enough about this eye gel.
if i may say so
i can't really say anything about the results.
it's just too soon
or just someone who wants to treat themselves
i can't get over this product!
i don't like the price tag so for that reason i will stick to my hope in a jar
this product did the work
it doesn't take much
it didn't do that with this moisturizer!
wasn't willing to compromise on hydration
i didn't need to use a lot.
it is pricey, but you don't need to use a lot.
one of the sales people who showed me this cream told me that i didn't need to use too much
my combination skin isn't so bad anymore
never tried anything quite like it.
yes after one use
would never pay this much on a cream unless i really could afford it
i don't think i'd ever spend $150 on this
i desperately wish it wasn't so expensive because i'd happily use this every day
this doesn't bother me at all
i don't really notice it at all
that just didn't do anything spectacular for my skin
i really didn't see what the hype was about.
doesn't just sit on my face
it's definitely a must buy!
i am taking off one star because it's not a product that i feel like i "must" use
you don't need a lot at all
you do get what you pay for
but what you pay is what you get.
t does make the skin look good
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
i would also like to say sephora is an amazing store
it's great because with the product you will know for sure if it'll work for you before you make that big purchase
you don't need to apply much at all
if it reacted to it this way then it's going to help me
whatever is in it etc
we'll see how i feel at the end of the bottle if i stick with this
can't say enough good things about it
it's still not *quite* gone
i really don't plan to ever be without this product
he usually doesn't notice anything of the sort
i really just wish is wasn't so expensive!
i don't know what it is about bamboo
it's not at all
this product did not make my combination
she said i wouldn't even need an extraction.
is doing it's job
it really does what it promises.
i don't know how they did it
i am not sure why there is alcohol in this product
i probably do not need an added eye cream
i barely need anything on my face
oh it takes too long
when it is not
wish it wasn't so expensive
cannot say enough about this product
the smell doesn't bother me at all
i can't believe the difference in my skin
while i didn't feel much tightening going on
i don't know that i'd buy it
i didn't notice a bad smell
i didn't mind it at all since i put on a creme afterward
at age 37 my blackheads were so huge i was embarrassed to even kiss anyone as that would mean they'd be up close
as i did not expect it to work so quickly
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the price
not because i don't use other products for that
it's not one of those things that u expect to work overnight
which was not really stated in the item description
if you don't have it on
then i don't notice much of a difference
we'll see in a week if it works on her or not.
just using this product alone wont help much.
i guarantee you'll fall in love with this like i have
this stuff not only did not aggravate
you can tell a difference with one use.
if it is the latter, then it does it's job!
i wasn't wearing any at all
it's not so dramatic
i don't feel hypocritical going to work anymore
trust me before i was using anything to cover all the problems
i don't have many
this is something i don't like being without.
they say i look great when i'm not even wearing any makeup
nothing can change that
this does everything it says
i didn't get one
so the fact that it doesn't shrink pores is ok with me because it does other great things
i would try it if you haven't
this one doesn't disappoint
this can't be beat
sometimes i'll notice a difference while other times it didn't seem to do anything
let me tell you this product works!
i really didn't have any high hopes
can't speak for that
it's a must have for me
i don't even need to use powder on my face anymore
you can only defy genetics so much
i can't believe my skin
they were bothering me
i can find them even i haven't used it enough 4 weeks
think you can use it in place of that
i can't wait to continue seeing the results!
i wasn't sure that it was continuing to improve anything
this is not a wiracle in a bottle
didn't think too much about using it
if it hadn't happened to me
figured i'd give it a try
i am not usually a fan of clinique
i can't believe how well it works.
it does what it says it's going to do
it's helping solve that problem
i know they'll never disappear completely
it didn't break me out
i never purchase skin care anywhere but sephora.
just try it and you will love it!
but it doesn't take much per application.
which i don't like
otherwise i do think it works
some might say it's too much
so glad to finally find a product that actually does what it claims to do
for $15, you can't go wrong!
thats when i knew it works.
i can't do without it
my neack is we're i see the must imprube
i did never comment on him i'm trying a nuw product
found out that dr perricone is right on the money with this product as i have found it to do exactly waht its supposed to do: address accelerated sins of aging
can't say i can really afford
figured iâ€™d see what all of the fuss was about with this br
this is one product that i do not want to be without
it does everything he claims!
the past few days when i look in the mirror i can't tell you how good it is to see firmer
i know they are pricey
none of the others i have tired did.
give it a try like i did
i must say that it did what it says it does
i wanted to try one jar of it
unfortunately it only works as long as you use it with regularity
t was a no brainer that i would buy this
the youthfull appearance is what i mean
thats the only reason i gave it a 4 instead of a 5
don't get me wrong
this isn't one of them
i wish it didn't work for me considering the cost
say i would never spend that kind of money
when men complment my skin thats enough for me
have not yet seen a difference
i believe products take a good 2-3 months before i can tell if it's working or not
this last winter being 32 made me start to realize i can't do this anymore
wasn't sure it would live up to the hype
don't think i've ever tried one i didn't love.
can't wait to see what happens in the months to come
i wasn't getting as many mistakes
i honestly can say that i can see a difference
i can hardly believe what i am seeing.
knowing that i could return to sephora it if i didn't care for it
and believe me i have tried them all.
however i did not need anything
not get "stuck" with it if it doesn't
if you can afford it
you should at least try this stuff
you may not see the difference
after using this product i still didn't have dark circles
i can overlook it
anything else that claims to 'do it all
now i can't live without them
which i actually like
then if you know anything about sephora's return policy?
you can absolutely trust that you're never /wasting/ money because you can return it in a heartbeat
i don't even need a primer under my foundation anymore
this did the trick
i promise you will see a difference
if for some reason you don't
i love this serum because it does exactly as promised
don't get me wrong
otherwise, i love it.
so there you have it.
it does what it claims to do
i love it and never want to be without it.
can't say enough about this product
how do i know i missed it?
she is not someone who uses a lot of products
says she won't go without it
but i guess you really get what you pay for.
i will not use any other products anymore.
does not cause breakouts
when i do use it
it is the only thing that i think actually works for aging
wasn't sure whether i had foundation on or not
not sure if it is firmer
do not mess with others this is the best!
don't believe in anything
i do not have any problems with this product
people want to know if i've changed my makeup
i do not use it in the morning
i could hardly believe it
it did not cause a break-out
i did love the product
i can't believe it!
this does not make my face break out
can not vouch yet
go for it - you won't regret it!
can't imagine i'll ever be without this product.
cant say enough good things about this product-totally worth the money
the product did not seem to absorb well
it's just not for me
although this product does not come cheap
i didn't need as much
i trusted what they had to say
so don't give up.
if you stick with it you'll likely see a change that's worth the time
that the dropper does not work well
i defnitely want to order more.
almost didn't try it when i smelled it
i didn't even plan on having it help with dark spots
the only thing i do not like in particular is the smell
there is something about it that i don't like in particular
i do it morning
yes i would say it is very expensive
you get what you pay for
would recommend this to anyone.
it does everything you would want a moisturizer to do
do not rest your face on your h
it is not a quick fix.
i love what it does not contain
it's not strong enough for me in the winter
i just wish it weren't so dang expensive!
if i did not rate it now i would forget to do so
i don't think it's bad
you get what you pay for
please fix this problem or else i'll stop buying this br
can't wait to try the other products
did not offer to send it
you don't need much
you will love it
so that's like 30.00 a month .
this does not break me out
it doesn't bother me at all
i knew this would not be cheap.
wasn't expecting to any great results from using it
i also didn't notice much if any difference between this one
however, i may try something else.
can't say enough about this product.
wont use anything else
why would i use anything else?
don't hesitate...this works.
although, i wish it didn't cost so much.
i don't know if it works long term or not
i can't give an opinion if it works cause i didn't use it long enough
i didn't notice anything
only wish it were not quite so pricey.
makes me wonder if i recieved a return
give it a try - you won't regret.
i don't ever want to run out of this!
this just wasn't really what i needed
i didn't knotice much of a difference
i should say, i think my skin is now "normal!"
i didn't know my skin could be like this
can't find anything better
sorry i ever tried to live without it!
you don't have to use a lot
i wish this stuff wasn't so expensive!
i don't know why or how
i actually got a compliment on my skin which had never happened before
i really wish i could afford to buy it :(
do not prefer that it is in a jar
i really hope they'll continue to make this product for many
not sure that it made much of a difference in my skin
i agree with them
i know i will miss it
sorry to gloat for those who didn't grab theirs before they sold out
somehow this stuff does the trick
it lasts about 5 months because you don't need to use a whole lot of it
n this case i didn't feel a big lost after giving up the more pricey
i don't break out
the only thing i don't like is the price.
i know that it's not filled all the way
i know you aren't suppose to
can't say enough about this product.
didn't break my skin out
i don't have any wrinkles yet
this one is a wonder for me!
if there even is one
i think they have one
fine lines are not there anymore
i can not tell if my face appears younger
i didn't have any of my skin care products with me
doesn't take long (a week) to see results!
was really confused as to why it didn't work for me
i didn't see any miracles
i wouldn't wanna kiss someone with it on because i'm sure they could smell it too
when i do that with this it can sting
just wish they'd changed the smell
i wasn't sure if i cared about this while using it
i forgot how bad it was!
didn't see any effect on dark circles
even if i don't
i don't know if that's because of algenist
i can definitely tell when i'm not using it
people would always comment that i looked tired even though i wasn't
did nothing for my dark circles
can't comment on that
it doesn't help my dark circles the way the cremorlab did
never use anything else because i've never found something that works this well
i don't know why i ever tried anything else!
haven't notice any change yet
it's crazy how little you need!
you'll know what i'm talking about
let me tell you
can't really tell a difference
i am not even half way there
i loved them don't get me wrong
the like aren't a big concern for me yet
you dont need much
i know this is a no no
they didn't work well on my eye
that's why i'm giving it a 4star
it doesn't take much product at all
can't attest to how it works for those problems
i don't know if i can justify that for just an eye cream
if it wasn't so expensive i would buy it in a heartbeat
it didn't happen right away
no dark circles anymore
ask a lot what products i use
i think you will find with any product you have to give it time
splurge on it you won't regret it.
i received this as a sample after mentioning to a sephora employee that i felt my clinique all about eyes just wasn't strong enough any more
didn't cause any irritation
i am not sure if it helped much with dark circles
i thankfully don't have much of an issue with those yet
i never really realize a difference until i've forgotten about it for a while
i can't attest to wrinkle repair however because i don't have any yet
if i forget to use it for even one night
remember not to give up
nothing did the trick
also assumed this wouldn't do much for me
can't even imagine how far the big size would go
i will say algenist has never steered me wrong
didn't really do anything or burned my eyes
i really cannot live without this product.
i do not have dark circles
hope it doesn't stop working
that's why i'm giving it four stars
how a little goes a long way i am wondering if i should have just waited
i actually can't stop looking at myself.
my under eyes look like they did when i was 19
i didn't notice any white powder like others did.
this product does everything it says its going to do
i literally could not believe my eyes
you owe it to yourself to try this product
i couldn't help staring at her all day because i just could not believe how amazing this stuff was
i wish i could post a picture
they didnt work even remotely as well as this did
they did not follow directions
that's just how i do it
none of them have done it for me
although it didn't eliminate entirely
i don't think anything could have
do not put makeup on over it because trust me you won't need it
i never thought i would find anything that worked as well in not only diminishing the bags
it's my secret to why people think i look so young
for the first time and all i can say is wow!!!
i've tried so many things that were supposed to work
it's not going to do permanent correction
i couldn't believe that it actually did what it says
you have to make sure you follow the directions to the "t"
it's not going to do what you want
you don't need this product
it's not that easy to make it work for your face
i think this happens when you use to much or you do not rub it in enough
or shall i say awful
i got to let you know that the effect of the product is really instant
honestly did not believe any cream will work for wrinkles
i can tell you the effect of this product lasts all day for me
anyway i wanted to see it for myself
i don't know how it works and i don't care.
this product does what it says it will.
i can honestly say i've never been as satisfied with any of them like i am with instant firmx eye
i would recommend it to any of my friends.
i can't tell you how many products i have used.
it can flake if you put too much on like she did when she first tried it
it's not a bad price for such good results
i could not believe what a difference it made
i can't even describe how i feel about this product
i do agree that it works best alone
it does say that you can mix it in with your concealer which i have not tried yet
this stuff works exactly how it says it should!
let me say that i thought i had bad under eye circles
i could not believe the change.
7 minutes for the firming stuff to do what it's going to do
this stuff will do it
this product works like a wonder
it does what it claims
not only does it work, it lasts all day.
would recommend it to anyone
it's not going to make my bags go away forever
it does exactly what it says it does.
some experimenting to make it do just what they say
maybe i appreciate it more because of my age--i want all the help i can get without resorting to surgery
give it a try... you won't be sorry
i can't even begin to tell you how much i love this product
i won't go anywhere without itnow!
it actually does what it promises to do
i could not believe the difference it made!
it's a "do" for me!
this product does exactly what the label says it should
it does not correct it; just covers it.
you won't regret it.
it doesn't sit on the skin you have to apply pressure right away or else it will fall right off
this one does not
unlike when i use nothing under my foundation
i seriously can't even explain how great this is.
you won't regret buying this at all!
no matter what else i try
i can't believe what i've been missing
it does everything they promise.
unless you applied too much or didn't smooth it out
i will say that i have put it on without any moisturizer
please do not stop making this.
this is a product i can't live without!
it doesn't bother me as it should help me to age well
can't go without it.
i hope that clinique doesn't change the formula!
it does what it describes
only thing about it is
it doesn't make it worse or break me out
doesn't make me break out either.
i hope you like it as much as i do.
even though i have tried other br
if you try this i hope you will like it as much as i do
it's almost stupid how well it works.
i actually use it as a primer
i would recommend this to anyone!
i honestly wasn't expecting this to work as well as it does
didn't really have expectations that this one would be any different
it is amazing and i can't live without it!
works unlike anything else i've ever tried
i happen to love this product even though it's not a miracle
it didn't do anything for my pores!
does exactly what it says it will do
'm aware that one product cannot do everything
it does a better job then all the others i have tried
i've tried so many mattifyers it's not even funny
i think you might be glad that you did
this product does wonders
it does what it claims to
how many products can you say this about?
i never need to use foundation or powder my nose anymore
it doesn't last long for me if i do it that way
can't live without it
or else it doesn't seem to mattify your skin as well
that's not enough time to get a proper judgement
it just wasn't cutting it
considering what else is out there
not sure why this gets some bad reviews.
that is from someone who can't st
i don't notice a difference in the product
thankfully-- 'cause i use this all the time
i don't know that it necessarily makes my pores look smaller
i can feel the difference immediately
just amazing cannot recommend this enough.
don't knock a product because you don't know how to use it
i think the formula might have changed
i wasn't sure what to expect when i ordered this
in my opinion that's probably because they didn't use it properly
otherwise it doesn't work
some will hate it
i really wish they would change the bottle because it is difficult to use without making a mess
why not everyone would like it
besides that it does the job
not only does this remove any trace of make up
it's not needed on the skin
i never realized how much makeup stays on your face if you don't use something to clean it well
this doesn't break me out which is a huge plus
yes it definitely did
y'all let me tell you this is amazing!
where does it go?
it's not on my face anymore
it does not burn or cause any discomfort at all
this is the only cleanser that does not make my face break out
i guess this isn't for everyone.
have not yet found anything that does
i do not recommend for anyone with sensitive skin unless they talk to their dermatologist first or really investigate the ingredients
3-4 pumps would definitely suffice
good thing that's not what it's for
how they say to use it
i guess the only caveat i would give is that if your skin is 100% dry when you put it on
it doesn't make it worse
that's coming from a person who can't use anything
does not make me break out
if you're not sure, try the travel set!!
it gets four stars because i don't think there's anything technically wrong with the product
it just isn't for me in the long wrong
i don't use every day
no matter what the taste does get into my mouth like others have said
ive noticed the bad reviews are coming from people that apparently have no idea what a cleansing oil is used for
it is not meant to be your stand-alone face wash!
if you've ever heard of the "double-cleanse" that is exactly what it is
do you get what you pay for
doesn't break me out
i could not see or feel it during the day
you can't get all of the product out
:) but i haven't yet!
my skin just doesn't respond well to it anymore!
i can't say better things about this moisturizer.
people fail to realize that spf 30 or 45 will not give you "double" the protection
it doesn't make me break out
i will never use anything else.
let me count the ways
this moisturizer does exactly what is says it will do without irritating it
it's everything i ever wanted
that's what helped me to decide on trying this product
doesn't break me out
nor does it break me out
this did not make me break out
not with this stuff.
i hope you like it as much as i do.
although i'm not sure how it would work on other skin types
anyone else could use this
theres just nothing special about it.
for $28 this doesn't do enough for me
they do have a smell
so that might not be a problem for anyone else
the only thing i could say bad at all is if i get any of it on my lips
i know it sounds stupid but it happens!
if you are not sure about the product
i didnt think i did anything odd when doing this.
not sure if there is a certain trick to having this not happen
also didn't make me break out
the lady said she didn't know much about it because it was fairly new
she did say that it was a product for most skin types
i must say it's amazing!
yes it did brighten
it didn't work quite as well for me as s
it's still no match to s
unfortunately though i can't give it 5 stars because it is rather pricey
it is exactly what it claims to be!
i've got to say i love it
i just have to disagree with them
if you're on the fence about trying this product out i say go for it
it didn't break me out
i really didn't want to return it
it really does what it says it's supposed to do
it did exactly what i wanted for a daytime moisturizer
i didn't realize how dull
it does wonders for my skin!
please do not stop making it!
doesn't make me break out
whenever i'd use this i justified it as oh it's just a good skin day or so on
i really have to give credit to where it's due
which is what i like
love them enough to make them my normal
you don't even need a lot of the product
didn't break me out
this does the job
i don't think i'll use anything else
i cannot recommend this product enough.
if that makes any sense
if you are hesitant just go for it you wont regret it
they never do the job
i actually love this.
you won't regret it
it's certainly not oil-free
i wouldn't even think to use another.
that's crazy to think because it doesn't look like there's a lot
i do not have sensitive skin so be warned it might break you out
the cream didn't make me break out so this is a definite re-buy
if you're not into that
this one does the trick
the only reason i'm not giving it five stars is because you don't get enough product for your money
so don't worry about breaking the budget
i can't say enough good things about this face cream
you forget you have anything on at all
i cant not say enough good things about this product
i just wish they made it with spf
the only negative thing i would have to say is that it smells a lot like perfume
not usually a benefit fan
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit pricey
couldn't tell what was causing the issues
it does the trick
this does wonders for my skin
doesn't break me out
never would've guessed how much i would love this product
that's my only suggestion
i do not know how great it will be in the summer
i am afraid it would be to much
couldn't find anything that lasted
i don't think any description i make can do it justice so just try this product
seriously, it'll change your life.
the formula does not break me out
you don't need a lot
this did the trick for me
i wish i could give this 10 stars.
you won't regret this purchase!
i do not like the open jar
you barely need any
i guess it doesn't work for everyone .
can you believe it ????
use it as long as it doesn't hurt my eyes
i don't need to worry about my finelines anymore amd look at the price
i am so sorry for who doesn't feel any chage .
i would say try it out
see if it works for you
it does what it says
do think it works
i can't believe how great this product is.
i cannot live without this stuff
this won't do it
that way i know it's working
but turns out, it does the job.
life happenedans in the process i guess i forgot to take care of my under eyes
didn't do too much for my fine lines tho.
believe it or not it does definitely have an impact
i dont know if it helped with dark circles that much
i can't wait to see the results in a month!
never get enough sleep
i didn't realize how well this stuff works until i stopped using it
buy this you won't be sorry.
i didn't have any expectations
it didn't burn on me
i cannot be without it.
do not get into eyes
i didn't think id like this that much
little do they know
t didn't do anything
i did like the consistency of the product
trying to find products that don't react can be quite the challenge
it hasn't been long enough to tell
i did notice a difference
may not work for everyone
nothing has made any difference except for this
i wasn't sure if it was this cream or another i was using nights that was actually helping my eyes
figuring maybe i didn't really need it anymore i didn't bother to reorder
it's not the same
this is exactly what i want in an eye cream
i didn't know it was to fade dark circles.
what more can you ask?
i don't think it did anything for my dark circles
i love this and can't wait to buy more!
i know other reviewers have stated that it did nothing for them
it did work for me
you can actually watch it work!
it does what it says it does
i didn't realize how much of a difference the cream made until i switched
i wouldn't say amazing
the only thing i give it 4 stars because i have many other moisturizer that i can give 5 stars
wouldn't cause a break out
does not leave a residue which i was expecting
it does not appear to be causing me to break out
my face does not break out
i would ask for a sample before buying as you can see in the reviews this product does not work for everyone
im not sure how to explain it
it does what it says.
it does not cause any breakouts.
i didn't expect anything dramatic
however it really doesn't help my current breakouts
this does not irritate it
probably not enough if you have dry skin
i can't say enough good things about this cream
i wouldn't use it every day
i don't really use it over my entire face
i cannot say enough good things about this cream!
i also liked the fact that this did not exacerbate my acne at all
absorbs so quickly it's like it was never there
i will warn that it does not do well under make up
let me describe my skin
not as frequently as i did
i honestly recommend it
i do see a difference
i can't believe this product doesn't have more reviews
everyone i asked would say i need to exfoliate
can't say enough great things about it!
i recommend to everyone i know.
i don't think i'll ever stop purchasing it
i can't believe these results!
couldn't do without this product.
i would tell everyone to get it!
but, i do like it, so i'll keep it.
rritation was not an issue
not sure if theres an ingredient in there that makes it
this stuff seems to actually tighten immediately
not easy to find a product that does that- because its murad
not a miracle- but it helps!
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker
it does not have enough retenoid ingredients to fix damage
i hope i can always afford this item!
can't comment on the wrinkle effects yet
real improvement, no kidding.
t's not as bad as it could have been
would most emphatically not recommend trying this if you have sensitive skin
i wasn't expecting miracles
so needless to say i was reluctant to try the murad complete reform
it has done everything it says it is supposed to do
cannot recommend it enough
don't have wrinkles, so can't comment on that.
really did not expect to notice any results
not seen results like this
i don't have lines yet
i can't believe the difference in my skin already
you do not need much at all
i do not have bad under eye circles
can't comment on how well it works
could not believe it.
i honestly don't know how anyone could give this product a bad review
i can't see any improvements with my fine lines
maybe that's not what it's made for
i don't have a problem with under eye circles so no comment from me on that
did not cause a breakout
not have students say i look tired
as for anything else it claims to do i'm not sure because i don't have those problems
i don't have wrinkles so i can't comment.
should not have problems with dark circles
being young i did not want to jump right to estee lauder
i just can't help it
this isn't for you
i dont find that this is really doing much for fine lines or wrinkes
if i give it time to absorb into my skin this doesn't happen
it didn't sink into my skin as well as i'd liked
which i didn't like too much either
have never tried any others for this particular problem
do nothing for the circles
this product does everything reviewers say it does
smooth cream is amazing becuase it does what is says it will do
its not so much of a complaint becuase its my fault
that's just what happens to me though
i just don't know if i see enough improvement for the cost
i can't believe it actually does the things it claims to do
i really didn't believe any product would do that so well on its own
don't let the price stop you from getting a sample because it has given me great results :
it's not miraculous, but it's actually working!
i can't wait to see what my eyes look like in two more weeks
i do not have dark circles under my eyes
but not so with this product.
this product does exactly what it says it will for dark circles
i could be nuts, but i actually think it works.
it probably wouldn't hurt to get a sample of it before you buy it
for my skin type i couldn't ask for anything more
i do for certain things
just like everything else i've tried from f
it doesn't really smell like much of anything
i cannot say enough how much i love this
i can go without makeup without fear that everyone is judging me
it does not sting at all
it doesn't do anything
not sure if it's working
although i can't say that this has done wonders for me
i find that it does nothing for my dark circles
this does not react badly with my skin
nothing works like this one
i can't wait to try other products by fab
not exactly time for a wrinkle cream
not necessarily off-putting
i didn't know what to expect with my first try
don't want to add to those at all
this does not sting
it helps with the dark circles like nothing else i've used
you can't beat the price, so i say go for it!
it does what i want
sadly i am not anymore
i am still young enough that i don't need anything heavy duty
over all not a miracle
what i love about this is that it's effective
this product does not irritate at all
i started to panic when i didn't see it on the shelves at sephora anymore
i could never tell if eye cream is doing anything for me
i guess if i don't get anymore wrinkles
does not make my makeup run under my eyes
it's not really anything special
i don't use it every night
i wouldn't say it does much for my under eye circles
this does the trick.
i don't think it would do much for fine lines or dark circles
it's not bad either
i normally don't write more than one review unless it's a great/ effective product
didn't realize that it was an eye cream
i can't say that it's been a miracle worker
i would have to say, it does the job.
it does everything it claims to do
time will tell i suppose.
can't really say how much it's working
'm glad the product fragrance doesn't bother me at all
no product on this whole website does what this does for my skin
the only reason i give it 4 stars is because i hate the packaging
i cannot even believe how much i love this.
i honestly have no complaints
i don't even use anything else after it other than my moisturizer
don't know why it's in the description
seriously went from breakouts to hardly any
in my video i will show you how the product look like
this does not irritate it
no one would guess it except those who know me
can't say enough about this brand- hooked!
i didn't realize what a difference it made in my skin until i got home
can't stop using it
everything else was exactly as said
what more could you want?
then you come to find out it is isn't true?
did i mention i love this product?
if you cannot afford a mia this is the next best thing
what more could i ask for?
what more could you ask for?
t did what it has to do
just wish the bottle was not so deceiving
it just isn't enough for the price you're paying
however it i am not sure about the amount of product you are getting in the tube
not sure if there is actually 5 oz.
however as someone before me mentioned the bottle always feels like it's half empty
it feels kind of silly to keep paying that amount when you're not getting what is advertised
didn't feel like paying that much this time
the reason for the lack of one star is because this product is packaged to fool you into thinking you're getting more for the $$$
i can't say enough about how smooth my skin feels
i don't know if it's supposed to
love this product and you can't beat the price!
i think you will like it
t won't do anything for it
can't go without it!
let me tell you
so i say i would definitely recommend.
every product in this line does what it claims to do
it's too soon to say if it helps with marks
i can happily say that i no longer have that discoloration that has been bugging me for years
don't expect it to happen over night
don't get me wrong
that's how long it took me to see the change in the clarity
hope it doesn't let me down soon:
not sure how i didn't realize that from the get go
does exactly what it advertises
what does that even look like?
i can honestly say that it's a wonderful product
would recommend it to anyone
i don't know about it leaving my skin looking 'energized
this does the trick
i can't speak to its treatment of them
do i believe it's better than the aforementioned
it's too soon to tell what an effect it will have
i can't use a lot of products out there
i don't know what's really in this
i know the true meaning of 'literally"
i can't even explain it.
i didn't want to end up spending a lot of money
i simple cannot say enough about the ren products
see how it goes
which does not give me the radiance this product did
i didn't use it all the time
my skin just didn't look great anymore
i didn't think the texture looked right
it doesn't interfere with my make-up wear that i can tell
let me tell you
who doesn't want that?!
she tried to get me to use something else
i know that's asking a lot
nothing really seems to besides actual sleep
this didn't sting at all
so don't get this thinking you can just use it every now
this one doesn't do that.
i did not expect to like how this product worked under my concealer because it has spf in it
i wasn't sure if i was actually seeing any change after using the three bit combo
could not find something that wasn't full of awful chemicals
no matter how much i try to avoid directly around my eye
i cannot say enough good things about this product
you don't need to use much each time
never any troubles with this ole one
no matter how i tried to smooth it out
the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because i find the product to be a little thick
there aren't many out there
i must say its great
not when i have dark circles around them
can't think of anything thats really wrong with it
do not have many
you don't need much
this was the wrong product.
it's everything i could ever want in an eye cream
i guess i can only use it under my eyes
they were never enough for me
though i do almost always use a primer
when i say dark circles i mean dark
it does everything it says it will do
it does not do much for me in the fine line
those just don't work for me
won't do that anymore
i don't know if i see a huge change in dark circles or anything
does what it says
i don't know if it will be too heavy for summer
this cream has not bothered my eyes at all.
i did not think i would be able to find an eye cream that i could tolerate
it didn't make me break out like almost all other anti-aging products do
i love that it doesn't have a lot of bad ingredients
which is saying something
this does not eliminate the circles
i did not expect it would
i know this is not the intended result of the cream
i wanted something that wouldn't make me break out more than necessary
don't know how i'm going to travel with it
this is by far the only cleanser ive ever used in my entire life that does not break me out
or stick to what you prefer
does not have any smell
it does the trick
can't figure out why
which i never felt actually cleansed enough
it does the job
i don't agree that it has a strong smell either
they give some sort of reaction or b
this product does neither of those
i learned that it's worth the $40 because everything in the description of this product is very true
i wish the bottle wasn't glass though.
i can honestly say no face product has changed my life like this one
i don't have any complaints
it does not break me out.
i just love my skin alone and even under makeup.
you can't beat the price for what it delivers.
so make sure that doesn't bother you if you try them
not this one though
only cleanser that does not make me break out
i've never seen anything like it from cleanser.
did i say love!?
if you're like me
exactly what i wanted for my aging sensitive face
i don't even know how to explain it.
this does not irritate it at all
just wish it was not so expensive
this cleanser is exactly what my skin needed.
i cannot say enough about this cleanser.
i did get some of it in my eye
with i will say neither cream did any good for me
it's not a game changer
not sure it helps with lines
went back to buy the jar immediately bc it's great stuff
i want to keep it that way
you can't even tell i've touched it
many ppl expect results that same day
that's not how it works
if you're hesitant, don't be
i am not sure that it is doing wonders
all i can tell you is give it time
this product does not irritate at all
can't say it's reversed time or anything
wish they really did what they promise
i am not trying to say it is a miracle cream
it does not cake or show any lines
this doesn't cause any issues
i can't say it has worked wonders
get it, you won't regret it!
i don't have many
can't comment on how it works against fine lines
this product does what it says it will do.
i guess i won't know until i'm older whether or not this product is helping
you don't need much
i can't believe what i have been missing out on with this cream
it has not let me down!
almost anything makes me break out
making sure to not go too close to your actual eye
i didn't want to look old
i just wish this wasn't so expensive.
it did not irritate my eyes
for me, it is true.
yes i would recommend this.
now i know you get what you pay for
i do believe i have found it.
with either no or bad results
i don't see any big difference after using it for 3 weeks
i didn't give 5 stars because i haven't seen an overnight transformation
i love it and would recommend it.
i don't know how they got there
i don't know what happened
the problem of course did not go away
omly crack if i use the wrong product
this did not disturb my skin at all
m not sure i have less wrinkles
my skin did not have a reaction
i am 59 and was not paid to say this.
i don't think that will be a problem this time
just couldn't justify the $165 price tag anymore
i am not sure about the fine lines because i have not used it long enough
i did not break out at all to this product
do i think its a miracle cream
it does what its supposed to
try it, you won't regret it
for the perricone name i guess i expected more
that's never happened before
the problem didn't disappear
however doesn't have any smell
i didn't notice progress on my fine lines
then decide if i want to try something else or stick with this one
it doesn't bother it at all
it's only as i put it on
almost anything makes me break out
it got all 5 stars and i can see why.
you don't need a lot
did not break me out
irritation no matter what i tried
if you like perricone products
not sure if this is a problem of my own face or the product
you probably won't appreciate this product as much as i do
if you are like me
so please give this a try
does everything that it says it does
wish it didn't have thta fishy smell
you name it, i've got it.
i would not hesitate to recommend ptr de-spot to anyone with hyperpigmintation issues
not worry so much about my compelction
do have breakouts anyway
not every products work on me
i canâ€™t do without it
i didn't want to go through the trouble of returning it
i could see a difference
does exactly what it claims to do!
didn't really see results
i would recommend it to anyone who has those issues
the only problem was there wasn't enough product in the sample to make a real opinion
first couple of weeks i did not notice anything on that particular spot
i've tried them all including some you can't get in the us
i wasn't sure if it was going to do what it claimed
even if i don't pick on them
this formula does not irritate
i can't seem to pin point it
so who cares about the price!
i saw so many little marks disappear that i didn't even realize i had
can't wait to see it in 12!
but i'm really glad i didn't.
i figured i may as well keep ithe bottle
i didn't have high expectations
use it every morning before anything else
i'd be the person it didn't work for
i can't believe it!
i can't wait to see what my face looks like in another 9 weeks
to anyone who isn't sure if this is a worthy investment
i told here that i not wearing any make up.
i shouldnt do anything else to my skin.
i will say it did wonders on my under eye circles
can't wait to keep using this product
i love that the product does not smell
now we'll see if it works
ladies, i say give this product a try.
didn't expect it when my skin turned out to love it so much
can't see any difference yet
so i guess it's doing something.
you might not like it
i did not expect to like this.
i didn't even need moisturizer after this product
i must admit it is a bit hard to justify the price
when you know how/where to shop itâ€™s not that bad
i sure wouldn't say it is my favourite smell
so make sure that you're using it right or you'll hate it
it does what it's supposed to.
it also doesn't last long if you're like me
i would say it is good for removing foundation- not eye makeup
this stuff is amazing if you use it correctly.
i find myself waffling only because it is just so sooooooo expensive
i didn't know how clean it would feel
for those who still hate it
or anything was on my face
i feel like the people who are complaining about a film or being unable to remove it at all are not reading the instructions
i dont think it is a bad smell
it's not bad at all
i didn't experience that
that's all you need to do.
can honestly say that this is my holy grail makeup remover along with lancÃ´me's la creme douceur <3 i'm done with trying anything else
which some people might not like
i would never use any other cleanser
it did the job
i wasn't sure if i removed correctly the product
i couldn't believe it!
i don't know if i'm going to be able to spend that much on a cleanser balm because i already have my skin care routine
probably i would do the splurge
i would point out 2 points of difference this product does
im not sure if i am double cleansing the proper way
what it is about
which is something that i personally do not experience with soap
i do not wear foundation
the smell that seems to be bothering some people
doesn't bother me at all
it is so amazing i did not need/ wanted to apply anything else
if you don't want to be spoiled don't try it
i wondered why it wouldn't wash off of my face
i felt so ignorant.
you don't need to use that much.
only because i never used a product that honestly was worth going out of my way
if i had to remind myself it was good then i didn't feel the need to share
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the price
did not notice any odd smell.
this has left my skin feel so soft yet clean that i refused to put on anything after it in case i ruined it's magic
anybody that has given a review saying it left a film clearly did not use it correctly
i almost didn't want to put makeup on.
this alone might keep me in rouge status forever- it's that good
honestly it's not needed
wish it wasn't so expensive :/
i believe in paying for what i like that works.
i believe if something works
i didn't feel like i immediately had to put moisturizer on after using this
personally i love that smell so this doesn't bother me at all
this is not for you
it turns into something else
can't say anything bad about it!!!
if i did purchase this
i did not expect this product to do all this
i cant believe how clear
if you do that
this didn't make me breakout
you really have to follow the instructions for use or it will feel like it won't come off
i didn't follow the directions
i personally have not experienced that at all.
didn't really notice how bad my skin had gotten until i used this sample
it does exactly what it says
here is why this balm does not compare: 1
i wish i could just take a bath in this stuff.
i think you will love it as i do.
i can't vouch for any long term results yet
didn't expect that at all!!
because i love everything else about this cleanser
do not break me out
i never thought i'd would love a cleanser this much
i figure if there are no blatant irritants in it then it's good enough
didn't really think i'd use the bonus products
not sure what the smell is
i don't think i'll ever go without.
it's not fishy, at least not to me.
it doesn't break me out
not matter their skin type
not with this one
this did not irritate my skin
can tell you my skin looks even
i think that there's a lot of product in it for the price
i figured what would it hurt i needed to use something
i've tried a lot of products that didn't work for me
i didn't like the smell at first
i can't say i wouldn't try something else
i wouldn't say it is deep-acting as it advertised
never let's me down
does not irritate my skin whatsoever
which is what everyone wants
you do not have to use a lot to get the job done
i doubted that it would do much for my skin.
you do not need a lot of this product
yes they are pricey
it is exactly what my skin needed
even though it says it isn't
i know everyone on here claims to be skin care junkies
cant say how well it removes that
the products i use anyway
i didn't take care of my skin at all---it looked awful
don't walk.. run to get this stuff!
no real scent to it which i really like as we'll.
not supposed to use this on the eyes
yes i'll still break out
it' not anywhere close to as bad as it was
wanted to add one about this cleanser in case there's anyone out there who has the same difficult set of skin concerns i do
i did not expect this cleanser to solve all my problems
this cleanser did not disappoint
i can say i like it for cleanser in the morning
what more can you ask for?
why wouldn't you use this product?
i went to sephora to get a different cleanser that my friend recommend however they did not have that cleanser nor the br
at first i wasn't sure about this
not make a dent in your
this has never happened with any other product.
it did basically nothing to clear up my acne
if acne reduction wasn't a concern i would definitely continue using this
can't use anything on my face
i think before the makeup wasn't coming off
yet it's so effective
doesn't seem to have adverse effects i use it up anyway
i can't imagine using anything else
this doesn't make me break out
haven't used anything else since
i could not believe it.
i still can't believe my results after less than one month
it definitely does what it says it's going to do.
not expecting to see results cause let's face it
not even thinking about algenist
didn't see the benefits that i do with this one
it also doesn't break me out
i can't wait to try more from the line
it's never made me breakout
people think i have make up on when i don't
i can't believe the results.
i tried it anyway
this product does not do either
this doesn't cause me any reaction or breakout
t's not actually that bad when you consider how long it lasts
which i regret since it's so expensive for me to keep sending her
can see the difference!
i believe you get what you pay for
i normally do get them
i asked what she thought it might be
could not believe the difference in the condition of my skin
i could not live without this one for sure
since it's just at night i don't mind
i like that you don't need much to cover your
i notice a huge difference when i don't use it.
i can't say that i see the results the cream claims to make
i don't need as much weight anymore
i wish it weren't so pricey
i don't know how else to describe it
i love what it's doing so far
i can tell i big difference when i forget to apply it the night before
because who would bother?
not bad for only
although they are a bit pricey i wouldn't replace it with anything else
haven't used it long enough to know if it is actually doing anything
i can tell u i still have not gone through even half of the jar
have never put much merit into anything doing what it claims it does
i won't use anything else
i hesitated to use it because i don't like to get adventurous w/what i put on my face incase it causes a breakout
it does not irritate me
i could not st
i don't break out
it does not break me out
you do not need to use a lot of it
it was kind of a last choice sample because i didn't see anything i wanted
don't hesitate to buy this!
they knew that we'd get addicted to the results
i honestly didn't realize how dehydrated my skin looked before i used this product
i actually think that
not with this product
so luckily i didn't have to pay full price
i can't wait to tell my dermatologist about what i've been using
no matter what skin type, you should use this!
nothing works or does for your face what algenist does
no matter what her age
i wish i didn't love this cream as much as i do since it's so expensive
i wish it wasn't so expensive
know it was from this
this cream is so amazing that i refuse to stop using it
with this i did
i think that this cream might be too much for my t zone
it's just too amazing to stop using!
i probably never would have tried it otherwise
this product does not break me out at all
not to mention horrible break outs
if you can afford it definitely splurge
not enough to sit around for long
i would say save your money
i didn't use it every night
it didn't trigger anything for me
it doesn't make me break out
it's been so long
i didn't dare to put any makeup on for two month
i don't have any flakyness
the only problem is that it does not hydrate as i expected
?now that is a smell to complain about!!
i just had to talk about this product
did not cause me to breakout
i actually don't mind it
it's not a long term fix
but if scent bothers you, definitely do not buy.
didn't really need it
would pass if that bothers you
if you us it often
if you don't mind the scent it will work wonders
does not cause break out
if that's not a concern for you
so you're getting what you pay for
i can't say enough about it
i don't know if this would be sufficient
i can't say enough about this product!!
i don't know if this is really what's helping
it does not cause break outs
however i do not feel that it provide enough moisture i need
but if you are, this product may irritate you.
nothing else works maybe you should try this?
this mask does what it says
i did not feel much about this product yet.
i can't even begin to tell you how perfect this product is
my skin didn't seem to need it
i don't think you are supposed to apply it like a normal mask
not even the case with this one though.
let t do it's work
i guess it did restore my skin
i think people should have a clear view of that.
this does the trick
you wont get my results
based on the other reviews i guess it's because i put too much of it
a product that does what it says it is suppose to do
i would even say this stuff is a totall game changer for gals that struggle with pores
doesn't look like you are wearing anything
not a bad way to start a day.
honestly i cannot live without it
but not this time.
i can't even wait to see what it does to my face!
not add oil to my t-zone where i tend to break out
my skin does not look dull anymore
they just didn't do it for me
if clinique ever did away with it
i imagine for others this can work.
now i can't wait to try more clinique
i can't wait to try more products from this line!
it was the only cream that did the job.
it did not cause any new breakouts
love this product even if i don't use it as often
i know where to turn
sadly its not for me
this does not bother him at all!
i cannot recommend this stuff enough!
a must have> it's an amazing product that really does produce results immediately--upon awakening
i cannot recommend this product enough!
wanted to know what i did
that did not happen with this product.
i rarely have skin that i would describe as "amazing" so this was quite the feat
i can't really speak for the "retexturizing"
i don't have to do this with this one
he never comments on that kind of thing
i may not get that severe acne anymore
i didn't expect a miracle worker
seriously--they arent lying when they say youll see a difference the next morning
not tired like it did before i started using this
i honestly couldn't believe the results.
it did that and beyond!
it definitely didn't break me out
let me start of with saying i did not even know there was hype with this product
this one will not disappoint
its just not enought moisture for me at night during the winter
because it'll do it for you while you are sleeping
if it wasn't for this
the only thing that kind of bothers me is the price
i realize how lame that sounds
i suppose it didn't actually work overnight
i know what i'm talking about as i used it after i had a baby
for those who don't have one
it has a scent i would not call 'nice'
i guess i will just have to wait...
it does not break my skin out at all.
decided to go for something different because i didn't like the residue it left behind
i cant say enough positive things about this moisturizer
finally something that works as it's supposed to!
save my money for something else
i didn't really expect any results.
can't believe it's only $48!
i write very few reviews because hardly anything impresses me enough to do so
the scent does not bother me at all
will not change to anything else
it does exactly what the description says.
this one does the trick
if you don't think it works
i also didn't like the cover on the bottle
i get what people say about the smell
it doesn't bother me nor does it linger on my face
it does what it needs to do.
went with the 5 anyway
so that's saying something
forth between them right now -- doesn't matter
this product does not cause me any problems
t doesn't bother my eyes
the only reason why it's not 5 stars is don't get it in your mouth
my face didn't break out
i think everyone should use this.
honestly, i haven't even noticed a scent.
maybe it just doesn't bother me enough to notice.
it did take a bit but nothing i'm not use to.
i don't think i'll change it in 5 years!!
it does the trick
does what it supposed to
never lets me down.
doesn't make me want to rip my eyes out or make them red it feels great on the skin too i'm in my 3rd bottle hope they never get rid of this
no need for that anymore
for $12, you can't beat this product!
it's not tearing so i love it.
never used a miscellar water so don't have much to compare to
i don't have any complaints
i don't know what others were talking about.
and honestly it's so convenient.
which i will not name
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the bottle which is horrible to get the liquid out of
you can't go wrong.
easy for anyone that doesn't want to spend a lot of time cleansing
it didn't ruin or remove the extensions whatsoever
thought i would try this
i don't know why people are so put off by the smell -- it's not strong
i dont think i would ever have a reason to try a different br
when i say a lot i mean a lot
i can't believe i never tried this product before
i can't say enough good things about this micellar water
it's just a staple that i prefer not to live without
i won't bother trying another
if you don't have it
i wish i could shower in this stuff.
i would recommend for sure
the smell of this product does not match the rest of the origins ginzing line
doesn't linger what so ever
i did use it morning
i can only give it 4 stars because i do not have under eye circles or darkended undereyes
can not give a review about that claim
you will not like this at all
can't say if it helps with that
i didn't have super high expectations
i started to notice a difference if i didn't use it
buy this, you won't regret it.
this eye cream did exactly that for me!
you will love it.
i couldn't wait to use this
i don't have dark circles so can't say about that
let's just say it hasn't let me down
all i can say is wow
i tried it and my mom did as well.
knew i would love this product
i do wish it smelled like the rest of the ginzing line
plus it's always a bonus when not that much product is needed to get the job done
i didn't notice any change with my fine lines
however this is my honest opinion
also, yes it does what it says!
wondering where someone is
although i can't say i noticed a huge difference in fine lines
t didn't do much for my dark circles
didn't really mind it
i can't say i noticed any immediate differences
i honestly have not noticed a difference
it's a great product i just haven't seen any changes just yet
dont get me wrong
i wasn't able to try it long enough to see if it helped dark circles
i still liked it otherwise
t's safe to say i am not getting a ton of sleep these days
i will say it doesn't smell as amazing as the other products in this line
you won't regret it!
its not bad considering it works
it didn't irritate it
don't know how i lived without it before
it seriously does what it says.
i do not notice any depuffing.
that does not change my opinion of it
i do notice that after i use it
it did the trick
now i can't live without it.
can say that it is great for any type of skin
if you dont mind not having suds
although it's not as bad as it used to be
i won't use anything else now!
not knowing what was causing these issues i completely changed my skin products one buy one
thats literally all i use anymore
i would recommend this to other people with my skin type because i think it could work well for some :
it truly does what it is supposed to
that never did much for me
like many others say
it does the same for me too
does not irritate it
you don't need to use much
i will never use anything else!
this does not leave a film nor does it dry my skin out
i don't use anything else
it does the job
i do like this stuff a lot however i'm not sure i would buy it again
the only thing i'm not crazy about is the smell.
i would not say this alone helps with redness
the premise of this cleanser seemed to fit exactly what i needed
i do know it's the only face wash that doesn't make him break out
amazing is all i have to say
i don't have to use a lot of product to get there
'm hoping over time it doesn't lose its effectiveness
i can't speak about that yet
try a sample before buying it if you're hesitant you won't regret it
does exactly what it claims to do.
did not cause breakouts for me.
it's all i ever use
i couldn't believe it!
it doesn't leave me breaking out
i do not regret buying
yes it does sting at first
does what i need it too!
it won't really do all that much
i didn't really expect it to anyway
which is why i usually use it at night
that means it's working
this spot treatment did wonders for him
there's something's that i don't appreciate
i don't know what i would do without it
honestly you don't need much at all
i did not use this when i had that type of acne
it's helped me whenever i break out
it may not be for everyone
i wouldn't use this all over the face
nothing seems to help-except this
even when i like a product
and it's under $20.00, so hey, why not?
i hope it works for you as well as it did for me.
i didn't realize how small this bottle was
i say all that to say
it does every thing it says in the description
honestly it's not so bad for the price.
that just means it's doing it's job at the treatment
i don't get how this product got bad reviews!
everyone should try it regardless if you don't see results right away
that means it's working!
can see the difference
it just wasn't for me
i can see that it's working
i can take a selfie and not want to cry!
anything that's small or older it doesn't seem to do much for
i do not use it when my skin is clear.
you really do not need much
after continued use you don't notice that anymore
would say it has good value
i think it's totally worth the money if you have really bad skin or the occasional breakout
i don't know how i lived without it
it did not work for me at all
i think it's my skin not the actual product because i encountered the same issues when i tried eradikate
when it's supposed to be like that
you barely need to use any
not really that last one
this is the only product i've ever tried that actually works for me
try it, you will not regret it.
if it doesn't work for you someone in your life will appreciate it
this product does what it claims to do.
didn't think i'd like this
scent shouldn't matter--i'm aware--
you cant expect beauty products to work if you are not feeding your body what it needs ladies
but yes this cream rules.
have yet to come across a product that i didn't like
really can't attest to what it says it can do
the only thing is
it's just right for me
i think i over-use it
i really do not have many requirements for perfection
more so know what i dislike
you dont need too much product to cover your face
i did not think i was going to like it
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
i don't break out as much or hardly at all anymore
they don't seem to do much for me
i can almost hear my skin drinking this product.
aren't going to "erase" anything much at all
it's not as rich as i was hoping it would be
just make sure you don't use too much!
did not break me out
: the smell does not go away
it's not necessarily a bad smell
it also did not seem like my skin absorbed the product completely
not using long enough to notice any difference in texture
you dont have to use too much
uncomfortable i didn't know what to do
i am kind of worried with winter coming it may not be enought
you don't recognize it anymore
i unfortunately did not see any age-erasing benefits
it was enough to make me want to purchase it.
breakout wise it did not change much
i cannot believe how well this stuff works.
the price isn't that bad at all.
will never try anything else
i cant comment on it erasing my age as i havent had enough time to use it
i don't really have any yet
i can say that i haven't seen anything even budge as a development of lines or wrinkles
i guess it's doing a preventative job in that regard
it's pricey but it does last a long time.
it is the one product that i can't live without
it did not irritate it at all
i don't think i'll ever stop using this.
you don't need much
sometimes i notice the difference if i forget to apply it for a day
can't live without this one!
i wouldn't say this is the holy grail of serums as i don't have very much to compare too
i do believe that even someone with rosacea could use this product
i will never do without it
it's for sure going to last me about 6 months
should certainly last a looong time
i don't know what i would do if they discontinued it
we'll see if i look 25 still
can't live without it
i love not only the skin gurdian
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the price
i do like the pump though
i don't know how it really works for protection
i know it's only been one night
i would definitely recommend this to anyone
went with this one purely because it states it's a "night cream"
it does everything for me.
t was sort of interesting because i didn't really know what dry skin was like
also not exactly something i wanted to stick around
there's hardly ever a product where i'm like "omg can't live without"
i didn't truly realize how much i love this product until i went on vacation
didn't feel as smooth
one of which is not what i ordered
can't live without it every winter
i couldn't tell what kind of smell it was.
give it a try if you wish!
not greasy in anyway
it doesn't last that long, but the smell is good.
the smell is no bother to me!
couldn't use it at night
everything you could ever want in a night cream!
i do not have any breakouts
i can honestly say this cream has changed my skin so much
let me say that clinique is not a cheap
can't really say anything on a brightening effect yet
will never use anything else!
i didn't know there is an oil-free version of this product
this stuff doesn't cause any
i don't even care
i am 32 and it's not enough for my skin.
this couldn't help with that at all
you don't need much
i wouldn't give it 5 stars as i don't think i will be able to use as i get older as it's not heavy/strong enough
don't be afraid to try something thats not oil free
it does everything it says it's suppose to do!
this one does the trick
i don't get as many breakouts anymore
wow was i wrong!!!!
i can't say enough!!!!
can't imagine how great it would be if i did it daily
does not cause me breakouts
i got this product in a sampler i got i didn't expect much from it
i honestly cannot hype this product enough
it probably has to do with your skin
i don't know why i waited so long to try this product
but i just had to say something about this cream!
they actually did me a favor by making me try night-a-mins
maybe it's mine only not sure anyone should try it
just not the same
be careful when buying this they look exactly the same
i tried it not so long ago
it doesn't require a lot of product
i absolutely have no idea why i did not try this sooner in my life
i did not expect that at all
that is exactly what i experienced with this night cream
wasn't really sure if i should buy it or not mainly because of the price tag
i do not know what i would do without this.
i would suggest trying it.
did not have a problem with breakouts
it does not make me break out
this does the trick.
i saw a couple youtube gurus mention this product who have some of the same reaction to products as i do
i can't wait to see how my skin turns out in the long run :
i don't use it every night
they could call it daily vitamins if they did make one haha
so recommend this product if u have same trouble like myself
i did not necessarily see acne go away
only if i am not careful
i can't go back
some places say it isn't i have no clue
that's my only issue.
this has not failed me
let me say that with origins
you can't go wrong
i do not recommend this one
i'll do have to say this is by far one of my favorites
i can't wait to finish the other product
i didn't think i could h
you don't need that much product anyway
not with this stuff
it is the only cleanser i use anymore
i don't have to do that anymore
does't "foam" the way i would like
it doesn't do anything special either
i love that this doesn't have a bunch of garbage in it
i can't say enough about this product
i think i may have found it
though i have no evidence that my skin is not clean afterwards
i just can't say that i want to shout off the rooftops after having used this product
it doesn't make me break out
it hasn't done any miracles
i actually tried the checks
it does just what it says it will-cleans my face.
it did not make me break out-which can be an issue with most everything else i have tried
wouldn't trade it for anything
t only made sense for me to buy this
despite what others seem to be saying
i would describe my skin as "normal to combination" so maybe this product isn't the best for that skin type
although i admit to trying other br
the only thing i dislike is it takes time to take off
it didn't dry me out too much, either.
don't get me wrong
i do like this mask
not it's definitely not a miracle worker
i would say this is a good product for it's price
it doesn't do anything for my existing breakouts
i would buy again because it's so cheap
i really could not tell if it did anything for my skin
i wasn't sure if this would dry me out.
it was not exactly what i expected
so you don't need a ton on your face
that's when you know to take it off
i cannot do without this
cannot recommend this enough!
this mask is exactly that
but its still not bad.
doesn't really extract much but still love it!
for the price you can't go wrong
they do not actually stick to the mask
it does exactly what it says above.
can't rave about it enough
that's what i did
this mask really never fails.
i honestly see no diffidence or any difference in my pores
but we all know how much that can hurt the bank.
i did not expect this mask to be this amazing!
not as bad as before
i can't remember a day that i haven't had at least one bad break out on my face since i was 14
after i did my research i decided to try this
gave four stars because it didn't clear everything
this eye cream does what it is supposed to do.
it wasn't doing anything
t did not irritate my eyes at all
i can't say much about it diminishing dark circles
can't comment on that aspect of the product
you don't need much at all!
but not this product.
not sure if this has much to do with that
i wouldn't rule it out
exactly what i need and does what it says.
i wouldn't say i notice any reduction in crow's feet
can't live without it!
convinced me that what i'm noticing about the effectiveness of this product is legit
imo i don't think their is much i could do to get rid of the darkness
this does not effect my eyes
it actually wasn't bad
let me tell you what you do not need more than a little dab of this
this product does exactly that
didn't think i needed anything to intense
night so you do get some bang for your buck
doesn't break me out at all
it hasn't worked any miracles for me yet
i would reccomend this to anyone that needs an eye cream
i dn't know that i believe that it'll actually fade dark shadows
don't necessarily need all the other benefits right now
does not make my eyes water
i agree with another person that it doesn't sink in to the skin quickly
as for the anti aging properties -i can't really tell for sure since i have not developed a crows feet yet
i can't say if it actually works yet
it may not be a problem for everyone
i would have given it five stars if the description didn't claim de-puff function
wasn't willing to get just anything
yes it does help with fine lines
not that clinque is not good
it doesn't do much for the lines
this is probably not the right cream
still does the job
tried this eye cream because they didn't have the other origins eye cream i was using before
but this one does what it claims.
i found it wasn't doing anything
this does the trick
it didn't do too much of that
'm not sure about long-term effects
if your worried about your skin that its starting to age you cant go wrong with this eye cream
it was so bad i couldn't go to work because it hurt just to open my eyes
since i didn't put anything on them they were so dry
i can't wait to see the long term results of this product
that's something i'll have to live with
it didn't work so well
it's definitely something you can overlook
because this cleanser does exactly what it says
this one actually works
this line was a life saver honestly if anyone underst
trust me i know i was
doesn't really give me a matte look or anything
i don't know how much this actually clears pores
i couldn't ask for a better cleanser.
it did not disappoint
if you've tried everything to no avail
i will say though
i love that i don't need to use a lot
this product does not
it doesn't really stop my oil
it does it's job
you won't regret it
everything that it is designed to do...it does!!!
it definitely works for what it's intended for.
just enough moisture which is what i want
you find that you get used to it
can't think of one single con with this product.
used with the clarisonic you really cannot go wrong
idk about the acne part tho doesn't do anything to make my breakouts go away
this stuff does the trick
it's a must have for me now
i wasn't convinced of this when i first tried it because of the texture
everything i tried would never work
no matter what skin type you may have
i do not need to do the same routine as the night because that drys my skin out
this doesn't really bother me
i think anyone could use it
this controls oil like you would not believe.
this will not help you
you could not have convinced me that a cleanser could do anything to reduce visible oil throughout the day/night
it didn't make me break out
i actually like the smell.
while my skin is not clear yet
it actually does what it says
i can tell the difference
i actually see results
my face did not look any different
it was because i didn't give it just one more day
i couldnt believe there wasnt any oil on my skin.
i've even had people notice
i can't recommend that product enough
this did not break me out
it didn't cause breakouts or anything.
it doesn't change much to my skin's appearance
i prefer sheet masks but i did like this one.
if it's on for longer you will continue to smell it
i don't know why
believe me i did try to buy other br
i like how quick i can use it.
it does not break me out.
i like to do this at night
can't say it's the best
it's not what i would consider a "normal" looking mask
i didn't feel the need for any moisturizer after
anyways love this one for now.
when i take it off it's more clear
the mask didn't cause me break out
this mask does what it says.
this product really did it's work!
although it helped a little it didn't compare to the results from this product
it just does what it is supposed to do.
if you really need results ur gonna have to leave it on for more then minutes
if there is any
well this does the trick!
not to mention it was 75
not to mention it is half the price of the nars mask
now i can't live without it.
does what it is suppose to do!
i dont mind putting more on
so i decided to try this and it's amazing!
i feel like i can't properly control the amount i'm using
i can't say enough how much i love it.
maybe which is why it is called oil-free.3.
doesn't break me out.
this doesn't break me out.4.
some people say it smells bad.
i am just not used to it.
doesn't make me break out
return it if it didn't work for me
i don't really need to use it much longer to know that i love it
i don't have this problem because i have normal skin
if you would like to do that
i never thought i should use moisturizer
i mean my skin is been
all i can say is that this product kept it a
it's the first time a product i use does not make my skin issue worse
if you don't like that
used it the following day to make sure it wasn't just a one time thing--it wasn't
i can even use it over my t-zone with no problems
i can't recommend it enough!
i really don't have to touch up anymore
it does what it's supposed to do
i definitely can't do without it now!
i know some may not like the smell
the only thing i didn't like was the mint smell
not sure what it's like under make up
i didn't see any improvement on my dark spots
it didn't make it worse
did not think much of it since i typically don't apply anything on my face until mid day on saturday/sunday
i do not have a need to blot
not as bad as it could be though.
i do not like the container
i do not recommend this product in the winter if you live in a harsh
it does not leave me feeling greasy whatsoever.
i certainly don't see an oil reduction
i also like the fact that doesn't not have a bunch of junk in it
it didn't really do anything for my acne
if i didn't have an acne problem
at first i didn't know if i liked it
all i can say is wow!!!
which is not a bad thing either in my eyes
it's still not back to 100%
i wish it had a spf though
this would be great for my skin had i not used the kate somerville product
let me just say
so you can't expect flawless skin if you have some skin issues
you don't need to use that much i didn't know they sell the big bottles i guess it's only online
i still love this product for it does work
i didn't scratch it at all
was a little hesitant because i didn't want this mask to suck out all the oil from my skin
although i haven't seen it get rid of it entirely yet
it actually did what it said it would do
it didn't get all tight
does this mask work miracles?
it has done nothing of the sort
being a person who usually doesn't have that much acne i didn't really know what to do
this is the only thing i've ever tried that actually works
i can't say enough good things about this mask!
i do this for 2-3 days until it's gone.
it still does what it needs to do
figured out how to use it
i will say- it smells like noxema.
this product does it all for me
i cannot recommend it enough
there's nothing i can really do
the smell didn't bother me
you do not need to apply a think layer.
i can't even comprehend how something could work that well
i can't live without this mask!
it doesn't fix the problems
you could definitely compare this to kate somerville 'eradikate'
i never leave reviews because i know that not all products work for everyone
i would hate for someone to have a bad expirence based on my review
the smell does not really bother me
i could hardly tell it was there when i put my makeup on
don't think it should be used daily anyways
it doesn't bother me
i know you aren't supposed to use a face mask every day
which is what i was afraid of
if that makes any sense
anything i put on it makes me break out
was so afraid to try anything else from that line
that they're not quite as effective anymore
omly it will do wonders for your skin
but i can't deny that it works pretty well.
i hate wasting money or messing with returns so decided to just try the small pot
it really shouldn't bother you
i can't wait to get the bottle.
i don't mind that at all
however, the scent may bother you.
i just want to say it's so great.
nothing works like this
i think everyone should give this a try
anyways if you're not sure whether or not you should try this
don't have a sephora near me
i didn't like it--who does?
if you're having any hesitations
you won't regret it
i honestly can't believe how much this has changed my skin
i can't remember the last time my skin was this clear
i personally can't use it all over my face because it would dry my skin out
that would be enough to make me love it
the point at which it does
i do not have bad skin
i would say i leave it on for 30 min.
why oh why haven't i tried this sooner???
it does exactly that
i don't know why people complain about this not hydrating
since that's not at all what it claims to do
it hasn't made me break out
it honestly doesn't do much of that either
the only thing i have to say is amazing
i don't find that
not to mention the smell
i def recommend you will not regret it.
i do not love the packaging.
you don't get a lot of product for the price
in fact everything else i tried
i recommend it for anyone :
i didn't expect to like this
i do like it though.
is just not enough!!
but i can't deny how amazing it is.
i don't want to be without it
i never use a full-face application anymore
i didn't expect that anyway
this product did that for me
will have to find something else to try
the only thing i don't like is the packaging that it is in
there's not a lot of product in it so after a while the dome will stop working
not only because theres no assurance that its empty
i also hate how you don't know how much product is left in the container
i can't say i actually notice any difference in my pores using this this product
i don't know what i would had done if i didn't use the sample that i got from sephora
i actually like the pump
does the job for me
not only does it feel
i can't say enough about this moisterizer it is a must try if u have oily skin
it does exactly what it says
just be sure to rub it in completely or else you may see grey areas on your face
i would not suggest to wearing makeup over it
works great for me alone or even under makeup.
this moisturizer works like nothing else i've ever tried
you don't have to use as much as you'd think
i will say though
it doesn't show up at all
it helps you prevent problems before they happen.
this is the only moisturizer i've tried that didn't make me break out
even all the acne fighting ones did!!
remember it not gonna take ur black heads all in one or two uses keep using it at least a month or two then see if u see results
i don't know if i was the only one having this stange
i didn't really know if it was doing anything to my skin until i ran out of this product a few days ago
it does everything it promises.
it is impossible to get to without a saw or prybar
i've noticed a lot of people complaining about it running out or that it's breaking them out
not sure if i want to keep paying that much
did not expect to love this product
this didn't break him out at all.
try to make sure you don't press too hard otherwise too much will come out
you'd never know once you rub it in though
won't hesitate recommending it to my friends
you get what you pay for
the only thing i dont like is there is no way to see how much product you have left
t doesn't make feel like there's anything on my skin
i fear it's not going to last me as long as i would like
i felt they never really did what they said they would
it's honestly a miracle worker
it does give me the look of a silicone base if you know what i mean
even if they claim to
which isn't online here
this is the first eye product i have found that doesn't bother my eyes
do not react to any of the ingredients in this product
honestly this lasts a long time
realizing it wasn't enough
this does the trick
i didn't have much fine lines
i didn't realize what a difference this eye treatment made until i switched to two others for a while
give it a go - you won't be sorry!
this certainly is exactly what i wanted.
i do not have any wrinkles yet
found just what i need.
the fact that they do not test on animals
that's not the intent of this product
i didn't want this to work.
not giving 5 stars only because i'm the person who always thinks maybe there's something else better out there
i just haven't found it yet
this does just that
i may not be the best judge because i don't have a lot of correction needed
it does not irritate
i don't really have anything to compare this to
at this point there's really no way of knowing how well it's working in that regard
while i didn't notice any miracles
the best part is that it does not bother my skin around my eyes
but if money is no problem-would recomend
can't say much about the lines
i don't have many
i did not want to go under a surgeon's knife
it's not too rich,but not too light either.
figured i would try this since i can't seem to find my hg eye cream
could not believe how my eyes looked
i think if i keep using these
i don't think i could say enough good things about these pads
so figured i'd give these a try
i believe it's been maybe 3 weeks
they aren't just for men.
so do yourself a favor
can honestly say they have worked for me
you can't expect them to remove 20 years of wear
this does exactly that
this does everything it says
i am a female just to let you know
you have to try them - you won't be sorry!
so that's why the 4 stars
so you don't need that much
does not do much for moisture
i can't speak for how well it does with wrinkles
i think it does
what do you want?
i just want to stop time now (unrealistic?
yes but one can always hope).
don't really know how much it's doing for anti aging
this product does the trick.
wether wearing any makeup or not
i didn't think i'd like it so much
honestly i don't know about the glow
once a day does not seem to be enough to maintain the effects
i didn't have to use as much of it
is that it's been one long
i never thought i'd be gushing about this
it's not a miracle product
it did not clear up any acne
i don't know why i stopped using it
i can attest that it does exactly what they say it does
not sure what it is actually called since bottle is at home
it did not work out for me
i can't wait to see what my skin looks like after a month
i decided to give try even though my purpose was not radiance
i can't say enough good things about this product
not a word i use often
it does what it says
can't wait to see the results after my first bottle or so :
now i honestly feel i can't live without it
i didn't have to use as much of it
is that it's been one long
i never thought i'd be gushing about this
if you could get over the smell than it might be okay for you
i can wear foundation again bc it doesn't get caught in my dry patches because i don't have any anymore
i could definitely say if you have dry skin this product might be the right choose for you
i notice some reviewers say it's sticky -- it hadn't even occurred to me until i read that
i know this probably doesn't need another 5 star review because of the many previous
i also would say that 1
i don't mind the splurge on this product because it was the only thing that worked
this did not aggravate the area
that is exactly what the product is claiming to do
but they aren't as bad now!
i don't fully rub it in i let it sit
this doesn't break me out at all.
it does what it says
i can't explain why
i really didn't realize how dry my skin was until this product
i knew i needed to try it
this is the only thing that doesn't make me break out
you can't see it
wish it had some sort of spf
please do not hesitate.
don't need to use a lot
never found one i couldn't live without
you won't regret it
unfortunately it does not completely sink in
it didn't need this like i thought it did
it's just not for me.
it's all i've ever used
i can't get over how good of a product this is.
otherwise i cannot recommend this enough.
i cant feel nothing
don't know how i've gone through the heat
i didn't like it that much in the end due to the scent
doubt this would happen to most people
i don't think i'll ever be able to use another moisturizer
if you are thinking about getting this don't think
you won't regret it!
this will not disappoint
found it didn't quite quench my skin like i had wanted
figured i would give it a try
anyway i love this stuff.
t has never made me breakout
do not ever discontinue or i will legit go to clinique headquarters
seriously you must have it ladies
it just didn't look the same.
i've never had any that does what this one does
you'd never be able to tell it's the middle of winter just by looking at my skin
it doesn't make me break out.
yes it is pricey
you'd like to see some change
i don't know what it is
the reviews of people in my age group convinced me to give it a try--so glad i did
no matter what i would do to my face
i did my research
i didn't break out but i wanted something more.
found something that's better for me because it wasn't cheap
this product is my absolute can't live without.
i mean this is finally the end of my search for my "can't live without" product
!ladies, you have to try this
said "this is what you want"
its one of the few things that does not cause acne on my face
did not give me breakouts
only reason i didn't give it a 5 is i haven't been using it for very long
it does what they say it will do.
can honestly say it's worked wonders for me
this does not irriate my eyes at all
it does do something.
not sure how to spell that?
if you've got the money
it does not disappoint
it does what it claims
i can't believe it!
i couldn't believe it
i just didn't see the results
the lines weren't there.
i don't know exactly when they disappeared
see what it's like after
at first i did not see any difference when using this
though it is not cheap
did not order for about a month or so
i didn't even know i needed this product.
see if you like it
the places where i didn't use still have crepey lines -- even though i treat
which means it's made a real difference
does pretty much what it's supposed to do.
it hasn't bothered them one bit
the one item i don't forget to use at night
it does what it says
a sephora rep made sure to tell me not to follow the instructions on the bottle
i wasn't sure if this product really was doing anything
that's why i am trying it
they def recommended me a product that i will honestly say i will be using for a long time
but this is a miracle.
not sure how it works
i really didn't see much improvement
when i laugh i could see it in the pictures now i barely see it
i can't believe how fast
can't tell if it made a big difference or not yet
i like the product enough
although at 41 my eyes weren't that bad
it didn't feel like anything on my eyes
not something anyone else would be able to notice
i am not sure how much is left in the first bottle
didn't want to be without
can't be without this product
does exactly what it says.
keep in mind i have not tried la mer or other really expensive eye products
this doesn't make me crazy to pay for
please let me know
you have to see it to believe it.
all i can say is wow
this has been doing exactly as it claims
what bothers me the most
i would say that it does well on wrinkles
i am not sure about the "priming effect" for makeup
if you dont use it for a day
this stuff is true to its word
this doesn't bother them at all
i don't know if you are supposed to
i cannot believe what a difference this product has made not just on my eye lids
i don't need anything else
i can't tell you how many friends ask me
think i have tried them all
it is not irritating at all like others i have tried
it just wasn't enough moisture for me
since i did like the product
so that i didn't have to switch products completely
it's not meant to be used alone as a moisturizer by itself
it's probably not enough for truly dry skin like mine
just not hearty enough for my purposes
it also doesn't leave my face looking
that's why i only gave it 4 stars
i didn't know much about kate's line of products until trying this serum
i couldn't believe it either.
i can't live without it.
not sure if its doing anything that is that noticeable
now i can't live without it
it does not break me out
i know i can use this at night
you could not see my skin peeling anymore
did not irritate my skin whatsoever
have tried every product there is you can think of
i am sure you will not regret this purchase
it can certainly brave the forces alone
if i want to treat myself i use this
when i say it controls acne i mean
sorry i don't mean to shout i'm just so excited about this cleanser
i can throw everything else away
i don't know how this product did it
i can feel to what it say it does
let me tell you
when i use something else
the only thing i don't like is the pump
not only did i never return it
i know this is going to sound insane
it didn't clear out my t-zone like i had hoped
this one does it all
this cleanser does exactly what it says!!!!!
something i have never said or even thought about my skin
i cannot believe what this is doing to my skin
it's doing everything i want
my skin has never been this amazing before i can't live without it
not exactly sure how long since i'm only writing this review now
i blame myself for that
i chose a different cleanser just to try out since i didn't like the idea of sticking to one cleanser
i suppose it was fine.
for whatever reason i didn't repurchase
it doesn't feel like it's doing much at first
couldn't figure it out
i literally do not break out anymore it's incredible
let me tell you, i love it!
i've tried everything for those!
thought i'd never change my mind
didn't know what to expect from this cleanser
he can't live without it
this cleanser surprised me the first time i used it because i didn't know it was warming
could not find a skin care routine that would help it
first let me say
didn't dry me out and didn't leave any film.
this product does neither of those things.
i think it does what it says in the description.
i think if they actually tried the product they wouldn't focus only on ingredients
you have to try this it is like no other
you will be glad you did
i didn't seem to have luck trying to get one or two drops that way
does exactly what it says it will do!
didn't actually seem to have tried the product
i like this product because 1
you wont regret it.. try for a month.
do notice it helps give me a lift
didn't want to use the whole sample too fast
i honestly was not expecting much since i've used a similar product before
now that i know it works
not sure that's one of the claims
i can't speak to if this is s choice for you
when i run out i do notice the difference
maybe had gone bad or outdated to my guess
it does what it claims to.
i promise you won't believe the results
om breakouts that when they do happen they are those bad ones that really take awhile to go away
" or whatever were really bothering me
i'll never know what might happen when trying new products
it actually does what it says
not sure which cream i'll commit to since i love the algenist
i love what this did for my skin.
it's going to break the bank :
i don't see myself switching ever
i can say without a doubt
not sure if i will order because of those pesky pegs
i've yet to find something to do that much
t did seem to firm my skin up
this didn't seem to be an issue with this product
people ask me what i use on my skin
thinking it wouldn't do anything like most products
anyway, this product works, it really does.
some of us might not prefer that ingredient?
i don't know how to verbalize it right
at least it's something.
does not break out my skin
i've had many many people say i don't look my age
didn't realize how well it worked
one of the few things i can say is absolutely worth it
it didn't even out my skin as much as i thought it would
don't stop at just the face either
i can't afford this stuff
this stuff doesn't bother me at all.
have to use something else
i wouldnt pay this price unless it really worked.
not sure exactly how it does what it does
i do wish they weren't so expensive
if you can afford it, get it :)
i only use it at night because it doesn't have spf
while it did not eliminate it
i didn't expect it to
nothing else works like this product.
lol it might be just me though.
there aren't any out there.
if you're like me
you'll know why it's worth so much
even when i dont
believe it or not
you know the story.
but anyways, i used this on my neck.
i wish i could afford this.
because i can't think of any product that worked on those lines
i've never seen an eye product actually work.
needless to say, i'm still using it.
if you try this
i don't think that it can really lift
this would not be it
i honestly could not be happier with the results.
can't say enough about this product
didn't have the results i wanted
i did want something that can delay the process
have to say it's working
this does not provide enough moisture for me
if you don't return it!
so i tried this product.
i can actually see a difference
i didn't want it taken out of context
the only thing i didn't like was the pump it doesn't dispense enough product
does not work like youthology like i thought it would
is not a miracle product
we'll see how that goes
i honestly could never tell if it did anything or not
i think i notice a difference
thought i would try it
i can't say that is has decreased the lines
it's not causing any problem so far
which i don't have anyway
when i don't use it
i give it 4 stars because i have not seen any lifting yet
didn't have any makeup on
it didn't necessarily show dramatic results
i can't tell you exactly what it is about this
i do no have this problem with algenist.
this one actually lives up to the hype
when i say tried
i mean i used them day
it does what it claims
it's hard not to sound like i'm exaggerating when i say
does this mean it will work for everyone
can't say if this would help that at all
that it doesn't contain things i don't want on my face
i don't notice the little fine lines that were starting to show up anymore
sometimes not at all
all i can say is wow
it's such a good product i'm willing to ignore the smell
the only reason that i didn't give it 5/5 is because i work in a factory
can't believe the difference it has made on my skin
it didn't bother me
doesn't break me out
it does what it is meant to do.
not as bad as before
no texture anymore either.
i can already tell i love it
if you are the type with easily irritate able skin you should definitely use this
it's not at all
not for my skin apparently
i can't get enough.
then i found this in my bag although i was hesitant to use it i did it anyway
i don't know why this is working now
i did not see a difference in the appearance of my pores
not this one - this guy's a keeper!
i don't know if i'll ever use another moisturizer
though i do think it needs steps beforeh
i don't think that this is the product for you
it does not make you break out at all
whoever thought this was expensive obviously doesn't shop much at sephora
doesn't make my foundation seperate.
i might keep it because it's a good product all around- i wish it did give me more of a matte finish
it does exactly what it claims
this wonder in a jar does just that
i didn't really like it because i was putting on too much
the product doesn't make me break out
t ends up being a great value anyway
this has done exactly that.
i cannot rave about this product enough.
this cream is everything i could ask for
and i will buy it until i can't buy it anymore!
i am beyond happy with the results that i even dare to go without make up
i don't know how korres does it
i don't know what i'd do without this product.
i cannot tell you how much money i've spent
if one in this line makes a difference for me
every store i have close to me dont sale it anymore
the sales person at the store told me it's not for me because i have acne
i can't imagine ever using anything else!
it's a big investment no doubt
i didn't think it would work for me
i do not know what is the magic in this balm that works so well for me
this will not disappoint
i did not hesitate to test it out as such
it's not a bad thing, just a surprise!
if you try to just rub in like other moisturizers you will be disappointed in the spread ability as it is not made to go on this way
can't be that different"
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
the scent doesn't bother me at all anymore
it's a good product anyway
wow i can really tell the difference on days when i didn't use this the night before
it doesn't take much to apply
i tried it only because i love and trust korres.
i didn't think i would notice a difference
the people saying this "stinks" are overreacting.
can i just say
ignore the people saying the smell is too strong.
i don't know what it is doing or what kind of sorcery it uses
i know every time i use it
on your face- you're going to hate this
i didn't see much of anything
as with everything else in this line
it did seem to even out my skin tone
it didn't break me out one bit
i don't think i ever want to live without it at this point lol
i don't believe at this point i could live without it lol
it does not seem to be doing anything for fine lines at this time
it has yet to do anything amazing to my skin
i didn't notice it was just a night cream.
doesn't work as well
i wasn't expecting much
didn't get much sleep
seems to do the trick
this product does not bother me
i don't know if this is doing anything to even my skintone
it's not exactly tacky, but you know it's there.
i wouldn't say i noticed any kind of brightening over time
it does everything it says its suppose to do.
this doesn't break me out
f you do not like that smell then beware
which i never usually do.
i did not find it rich enough to be a night cream
even when you don't use a lot of the product
i've never met a korres product i didn't like
this product did not break me out
you don't need a lot
not sure why there is so many disappointments.
i see if difference.
can't rave enough about it
i can't recommend it enough
get why that could make people hesitate
just another korres product i can't live without now that i've tried this
didn't burn my face
certainly not for daytime use
i think it does help to even out skin tone
i didn't think it would help since generally hypo pigmentation does not go away
i wasn't paying attention needless to say.
i love what it does to my skin
it didn't bother my face at all
it didn't bother my skin at all
hadn't done anything else new
haven't yet tried it in the tube
i do think the packaging is a miss
doesn't seem to break me out
i think i may have found it
though i was skeptical when the sephora makeup artist recommended this product because it didn't look like i would expect a cleanser to look
you can control how much you use
can't wait to see how she likes it
i don't need anything else.
i did not want to even consider this cleanser when i first saw it
i tell everyone i know about this product
it doesn't take a lot of product to get the job done
which i suppose is normal
maybe i will get this as a treat yo self thing.
i recommend this to everyone except around the eyes
doesn't make me break out?
does what it says it does
once you know how to use this, it's great.
yet i was fine when i didn't wash my face
would be five stars if it didn't sting eyes so much
i don't know if anyone else has ever noticed there skin doesn't love true moisturizer creams
i would have given it 5 stars if only it didn't sting my eyes so badly
only thing that i didn't like is that i can't use it around my eyes
it's really not a big deal for me because i use an eye make up remover anyway
not a film as others said
anywhere else on my face
have to mention that it did not break me out even though i have normal/oily combination
'll repurchase something else when it's done
not a fan of the smell
i didn't expect it to
doesn't break me out
it just wasn't the same
i cannot give enough praise on this one
you don't need to use much product for this one to work
won't make me break out or anything like that
it doesn't even look like i've used any
not get any in your eyes
make sure you don't get it in your eyes
so the price isn't bad
i would recommend this to anyone
i'd say it's not ideal or thorough in this regard
if thatâ€™s your preference or if you do not have sensitive skin
you only need about a dime size so this product will go a long way for it's price
i didn't notice the smell at all
i say give it a try!
really red if it doesn't agree
does exactly what it's supposed to
if you don't use this exactly as the directions say it won't work as well
you do have to make sure not to use to much
if you're willing to spend
this is the way to do it
figured i had nothing to lose
i didn't like it at first
it doesn't at all
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to try something different
you'll wonder what you did before
didn't want it showing all over my face
don't let the price scare you, it works.
yes this is something
i can't deny it's claims --
it never ceases to amaze the client as well as myself
i know not all products work for every person.
i personally believe in this product
i think it is a must-have in everyone's "treatment" step
it doesn't mention this
you do not need as much as the instructions claim
i notice there are some reviews where people say it didn't do much for their skin
i don't just use it morning
i do not like the applicator which is why i gave it 4 stars
does not even feel like you have anything on your face
we couldn't believe our eyes!
i think the price tag is a bit ridiculous.
all i can say is omgggg
you will not believe the change in your skins look
it did not disappoint
i don't need to wear makeup on my days off anymore
i don't use everyday anymore
i certainly lilke it enough to contunue using
not sure about long-term.
i don't have alot of wrinkles or anything like that to worry about
can't comment on how it does with those
decided to give this a try for no other reason than i've loved everything i've ever bought from kate
this one did not disappoint!
you got what you are paying for
what do they do?
this product is jot supposed to make a difference right away
cannot recommend it enough
we arent going tl notice the subtle changes in ourselves for the first few weeks
i am 68 and did not expect this kind of change.
if it doesnt work on them its either because they have laugh lines like trenches or they havent used the product for 3 weeks day
can't tell when almost out
anything that you can imagine
this was the only thing i did different.
i can't wait to buy this!
and yes, it does have a certain smell to it.
i knew i had found something that might actually make a difference
trust me i've tried them all
it surely did save my skin
people complaining about the "horrible fishy smell" they say
it certainly doesn't have a fragrance
as if it's just had a long
i gave it a shot anyway and i'm glad i did.
which is the only reason not giving 5 stars
that doesn't fully take care of the issue
i must say i am so glad i did
i honestly don't think it's as bad as everyone makes it out to be
it does't bother me because i can't smell it when it's on my face
glowy which is exactly what i want
not of the oil though
immediately loved what it did for my skin
that's not the case here- plus
this stuff is the only thing that i've found that makes them disappear all day
i love it and i have tried many!
i do wish it wasn't so pricey
this does not break me out or irritate
figured it couldn't be *that bad*
i couldn't believe how many people were complaining about the smell
i didn't mind the smell at all.
but honestly, it's not that bad.
at least it didn't bother me that much.
so i must say that i'm ok with the smell.
it didn't bother me that much
there's no way you won't be satisfied
didn't work "miracles" on my skin
i am just sad i didn't discover this sooner.
dont let the bad reviews about smell deter you from trying it
has cleared my skin enough so that i barely even bother with makeup anymore
not sure if it actually depuffs
some not so fine
no break outs what so ever
it probably does a fine job
if the smell doesn't bother you
just not for me
i am afraid i could only use it in winter
don't get what the fuss is all about
ok so this isn't technically a night cream
really you can't go wrong with his stuff.
it's not too much
wish it wasn't so pricey
it wasn't doing anything
it didn't break me out
can't wait to try the rest of the line.
you don't need a lot so this product will as you a long time
it doesn't bother me
let me first say i love the smell
i don't know what people are talking about
who cares about a smell if something works
not for a only eye
it really does not bother me
we'll see how it goes in a month
i really haven't seen much change yet.
i keep it in my purse in case i or someone else needs it
f you like/don't like that be aware that it will do that
this has caused me to take advil on a daily basis which i know is not good to do
i wasn't sure whether this would work
didn't know if i wanted to let loose of the twelve dollars for such a little bottle
i even use it on my 4
you name it i tried it
by that i mean
i still did not need to touch up
doesn't break me out
can't say enough good things about this product!
i can't be without it now.
i tried couple serums before that didn't help at all
this one did the trick.
it does not make me break out either.
really, i couldn't recommend it enough.
that is why i will not give it 5 stars
you don't have to use a lot
it doesn't take care of the problem 100%
it surprised me to see so many people expressing negative reviews as i found this serum doing exactly what it is supposed to do
i may be wrong
not sure how this hasn't worked for some of you.
to the people who say that it stinks like dog breath
i really don't know why this product gets so many negative reviews
knew i could not buy one without the other
i didn't mind it at all
doesn't happen with this one!
i do not break out from this
i would recommend it to anyone my age
can't say enough good things about this wash
doesn't break me out
one thing to note though is this is not meant to remove eye makeup
i can't live without it
unfortunately i'm not at a point in my life where i can drop $100 on a moisturizer anymore
yes it is pricey but it works.
i must say though i had to use another moisturizer
it's light and never makes me breakout.
it does it's job
i wouldn't wear it alone.
it does what i want
you don't need to apply much
it did not disappoint
i never review anything
pls resist the urge to do this or it will just sit ontop of the skin
this is a 5/5 for me forsure i cant live without it now
not just a quick fix
not all the way
i do not have wrinkles
this is the only thing that i've tried that i could really tell a difference
although it does make a difference
this product does not irritate whatsoever
the product does wonders!
had not really used it
it does not irritate
i wouldn't call this product a miracle
it does exactly what it says
we cannot get enough
couldn't do much to fix it
it doesn't do much
then nothing really does
even tho i didn't exactly feel that way lol
it isn't a lot of product, not for the price.
i wasn't so sure about this one
just not quite what i expected from boscia br
it does exactly what it promises!
this balm does exactly that.
which is does not at all
my one complaint is the same as everyone else
not enough product for the price
that is not the case
there's not a lot of product
its so easy to do
i don't know if this actually does anything
however i do say that i have chronic tired eyes
so does my boyfriend
i give this 4/5 stars because i didn't see much improvement in dark circles
this product does everything it promises!
does not take it away completely
you can't really smell it that much
4 stars only cuz i don't really see the de-puff yet
i didn't want to pay the price for it
break me out or are not rich enough
i can't help it
but this one didn't.
i can't say it has improved my skin a lot.
what more can i ask for!
i don't care that this product is not made for me
t's not just that this doesn't cause me breakouts
this one does not disappoint
you get what you pay for.
you may not need this
nocother facial lotuon ever did this for me altough many claim so
which didn't seem to have the same effect as it previously did
didn't care for it- probably because i was used to zero scent from the avene line
i can't wait to try the night products.thank you!
i love it because i can put it on
i wanted it to not make a difference with my skin
so, i figured i would try this moisturizer.
they do what they promise
it did not seem to make my face break out which is definitely a plus for it
for anyone that is on the fence about purchasing any of these products dont be you will be glad that you did
it does what it says
it's hard to describe what changed about my skin
that ingredient is apparently not a joke
i can't say how much i love it
this was the first i've tried that does not do that
don't know whether it works for everyone
i like the fact that isn't in a bottle not a jar
they do what they promise
they do what they promise
i can say that it's a pleasure to use
i can't get enough of them
almost can't wait for this to run out
i love everything about it ( except the price).
since that's all i can afford
so has everyone else
i want to try everything in the line
don't know about that
as you don't need to use much
i promise you this does what it claims
another plus is that i didn't have to use much product
they do what they promise
i cant thank these products enough.
please believe me when i say it is worth it
it's a must have for me.
don't let this scare you off
it's not strong at all.
i will use the old adage you get what you pay for
oh how i wish this weren't so expensive.
they do what they promise
i love that they care about what they put in there products
if you don't mind the price
they do what they promise
i did not think it was greasy
it doesn't break me out
it does not bother me at all
doesn't do as much as you would think
the only downside seems to be is that when i'd say you've used about 2/3 of the bottle
the pump just doesn't seem to get much out
or even if they think they are hydrating the truth is they're really aren't
gave it 4 stars because i cannot comment just yet on the correcting aspect
doesn't really give you a look that you want to run out of the house with
by waiting, i found that did not happen.
it doesn't bother my skin no matter what
some do not like how it smells, but i enjoy it.
the product does not break me out
let me tell you
i wish they made a travel size of this stuff!!
wish it wasn't so expensive
i don't think i can ever go back to anything else
this one did everything it stated on the bottle
so, if you can, do try it!
you won't regret it!
this did not irritate me at all
i don't find it to be that bad.
it's all in thanks to this product right here
no one can even smell it besides you
i can't say enough good things about this face boil
this does not make me break out
i can't describe it
i personally don't think that it absorbs quickly
can't say a bad thing about it
i don't love it to the point i can't live without it
i don't think i would repurchase after i'm done with my bottle
now my skin can't live without it.
i wasn't expecting for my skin to love this
this oil doesn't break me which makes me love it
it doesn't cause me to break out
honestly i'd pay anything to have my skin glow the way it does because of this oil
i didn't want to love this because of the price point however after trying it for a couple of days
let me tell you that much
i cant get enough of this on my face at night.
just not on my t-zone
doesn't seem to affect the use of my foundation
i don't like spending a lot of money on something one could argue is not needed
i love everything about it except the price.
i can honestly say it has helped change the appearance of my skin completely
it was actually not overwhelming
don't be afraid to approach this item
some might be bothered by the smell
i tried juno to see if i would like it as well
that's not to say it isn't a good product
i started learning that unfortunatley you do get what you pay for
this product does wonders for it
it doesn't stay long
one of the first products i've tried that actually does what it says
it hasn't made me breakout
i never knew i could love a face oil so much.
: if you can afford the $90
i don't look it
it does what it says
does what it says
thank god for sephora for giving sample the products otherwise i didn't know how great they are
it does what it says
i think it would be outst
i couldn't ask anything more from a face oil.
i didn't have much expectations for this oil
it isn't that off-putting to me
overall, nothing that i can't handle.
this did not irritate my skin at all
get it and you won't regret it.
it certainly does its job
actually makes me want to use it less
i simply love this!
this product does everything it says it does
had to return because i hated the idea of wasting it
doesn't make me break out
i am not sure it is extra-special enough to justify the price
but wish this wasn't so expensive.
still can't believe the difference it has made in my skin
have not even a small shred of truth to them
so i called in the big guns.
i don't think it will give you any life changing results
i can't live without it
what can i say about this that hasn't already been said?
i didn't want to like it because pricey.
it doesn't last long
it's unfortunate that i can't go back considering how expensive this is
i will say this
if you know what i mean?
even if i get one
i don't need to use foundation anymore
i can honestly say that my skin has never looked better
u know it has to be a great product if i'm still willing to deal with a more oily face just to have the results that this product offers
see if it helps control the oil while still getting good results cause after all it's still a sunday riley product
there's no other way to put it.
if you are in your 40's
i can't say enough about this stuff!
products i've tried i can honestly say this is the first that actually shows measurable results
i'll never be without this stuff!!!
do what works for you
yes, it's pricey - but you won't be sorry.
i figured i would give this a try
why bother with anything else!
because i mean with that price tag i had to be sure
i just don't know if i'll ever be able to afford it
not only do i love it
this treatment will not disappoint.
it does everything it claims.
you need to try this
you won't feel much
continue to love what it does for my skin
so be very carful when you apply this stuff to not let anything or anyone
i don't have wrinkles or anything else
i can't even believe how good my face feels.
let me tell you
you'll never want to be without
i can't imagine not using these products
my makeup would not sit well in that area
i will not go without it
i couldn't find it for a while here on sephora
i really couldn't believe all the hype until i got a small sample of this as a 100 point perk
it didn't work out for me at all
i wish it wasn't as expensive
i didn't want to like it.
used it i don't think i can ever go back to the life where i didn't have it
if you're hesitant i would try a sample
see if you like it
didn't even want to go near it.
i guess i will have to buy it!!!
no other product can do this for me.
although it's hard to know if it's a combination of all of them or one individual product
i wouldn't call it bad
no other words to say!!
good genes alone didn't do much for fine lines
if you are 20 years old you probably would not do need any kind of wrinkle treatment
so no it's probably not going to work.
nothing else i've tried ever has.
i asked do many samples of this stuff at sephora it is just embarrassing
if there's one thing i'm willing to splurge on
i can see why some people would break out
it did the same thing for me
i would say to start with a little mixed in your moisturizer at first if you've never used anything like this before
i can't say enough good things
i absolutely could not recommend this product anymore
it did not let me down
i didn't mind it
i do not have breakouts at all
man does it do wonders for your skin
i wouldn't like it
nothing else i've tried has been able to compare.
the smell is exactly what it's supposed to smell like
tone if you want to
i think it's called
it can't do everything for everyone
if you can afford it
what works for some may not work for others
people ask me what i use.
was it not bad enough at $175?
if you've never tried it you probably shouldn't
because i don't think i'll ever stop using this
i won't use it
even if i do break out
tighter skin that i didn't even know i needed
i don't know if i can afford to repurchase this product once it's done
i don't know what magic is in here
you name it i've tried it
i did not want to spend that much money on this product
i did notice that yes
sadly the luna oil didn't do much for me
once i saw the price i thought "oh h*** no"
it did wonders with controlling my break outs
that didn't stop me from the bottle of this
do i really want to spend this much money?
the answer is yes.
i couldn't help myself with this
i wanted to know what all the hype is about
i can't rave enough of this product.
sadly my skin didn't take to it
a product that does exactly what it says!
cannot go without this.
i can't live without it
i wish this wasn't so expensive
i wish this didn't work so well
even though it's not made for that
this does not help with that
i would say if you have the money
it's so hard for me to not use this everyday!!
this cleanser isn't what i thought it would be
decided to try it anyway
i actually like the smell of this
i couldn't believe my skin transformation.
i can tell you they work
you won't be sorry.
doesn't bother me at all
get it, you won't regret it.
i would not by it because i can not get over the smell it's just so bad
this is the only thing that won't break me out
it i just can't get over how it's completely gone
i think i just needed to get used to something that doesn't bubble
every time i try something else my skin just doesn't feel the same
when i received this in my play box i didn't think much of it
c'mon, it's good but it doesn't work miracles.
i don't use it every day
can we talk about the pores y'all?
it does what it claims to do
give this a truth if you've been unhappy with all the cleansers you've tried in the past
i don't even notice it.
after a simply day of using it you could tell the difference in my skin
it does the job.
i seriously can't recommend this enough!
i can't believe that i didn't try this sooner
don't let the price tag intimidate you.
you honestly get what you pay for
it didn't get all my makeup off
the first thing you're going to notice about this product is the smell
which is what i like to do
i could say i love what this does to my face though
that is no exaggeration.
i don't mind the smell at all that some of complained about
i couldn't figure out what was going on
this does not irritate me
it's not a life changing
it does it's job
don't hesitate to buy this
it doesn't work over night
i love this cleanser more for what it doesn't do
it's not an overnight game changer
i didn't want to love it because of the cost
i just don't like anything else as much
gives me a glow i can honestly say i have never seen before
i promise you that it will change your skin.
it does the trick
it does the job it is intended to do
my only regret is that it does not absorb better
i don't think that's happening because of the cleanser
it doesn't make me break out either.
i really didn't see a difference
does not foam as much as i would prefer
this cleanser does every thing it claims to do.
i can't begin to understand the complaints.
reviewers who are talking about how this doesn't smell good?
it does exactly what it says!
one pump is just enough
after using for awhile it's not that bad
i just can't say enough good things about this cleanser
didn't want to get this because of the price
you can't go wrong with this product.
i tell anyone who will listen about it.
truthfully, i wasn't expecting any results.
which sephora doesn't carry unfortunately
it does not happen with this
i just don't see the hype
thats not what i want.
i love those because you can try products you normally wouldn't buy
not true in my case
if you are over 50 i think you will like this.
i even bought an extra jar because i never want to be without this stuff
it's a shame i wasted half of it because i didn't know how to use it
it helped with breakouts i didn't really breakout from it
i wasn't so sure about this oil at first
i cannot say enough good about this product.
i can't say that i notice any reduction in lines
i tried the v-sense alone to see how it did
you aren't going to get the same results.
no idea what's actually in this stuff
i really can't stop raving about this stuff
you can notice the difference on nights you do not put it on
i just want to point out that while it is true you don't see in the ingredient list something called 'retinoid'
for some reason i just like this product.
itÂ´s like my skin wantÂ´s it and i donÂ´t know why.
this product did not make my skin break out
all in all i would say it's a great product.
this product has not made me break-out or irritated my skin what-so-ever
you won't regret it
how often do you find a product that lives up to the hype?
i couldn't quite believe that after 1 use
nor did i mind the scent of it.
it's bothered me for about 5 years
i can't wait to see the improvement in a month
what i also like is that i don't have to worry if my face cream has retinol in it because this does
now i know why the girls at sephora were raving about this
you can't beat the price either.
i could not live without this product.
it's not immediate like most algenist products
my guess the bad reviews are from algenist customers who usually see immediate results?
please don't make my mistake!
what more can you say!
they didn't completely disappear
first use did not see any difference at all
this is not a miracle cure
i do see a difference
if i don't use it i can still see those lines
but it wasn't helping with the lines at all.
i didn't want to admit that my wrinkles were officially "deep"
at my age you can't help
this does help to hide them better then anything else i have used
every woman should not only use a retinod
i couldn't speak to the over-time diminishing of lines as i didn't set out to test that theory
all i know is that i never put on makeup without it
i wasn't sure about this one
i don't expect anything less than surgery would do so
this product does just what it says
i would tell anyone
this product holds true to what it says it does
i don't want to be without it
probably a mistake as i like to do research before buying anything that's a little pricey
thus stuff does exactly what it says.
it does exactly that.
let me tell you
it didn't seem like anything special at first
can't comment too much on if its been controlling my acne
i can say that this
my skin didn't clear up
could not find one that i thoroughly liked
i put off using it for anything other than spot treating because i couldn't st
with any new product i was afraid of it making my skin worse
because it won't happen
i do use this only at night simply because i need to use a moisturizer with spf during the day or else i will burn
i could seriously cry!
it is because i tried something new or didn't bring it on vacation
this is a product i can't seem to live without
it not only keeps my skin clear
i don't have enough good things to say about this moisturizer
i can't use it at night
doesn't break me out
if it doesn't then try another product
remember not all skins are going to react the same to a product
i think reviewers who say they get dry skin need to find out the frequency that works for them
have not used anything else
i didn't think it would bother me
i almost didn't buy it for this reason
again i dont mind because i hardly ever have break outs anymore
why can't you leave well enough alone?
it didn't work immediatley
this does not make her breakout.
i don't know where i'd be without this stuff
trust me i have tried it all
i do not like the tube it comes in
i can't live without this product.
i could feel that they weren't worsening
this one didn't not cause me to rash or burn me
they don't hurt anymore
nothing else has cleared my skin like this has.
i would recommend it to anyone :)
no longer hurt where i didn't have to mess with them
this did not affect me i use this in my skin care routine
i think that this spot treatment doesn't get the credit it deserves
has made it where i don't need to wear foundation anymore
one thing i don't like is that with the pump
the only thing is
couldn't say how it would work for someone with persistent acne problems
it does the job
i wanted to try it
have tried everything so why not this?
will never use anything else
you won't be sorry if you buy this.
it does what it's suppose to do
i cannot go a day without it.
i won't do without it.
i forgot how much i love it.
as you all know
wasn't sure which one to try
yes it's amazing to say the least
this hasn't bothered it at all
you don't have to wait for it to do what it's supposed to do
it's not expensive either which is great.
it doesn't make me break out
i can go out with no makeup
i don't know what's in this stuff
you don't need a lot of it either.
it does not seem to add to my break outs
didn't just sit on top of it
i don't think that it was at all
it's not strong at all
if you're thinking of buying this
haven't got anything else
for 22 bucks you can't go wrong
cannot say enough good things about this moisturizer
it not only gives you instant
you can't beat the price for the quality!
it's not too much
decided to put some of this on it which doesn't irritate it
it isn't at all
i don't necessarily think it's lightweight: i think it's quite rich
i did not break out
i never knew my skin could look
this does not break me out
not to mention, it's a great price.
i prefer it that way
doesn't make me break out though i'm prone to it
it doesn't really have a smell to it.
wait how can i forget to tell you
it didn't treat it right
i can't go a day without it!
you do not need to layer it on
that seems to do the trick
i found it wasn't enough
if i can't afford my higher end ones that i like
it does it's job well
it's cheap enough that you're not breaking the bank if you don't like it
i can promise that you will
can't really speak on how it reduces those
i am deducting one star because it didn't do anything in regards to under eye dark circles
you are quite literally unable to do anything
i didn't even put it in the fridge
i honestly wouldn't care if it didn't do anything at all because it feels so nice
the only thing i didn't like was that it's kind of slimy
my eyes did not hurt at all
i couldn't believe it was real
at first i was a little annoyed that i wouldn't be able to do anything while wearing it
a couple of minutes in i couldn't care less that i wasn't able to do anything
you can't do anything while you're wearing it
that didn't bother me at all
for $6 you really can't go wrong
it didn't leave behind any residue either
i would recommend this to anyone who is tired.
you know the one where you cry for hours
i didn't believe it was possible for red
amazing doesn't even begin to describe this product
i didn't get enough sleep
does not really have a scent which i like
i can't really tell if my eyes are less puffy or not yet
it does exactly what it says.
i've never tried anything like this
as i don't think any product can
'll continue using it even though it's super annoying to use since it's actually like a mask so you can't see anything at all for the 10-20 minutes
i recommend this mask to anyone and everyone!!!
since you really can't do anything when wearing this
you gotta use it at least a couple of weeks
maybe do a before/after pic
can see for myself if there is any difference
maybe i was hoping for miracles
this did make a difference
i look like i don't even need coffee!
can honestly say i noticed results instantly
i don't know how well they actually work
wasn't sure if it was just another useless purchase
let me say this: wow!!!
i can't say for sure that it made any drastic changes to my appearance
okay not entirely sure they do a lot of de-puffing
not sure how it works
it did the trick!
i also didn't expect it to do these things.
i honestly don't know if this erases signs of fatigue like it says
for big events or days when i didn't get enough sleep the night before
i didn't look tired
so why not try out the eye mask
although it's for 1 time use i feel like you can get a couple uses out if it
why us this product not in stock??
i didn't see any reduction in under eye circles
maybe if my eyes weren't
i didn't think something like this existed!!!
can't wait to see how my skin looks after continued use
i can't say enough great things about it
hope it works for you like it did for me!
my skin is clearing like crazy i honestly can't believe it
you don't need a lot of it
i cannot recommend enough!!
one thing i hate is hyperbole
i can't praise this product enough.
not only does it help breakouts
feeling like enough is enough i did some research
knowing there was a purging period i didn't think much of it
don't over do it
i did not want to leave the house.
i didn't really see a difference until i started using this
i don't know what i'd do if they stopped making this
not to mention so smooth!
over the counter products won't work no matter how much or how little you spend if the issue isn't what you're putting on your face
it's not a bad product
it's just not the right product for you
pricing is a bit ridiculous for this product i'm new to peter thomas this is not to be put all over your face just the problem spots
after one day of using it i wanted to cry my skin was so clear
it works like nothing else
i couldn't find anything that could help clear
now i can't live without it
so glad i found a product that does exactly what it says it'll do
i know it works because if i get lazy
i mean, almost gone!
i really hope that sephora just can't keep it in stock due to high dem
if you are thinking of the price
i can go without the unwrinkle but not this!
not only did it clear up my acne
please do not ever do away with this product!!
i would hate to be without it
didn't see immediate results
i honestly couldn't even underst
love this product would recommend to anyone.
after reading all the reviews i figured why not jus try
i really wanted something that would fix my problem
i wish i could give this 10 stars!
luckily i have not had any issues with that
it seems to do the trick
it didn't ruin my foundation
if you don't have
not even to the beach
i do not have even one pimple
does everything it claims to do
this gel does exactly what it says on description
i don't think it would work well under makeup
i can't be without these two now
i don't know where this product has been hiding!
i can honestly say that while i'm treating my skin for its issues
i can't believe i ever tried anything else.
anyway i find it's effective
it's the one thing that motivates me to stick to my nightly routine no matter how tired i am
it's the only thing that really does keep my skin clear
i've tried a few other products when i couldn't get this one
doesn't cause me to break out more
it did just that
it did for me too
as i can't tell you how many times i've added
you get what you pay for
woah i can't believe how pricey this is.
i guess the skin is used to the formula
it doesn't have any effect anymore
you will not believe how much that will make a difference
and they're quite small and going away anyway.
what i do know is that after trying this product it doesn't matter
though because of it's nature i'm sure my current bottle will last a good while
you can't take those for long periods of time
i didn't have high hopes for this product because if prescription topicals didn't work why would this
it would be unusual if you didn't!!!
even though it doesn't seem to reduce the number
i do like this product
did you just read that?
i wish it didn't have alcohol.
tell that it works
i can say i see results
no matter what i've tried nothing worked
like many others, i have tried it all.
there is no miracle product out there
btw, i don't like pump because it gives too much.
you won't regret this purchase
does everything it claims
if a product is effective then the smell doesn't factor into my opinion of it at all
so even though i haven't been using it long enough to tell
cause i can't bear to see some people give on star to this product
does not make me break out
ing why people say bad things about it
i guess you still need to try one product to see if it is suit you or not
nothing else like it.
it doesn't bother me
does not aid it either
i also didn't like that you couldn't see how much was left
the only thing i really don't like about this is the packaging can't really tell when your almost out
i recommend it to everyone.
i don't think it will be
the only one that does not make my skin break out
i could not find anything that was as gentle
i did like it however just thought i could find something that did a little more
acne nothing i should complain about
i would definitely recommend to anyone!
this product is not only not heavy
so when i ran out of my bottle i was just curious to look at other ones because for some reason my skin couldn't completely clear up
you don't want to know how many moisturizers i've tried over the years
it doesn't cause me to break out at all
i must say i love all of his products i have tried so far
let me first just say that i have some serious problem skin-- combination
i don't know if i just got a defective one.
just in case because i truly cannot live without it
you would not know this however if you looked at my skin
this is one of the very few out there that doesn't make me break out
i dare you to try it!
i really do not think it has caused my skin to break out at all
the only cream that i didn't break out for.
you cannot see how much product is left
i can't say enough about this product.
although i did not like this one
this does not happen with ptr.
i do not have any acne since switching
normally i could not justify spending $42
neither have ever happened with this product
i'd say it lasts for maybe a month
he would never have tried anything that looked too feminine
so this doesn't make me break out
you will never go wrong with ptr!
i can't live without this stuff!
this didn't break me out at all
i would definitel recommend this to anyone.
it does not cause breakouts
didn't care for it as much
with this i don't really need that
didn't make my face break out either!
then you shouldn't have any problems
i think it does help
you have no idea how many products i've tried
i think someone who has normal or dry skin wouldnt like this
this may not be for you
buy it-you will not regret it.
does not cause breakouts
otherwise i think it would have been the one.
i can honestly say this is the only one that really does the trick
boy was i wrong the formula didn't seem to dry fully
apparently i should "keep doing whatever i'm doing
it does matify my t zone immediately
it does exactly what it says
i couldn't ask for more!
this product does everything.
i can't imagine being without this
i can't live without it
i can't tell you enough how this has completely changed my life
i went from wearing full coverage foundation to not wanting to wear anything
has not made me breakout.
didn't seem to do much
can't live without it now.
because this is all you need
you need to use it just a few dots
i would never go to any other product
there's no words to describe it!
not only have i not broken out
don't know if i'm in love with it yet
sometimes i have immediate results and then eh.
peaple ask if i done something on my face it fill firmer
because as a junkie i will try something else as i know now this works
i am wondering how long the kit lasts though.
all i could was laugh
trust me when i say
not just make up
it does not have any scent so when you put in on your face you almost forget its there
i must say that i would never have tried this product if it wasn't a sample
wondering if it's new?
i am 57 so no miracles
it's not meant to do that
i can't go a day without it.
this one does the trick
i would recommend this to anyone
i know that sounds ridiculous
i simply can't say enough good things about this product
this one does not let me down
i can honestly say that this acaudalar serum has changed my life
i will seriously cry if they ever stop producing this
i can't go without it
i couldn't see myself without it
simply will not go without it
let me just say
it did not disappoint
i can't go without it
if you're wondering if you should purchase it
you won't regret it
my skin does not like it when i go without
before you notice it's working
i can't even tell you how much i love this stuff!
please do not use if you have dry skin it won't work
this does not bug it at all
this product does not break me out at all
do what they say they'll do
i like being able to put this product anywhere on my face w/o having to worry that it will cause any irritation
it does not contain oil
you only need one
i went to sephora not knowing what to look for.
you will not regret.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that
it feels like i didn't put any on
it has nothing bad that i need to worry about
the bottle doesn't last that long
anything will cause a breakout for me.
it does what it claims.
this not only does the job
i can tell the difference in my skin
at first i didn't think this product did very much
this will not do that.
i don't even really know how to describe it
light enough you can tolerate
i always worry it might break in my purse
seems you either love or hate the smell though.
i find that unless i sniff my arms i do not even smell it
:) try it you will not regret it.
did not like it for my hair
i tell everyone about this product.
i swear this is why
this is not for you
i personally can't get enough.
everything that you would expect a divine oil to be
the oil is not in anyway greasy
it does not irritate my face
bought this to use on my body i can't say enough about this product
the scent doesn't bother me too much
never used it on my face or hair so cannot comment on that
don't find that i need to use it that often
it doesn't last of the whole day
nothing compares to what this stuff can do after only a few seconds of application
i can't day enough about it.
the smell is honestly not my thing
my face just didn't have a healthy look.
can't live without this stuff
now i know why they call this divine oil.
i can't live without this oil.
it does the trick
i didn't think i'd end up purchasing any of them
i don't know how caudalie does it -- all of their products are real winners
that way it doesn't compete with anything else i might wear during the day
i didn't see a big difference there
i buy so much of my products at sephora because if it does t work out you can return without a hassle
i can't say enough praise for claudalie!
i just wish it wasn't so pricey
i can't even imagine using anything else anymore
i couldn't have been more wrong!
funny thing is that i didn't like the scent at first
you don't need much
i can't wait to see how it looks in the morning.
i dont use this on any kind of schedule just when i need it
can't live without this.
don't get the glamglow thirstymud get this one
it does exactly what it claims to do.
i cannot say how much i love it!
i didn't know what to do
you can only get about 5-7 uses out of it
i don't think it's meant to perform miracles on the skin
this mask did everything it advertised.
it does the trick
needless to say i believe i am allergic to something that was in them
this mask does what it says.
i found it didn't work as well doing it overnight
that's what i need it for
if you're not sure
just enough to see how it works with your skin
actually heard this product from 'nicole guerro'
although it doesn't say it's for breakouts.
it does what it says
i didn't notice anything right after
but this did not irritate my skin at all.
t is hard for me to find a mask that does not break me out in little red bumps
this mask does exactly what it says.
it did not leave a residue
t still did a great job
i didn't notice a huge difference to my skin before
don't expect this product to work miracles
this did not further irritate it
not to this one at all
i could not recommend this more wholeheartedly.
dont know how other ones feel
this mask does for me exactly what it claims
did i not put enough of the oatmeal mask on?
i can't comment on how this works on the face
pros: does what it promises
f you are trying to decide between the two i would definitely recommend the cream
didn't cause me any issues with my make up
if you're just trying out the br
i can't say for sure
for $45 you really don't get much use out of it
the only reason i didn't give it five stars is it doesn't wear very well under primer
this fluid does exactly what it promises!
i can not believe how well this works!
you won't regret it
it's now my go to product
this is the only one that has not caused me any problems
it probably wonâ€™t provide enough hydration for you
decided to try something else out
did not have to blot the whole day!
i can say with 100% confidence that i would recommended this cream to anyone
this stuff works to where he doesn't have to apply it every 10 min
not as mattifying as i wish it could be
this product does exactly what it sets out to do
but not with this product!
unfortunately it doesn't last too long
this is not a primer
which is something you either love or hate
i wouldn't say that it absorbs quickly
this stuff is something i can't go a morning without
you don't need much
you're doing it wrong
can't really say that it controls oil well
definitely didn't make the problem worse or cause any breakouts
it might not be enough
found out it was something else i was using.
oh, i can not live without this.
although it does the trick
only con is that it didn't last
does exactly what it says- matifies
i don't care for that.
this one just doesn't do that
i really can't believe the difference
do nothing to control the oil in my t-zone
can't live without it!
this does the job
use something else for my nose
does what it says
not sure if that's a bad thing here.
does what it says!
i can tell on the days i opt not to use
gave it a try bc why not?
this does exactly that
i can not say enough great things about this product
let me tell you
you get what you pay for with this product
i couldn't believe it!!
it does not irritate it at all
i think the trick is knowing how much you need to use
cannot use anything else
when i use anything else
i didn't expect any good results from it because of how light it felt
i would surely die
i definitively love it.
it was so bad to the point where i couldn't even wear any make-up on my face
trust me when i say that i have tried everything
not the type to soak in immediately which is what i like
can't say enough good things about cream!
after about a week i didn't notice anymore
i cannot say enough about this cream.
what i love about caudalie is that no matter how thick
can't live without it !
does that make sense?
the product description says 12 weeks so you need to be patient if you buy this thing
i find that the tint is just enough for me to not need anything else on top
it didn't look crazy
that alone is enough to get this product
you don't need much to do the trick
all i can say is that i love it
they are not magically gone
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone
i can tell you
it wasn't a cream treatment as you would expect from clinique
it is not a miracle product
i definitely notice a difference when i don't use this product
they didn't have my go to
the only reason i didn't give it a five star
except for the part on either side of the bridge of my nose i hardly have any darkness anymore
i can't say everyone will have the same results
i can definitely tell when i don't use it.
the only thing i do notice is you do have to be religious when you use it
if you stick with it
want something that works this is the product
do not yet suffer from very dark under-eye circles
this has not caused me any issues
some may not think its working because they don't see the effects from day to day
should probably not be your only eye product of you're over 35 however
i did not see any difference for at least a month
but, it did show me that something was happening.
don't get me wrong
if you are thinking of trying this
find something else that you love :
i would recommend this to everyone!
i can't say if that's occurred
i can't speak to the dark circle treatment since it wasn't what i was trying to correct
have not used it long enough to judge on the dark circles
i would never think of going out with concealer
i can't believe people are giving it one star.
i will continue to use this as long as it does the job it's doing now
when i go without it for a few days i can really tell the difference
yes they all cover
i recommend it to everyone i know!
this product does exactly what it says it will do
not know if it have make any difference
so far i cant tell a difference
it doesn't break me out
honestly i never thought i'd use
another can't-live-without-product
never thought i would use
didn't expect to love it so much
basically anything that could help
i like it but i don't love it.
it isn't a "wow" for me
because why not try an oil?
don't second-guess buying this!
doesn't really have a smell
i don't know why they changed the formula
i swear it has to be from this because nothing else has changed
didn't buy it because of the price--
honestly doesn't bother me
actually give it a try
it did not disappoint
will not be without and my skin loves it.
it doesn't do either
i couldn't believe how great it was.
so i really didn't want to love this.
this wasn't the cause
that does the trick
i can't say i noticed any difference in my skin through the couple of months i used it
that's the only change i've made
i can see how the scent might not be for everyone
i personally don't mind it at all
did not really enjoy it
this product does exactly that.
has anyone else actually used this on burns?
i figure if it can heal like it does
i cannot say enough good things about it
i cannot stress enough how amazing this oil is.
i wasn't expecting much
i cannot rave about this product enough.
can't stop, won't stop!
believe it or not i have less breakouts
can't do that in this size
it's not as good
for me two drops isn't quite enough
although it didn't really help with shine
doesn't break me out at all
though i don't have many
i don't think its a miracle product
i don't care what they smell like
i could do without it
it doesn't seem that there is much of it
im not sure what or why
not too crazy about the smell though!
not so much anymore
honestly i have zero complaints
i cannot say enough good about this product
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
this proves me wrong
no matter what i tried or used to fix it
overall i think that the product does what it claims to do
it lasts quite a while so don't let the price scare you
i can't go a day without it.
i couldn't be happier with my decision
i don't mind it becuase of the results this gives me
for some reason i could not get enough of it for my entire face
honestly didn't think it did much
i didn't know how i was going to like this product because i hate the feeling of oil on my skin
i don't know what i ever did without it!
i guess a single product can't work for everyone however
if you do decide to try it
that's just not going to happen
they're the only product i've ever tried that actually did what it said it would
so that won't work
i've never had a skin care product cause such a quick
does what it says it will do.
i didn't expect that
you can't go wrong
so trust me that i didnt just happen to notice it
did not notice any difference
not even my mother could believe it
it will say the same thing
i did not believe spending the $$ on this would do anything
i think this product actually works
this wasn't too bad
don't be discouraged if you have to use this for 4-6 weeks to notice a difference
i wasn't even expecting that to happen
wasn't sure it was doing anything
while i am not sure if this product is designed to
i am no stranger to a break out here or there either
this is one of the few products that doesn't make me break out
i did not have immediate results
or should say had
it is not so cheap one
do you really believe in miracles?
the only reason why i am giving this product 4 stars is because i have only been using it for 2 weeks so obviously i wont see major change
they do work and this is not a lie.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
i can't say enough about this product.
after a week i felt that it wasn't working anymore
i can't believe a product actually lives up to the hype
so anything that drops through is not wasted
this is the only thing that seriously works
i told myself that i wasn't going to judge this product until i used the whole bottle
it didn't really work for me
to be honest i wasn't sure this was doing anything for me
can't say whether or not they help
i dont see a huge change as of yet.
was still willing to try anything
i will say it doesn't smell the best
it's not too bad
i would say that it's not bad enough to deter me from purchasing this item
honestly it's a huge problem
can't even feel it
not sure if it's this or all the products together
then i don't think it matters
however, the packaging is stupid.
this does not disappoint
if the product doesn't go through the opening
not sure why they call it a mask
they weren't painful at all
everything i could ask for in one product.
it's not too strong
i didn't rate it 5 stars yet considering it's only been 2 days
the only thing i don't like it the pump
although i don't necessarily have bad skin
does exactly what it advertises.
you will love it
it helped to do that
i would say it does what it claims for i have personally noticed a difference in my breakouts they saw a downfall in the very first week
after a month of religious use i have closer to no breakouts anymore even my fiance
my friends have noticed that i do not have any more pimples
you won't have any regret accept that why didn't you discover this product sooner
i didn't realize that an oil could be non-greasy
this did not bother my skin at all
i don't know if i'll use it everyday with the other ways to use it
it's not a miracle worker
you all know how embarrassing it is
t's not easy to know when to re-purchase
i can't rave about this enough.
didn't believe a mask could be this effective.
i don't see how i will live without this.
yes it does have a little smell to it
i know evwryone says this
it didn't seem to go away
you can barely see it
i didn't know what else to do
it is true which is why i wanted to share my experience
actually does what it claims
i can't even explain how great this stuff is.
i would recommend this to anyone.
im going to give it a try.
it does what it says
it does what it says!
after years of trying everything i didn't hold much hope
anyway, the murad product was horrible.
when i have not
this did the trick
it seriously works wonders!!
did not work in the past
i will try anything
it's really not that bad
not a big deal, just annoying.
you don't need much.
actually does what it says it's going to do
after all you do get what you pay for!
let me tell you
i admit that i thought that would be enough moisture come winter
sometimes it is not
you can choose to mix something else in if you'd like
i admit that the ingredients in this stuff cannot be matched by anything i know of
i know the price seems crazy
it has never done anything
unfortunately i can't splurge on this
if it wasn't for the price i would definitely splurge on this
you can see a difference
i hear from some people that this cream is even better than la mer face cream
for what it does
it does everything it says
when someone wants to tell you different
it can't be today
if you can afford this, you won't regret it.
though i haven't waited long enough to see true results
i would want it near my nose even if it didn't feel fabulous
if you suffer from eczema or are dealing with a bad case of dehydration that does not seem to go away no matter what you do
now that's saying something
i don't know if its the mushrooms or what
nothing can beat it
i did the math
let me tell you
cannot see any result for that yet.
yes it's only been a week
i love what it's doing so far
i don't know if it will last
i want to eat it
not sure i'd pay close to $200 unless it really has any anti-aging effects
doesn't last as long as the sales people say
cant believe how much it costs
i guess if you have a great product you can jack up the price
i just wish it was not this expensive!
you can't get any better than this
i can't say enough good things about this miracle in a jar
i don't need a day
don't let the $200 price tag scare you
i just wish it wasn't so pricey!
the store did not sell it
that's why i use this at night
i just can't justify it at 23 years old.
even if it did
don't have any wrinkles around my eyes or anywhere else
which didn't respond to steroids
wish it wasn't so expensive though
don't really have any fine lines
i do not regret it one bit!
it doesn't bother me
i must say my gosh
the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because of a
not much is necessary to do the job
not sure i need both.
i do not know why some of these products are so ridiculously priced
i wish this wasn't so expensive
i don't even worry about it
i don't like the price but what can i do?
thought i would try it
i dont think you should use this during the day
you wont get the most out of it
i can see the results of how it's working on my skin
not with this one
honestly, the minute i stray i regret.
i never paid much attention to dior because i wasn't a fan in the fashion arena
if you're someone who has a sensitivity to scents this might not be for you
only reason i dont give it 5stars
besides that it does what it says it will
if you're trying to decide
i promise you will not regret it!
has never really happened until i tried this cream
i can't go anywhere without it
i didn't have any breakouts.
it's crazy to see results so soon!
i wonder if it will do everything it claims
it does not disappoint
i can't go a day without it
... well, my skin, anyway ..
just know you will not stop
i wanted to hate this because having to shake something before use is a pet peeve
don't think it does
you won't regret this purchase.
after just a few days of using this religiously i can honestly say my skin has never looked better
why are you still reading this
well let me just say i'm so sorry i did that bc my skin was dry
can't ask for anything better!
not sure why i'm willing to spend so much money on a serum that doesn't produce much of a result
didn't cause me to breakout
didn't notice anything different
did not break me out or cause redness.
i don't know why, but that's what it smells like.
this never irritates it
didn't like it very much
i've so far only used it a week so can't comment on long-term effect
i say, give it a try.
so far do not see any great difference or results i can say is due to the product
maybe i am just not using enough due to the problems
can't say it resulted in any obvious improvement right away
a sephora employee told me i needed to wear this during the day since i can't wear moisturizer since it breaks me out
t is too easy to waste it
i don't waste any
i cannot believe it
it's hard to tell much from a sample
if you're on the fence, just get it.
you won't be sorry!
i tell everyone about it!
i am not sure yet if it firm the skin
not sure why this works on clarity for those breakouts
i would tell my friends
i kind of want it to be my secret
i can't wait to put this on every morning
i didn't expect any changing to the skin from this product
this has not caused me to break out
just wish it wasn't so expensive
not sure how long this bottle can last as it does not seem like there is much in the bottle
it is not meant to be a make up primer
don't see a problem with it
i don't often say that
burn this one however doesn't
i don't know why i even switched
i guess you get what you pay for:3
why it doesn't have better reviews?
this product does exactly what it says.
if you use too much it will for sure burn your eyes
this product does the trick.
i didn't give it five stars because i don't consider it amazing
it does the job
it however does nothing for lines.
not over time it does nothing
this is not for you
thought that i should try this product
this product does just what it says it does
did not irritate my skin.
don't know if it's permanent
it does what it says.
if a product doesn't break me out
i want something that helps diminish them
i could not believe my eyes
i do not get those horrible
you don't need a lot of product
not sure why people get it on their eyelids when it specifically says not to
it didn't do a whole lot to diminish my dark circles
it does bother my eyes if i don't add foundation on top
maybe this is why i have not notice the brightening effect of it
the reason i give it four stars is because i have not notice much change
as you can imagine
even if that weren't the case
know what to expect now
no one notices--it's that good
i started off not expecting much of this product because the name of it seemed so kitschy
but i gave this a whirl and i'm glad i did.
this is my case anyways.
it doesn't break me out
i wish i would have discovered this stuff sooner.
there's nothing that says that it supposed to help clear up your face
i don't know if i would call it lightweight necessarily
i honestly have no complaints about this product.
coincidence or not i did clear up when i stopped using it
i never really bothered to try it until i got a sample of it in my ipsy
it didn't irritate my face
it didn't quite wow me
i dont think i would ever use anything else for a face moisturizer
wow, is all i can say.
this did not irritate my skin at all
at first i wasn't sure if i was going to like this moisturizer
i can't live without it
which i haven't yet
i don't really know if it repairs your skin
my only complaint is that it is not enough product for the price
it just didn't cut it this time
not sure what that's all about since i don't have super sensitive skin
not sure if this is the product that's causing it
does not irritate me
the only thing is it does not have spf.
it doesn't really have a smell
i would definitely say it's not nearly as intensive as it sounds from the description--it's light
love that it doesn't break me out
don't get it actually in your eyes
t's just what i needed
i can't get enough of this product!!
it doesn't break me out.
did not cause me to breakout
this does not make my oil any worse
i cannot use anything that has fragrance or else i'll break out
i would recommend this to anyone.
i don't have anything bad to say.
it's really doing the trick even in these winter months
i will say this moisturizer did not irritate my skin at all
unfortunately does not moisturizer enough for me
it did do anything for my dark spots
that did not happen.
the moisturizer does just what it says it will do
i want to keep it that way
i do not recommend this for anyone with oily skin or someone that is in maybe their 20s
who does not need this moisture
if you break out easily do not put to much on
do not over do it because you can breakout more
did not believe i did not have makeup on
so don't give up!
i will never use anything else
since the jar isnt transparent you can't tell how much is left
don't think i'd go without
love the packaing only wish you could see how much is left in jar
it did not do enough for me
not to mention that it won't break your wallet compares to the $$$ line :
this may not be for you
was at my wits end trying dozens of products which did nothing for me
wish it wasn't so pricey.
i cant tell if it is doing anything yet
didn't want to waste my money
dont have that many lines
i do not break out ever at all
not a good one either
except i can't see how much i have left
little did i know
is all that you say
i hate that jowel-ly thing that starts to happen as we age
i won't use anything else.
not sure any produce really does all that says
i guess it was just an air pocket
here's how i'm using it
i can say that if you skip a day or even if you don't use it both morning
i can't be happier
i can't wait to try more perricone products!
i know this stuff works because prior to using it
does not seem to do anything special
i are not friends
works well and does what it says it will do!
if that makes any sense
you don't need a lot to cover the problem areas
i know they work
i hate to think about how much money i've wasted on products that didn't work or were too drying
i wanted to try this to see what it would do
i just couldn't bring myself to paying $22 for
don't know what the reviews are even talking about burning for
you know it's working
having said that, it is not bad at all.
if a product works like it should i don't mind paying for it
that's how i know it's working!
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it's pretty expensive for the amount of product you get
i will say this
you won't think twice about this mask
if you can endure that, the effect is amazing.
it makes me not want to wear foundation anymore!
i don't know there is something about it i didn't like maybe because i tried to swim first
i don't feel like the supermud does that
i guess this is why they say beauty is painful!
i can't be without this
that alone is ..shocking!
that doesn't last long
which if you watch the videos means it's working
it means that it's working!
you won't like it
f you hate pain then learn to love your wrinkles cause there isn't going to be anything that will get rid of them that doesn't hurt
for those who can't/choose not to read
i gotta say this is one of my favourite masks
it wasn't anything special
my face felt like a baby's bottom if i may say so
it didn't bother me
i could tell a difference in my skin immediately.
hmm what are the leaves doing in here
e it to anything else except this product
not only does it combat breakouts
not expecting much as i've used ren
it didn't bother me
at first i could not recognize any pores
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
one it dried it didn't burn anymore
i dont know if i would every buy this product
didn't burn my face for me
knowing i could return it if after i tried it didn't like it
it does sting at first- almost so much that it makes you want to take it right off
i promise if you stick it out
it's not just noticeable to me -- people always comment on my skin after i use this a couple times
product i can't help
just enough to clear my face
wasn't sure if it will work for me
i get why some people had sensitivities to it
i didn't feel much of a tingle
which i just don't get
i tried them all
product however does seem to work
it's really not as bad as some reviewers claim
this did just that
f you do not want this feeling
do not buy this product
it's not a miracle worker
i quickly didn't mind
the product does say it should do that
honestly couldn't tell what all they hype was about
i don't know what i tried originally
not just for the night
yes they really do work
you would be shocked at what it actually does pull out of your pores
so this is not uncommon for me
the price is not right for it either
i agree with people who basically say it's not "the best"
it doesn't bother me much because it lasts for just a minute or so
i can see where others would not enjoy it
it doesn't last forever
can't live without it
this does not affect me at all
i couldn't believe it!!
to the point i can't tolerate it
all i can say is wow!
this product does not bother my eyes one bit
it does what it says it will
although it did not get rid of my dark circles
so far the answer is never!
so that's what makeup is for
please do not let the price tag defer you
and it was a good thing i didn't!
it was not as obvious as before
i wasn't expecting much
i can't say i've been using it long enough to see any results in tone
do not listen to the petty negatives!
i normally only use this at night when i do not care if i happen to use too much
it can't last long though you don't need much every time
i also had people ask me what i did differently.
not every product out there is for everyone:
i do always get too much which is hard to avoid if you don't want to waste any product
not sure how much
although this is a good product i can't see spending that much
that wasn't the case
my skin did not need any transition time to accept it
i didn't have any trouble or breakouts at all with this product
does not make my skin break out
i do wish that it had spf
not only do i feel a difference
i can honestly say that after 4 weeks of use
i forget it's even there.
i don't have any spots
'm not sure if it would fade any
it does everything it says
this is what i liked about it immediately.
that it did not leave a residue behind
did not trade out one skin problem for another
i can't quit looking at my skin
asked what i am doing
i want to share it with everyone
the only thing i didn't see improvement on was my redness
i've only been using it one week so can't say too much
my daughter insists that i don't need makeup with it
or if there s any way you can swing it
i did no research
if you need a lot of bang for your buck to justify the price
it's not a miracle worker
it feels like nothing i have ever used before
what can i say?
i can't quit looking at my skin
i actually can't wait to come home
dare i say glowing?
00 for i don't know what is
i can say without hesitation that for me
i don't know why this one works so well
i only know that it does
i didn't even really notice much of a change in my skin otherwise
love this product does what it suppose to do!
i've never used anything like it before!
the rna cream did not break me out
did not cause me any break outs
that's the only reason it didn't get 5 stars
f you seem to break out worse when first using this
stick to this, you wont regret it.
i can't tell if this has done anything to my skin since i've only been using it for about 2 months
the only thing i didn't see improvement on was my redness
i've never tried a single skin product that did as much for my skin
considering that it doesn't trigger a breakout
no one said anything
not quite, but it's almost done at 8 months.
that's my proof nothing works better for me!!
the only time i use something else is if i misplace my sk ii
let me be very frank to say that this product may not be for everyone
guess it does what its told
t does not matter if it cakes a little
did not know if i could validate spending so much
if i had too much i was left not knowing what to do with it
i cannot say whether or not my fine lines were reduced because i only used this product for a little over a month
i don't feel that it made a drastic difference with my forehead lines which is what i was hoping it would do
it did not seem to work well on them
the reason behind why i left off one star is because it's not exactly dramatic in results
i don't know if i can justify the price for it
as i **knock on wood** don't have many yet
thank goodness i did not have any type of reaction to this product
i really don't have many
the only thing why it's a 4 stars is because of the ingredients
unfortunately now that i know that fact
let me say first off say
did not expect to see any results quickly
nor did it break me out like some product due with my combination skin
my wrinkles have not changed although i don't have many
...but i do not love the price.
but not so much anymore.
i don't know if this is an after-effect
still don't know how often i would order this product
it's not going to give an immediate result
not wow%22 was using the product wrong.
so do the math
this does what it says
though i wouldn't say i've seen any wrinkle help there
i almost can't believe it.
i cannot believe the change in my trouble spots
the only thing i can say in the negative is you get a lot of product with just one pump
it's actually not a bad value
i really can't live without this product!
you don't even need to use a lot.
it didn't provide the 'ultra-hydration' i had hoped for
so don't think that you'll need more than the size of a dime
see if you like it
i don't think i've ever been able to use so little of a product
it was expensive but you do get what you pay for.
wont use anything else
i find i can't use it with my clarisonic
does not leave any residue
it doesn't do anything to warrant that kind of price tag
if you can afford it
little did i know that it would become one of my h
i would recommend this to anyone
i just love the job it does
not greasy like i expected
i love that it is clear
that does the trick
don't hesitate just pay for it
it's not off-putting enough to stop using the product
when it's time to come off that's exactly what i want it to do
this was something that i thought i would never do
it doesn't leave any left over film
i guess i'm saving money by not having to buy makeup wipes anymore?
i wasn't sure what to expect
even though the directions say to use 3-4
so you can't really use this in the shower
i did not know what to really expect at first.
let me tell you this does wonders to my face
so i did and love it!
i did not have to rub
i did not have problems with breakout from it
don't know other people had the same issue
it really do what promise
i can;t say enough about this oil.
that disappoints me as at $75 a bottle i don't want to waste
this does not cause me any problems at all
want to try a few things
unfortunately, this oil is not included in that.
does not leave a film
you won't regret it!
do not waste your money on tacha or boscia.
it does not break me out
i do agree that the film stuff happens when you overpump
i just can't afford most of them!
you definitely get your money's worth since you hardly need any product
i think it's a little pricey for what you get
i can't believe the difference.
i can honestly say that this product has changed my skin for the better
the thing about this product is we aren't in1982
this was not the case
days that i do not wear makeup
if not too much product can give you a greedy feel
only aspect i personally didn't care for was the scent
i did try to use the cream the way they recommend
the not so good: i wish it contained spf.
not in this case.
why can't other products think of that.
i think i would give up on every other if i can convince my hubby that this is the perfect holiday
i did indeed want to use it
i did not follow the directions
do you know the reason: so that you can get the scent to come out
i probably just sounded real dumb
i am not sure what the little bar that came with it is for however
i even stopped using my makeup primer before applying my foundation because it wasn't necessary anymore
i didn't tell anyone when i was using this product to see if they noticed a difference in my skin
i did get a compliment
can't say whether this product improves any aging
i didn't notice my skin more firm
it did not soak in as much i would have thought.
i simply didn't have the time to wait for it to absorb then do my makeup routine
i do like the product
this might not be the product for you
i probably would have overlooked this product simply because of the price
i probably won't buy it because it's too pricey
that i didn't like at all
even though it's not bad it still bothers me
you won't regret it!
i honestly never really believed in skincare treatments because nearly everything i tried didn't work
i can tell you this product works
that no matter what i use or try to cover it with
not when you realize that this actually works
also because i can't help wondering if they are being intentionally ambiguous in the name of this product
but not moisturzing enough for winter time.
i really can't say enough good things about it
you don't need a lot.
you twist out what you need
but it wasn't a bad thing!
i can not live without this.
couldn't live without them
im not sure if i see any difference yet
i do not like spf in my fact products.
i couldn't really tell if it was making a difference or not
if i try to layer it under or over anything else it doesnâ€™t do as well
love it but wish it wasn't so expensive.
didn't see much results in the beginning
i didn't really expect to see results anyway
well i have no idea how it did it but it worked!
i needed to do something about it
didn't expect anything out of the ordinary
i don't think i've used it long enough to tout the lift
and guess what it works.
it did nothing for me
i guess i hit a few keys wrong
i am still not having any problems personally with burning
i can not believe the difference it has made.
i didn't react like i have with other products
didn't make a huge difference
i received this as a sample upon knowing it was "suppose" to do all the things that a eye cream says it will do
you never hear about a product helping that issue
like most people never get enough sleep
could not ask for anything better!
i do not experience any burning
i can't believe it doesn't have more reviews!
not enough to stop me from using it
i don't actually see much a difference
i don't see a great difference yet
not sure why its called "red light".
i can never find anything that works all over my face
decided to try this anyways
i am so so glad i didn't give up on this product
either do not like them because they didn't work or because they are too harsh
i don't know why
because this is not cheap
i honestly can't say enough about this mask.
'm not going anywhere anyways
you can see it
i recommend it to everyone
at first i wasn't sure because of the price
i did not want that pimple to ruin my day
as i did my makeup
is literally all i can say about this product.
i actually have nothing to bad to say about this product
i swear it's the only thing in my option that does anything :
so let me tell you about the wonders of this product
that's what they tell me
didn't want to spend the money without trying it out first
this didn't aggravate that at all
i just can't seem to balance it out in the summer months my t-zone is all over the place
this is gonna change your life.
gotta try the others!
if you are like me
unfortunately that is just how the world works
let this mask do its thing
i do not care.
not sure if i'd consistently purchasing it although i do wish to
the only thing i dont like is that you get a tiny amount of product for your money i would love it if they actually made it alot bigger
it never seems to make a difference
why this doesn't work for everyone
nothing works except this
i see people complaining that this breaks them out
if you use it correctly it will work wonders for you
hey i'm not going to question something that works
i never review but this made me say wow.
everything you would every hope a mask to do for your skin is in this product
it's not too harsh for me
first you really dont need much
i wouldn't say that i have very ance prone skin
actually didn't know anything about the product when it came in my sephoras favorites
honestly it's the only skin care product i've ever used that actually does a good job at clearing my skin
but we went with it anyways.
if you can afford it
when i do break out it is bad
it is your skin so why not invest in it?
honestly it's not that bad and is effective!
f you don't then simply don't buy it
nothing else was affecting it at all
you don't need to apply much.
i personally don't mind it
that does not affect the results of the mask
any breakouts going on or about to happen
the price honestly doesn't even bother me because it works so well
my face didn't hurt at all
i wouldn't say this mask has instant results
this doesn't break me out at all
t doesn't completely clear it up in one mask
i mean it would be unrealistic to expect that
aha/bha in them if you do not know what they are
the same thing happened to me
figured i didn't have anything to lose
it's the first time that i can confidently say that a mask made such fast
i didn't expect to see immediate results
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's honestly a need, not a want.
t looks like it might not be consistent
if i notice any difference
i cannot believe this product.
i know this is `lifting`
they seem almost the same to me
i do not use it at night
this stuff is legit
i didn't expect anything from this treatment
the only thing i don't like is the smell of it
that nothing stopping me from using it
this did not break me out
i can't say enough about it.
you won't regret it!
i couldn't believe the difference it makes
i know part of the reason why is because i've been using this so long
if origins ever stops making it i will freak.
i cannot say enough about it
i don't even notice the smell anymore
did not know much about this product
i know it says treatment
i couldn't believe it!!!
just to make sure it wasn't a fluke thing
it wasn't, so i ordered some right away.
this is the only thing that actually helped
just so there is no confusion
if i use a lot
i almost can't help
i don't like having to make another pass to do what it should do in one
you can see how much you have left
did i mention it smells good?
can't go a day without.
i do not like the packaging
that really does not effect the way the product works
she told me she could give me a sample since it doesn't come in a smaller jar
it does exactly what i hoped it would do
i cannot say enough about this product.
it was just so so dry no matter what i applied.
i do wish it was maybe in a pump or a squeeze bottle
seriously it's like having a new face.
i didn't want to return it so i gave it a try.
this one does not
i did not know that a moisturizer could save my skin
i don't know how long it will last me- i don't want to fall in love
have used it for years and can't go without it.
i cannot stress enough how much i love this product
i regret not finding it sooner
can't get enough of origins' products
it doesn't bother me at all
they never provided enough hydration
so for me to say the scent is not an issue is really saying something
i can't test it on that
i find something that works and i stick with it.
personally i don't think it smells that bad.
this product does the trick!
i wouldn't use anything else!
t doesn't last all day for me
i know the reason for my matte look it this product you must try
not with this one
it does not break me out
i can't think of one bad thing to say about this product
does exactly what it says
wonder "do some people not know what mattifying means?"
it's then i stop
still not matte enough for me
sephora's product will do in the mean time
i wouldn't mind if it didn't
i can't say enough good things about this.
i did and i no longer get breakouts.
didn't know it was for men
he never did anything with it
i can tell you
of course, it may not work for everybody.
t does not look like make-up
even though it claims to last all day i knew it wouldn't
i would reccommend this to anybody who has trouble combatting shine
this oil did not bother me
it didn't make me break out
so the price isn't bad for the amount of uses you do get
i don't see any reason to stop
so light & yet do it job.
other than that didn't notice a lot of difference
if you're like me
don't debate it any longer
i would recommend this to everyone
if you're thinking about getting it
this does not leave a residue on my pillow which surprised me
the only aspect i don't like
i can truly say it has changed my skin.
purchased a travel size to try since i wasn't sure if i was gonna like it or not
this is exactly what my skin needed
that never happens lol
which i do like a lot in the summer because it's not too wet
it actually wasn't that bad
honestly cannot tell because i used it only about 4 times so far
i expected to hate this because my skin
it's been working wonders
my regular moisturizer just wasn't enough anymore
i don't believe this has given me any breakouts
the only reason why some may not like it is that it has a weird smell
didn't use it for a week
actually use it on my h
i tell everyone they should get it.
i feel like it's a waste of product when i can't really have control of how much drops i want/need to use
but other than that i do love the product.
do it could be put in anything
cannot say enough good about this product.
honestly it's not an oil i'd use in my skin care routine
i read other reviews stating this oil made their face break out--i think maybe too much was used
really couldn't believe it.
i don't break out or anything
i am only giving it 4 stars because i haven't tried mixing it with foundation like the description suggests
didn't think much about it at first
was afraid this was make it worse
the smell does not bother me whatsoever
it doesn't last long
let me tell you
didn't break me out
give it a try you won't regret it.
if you use this alone or if you use too much
even if you use it alone
not sure if i would buy this particular oil
i say try the small bottle to see if it works on your skin
i can truly say i haven't had a bad breakout since i started this-
i cannot rave about this product enough.
for those of you who don't know
i can't even explain how amazing it is
just like i knew it would
this oil does wonders for me
you know around that time
that's not true at all
it didn't make me produce more oil
i did not find any results using this alone on my skin
i didn't want to buy it due to the cost.
let me tell you
needless to say id rather not spend $50 on facebook
it just doesn't work for me
this oil doesn't bother me whatsoever
i don't find a problem with my makeup if i do
i don't really notice a smell at all
plus you can always return to sephora if you just can't find a use for this miracle stuff
if you don't fall in love
so of course it'll look that way
not only do i use it on my face, but on my hair.
i do think it's helped mine clear up
one thing that i didn't like much was the smell
i don't do this all the time
i didn't really notice it at all
it does what it promises
that's all i have to say
i can't thank her enough
was not sure if i would like it as much as the old one
doesn't take much product
it's kind of pricy so not sure if i'd buy the full size :/
you don't need much either
that's probably why some say it's greasy
once you start putting this stuff on your face you wont let anything else get near it
i donot even try to try any others now
otherwise id never have discovered it
now i know why
this did the trick
for my skin its not enough
not sure why other reviews are saying it's sticky
it did have a smell
it didn't cause any piling
my only complaint is i wish it was in a pump because i hate that it's in a jar
you don't require a lot of it
this cream has done exactly what it claims to do for me
the only down side i would say is that it is really small
doesn't last very long
i could not believe it so cheap.
no matter what i always
wont be going anywhere else
it does what a face cream should do
it certainly doesn't cause breakouts
this does not irritate
i cant rave about this enough.
it did not disappoint.
i didn't have any breakouts
this is one product i can't live without.
this was not for me because of the smell
i just could not st
let me tell you
doesn't make me break out
let me warn you
not even wear make up
i didn't notice anything else at first other than a tickling sensation when applied
this is the first cream i can use that doesn't make me break out
this isn't going to fulfill it
i feel silly for not trying this sooner!
which i'm sure some people do like
i don't think i'll be buying it again as i can't st
love this because i haven't gotten any breakouts because of it
at the same time it doesn't break me out
i can actually tell that there's a difference in how my skin looks
i didn't think there would be enough to get the full effect
i don't know if it would do the same in the summer
didn't use anything for about a week
i like this product i don't break out
i didn't realize i paid $84 for this until i got home
t seems to only have an effect when you use it religiously
this stuff does wonders!
but i don't actually use it for my face !
i didn't see results in 2 hours
who doesn't want to look their best asap?
it's refreshing to find a product that actually does what it says it will do
i think it actually does what it says
i won't do without it.
i can honestly say i have seen a difference in a matter of weeks
i do recommend product however i personally cannot afford it
it does what it claims
see how it goes
which might not seem big
it does what it says it will
that's all you can ask of a product
it does all that it says it will
trust me when i say i have tried it all
don't do what i did
while waiting on my order uses something else
if i do for whatever reason
like i'd actually slept enough
if you concerns aren't the circles this is for sure a 5 star product
am worried it wont work the same
i guess i will have to wait & see.
although i don't really have any fine lines/wrinkles yet
for anyone wondering if this will cause irritation
you don't need much.
you don't need a lot
you don't need much
do not notice it any more
i don't really believe that any product can make lines
wondering "why do i look so old all of a sudden?"
aahhhh yes... send me more sephora!
i tried them all
i can't really say that the lines are any less obvious
it's still not gone
doesn't sting, and everything else i tried did.
i can't believe some people say this doesn't work
i didn't notice a difference in 2 months
this has never bothered me
now they aren't much of a concern anymore :
this product does exactly what it says it does.
went or it anyways
warning though if you have sensitive eyes you wont like this i had burning there or a bit
i never would've considered it if i hadn't gotten a sample
needless to say, i have not been good to my skin.
you have to take this stuff seriously as this is not just some cream
not just my eyes
i don't with this
i wasn't too sure this product would work
i am only giving 4 stars because it hasn't done anything miraculous for my under eye circles
i don't really believe it when they say reduction in fine lines or dark circles so my expectation being not so high
m not really in need of an eye repair cream yet
i don't think i'm supposed to
i did it anyway
i wouldn't have bought it if it didn't work
they aren't pimples there just there for no reason
i at first thought this was not doing anything.
i didn't experience any burning or gloppiness
it's actually not like a cream though
so many products didn't cut it
cannot believe how fast
will never use anything else
it's not quite a miracle worker
didn't want to finish the product
not sure if i see a change to be honest
i feel like i didn't need too.
i don't feel the need to cover up with makeup anymore
i can honestly say that i have noticed results already
one thing i can say is that i don't recommend putting it on before you do your makeup because it does kind of have a tacky consistency/feel
and it just wasn't going away.
it's probably partially because i love them
i can't tell if it's time or the product
this product does what it says
this has not let me down
i would definitely recommend if you have the same problem
i think after i achieve the clarity i want i won't have to use as often
suggest not using if you have acne still
i didn't find that
if you are like me
obviously there's no guarantee
i don't know how this works... but it's magical.
don't hesitate to try this
i can not say it clears up the skin
i didn't have high hopes, but i was so wrong!
i love this product so much that i had to let others know about it
no matter what i seemed to do
now i don't have to
i don't know if this product has anything to do with it
like the instructions say
i didn't experience anything even close to this in my teens
wasn't sure how to h
i know i'm not losing it
i hope that's not the case bc i'd like to experience results on my right cheek also
i think it works if you work it!
i couldn't believe that it actually works
they're not fully gone
i cannot even tell where my scar was.
this didn't have instant results
definitely regret purchasing it as it doesn't hold a c
it's not going to work overnight
this may be all i need to do the trick.
i can't thank him enough.
did nothing for me
it didn't really work for me
i've seen these comments from others so do yourself a favor
(seriously, if you're thinking about it-do it!)
i even wish i wouldn't of waited as long as i did to start
you can tell it's working
i wish i had more cuz i could really see the difference
anyway the product works
i couldn't tell a difference
to put exactly how much exactly where you need it
i agree with another review i saw that it doesn't work well under makeup
that is the only reason i didn't give it a 5 star rating
i don't believe in miracle products
i didn't think my face was ever going to be free of scars
which basically makes me never want to leave the house without makeup on
i would recommend this to anyone!!
i don't think i can fully explain how this product changed my skin
i would recommend this product to everyone if i could
i can notice the difference when i did not use it for one night my skin was not as smooth non the am
can't live without it
does what it says.
asked what i'd done to my face
can't see switching to anything else any time soon
honestly i would pay even more for these results
this could be from my entire skin care regimen i don't know
i don't have many
i almost didn't purchase it because the smell was so offensive to me
although i don't have any issues with wrinkles yet
the rep told me to give this and try and i did!
this does the trick
not sure if it is this
it doesn't last anyways
the difference is so clear that i am 100% sure that it isn't a placebo
that i can't use it every day
reading more about i thought why not give it a try myself
i can't believe what i see in the mirror.
there aren't enough good things to say about this product
if you like me
so am not a newbie
don't know about this price
i know there is not a miracle cream for the fountain of youth
not only did i not see results
can't live without it.
it didn't cause a breakout
it didn't add to the oil
you can sense where you are in the amount you have left
it does not seem to linger
really does what it says it will do
see how if affects you
it's the product doing its job!
can't comment on fine lines
i wouldn't use this everyday because of my age
i don't think i can afford the $85 price tag regularlyâ€¦
i do not have fine lines-yet
what i will say
you do not need much!
and i didn't see much change.
i can't believe it!
it's not an obvious change
this product did not irritate my skin what so ever
i don't wanna deal with that during the day even though i don't wear foundation
no side effects or anything for me!
yes it's pricey but you get what you pay for.
i needed this product, bad.
what i like about this product
i do not see much effect
didn't notice much of a change
it does what it claims to do
i want that sin that we all dream about
very seldom do i reorder anything
my t-zone is the area where i have so many problems with
i barely have any anymore!
you don't need to use a lot
for those that say it rolls
do not use a primer with this product
this moisturizer did everything it said it would.
this one did not!
i must say i love it.
it works well if i don't use this every day.
i give it four stars because it's not life changing
i do not break out on my chin anymore.
didn't hesitate to pick this one up
doesn't seem to be breaking me out though
we all hate to shell out for a big ticket item
i can't win - until i found this cream.
that aside, i actually do love this product.
however, i was wrong!
didn't think this moisturizer could do it!
this has fixed problems i didn't know i had
was curious to see what it could do for me
i don't even need a primer anymore this works so well
i can't believe the difference i have noticed in my skin already
i wouldn't necessarily think of this product as a moisturizer
it's gone for 2months and it was bad!
did not give the product a chane to work because after i got it home i could not see always buying a 65
it doesn't take much at all
suffice to say when both were done, i was hooked.
after a week of using this product i didn't notice a difference
i can't believe it
i wouldn't say that it does anything to refine pores
figured i would give it a try
i would for sure underst
i wish i would have found this stuff a long time ago
i don't have to do that anymore thanks to this product
yet not greasy in the least
wasn't doing anything else for my skin
yes i do still get break outs
i definitely would recommend this product to anyone
let me tell you
i cannot believe how much my skin loves it
it turns out not to be such a bad thing for me at all
i didn't wear make up over this today
no matter what foundation i used
problem solved!--doesn't happen anymore.
it also did not make me break out.
i will say it has not done much for my oily skin.
can't really tell about wrinkles because i'm only 28
for what it does for your face you cant really complain
if you can afford to try this product you definitely should
i would give it 5 stars if it didn't leave my skin feeling so dry after i use it
i can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
first off let me say that i almost didn't purchase because it said it was a gel
try it like that
can't wait for the full results
i can't even lie
i must say because i would have never tried it otherwise
it does not make me breakout either.
i do recommend if you can afford it.
they don't know why
end up ordering something else when i don't see results
i didn't immediately see any changes
gosh if only it weren't this expensive.
i really did not buy this to treat my acne
i do not know where to begin.
i am the person that tries everything
i don't know if that was product related or just coincidence
i still gave it 5 stars because it did what it claimed to do
maybe combine with something else
i wasn't sure if i should commit to this
i'll never buy anything else!
i've never actually called any product a holy grail
well i was so wrong
for those of you pondering this please give this a try
it really didn't improve my bags
you don't need much
i could see a difference in literally one use!
don't see any difference there
this doesn't bother them at all
it hasn't bothered me at all
and i don't believe in miracles.
not with this one
haven't had a problem with it yet
i do want to say that the packaging for this product is about as good as it gets
it does the things that it promises to do
it's so true that something tragic happens after 40
my whole store uses it we can't keep it in stock
product that the manufacturer doesn't even respect enough to try
this price-point compels me to dig into the bottle like a mad-person
i only used it several says so cannot say i see any changes
it's right here in one product.
it wasn't the case
it did say that it would also reduce dark circles
nonetheless i have found this product to make good on it's promises
let me tell you
i could imagine what itll be like for a month or more
i think the other bad reviews are by people that do not underst
as the saying goes: you get what you paid for
it does what it says it will do
you really don't need much at all
i could see a difference
this probably won't be a problem for you
it does what it says it will do
i found a product that does exactly what it says it does
cannot get enough of it
i cannot praise this product enough.
i don't know why they do for some
it does what it promises
not to mention you need so little for each application
knowing nothing works miracles
i don't know what some people expect
two you don't really have wrinkles yet
first of all i want to say that i am cheap.
i honestly didn't expect the results to be so spectacular
i can't say that my fine lines disappeared
can't say enough about how great my skin looks when i use this daily
being over 55 i didn't expect any miracles
you can't stop time
gave it a try anyway
i still have fine lines that i didn't really see an improvement on
do stick with it
it's too early to tell anything else about this product
i gave it a high rating because i didn't have a bad reaction to it
so i do love that.
i wasn't sure it would keep working, but it did!
it does much of what it says for me
though i've not tried it without my eye cream just to test that
can't remember which one
don't remember the name
i can't remember which one sorry
know i can go to bed
not worry about what's going to be on my pillow in the morning
i can't recommend it enough to my friends
i can see the difference
the only problem i have is that if you actually get this product in your eye it burns so bad
why it isn't out-rating lamer or these others
i would say this honestly works wonders
this one does the job
i feel like it's consistency is exactly how i want it
the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is i didn't noticed a huge improvement of my fine lines
i couldn't believe it
don't expect a miracle,it's still just a cream.
this is not the product
my dark circles are not as dark anymore
wouldn't be without it
i don't know if it has any long term effects
circles aren't 100% gone yet
know what i'm talking about
so far i couldn't really find anyone of them actually get rid of dark circles
i cannot tell a difference just yet
i know they're not going to go away
i didn't expect it to
i wasn't sure what "brightening" even meant at first
please do yourself a favor
didn't use it for ages because i didn't know what it was
it does what it claims
not sure yet about the brightening...
not sure if my eye area is any brighter though.
it did not work for me
i would suggest to go to sephora if you can
i cannot say enough good things about this eye cream
actually tell that its doing what its supposed to
i think it does
which i was really loathe to use
this stuff did the trick
while some of them didn't work out for me
josie's products are almost all i use anymore
could yell about this product
this doesn't break me out
it's not too heavy for me personally
i can't imagine using anything else
not sure what is in this product but it works!
people i am not lying have not been paid to review this nor given anything in exchange for my review
for the first time in my left does exactly what it says
and wow, it does not disappoint!
it doesn't break me out
now i can't live without them
so here's the thing
i don't know if i would ever put this on my face as an oil
it hasn't bothered me
you would think this would be like vasoline
dare i say "young"?
i do not use it on my face
this should honestly be a staple in your makeup collection
at first i thought i wouldn't like it
if this stuff wasn't so expensive
i can't recommend this multi-function product enough
basically i would give this 10 stars if i could.
it has honestly made such a difference on their skin
i might be using it wrong
since i personally dont like oils on myself i never gave it a try
i would say definitely don't plan to use this before putting on any makeup
it's like nothing else
why did i wait so long to try this?
i can't get enough of her br
it doesn't break you out
it's now my go to for so many things
just know that it's not a quickly absorbed product
i didn't break out etc
i love that even though it is an oil
can i please say how much i love this product
but it's an oil so i guess that's expected.
no matter how you store it
i couldn't see them but i could feel them.
i wish i could give it 3
i don't even need it in the morning
i cannot get enough of this product.
you can use it for anything.
you don't have to use much for your skin to thank you
i can't recommend it enough!
it did nothing for me
i actually see results
not a deal breaker for me
i did not see results until my second jar-honestly
even though my skin doesn't necessarily need this it loved it
friends can tell a difference
you get what you pay for
did not have any breakouts at all
let me tell you
this cream did not give me any breakouts
being the mom of a special needs child i don't have much time for me
not only under my eyes
i break out with just about anything else
this one just seems to do what it is suppose to do
all i can say is that this product is beyond amazing
ps i hardly ever leave reviews
i don't know what it is
i think it's because it's supposed to work for exactly what i wanted it to: brighten my dark circles
i could tell a difference in a week!
all i can say is wow
i figure that my eyes were watering b/c the product was doing exactly what it was supposed to
i guess only long-term use will tell how effective it is
will not use anything other!
not sure if it is effective at "correcting" wrinkles like the name suggests since i don't have them yet
because i see no difference
i know that miracles don't exist
noticed that i just didn't like the overall look of my undereyes
you'll see the changes it was making in a matter of days
i don't have dark circles so can't comment on whether or not it helps that problem
don't work even at $200
have not tried it under makeup.
didn't bother my eyes
i don't have many lines
i love that it does not irritate my eyes at all
this product does exactly what it says.
though i don't know if its the product
say that i don't really need a specific eye cream
not to mention the fact that even though it's a small jar
i don't go anywhere without applying this stuff
can already tell the difference it's made on the fine lines around my eyes-you can hardly see them anymore
you won't be able to tell because of this amazing cream
which is not normal for me because i'm a product junkie
i think it's going to be a repeat-purchase item for me
i couldn't believe the difference it made.
water or didn't make any difference
it does exactly what it claims to do
it did not make my skin break out
it'll be enough for your whole face
this is the only thing that does the trick
can't live without it!
how after i've been it on i forget it's even there
which i still do
ter on my face because nothing else helped
i don't know what happened
doesn't break me out.
i never have any irritation
in itself is a wonder
it's just not as miraculous as some products i have found here
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who does not have severely dry skin issues or who wants something to use on a nightly basis
which is what i wanted
think that's why it's considered a mask
it does the job
you don't have to use a lot of it either.
do not use this daily anymore
this mask did not cause any problems
did not blow me away
don't feel that i can justifiably give five stars just yet
s-on enough for me
if you prefer that sort of thing
i don't mean to gross anyone out
we'll see if it works to prevent the problem entirely :
which i did not expect
i did break out a little in r
i do like this product
i think calling it a "mask" is part of what has me confused
however, i do like this stuff.
so glad i did because it does not even compete with this
it's exactly what i was looking and well priced!
well let me tell you not with this product.
not sure why they call it a mask.
whatever you want to call it
didn't seem to cause any breakouts
it doesn't make me break out
i didn't end up using it at all.
even better it didn't break me out like i was afraid it would
this product does not aggravate it at all
it doesn't make me break out
i do like the fact that it has no scent.
would recommend to anyone no matter the type of skin
don't regret it one bit
didn't look any more mositurized
i guess in my head i would wake up
you really do not need much of the product
i hope this review helps anyone that had as many skin issues as i did
i hope this works as well for them as it did for me
with its purchase you can't go wrong
i tried just about everything!
i didn't expect to love it as much as i did
i especially didn't believe it was going to work
you won't regret it!
did not break me out.
it has not only not broken me out
this stuff is what i wish the original glamglow mask was
i did think i would see less black heads
lol you won't be sorry if you get this mask.
don't have a ton of time
i think others could easily get 3 uses
sephora knows what they're doing when they send samples with their orders
strange smell that i didn't really like
it's not anything severe
didn't love the product
i wish i could tell you it is terrible so that no one else would buy it because now the word out
you should not expect this product to do wonders--your skin will not all of the sudden become poreless
i normally would not give products five star because i just can find way too may drawbacks in them
helps make sure that you don't use too much
this really does live up the hype.
i think using this
i don't think i've ever used a product that could do that
it does not did much to my face
all i have to say is wow.
to me it didn't make much difference so am going to stick with getting a few uses out of a pod
it was exactly what i wanted from a high end facial
you can do the math from there
which are large anyway have mimized so much i barely notice them anymore
you cannot go wrong with this purchase.
i did enjoy trying it out
how anyone could have something bad to say about this
that is not the case with this mask
buy it, you won't be sorry.
if you're willing to splurge a little for a mask
this one will do you just fine
thought i would try this
maybe didn't use enough
did not appear to have made any difference after i washed it off
it did not disappoint
it does exactly what it claims to do
enjoy!one pd is actually enough for 2 people.
at first i couldn't even tell that i was applying it
i almost didn't want to
i could not have asked for better results
a purifyng masque that actually does what it says it's going to do
sometimes i just use it alone on a breakout
didn't expect high hopes
but i was wrong!
doesn't break me out
so what works for some may not for others
doesn't take much at all
you can't use them after they expire
tip: if you've run out
do not throw your tube away unless you done this :
i didn't know what to expect
it's like i never had the acne problem.
it doesn't last long
i do not have this problem anymore
didn't break me out
while it didn't affect me badly it still didn't show me results i wanted to see
plus it did not make me break out.
this has not made me brake-out whatsoever.
this certainly does not
see if i'd like it
have yet to find a moisturizer that does that!
it will probably not be enough on it's own
i the product didn't cause me to breakout
it doesn't really have a smell at all
cons:-i didn't see any change in my skin at all
it didn't seem to do anything
this does what it says.
i would definitely say do as it says
you can never go wrong with boscia products!
you can't beat their return policy when a product doesn't work out for you
you have nothing to lose to try it
i don't remember the specific name honestly
unfortunately this moisturizer just didn't work for me
but that's why we all shop from sephora right?
i guess you could say that i've had one for every "mood"
i can see why this may not be a great day cream
that does not do the trick during winter times
it did wonders for my skin!
this doesn't do that.
this product is not for you
why do i return to it?
that's what i did
i really do its just that you have to use quite a bit which does not justify the price
this does not break me out
this does not disappoint
this might not be the product for you
doesn't make me break out.
this is the only spf moisturizer i have been able to find that doesn't make me break out
enough spf doesn't bother me at all
i can't decide how i feel about this moisturizer.
can't say enough positive things about this product
this one did not disappoint
which i don't mind
i can't tell it has spf in it
that fact that it never breaks me out
otherwise -- i'm so so into it.
i dont blot anymore
this one actually does the trick!
i will say i'm not overly crazy about the smell
did not expect anything from the cream
i did not break out at all.
you will like this
i cannot say enough good stuff about this
i love that it doesn't break me out
i just hope that since it is not oil free it wont cause me to breakout
the best yet it doesn't break me out.
did not leave behind any drynessl
i noticed it doesn't smell like anything
i wanna believe it does something
cannot recommend it enough!!
isn't that what everyone wants?
does what i want it to do
but nothing works except this.
i don't remember if it's the same size or not
i just wish it didn't cost so much!
i don't know why this is
i don't know why
i never have any of the issues with my skin that i used to
this i have not found to do that
i don't feel that way anymore
i can't stress enough how much you need this.
it does not make me break out
i can't rave about this enough, it's magic.
it just does what it says it will
it didn't make my skin breakout
i will use the product until it's gone
i must say wow
seems to do its job!
i don't know how nars did it
i say it is a must have
i didn't think much of it at all
it didn't have as much wow effect
i couldn't believe the difference
would say thank you if it could
i don't know if it really performs miracles over the long term
wouldn't worry about that
this product did not help much
products so much i though her why not
this does not cause breakouts
i might even be crazy when i say that this has been a primer in itself
i'd suggest trying it out
you will seriously see
it does exactly what it says.
i like this one though.
it does not break out my skin.
it's never broken me out
i can't imagine my life without beauty oil anymore
i can't speak to the anti-aging benefits as i don't really have any aging concerns to improve yet
i actually like how i look when i wake up!
i dont think ill ever stop using this stuff.
didn't really use it much when i first got it
this does not break me out or cause me to break out in hives
i don't even know where to start.
let me tell you, boscia is it.
this does not sit on your skin or make you look slick what so ever
i can't imagine living with out this now!
i don't regret it at all
no matter your skin type there is one out there!
not only does it easily take off product
the smell alone is enough to sell me.
does what it says it does.
then thats my own fault
i see no need to even try any others.
i don't even need to use it twice i just love the smell
even though i am a fan of korres
in the morning i do not use a moisturiser i just tone
can't see myself going without it
it does not cause breakouts
since it didn't entirely seem to sink it i was worried i was going to wake up with an oil slick on my face
can't remember the name
my doctor didn't know what it was
which i did not use
nothing i did try had any effect.
t might have something to do with it as well
that's kind of never happened before with a beauty product
t does last quite a while
all i can say isâ€¦i love this product.
i don't know what changed
you don't need much
does not make my skin breakout.
i don't know what actually made me try it
i can't say for certain if it's doing anything about preventing premature signs of aging
no bad reaction to this!
don't think it's added in or anything.
it is not greasy like you would think when you read the word " oil"
i do not use it every night though because i did notice i broke out after using this
i never want to put on any makeup
it doesn't break me out at all
using an oil for my combination skin didn't seem the right thing at first
i probably won't recommend people to use this in summer if your skin is combination
other oils i dont do it anymore
i really recommend it for anyone can use it
i never get a bad reaction after using it
this can work when you have nothing else around
shouldn't use it all the time for that purpose though
i worried that oil would cause me to have acne
even though i know not all oil is bad
i can't get over this stuff.
i can't live without this.
you won't regret it.
i don't know if it's working on the anti aging because well i am only 23
i knew that if the product didn't work for my skin
i did a lot of research
i can actually say that this one works
let me just say it is the best cleanser by far
you just can't go wrong with orgins!
i'll never use anything else now.
i can't say enough of wonderful things about this cleanser
this product does not irritate either
i like it--true to it's description.
you do not need much for cleansing
tried it and love it.
i am not one of those people
but don't let that deter u from trying this.
i think you'll love it as much as i do.
what else i could expect from a serum?
i didn't see much of a difference
i've bought it 3 times already because i can't get enough
it does not with this one
there's nothing amazing about it
does not create oil
it does not leave any residue behind
it does not linger
this one isn't anything special
it does the job
doesn't break me out
honestly don't think i would repurchase
figured i would buy this
you'll be surprised how long it lasts
so $10 a month isn't so bad
i know it's not everyone's preference
i cant believe it is my face in the mirror
i like this product - wish i could love it.
for $20 you'd think one would get a fair amount wrong
i definitely recommend it if price is not an issue
i can't believe how amazing this is
after one use i could tell a difference.
this doesn't break me out
i recommend it to everyone!
it's enough for one application
i literally don't know how i've lived my life for so long without this
wont ever buy anything else!
didn't think much of it
this is not something i could use in the dead of winter
don't think it's strong like other reviewers said
glad it did not let me down
everyone who complains about the smell-- it must be you
i cannot say enough about it
i cannot say enough great things about this moisturizer
don't want to scare you off
why many thought it would control oil
which is exactly what i needed
rarely do anything i need them to do
what do i need?
i like it so much im writing about it to share the love so they dont discontinue it
this product proved me wrong
you really don't need much
you will either love or hate this product
i only use it at night so that's not a problem for me
you won't like this
if it doesn't work come over to this
it's never made me break out
but that's not what it's intended for.
i could be wrong since i haven't used it long enough
it is not cheap
just one pump of it is enough
all in all this product definitely doesn't get enough hype
i think it's called
i wish it did something to help my acne
foamy exactly what i thought it would be
it doesn't take much at all.
i am not having any acne issues
not use something that's too harsh
i know the other reviews aren't happy that it doesn't remove makeup-
this one did not dissapoint
i like it, though.
i'd love to say this is a paradise* product.
it's just not strong enough.
it doesn't last long so using it one a day is perfect
that's why i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5
can honestly say that this just seals the deal
i always say that if i product i use doesn't smell good it better be a miracle in a bottle
genuinely don't know what i would have done without it
but now i don't.
i did not get that effect
this one does not mess with my makeup
i could tell it was making a difference with my skin
i can't get over what a difference this makes after just one week
don't care about the colour or the smell as i only use it at night
don't want that to change
fragrance is not something you should want on your skin anyway
but i can't stop putting this stuff on my face.
night time is not enough!
i can't go back to the plain oil anymore
the smell isn't something that i would normally go for
doesn't bother me at all
doesn't really bother me
it does not disappoint.
the smell of the product is not for everyone.
can't say enough good things about this product.
it'll basically sell itself
i can really tell the difference in my skin when i don't use this
that's not the case
it is not a clear oil like josie maran
i don't think i could live without it
i agree if you don't like either then don't purchase
i don't know why people are saying it smells like fish
if you do not like the smell of oranges this might not be for you
i probably tried it
i don't care what it smells like or what i look like
just in one night i didn't see anymore breakouts
it's the last thing you use
you won't regret this purchase
this one does not
honestly i don't know what i did with my skin before i discovered this product
don't be afraid of this oil
don't be afraid to use oil!
all i can say is wow!
asked one of the gals what i should do to add a surge of moisture
not sure why some are not into it.
i can't live without this.
it wasn't the wonder product for me
weren't giving me the results i wanted
i don't even need primer or foundation now
it certainly does have a fishy smell to it
i don't exactly know what it's doing to work so well
i believe it was not so red color before
the smell really doesn't do it for me
even my boyfriend who doesn't notice it if i even wear makeup said there was something different about my skin
he asked if i was doing anything different
it does have a very strong curtis product may not be for you
did the whole accutane thing
it works so well that i am willing to live with the smell
this one does for me
this is just not going to work for you
i can not live without this perfect oil.
this oil does not make me break out
i simply loved it!
even my concealer did not want to behave
i do not feel it dried my skin out either like some of the other reviews mentioned
what this product does do
not to mention it lives up to every word it says
believe me i would put this in the miracle creams
perfect just wish it wasn't so pricey.
this seems to smooth out when i do
this is no miracle
seems to do most of what it should
i don't know how this works
it's not nearly as bad as before
i don't have many since i'm only 23
couldn't wait to buy it
after i use the wrong
normally i can't use anything for a few days
wish there was a way to know how much there is left in the bottle
i can't say enough about this cream.
i tried it immediately since nothing else i used seemed to be working
every time i do makeup
that's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 3.
i could not believe it
the same thing happened to me.
i didn't have to use as much foundation
i dont personally notice it
didn't break out as much
i didn't give five stars because it didn't fade any of my existing dark spots
i can't be without it
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
haven't tried it around my lips yet
i just don't love the results
i am no longer embarassed to be seen without makeup
can tell they just don't have the same luster as this product
so yes, it's become a must.
my skin does not breakout
i honestly did not think it would do anything
which barely did anything for me
i can't say enough good stuff about it.
is that i am not sure how long it will stayy potent
now when i say this working miracles on my face no mean that my friends
i might repurchase but i'm not sure.
i didn't see any results
i know that sounds like hyperbole
i love that i can use it all over
not because of the product
i can't tell yet if the terms will be long lasting
i can't believe it didn't break me out
i can't say enough about the results i've gotten from using this daily for two weeks
i can't say it has been doing very much else though
i don't have any complains
it's the first time i use it and i love them!
for making me try something new that i probably wouldnt have thought to buy otherwise
the packaging is simply beautiful i'm not exactly sure about its claims to wake you up
i would recommend this for sure
this one didn't disappoint!
would recommend this to everyone
not anything that is going to have a drastic change
the whole combo just didn't work out
i didn't know what to expect
i feel this might not be enough hydration during winter
it did not cause me to breakout at all
you don't need to use much
then again i'm confused on how you energize your skin lol
i do not believe it is the end all
ably i didn't know what to expect with this product
you don't need to use much at all
i did not notice any kind of breakouts resulting from using it
for the price, this product can't be beat!
the only reason i couldn't give it 5 stars is the lack of spf
this one did not
i didn't care for the smell which is why i didn't give it 5 stars
trust me when i say i changed my entire makeup routine
did some research on what to do
i wish it had spf because i really like that my usual morning moisturizer does
i did not know what to expect because it was a gel
i honestly didnt realize how much i needed thos product until i started using it
this product didn't disappoint
not overwhelming at all either
i wouldn't say it has done anything to improve my skin tone or texture
all i have to say
it didn't bother me or my contacts at all
this lotion does not do this at all.
it also doesn't make my makeup wear differently than if i didn't have moisturizer on
be curious how true that statement is because i need all the help i can get in the morning
not necessarily like a morning glass of oj
not a bad thing if you like the smell of oranges
where i don't feel the need for primer anymore
i can't tell you how much i love this moisturizer
this does not mean i'm not selective about what products i put on my face
it does do the work
i couldnt say no to the amazing smell
did not make me break out
that does not change my opinion of this product
didn't make my face look like a greaseball
i didn't think this would work for me
it doesn't make me break out either.
i wish i would've known about this primer sooner
it didn't create the type of canvas i wanted for my foundation
it didn't break me out
it doesn't come off as too siliconey
at least it doesn't flake which makes it better if you want to stick with that line
doesn't break me out at all
is the only one that does not make my skin break out
i knew if i didn't like it i could return it.
i cannot go a day without this!!
it doesn't do all that much to extend the duration of wear
i don't regret it at all
there is nothing that is going to make lines just magically go away
does exactly what it says it will do
i also don't think the price is bad
i don't know why this one doesn't seem like a popular pick
no matter how much the anti-anging power works or even exists
it does exactly what it says.
this product does exactly what says it does.
so you're telling me i get a product that can help with pores
yes, please, i'll take two!.
what more can you ask for?
this product does not bother me at all
you must try this product and see for yourself!
does exactly what it says.
i do not have many wrinkles
i actually tried this on a whim
i don't know exactly why this combo is able to master my skin
this doesn't bother me a bit
i don't know about the other claims it makes
i really have no idea what primers are supposed to do
i guess for it being a primer
if you like any algenist product
don't get me wrong
then applied this primer nothing else
could not expect anything less from their incredible line
the only thing is that the sample did not specify that it was a day cream or that it even had spf
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because sometimes it made my skin break out
i cannot believe this product.
i know this is `lifting`
they seem almost the same to me
i only gave this a 4star because it's just too pricy for me
when it does this is the only thing i can trust
scared to use it at first because i break out easily if my skin doesn't like a product
i actually did an experiment using neutrogena under my makeup
another thing that i like about it
this is not enough spf for me in california
i usually never see any results from any serum because i don't really have any problems with my skin
i can actually see changes in my skin.
the only thing i can say don't buy it from sephora
this is the first product that does what it says it does
honestly i would go without other things just to buy this product
please never stop making this!
it doesn't cause me to break out which i love.
they all tell you to wait
i am not sure if it is the combo of these products or what
it doesn't cause me to break out
only complaint/suggestion is i wish they would make the bottle clear so you could see how much you have left
anyways i hope this helps if you are on the fence about buying this product
i didn't give it 5 stars because of the packaging
it's hard to tell when it's going to run out.
but don't be fooled!
you get what you pay for
however i just couldn't get that product to work for me
i honestly haven't found a line besides this one that provides me with such quick results without making my skin freak out
i rarely reorder anything
i should say that i was using algenist neck cream
alone i wasn't getting the results i wanted
i simply love this product
when i think of all the money i've spent on products that didn't work
i did not notice any changes in my skin.
did not irritate my skin
not sure if it was this serum or not.
i decided to return it and try something else.
can't wait to see after 20 days...
?if you don't then this is for you
algenist has never done my skin wrong
i simply cannot afford that no matter how great i look
you get what you pay for
the latter is the only area where i don't feel like there's been a huge difference
(so i guess you save money that way at least?)
i find the product itself does exactly what it says it will
often people are often surprised when i tell them my age
words cannot describe how great this stuff is.
i do love this line just wish i could find something that did the same thing without the cost
i don't have any wrinkles yet.
it does exactly what it claims.
try it, you won't regret it.
you do not need to use much at all
had no idea what would help
i know it is made for the face
i know that there is still some left at the bottom that the pump can't reach
cannot imagine having to be without it
i cannot recommend algenist products enough!
they never did for me
something in this didn't agree with me
still, it did what it said it would.
this product does exactly as claimed
t really doesn't last too long for me
not serious enough for me to stop using it
this is not for those with "too late youve got 400 lines on your face" get real people
although i'm sure they don't recommend it
it doesn't take a whole lot to cover the face
you just have to try this to believe how well it works
this product does exactly what they say it does
i like it enough that i would still consider spending the 100 for it if i can not find anything else comparable
wasn't necessarily expecting an entirely different result with this product
i can't think of a better word at the moment
it does what it says
you can always see the difference once u stop using it
i know that there are no miracles---
the results from this stuff seem to duplicate the results i might have gotten from a "mini-lift" i think
i can't really be sure
it's not too harsh either.
i would say by day 3
didn't notice much in the way of improvement
i can't get over thinking that trying
cant wait to try it
it is not this cream
i know it's worthe the $$
they do not seem as deep
it didn't really do it for me
i simply refer them to sephora
the only thing i have to say is that i wish it either had a pump bottle or a squeeze bottle to keep it a little more sanitary
it's what made me fall in love with korres
i don't know if it will work for everyone
would recommend it for sure
i don't know what happened that i somehow forgot about a jar of this sitting in my bathroom cabinet
if there is even anything out there like it
my only other caveat is that i don't like the smell
i am usually the queen of trying something once then trying something else
doesn't break me out
i don't even feel like i have any skin issues
you don't need to use much
it doesn't break me out either!!
i can't wait to try more of the korres line!
just like anything else from korres
never had anything like it.
you will look like you got enough sleepâ¤ï¸
i don't know what it is
i actually like the smell
or those who have to experience cruel winters like i do
i love what it does for me
i can't say enough good things about this product
everything i used did nothing for this problem until i went to sephora hoping for a miracle
how it is not greasy at all
did not make me breakout as many other products
it does not make me break out
i do not need such an intense night cream
this product is amazing, i can't love without it.
let the others know
you will see a difference
it does not get out of control
not letting this one go!
that's my only complaint
i like it though
it just doesn't have the same effects
for some reason i can't really tell the difference
nothing that should bother anyone at all
which i had to learn because i will ask people what they use if i see they have great skin
you get use to it
this one did the trick
it doesn't take a lot of it
i never really knew what "evening" or "brightening" meant until i tried this
hoping it doesn't break me out too bad
first of all this stuff doesn't break me out
i don't use this every night
i didn't find it bad at all
you don't need much
it is exactly what my skin has needed.
it doesn't bother me at all
even if it did i would still use the product because it works that well
the smell while not amazing does not bother me one bit
this product isn't going anywhere
i can't place it
no matter what i applied the night before
also even when i don't apply anything
i did not see any desired results
it is not for the eyes
do not rub it in
you will have a tendency to want to use more
look the way this oil does
i can't even remember the last time my face looked like this
which didn't really do much for me.
this stuff, however, is a dang miracle.
i am so glad i didn't give up
it's the one product i just can't live without
i can see this being the sort of oil that won't work for everyone
i only wish it wouldn't be so pricy!
i don't use it every night
i actually didn't put it in my bag right way because of the price
but something told me to splurge and i did!
i am not sure yet
with really no intention of using it
so out of desperation i thought i would try this oil since i was told it does wonders for acne
that's just what it does
you won't regret it
i can't describe how happy i am to find this product here at sephora--it was discontinued from clarins' lineup for a long time
you name it--nothing helped
i would put it back because i didn't need any
i didn't think much of it until my friend asked what foundation i was using for me not to look like a grease-ball as i usually do
this is a claim i never expect to come true
does not just sit on its surface
don't know why this would be.
i wasn't sure about putting an oil on my face
it wasn't a life changer
let me say that it's take a long time to learn that if you're not born with flawless skin
obviously it didn't change my life
not add anything to it
just don't spill it like i did
i can't imagine i had lived so far without it.
now, i do not recognize my skin.
when i asked the sales associate if there was anything else she would recommend
i cannot say enough good things about this oil!
my breakouts are almost not existent anymore
you will not regret getting this oil
wasn't sure what to choose
by that i mean
that is what i did to make sure that buying an oil for my face was actually the right decision
figured i'd give it a try
btw, i am 56 so these benefits matter!
don't know the name
the only thing i don't like about it is the price
i am not sure about the reshape
resmoothing effects as i don't see those results yet
i'll never use anything else
i can't say enough about this
i would never buy anything else.
you won't regret it!
i don't find it a deal breaker
for anyone who tried it
this product does that
which is why it may seem like it's expensive it really is not since it last forever
don't over do it.
i don't use anything else after trying many
i don't get it.
this product didn't make me break out at all
this one did not have one
you do not need a lot of this product
photoplasma was exactly what i needed
you will see a difference.
the product also does not cause me to breakout.
not sure why other reviewers found it tacky
i just couldn't force myself to wear it
yes i wear it under my make-up
this may not be a good choice
i can't think of one thing i dislike about this product
nobody can ever guess my age
this product does the trick
it is everything i could ask for
it's honestly just this!
which doesn't happen with ffm
i breakout over anything
it certainly doesn't hurt
that's not why i'm buying it
you definitely don't want to over do it with this product
because if you do
not bad, not bad at all...
i don't know what he means
although it does not give any color to the skin
it is a quality product that does what it says it does
can't remember the product name
have to say it is amazing
i am not sure if its suppose to do anything other than protect
don't go too crazy with it
otherwise i love it!!
you don't need to much of it
would rate 5 stars if it wasn't for this
i can say i without a doubt it has made a big difference in my skin in just days
i would recommend this product to any if my friends
i just wish it came in a pump not a jar.
i can't imagine i'll ever use anything else
in the winter anyway
since it didn't seem like it was doing the job anymore
did the same thing
this did not have me break out
i truly can't wait to get one.
before they put anything on me they used some of this stuff
i cannot recommend it enough
i take one star away though because the bottle is not that easy to use
okay, so this might sound stupid.
of course, this is no miracle or anything.
my skin not only tolerate it well
i even have a travel size bottle because i don't like to go a night without using it
out a 5 star review simply because there's always something that can be said against it
i really did notice a difference
you can never start age prevention too early i guess
one drop it's enough every time
what else is new?
i think you have to use it everyday to notice a difference
i cant say enough good stuff.
buy this, you deserve it!
redness that i was afraid would never go away
didn't have much effect on my fine lines
i did have a couple of breakouts
it's probably not even half gone
not *really* needed to see some results
i can say for a fact
i can't say enough good things about it.
i do not have any fine lines or crow's feet
all i could think was
"why would the lady give this to me
a student about to start college who doesn't have a job anymore
with this product i know i can get there.
i didn't think my skin needed to / could look younger
i don't want to be to harsh on this product because my skin was breaking out while i used it
i don't mind paying for a product that does what it says it's gonna do
i don't know about long term effects yet
just wish it wasn't soooooo expensive!
does everything it says it will do.
i don't think that i can be without this product!
i honestly think that even though it's more on the pricy side
i cannot believe how amazing my skin looks after only 3 days of using this product
i cannot believe the results
no matter how many eye products i tried
i know it doesn't claim to clear acne
can't wait to see what it does the more i use it
i don't see myself stopping until my needs change
i honestly did not see the result at all in two weeks
really like no exaggeration.
didn't make me breakout
i wasn't expecting anything special
now i barely have it anymore
it not doing anything
it is still not enough
it is not that bad
it does what it should
when i do its because i either love or hate the product
do not want to upset my skin more
can't live without it.
occasionally i try something else
i don't think i will ever give it up
i wasn't expecting anything
does everything that the bottle promises
i can't say enough good things about it
that's not really what it's for
just not the price
like many could agree
it might not seem significant for someone without trouble
i wasn't to sure about this product right away
i couldn't tell much of a difference in my crepiness
i don't see any difference since i don't have any under eye problem yet
could not find any
didn't think of using it on my face
i personally don't hate it
which i personally don't mind
you either love it or hate it.
which i didn't need
i can't get enough!
didn't look or feel dead post-flight
even when i don't have much to complain about
i didn't even know it
when i actually talk myself into using this one
i can always count on this mask to do it's best
said let me try it
see what it can do for me
sephora play box is the best way to find new items because i may of not even known about this if it wasn't for play
i would recommend this mask for sure!
i'll never be without this mask, it's that good.
can't say enough good things about this mask.
you'd think for 77 dollars
that's the only reason i'm giving it a 4 is because they should provide one
wasn't sure how many uses i would get from this small bottle
i cannot say enough great things about this product
the smell doesn't last long if it bothers people
not the case with this one!
i used tata harper's resurfacing mask yesterday thinking that it certainly couldn't make my skin any worse
healthy that i didn't even bother with foundation today
honestly can't pinpoint exactly what it's doing
i wasn't expecting much
does not believe it came from a jar
i didn't use exactly as directed: i leave it on overnight
what do you have to lose?
do not use a lot of this
i just wish it wasn't so expensive because i'd buy it every time i ran out
but was i wrong.
want to warn people not to use it becuase it affected me negatively
i do not have acne
if you can afford it get it for real.
the only thing i didn't like was the smell.
i really didn't want to spent this much for the full size
try a sample and you'll see what i mean!
i can hardly wait
didn't think much of it as my skin looked about the same
give this one a try it's clearly does what it says
it doesn't irritate me one buy or cause break outs if anyone is wondering
why not keep it on longer lol.
i don't know how it works
not sure what else this can be).
not the case with this mask.
that's the only negative i can think of.
didn't make my face look any better with makeup on
you can't expect much more
i can't even believe it.
yes it is pricey
i'll continue to forever- it's that good
i try not to buy into the "hype" with face masks
it's a repeat buy for me.
this did not irritate me at all
can't wait to apply my foundation
didn't find a huge difference
i didn't feel that i saw an immediate difference
not sure if it justifies the price
i know it was because of this mask
the scent didn't bother me at all.
didn't want to try it because it smelled bad to me at the store
i can't really describe it
it is so gentle yet does wonders!
it didn't take as well
i can't wait to try the rest of the line
can't say how it would work for those with skin issues
i never saw any difference from using any of them
i want nothing to do with that
assumed i would hate this as well
didn't notice much the night i put it on
i didn't have to use much either.
not sure how or why
i can say no other product has ever done so
you get what you pay for
does exactly what it claims
i can't really put my finger on what it does exactly
you might want to try something else
this does not irritate it in the least
this does not irritate at all
all i can say is wow
i didn't care for the smell at first
you will not regret the purchase
which people tend to either love or hate
i am telling you i use most of her line.
it did not break me out
she did not notice much change in her wrinkles
this product doesn't seem to cause any issues after about 5 days of use
i cant say enough about this product
i've tried them all if not almost all
can't use any other cleansers anymore because of how great
i hate that i love it so much because it's so expensive
that's the only way i can describe it
that's still not a long time
what i do is after i use it
wish the price point wasn't so high
so you have to be dilligent
i found that i couldn't use it every day.
i didn't notice any difference using this product compared to others that i use
not a fan of the smell
i've never used a cleanser that gave me instant results like this one does
i wasn't sure at first how much of this i should use at a time
don't try it, just don't.
because you're going to love it
if you like it of course
i cannot believe how quickly i noticed a difference
but not this one!
i think the people who don't like it did not read the directions to put it on a dry face
i can feel the difference on my face when i don't use it
i didn't think the price was out of line for the amount
did not find it strong
i know i shouldn't touch my face
so i need something that will actually work!
doesn't linger so you really don't need to worry
how far it goes even if you can afford it
don't usually love the results they bring
i did it anyway
i would say the ingredients
so this is not the reason why i like it
did not love it
didn't realize it was supposed to be a "conscious beauty"
i don't think i will buy it at full price because it's pretty expensive for what you get
it actually does leave my
i almost couldn't believe it when i looked in the mirror
i couldn't believe how smooth
if i don't love it
if you anybody wants to try just get a sample.
not to mention the smell
sorry because, have you seen the price?
after two days of use i didn't bother with foundation
this is the only one you'll ever need or want
what more can you ask for?
started 3 times to make sure it couldn't be anything else
i just never did
i cannot believe i went so long without it
if you're like me
i wish it wasn't so crazy expensive
i really notice when i don't use it
now i don't even notice
not bad at all
i couldn't believe the way my skin looks
don't need anything else during the day
though i guess most of them come from people used to the disgusting
many people comment on the smell -- yes
if you are not using this product then you are not taking care of your skin
i didn't notice any difference with any fine lines that i have
however everything of hers that i've tried
even though i do like the products
i didn't see enough of a difference to justify the steep price tag
i do like this product
it did not make me break out
by that i mean
can tell what works
if you've tried aveda or eufora products
too early to tell if it's helping my skin
wish it wasn't so expensive
i've tried so many products that did nothing to help
i just wanted to recommend this
this shouldn't bother you
i didn't really find it got rid of any "darkness"
this is one of the go-to products that i can't imagine not having
this product does not disrupt the make up or cause any irritation
can not compare it to anything else
i do notice the difference when i put it on
i dont know what happens if you stop using it
i dont plan on finding out
all i can say is i'm not embarassed of my dark circles anymore
this product depuffs just as it says it does.
i tried what others did
i still can't believe how well it works.
its definitley not an over night thing
it does work in fact
this has been the only one that's actually works
i used it all over my face so although it's meant just for the eye area
that alone would be enough
doesn't affect make up
i wish it did something for spots
it has done exactly that
it does what it says it does.
i would recommend it to all of my friends!
if you don't use an effective moisturizer afterward then yes
you won't have a problem
this may not work for you
don't know if doing so would get the same results
know it's gonna last me a long time
tots not a problem anymore after this
murad never fails to amaze me with there products
i cant feel anything within minutes
so that doesn't help either
you won't be sorry you tried it!
you can hardly even tell i've been using this product religiously
wasn't sure what to do
i honestly believe that the combination of this product
for now i didn't get any irritation of this product
it has done neither.
this would probably amaze her
this oil is not heavy as i thought it would be
except it does not help with fine lines
i'd say it's a big yes , try this one out .......
i must admit i really do love this product
am not sure if it is this product or not
t could be any of them really
even though i don't like to admit it
i hate to say it
i've never tried an algenist product i didn't like
because if i do it causes me to break out
it actually hurt from not getting enough sleep
it did not make me break out
i can't wait to try them.
can't be without this!
not sure what the benefits will be
it did not cause breakouts
they would seem to work for a bit then
it's cheap so i wanted to give it a try.oh boy.
s on to see what the fuss was all about
the algenist oil does not break me out
i dont get pimples much anymore
it is so light you can't even tell it is there.
it does the trick for me
it's not cheap but it will last.
my mouth area was so dry i was willing to try anything so she gave me a couple samples
give it a try, you won't be sorry.
i don't know if the science is sound
if she didn't know better she'd say i was pregnant
it did not make me break out
can't say how well it works to diminish those
this product never caused any breakouts for me.
i can't really say anything as to its "anti-aging" benefits
i can honestly say that each morning i wake up having used this i can totally see a difference
one time won't hurt
we all pick even when we know we shouldn't
asked the saleperson "what's the one thing i should buy that will make all the difference in my skin?"
not sure about that
but not this time.
figured i really didn't need this also
i can't possibly use them all at the same time
yet i like them all
so far it's my miracle!!
you only need a drop or too.
i definitely can't afford it
an oil didn't seem like the intuitively right treatment
she had no idea i was doing anything new
would never have tried this if i didn't get a free sample in the store because let's face it
i couldn't figure out how to get rid of it
no matter what i did
it is so amazing i can't go without it ever again
this did not cause any break outs
i do not wear foundation
let me tell you
the only con to this product that i have seen on myself
you won't regret this purchase !
while he made the "i have no idea what you're doing to me" face
they suggest me to try the oil
i cannot answer about those as i am only 26
not sure if i would spend 79 bucks on a bottle of this stuff
can honestly say that it has made a huge difference
can't live without it.
i still can't believe my eyes.
i do not have any serious issues with my skin
but this has not caused any problems for me.
i know i have.
this product didn't irritate my skin in any way
this is the only one that doesn't make my skin breakout
this doesn't break me out at all
for those who say it did cause breakouts
which wasn't what i was expecting out of this
not one product is going to work for every concern
honestly i love it so much
tried all clinique stuff which didn't do anything
i cannot say enough good things about this serum!
this formula does not make me break out
it's amazing i tell you!
i always keep this in my arsenal because it's never a bad purchase
people do not believe my age when i tell them
it's hard to find products that will not break me out
i can stick with these because they actually do work
ladies do yourself a favor and try it out.
i don't believe i'm getting the extent of benefits as i did in the past
maybe it's just me.
which isn't exactly what i got it for
the name doesn't lie, it truly does repair.
all i can say is wow
i can't wait to see what long term results will be
i simply haven't found a better serum yet that i can put in morning
this does the trick.
not only can i not live without this serum
i can see a difference when i don't use this product
be useless if not
it hardly does a thing if you use it alone
if you use it as it says
it's one of those rare products that really does what it claims to do
nothing else i try comes close to this
obviously cannot speak to the long-term effects of this product
it goes away almost immediately so that's neither here nor there for me
it's in my cart now because i would love to see how this does long-term
she told me i wouldn't notice a difference right away
if i don't want to be bothered with my whole face routine
i can't imagine not using it.
you don't need a lot
if you are like me
you will love it
i do wish it wasn't so expensive
this didn't happened over night
so if this happens, don't give up.
the only thing i'll say is suckish is the price
i can't recommend it enough!
i wouldnt hesitate to purchase it again
why not start an insurance policy for your skin the moment you can
don't hesitate, buy the $92 bottle.
when i run out or forget to use anr i can always tell the difference :-/
i wasn't sure what to do to get my skin under control
i didn't expect such a major improvement so quickly
this product does not need another review
that convinced me enough to try this out.
i don't know exactly what it's doing
i don't feel like it doesn't works anymore
before i used this serum i wouldn't have dared to go outside without some sort of foundation
can't live without it!
i can't wait to see the effects after using it for a while
if you don't add anything after
since i dont want it to get discontinnued
not sure, but am having a bad reaction.
you know how you end up w
ering away because you're hoping something even better is out there?
thankfully do not have many lines
i do seem to have to use a lot of product
this one didn't disappoint me.
i can't believe how well it works!
you can tell the difference
you do not realize how good something is sometimes until you dont have it anymore or you try somthing else
you cannot go wrong with this
you cannot just use one part
didn't uses it at first be issue i didn't have wrinkles
not sure about the long term effects
it does what it says it does
wat not didn't help my pores like this did
this product did not break me out
i decided that i had nothing to lose except more money
it does what it claims to do
questioning if it could really do what it claims
but not overwhelming at all.
i wasn't really sure if it was doing much else
i can't afford it
i can't afford not to
i practically lose sleep over the thought that this stuff could ever go out of production
i can't believe i didn't think about or know about this sooner
you won't regret it at all
what i do not necessarily like about it is that it's rich enough to not allow my skin to absorb it quickly
i do not feel the same
the only thing i hate is the price
it did not cause me to break out more
you can't stop looking at it.
you can't use just one product
does not break me out
not over doing it
it does exactly what it says
unless i'm doing a huge makeup to do
i don't find i need to use a ton of it
now i know why
it is not true
even when i don't get enough sleep
my bags are not there
you don't even need much to apply
because it seems to do wonders on my face
i never thought i'd use estÃ©e lauder
i can't believe it!!
i dont see much of the difference yet.
it does the trick after clensing
you cannot go wrong with this product
but i don't look and don't feel in this age.
because none of them make magic
i can't get enough of this product.
you don't have to use much product
didn't expect to love it as much as i do
what i love about it is that you don't notice it.
could definitely see that not using it wasn't a wise choice
you can't go a day without
didn't know this until i read the instructions that came with the product
so we'll see how it helps with that in time.
but i do recommend!
does what it states it does
they just didn't seem to work until i found this
this is the only one that actually made a difference
learned that if you use to much you can actually do harm
i think so many people may have problems or write bad reviews because there using to much of the product as i did the first night
can't say if it helps with that
i don't know why this product has so many bad reviews because i absolutely love this eye cream
i put the creme on any line that i see or worry about seeing
it does do the job
i didn't really have high hopes because eye creams never seem to make much a of difference for me
it doesn't do anything for dark circles
at 45 i have yet to really get any wrinkles around my eyes either
not a fan of the bottle
started to use something else
they didn't look as plump
it does make a difference
i do not yet have aging eyes
i tried so many others because i would really prefer something cruelty free
if you're not sure if you should choose between the foam
no matter what i do
hate that i didn't find it years ago
will never use anything else.
i can not put my finger on what it is
that's the only thing i don't like about it though
i can't believe so little reviews!
i can't say enough about this cleanser.
you don't need much
or it simply wouldn't do anything
doesn't break me out
didn't give it much thought until i started reading reviews
it's not really the best for that honestly
i can feel the difference immediately
many moisturizers that just did not work out
didn't think about it for a while
i didn't realise there was a light version of this oil
i didn't see the need to try the 100% light version
it does everything that i need it to do
it didn't do much for that
'm not actually sure that either of these are truly pure
i don't know what my skin would do with out this combo
it does break me out if i use it everyday on my face
this product does not irritate it at all
however, i do not put makeup over it.
doesn't break me out at all
i don't put on makeup without this anymore
i did not think i'd fall this much in love with this product
it didn't make my makeup slide off either like i expected it to since it's an oil
i can't imagine life without it
i can't say enough good things about it.
i can't live without this now!
i can't live without this.
i can't say anything
i didn't notice any breakouts which was amazing
this does not break me out
have not tried on my oily t-zone yet.
i don't have anything bad to say about this product
this does not make me breakout nor make my skin any oiler
doesn't break me out
it didn't wow me
would normally never dare to put an oil on my face
you can literally use it for anything!
i will never stop buying this stuff!!
plus you know exactly what you're putting on your skin
this doesn't make me break out more
5 oz bottle since i figured worse case scenario i wouldn't use it all
can't wait to try more josie maran products!
not sure i could live without them!!
you don't have to use much
you will not believe the results
i can't use it
frankly if budget is an issue
it doesn't break me out or make the oil any worse
not crazy about the smell
not get any breakouts
i must be in the wrong room
told me i didn't look my age
it did the job in a matter of two days
i don't regret at all
let me tell you
five stars doesn't do this product justice.
that's all you need
does not cause breakouts
this product doesn't make it worse
does anyone else find it strange that this company consistently spells the word aging wrong?
i can't tell you how amazed i was.
now i can't imagine not!
i wish it had spf so that i wouldn't have to worry about the retinoids
that you barely know it's there
this product is not like that.
i don't think i will switch to another one
doesn't make me breakout
when i use this i couldn't believe that i finally found a product that don't bother my face
ever stop doing so
i wouldn't be without it!
i don't feel the need to try others
it's the only thing i use in the morning.
they did not have it
however if i use it anywhere else on my face without washing thoroughly afterwards i break out like crazy
for those of you who do
although i love anything caudalie makes
i don't think it has anything to do with this cleansing water
it never ceases to amaze me what gets left behind
has nothing to do with the product
i will use it alone if i'm not feeling well or am too tired to do my whole routine
it's nice to have the option in those cases
i didn't give five stars because it's not quite a miracle product
i cannot recommend enough.
i can honestly say i will never go back to just washing my face
this does it all
i even did it twice to make sure
it doesn't come with a pump at all
i love my bioderma but wanted a change.
i want to try the
people actually stop me
ask me what i'm wearing
though it doesn't make a world of difference
not that any of them do
it may be a bother
it did the same thing
this product does not affect my eyes
i just use this
this one did not disappoint
i never have breakouts
forever for that anyway.
i like the smell although most people complain.
i will say i can't wait to wash it off at the end
i know the price tag on this is kind of ridiculous
it's gotten to the point where i think i'm gonna have to save
you'd get amazing results
you probably won't like it
now it wows me but still the price does not.
i still really can't see why this mask is so expensive
rather then wasting money on multiple treatments that don't work this is something that truly does everything it claims to do
hey sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
will not purchase simply because i am cheap
i know you're supposed to use it as a mask
not even 1/3 of the way through the pot
i couldn't ask for anything better.
i can tell you that after i use this
you will not regret this purchase
if that's the case for you
it's really expensive but you don't need much.
in any season it seems to never get better with whatever i do
believe me i didn't even use a moisturizer until about a year ago
i can't go a day without using this on my face
i can't use it anymore
it has no scent which i enjoy because i can only imagine how much it would suck if i didn't like the smell
something i don't mind
if you do not like the
it does what it has to do
dont let those reviews stop you from trying this product out
just because it didn't work for someone doesn't mean it won't work for you too
didn't cause me to break out
while feeling like i have no product on whatsoever
try it, you won't regret it.
i've gone through about 6 bottles of this i love it so much i refuse to try any other
i notice a difference when i don't use it
if you're like me do not get this product
not break me out
didn't break me out at all
it didn't even make me look really greasy.
i don't see a difference
i figured i probably should
does not cause breakouts
it didn't cause my skin to break out too.
when i tried it out it didn't do much for me
you dont need much either.
i don't think i will ever get rid of this one
they do not compare
this lotion did not cause me to do so
if you're like me
i give it 5 stars because
this does the job
buy it and you won't regret it.
i can say that it works very well alone
you don't need to use much
none of them do enough for my skin
i refuse to use anything else
my face is not dry anymore after i decide to buy this item
i actually use it at night
it's not that i don't like other ones
would never use anything else
i read that many people are saying it does not sink into their skin
7 oz tube because i was not sure how much i would like it
i am not saying it will do the same for someone else
anyway, i would still give it a try.
what do you have to lose?
doesn't break me out at all
i find that it's quite depuffing
found the ibuki line to be exactly what i needed
found that many of the clients complained that it over promised or that it didn't do enough
this product did wonders for me
only reason it's not five stars is because i haven't really seen diminishing of fine lines
see if that makes a difference
so believe me when i tell you that this one works wonders
i can tell a difference when i use it
don't have anything to compare it to
it did what it said it would
i honestly didn't think it could work this well!
it doesn't make me break out
not sure anything will help my dark circles
this product does all that
f you're trying to steer away from that then i don't recommend this product for you
it didn't help at all
this cream, however, did the trick!
'm not sure how it will effect those
i guess this is just me
so far i don't think it is causing any milia.
the only reason i did not give it a 5 is that it does not work very well with my face primer by korres
i probably need to use the shiseido face primer.
probably most people won't need to do that
otherwise i liked it.
haven't found something i didn't like
this does product does this perfectly
10/10 would suggest to anyone with problem prone
which i think is what's making the difference in my skin
didn't notice anything different with the new one
even though at first i didn't like how watery it feels
it did the trick
for one thing that worked there was always 2 or 3 that didn't
i love how light this cream is but does the job!
i didn't have it long enough to really test its promises
it didn't break me out
i don't think i will ever use another product
doesn't make me break out
it just wasn't me!
it does nothing for me anymore
i saw those exact results which i didn't expect
at least not to me
this has not caused me to break out
i would recommend this to anyone!
i heard some people didn't like the smell
i don't mind it at all
funny though because today i only had that in no makeup
this is not a bad product
i am not yet sure if it does what it claims
does not break out my skin.
i wasn't able to find something that a
after reading what the product treated i couldn't wait to try it
not sure how it will hold up to the canadian winters
i dont have any problems with my skin
seems to be the only product for me no matter how many i tried
i seriously cannot say enough positive things about this product
doesn't make me break out which is amazing.
it does the job
not sure if it's a coincidence or not
i cannot believe how i have gone all this time without this moisturizer
im not sure why other people say there were "glitters"
i did not breakout
this moisturizer did not break me out even more
i don't know how it works
i don't question it
i just trust it
i didn't think this would be good for my skin
i don't know how, but it just works.
i didn't like how the bottle looked at all
i didn't expect this moisturizer to do anything special
it does exactly what it says on the bottle!
f you rush--like i always do--you still can layer quickly
not worry about it
i do not regret it one bit
i really do not have any complaints on the performance of this product
i love that i can even use it at night
all i can say is that it works for me
i generally do not like that
and i did this one !
so that's saying something .
f your not into that this might not be for you
i can't believe the change i have noticed in my skin
so although it's not cheap
haven't seen any difference in pores just yet--- it's only been two days though
i also like the fact that i did not get any acne breakouts
i would definitely recommend to anyone that has problem skin
you will notice a difference
ibuki is something i just kind of tried on a whim
can not sing it's praises enough.
it doesn't bother me at all
i don't know what it is
i didn't suffer any breakouts when i tried this for the first time
however it helped with about everything else
i don't notice the smell like others say
this one doesn't at all
you do not need much of it to begin with
i still can't get over how amazing this feels on my face
i can't get over how much i love this product.
wasn't sure if i'd like it
i can't believe how great this product is
i guess i can't have it all
i not only love it
it doesn't stay long
you won't be sorry
it didn't clear my face up completely
other products have irritated my face or just didn't work
but here's the honest part, it stings-badly.
if this product didn't work so well
i wouldn't recommend it
although awful for you never fails to clear my skin
i've never seen anything like it in my life
i didn't need to think about
or worry about it not working
i won't dare go back to using anything else l
i must say it's a life changer
not even as a teen did i have this kind of a problem with acne
won't ever let them go
i would say it's a must have
nothing keeps them clear like these do
can be sure it's accurate
wanted something to use afterward to ensure i didn't miss anything
i cannot go a day without these.
it stings when you apply it but won't hurt you.
the answer is yes.
the reviews on here are night misleading when they say that it is a burning/itching sensation
not only did this help control
worse then she did in hs
it's nothing that you can't tolerate
i wasn't seeing a difference with these
now i'm just not sure
i've just purchased my second round of these bad boys because i'm afraid i can't live without them now
that's all that matters to me
nothing you can't manage if you want clear skin
let me tell you
the reason that i gave it 4 stars is that it does work
if you think your skin is bad enough where you would be willing to burn it every morning to keep it clear
if you're gonna try this
i would let them sting all day if it meant no acne
i can never tell the difference).
it certainly didn't burn
but you should know it burns.
t might just be this bad for me
let them know what you use
don't be afraid to challenge questions
though you shouldn't have to that's the best way to get the results you desire
i guess in this case the burn means it's working
where nothing else would
geez i hate actually using them
if these pads didn't work it'd be a different story
if you've tried everything, try this.
not sure the br
would think if you do
i can't imagine not using these
i can already tell i love them
they do sting just like everyone else says.
anything else you can think of to get it under control
asking me if i changed my make up or something
they are probably being nice because they can't say "hey
am glad it doesn't cause any irritation for me
though it does burn like they say
it did not prevent them for me
i loved this product simply because it does work
honestly i cant give this five starts because of the itching
i hate the way they burn
if i could change one thing about the product
when i do they are not as deep
these do not bother me at all
i cannot say enough about these pads!!
i can happily say my skin rarely of ever has breakouts
didn't take weeks to see results
did know what to try anymore
it lets you know that the product is working
just about when you think you're done
i've never used anything like it
enjoyed this product i don't know if i will repurchase or not
not sure if this is because i do every other day or if its the product
this product does exactly what it says it will do
im telling you they both works
i will cry if they ever stop making these wonder pads
it's too soon to tell
just want to try it
maybe those reviewers don't underst
you'll be happy you did
which is a good thing because it's rarely in stock
decided i need to try to find a good cleanser that won't cause me to break out
i think that people just dont know how to use this product
can't say how effective it is when used that way
one thing that you should keep it mind that it isn't for the morning purpose if you are not wiping it out
excellent, can't say enough about it : )
leave one because it's a little than what i try in store
but what i got doesn't have it.
i try to forget about it
it's good enough for me
is it just that i know it's so pricey
all i can say is, buy it!
it's true what everyone else says about it
none of them did the job of purity
i don't even know what to say, it worked so well.
please know the strong smell does not linger
even though i hate the smell
i know others dislike the smell
even if you don't like the smell
it has not make me breakout.
i am so regret that i didn't do this earlier.
not so much i don't love the product
i've seen so many people complain the smell
what more could i ask for???
while i'm not exactly crazy about eve lom's smell
even if it is amazing
i don't think that will be the case with this cleanser
if it isn't holy grail i don't know what is.
i decided to try it anyway
the smell was sooooo bad that i was going to return this no matter what
i cannot stop using it ever since seeing what it does to my skin
i can give up on my nose for few minutes because i love what it does to my skin so much
i did not want to like this cleanser as much as i do because it is pricey
i really cannot recommend this product enough.
so the problem for me is that i either over clean it
you do not need a lot of product for each use given how rich it is
figuring that if it didn't work out
too bad i didn't try this sooner
you want to make sure you've gotten every bit off
so needless to say i was buying all the wrong skin care products
one just doesn't do
it's not that there is anything wrong with the free purity or bm or algenist or ptr facewash i already have
there was nothing on them
there's no way they're not going to purchase it
i never though a cleanser could do what eve lom does
this doesn't mean i don't begrudge the price tag when i need a new pot
this didn't let me down
not dry that i hodenstly cant think of using something else
all i can say is that i love it!
when first using the cleanser i would suggest starting with just a small amount until you determine how much you require for your face because you really don't need very much for it to just melt into your skin
i didn't break out in the slightest
so probably just a matter of "no one product is right for everyone"
i cannot tell you how many expensive
i didn't like the smell
i really don't know how else to describe it other than to say this is the only face product i have used where i do see a difference in the overall appearance of my face
does not irritate at all
i can't take it!!
i did not know the cleaner was going to have like beads in it
you know what i mean
my skin also started to have the occasional breakout-not something you expect in my 40s
i cannot say enough great things about this.
i like to do about 20 minutes
i can't find it easy to get anywhere except sephora website
when my skin does want to act up
that does not mean i feel this product is drying at all
hadn't tried any of the others
it does what it says
i like it though
and it doesn't sacrifice either to achieve both.
can truly see the difference when i use it
i can't say enough about how great my skin feels after using this
it wasn't what i was expecting
i didn't find that deterred me from using it
it doesn't make me break out
i don't wear make-up so someone who does may have more of an issue with this as a cleanser
since you're just supposed to use it in the morning that shouldn't be a problem
if i'm not doing my makeup
this is not for you
i can't recommend it enough
you won't regret this purchase.
i think you get what you pay for
i would definitely recommend this to anyone!
i don't mind it
i actually like it
although it would make sense to get that eye makeup off before you do this
anyway, who cares about the smell.
i rub it in just a bit before i do anything else
which is probably just what the ingredients themselves smell like
wish that the smell wasn't so strong
it works so well that i don't even care anymore
it does everything you would expect from a morning cleanser
t does not have an effect on my routine
i don't know why more people haven't rated this product
i do not wear makeup
it's not foaming like others have said
so they only reason i even tried this face wash because reviews were mad it didnt foam
i can't wait to try every item in this line.
buy everything else they recommend
it isn't in the us
that never happens anymore
i really can't recommend it enough!
which now i don't have to do thanks to this amazing product
it's pricey so i'm not sure i'll keep using it.
i don't think so.
can't speak for others
if you don't see results
i tried this just because
not only does my skin look
i don't wake up with as much oil on my face anymore
the texture is exactly right
i don't break out
i actually did not use a patch for a while
then the only negative i have to say about this product is "the cool packaging'
not with this one.
they are very high-quality products you can not go wrong with either one
enough that i can see
this is the reason i wanted to give it a try.
i can't use it every night
i don't have many lines
i know my friends are wondering what's happening
can't say i have really noticed
not having a clue what to do about fine lines
as a matter of fact i am!!!
it's nothing short of a miracle!!
do not toss this when you think it's met it's end
i don't think it does miracles for dark circles
while i don't expect any miracles
it's not a miracle treatment
i know crepey isn't a word but it should be!
but it wasn't quite enough.
have to keep using this combination if i dont want fine lines
sadly they do not make one for under the eyes.
it's really not bad at all
you just never know.
the slight 'tingling' doesn't really bother me
does it break me out?
however, you really do get used to it.
it's not that bad
eh- i'm really not crazy about the burning so maybe not
i've not found many face products that i've gotten in my eye that didn't hurt
at first i did not care for the smell
still shock people when i tell them
it does everything i want
nothing that i don't want
that's what i like about it
it's not a miracle worker
price is not too bad considering you do not need to use too much
didn't have too many choices
i notice that if i use too much or don't let it set
it doesn't feel weird or make me break out or whatever
this doesn't bother my eyes
doesn't really work that well
i can't say enough of this product, but try it.
i can't say enough good things about it
i don't know how else to describe it
i simply could not be happier with this cream.
so not really sure it'll be an issue for most folks
i can't say i love it
after trying several products that really didn't do the much for my wrinkles
it does what is promises to do.
i do agree the cream does not apply smoothly however
i would recommend this to my friends if they ask me about it
i don't know if i can justify it for this product
not just for this product
i can honestly say that one spot is completely gone while the others are fading
i hated them i had tried so many products
this product is just so great i cannot live without it anymore
if you stick to it, you'll really see results!
now i actually do prefer the dreamtone
i think this happens when people try to over do it
i really can not believe the bad reviews on this product because it truly does work
now no corrector is going to work miracles
said"why do you have make up on?
i don't think i've ever was
i got this as a free sample so that tells you how much of the product i actually got to use
you can imagine my surprise
regret for not trying this product sooner
if you can afford it - this definitely works.
i can honestly say that this works
just the spots i know need it
it's one of the first products i've used that has done what it says it would do
i did not have any problems using it with any moisturizer
i may not have to
can't speak for lasting results yet
will let you know how it goes
i don't even need a moisturizer when i use this because it gets that job done
if it weren't for the price
i think i will look for something else
you would think it would work miracles
so don't waste your money
it doesn't have that much color in it
why not?i got the "fair."
i loved how i don't have to worry about losing my cap or this product leaking if i travel with it
it happened to me a few times too that i would blame a great product for acne when i probably would've gotten the acne anyway from hormones
i guess what i'm trying to say is don't let this great cream pass you by just because you're scared of breaking out
i guarantee it'll work
try it if you can
to be honest i wasn't expecting much
imagine what it could do the whole bottle
which did not work on all of my scars
i never wear foundation anymore
like most i thought i could buy the #3
i am not sure why people complain they wasted their money buying something
for people who said it didn't work they may be using the wrong one for what they need?
i dont have to anymore
i can't wait to see how my skin looks after a month of using this product
i decided to get a sample just in case it doesn't work out for me
i can't rave enough about this product.
i can't wait to see what longer
they all do the same thing
i can honestly say
i can honestly say that my imperfections
really didn't do much
there is a fragrance to it which some may not like
it doesn't really linger on either.
not sure how it can even get a low mark because it's truly a game changer
give this one a try & won't be sorry.
i say all of this to say that this night cream worked w/ my skin in all it's permutations
nothing truly did what it claimed to do for aging skin
i can't imagine life without it
if you're ok with that
though after a colossal break-out from a run-in with other products that didn't agree with my skin
which did worry me since i have combo skin
not sure if others have noticed this
so not sure about the smell issues that others have encountered
this cream does not seem to cause them
i certainly need one
i do like the results
also we are suppose to use anti-wrinkle stuff in are 20's so we do not have them in are 50's
feel the difference if i dare put another non-murad product on my face
does not cause breakouts
not change to this cream
just not for me
in the end that is not true
i couldn't find anything that worked to clear
you don't need to use a lot
it just didn't work well enough
i think the people who don't like it simply have skin that doesn't need this cleanser yet
does what it says :)
just after one use i could tell the difference in my skin
did not love any of them
this one i do love!
it does exactly what it says on the packaging.
will not go back to anything else
can't speak to how well it takes that off
this does the trick
know it will not compromise my health
you don't need a lot
does not make you break out.
i can devinitely tell the difference.
it's really not that expensive
you don't need to use a lot for it to do its job
i know that efolikate did wonders for my chin
i will never use anything else!
i don't think i could live without this cleanser
i always wonder what made me stray
this may not work for everyone
can honestly say it does what is says it does
not only does it smell good
not matter the cost
i don't know what is in this stuff
it really does what it says it will do
i don't know what i would do without this stuff.
i don't generally use it as they say to
didn't get it because i wanted another reward i knew i had to buy it
i cannot say enough good things about this face mask
this product does wonders for any skin type
there is nothing i can say is bad about this product
i did not break out
i don't know what they put in them-
so- i tried it.
need to said: i'm not a freak of the skin care because at this time i never suffering of any imperfection
for one or two days as more=you can't see any improve
need to said i can't see results on the first day
not sure it did anything though.
even thought it is not all natural
didn't realize how much i would enjoy it
wanted to do this product some justice
i really don't have any complaints about this mask except for the price
if you're not sure about buying this product
you won't regret it.
and actually i love it!
guess you could say my skin is sensitive
i honestly can't go back to any other mask after using this
figured i'd give it a try
i can't recommend this product enough.
those who do not have a lot of redness
it doesn't look like i put a dent in it
although i didn't see the instant results that i was hoping for
i don't think i would pay the 45 for it again lol
it doesn't break me out
i did not think this would work.
didn't expect much from this product
i didn't get the cooling feeling
can't imagine anyone doing that
does exactly as it says in description!
not really do anything
you don't need a lot
i used something else a few times
it didn't take very long for me to fall in love with it either
you can see what a difference it makes
you get use to it
i never thought i could love a face wash so much
because this is not true
don't tell me i'm getting a deal from your store when i'm not
no matter what season this is my go to.
i don't know if i notice it that much
it's a big bottle, and you don't need much!
it also did not break me out or upset my sensitive skin
i would not recommend this oil to people who live in very cold
it doesn't do miracles
i can't live without this oil.
i do not see a difference with that
like the instructions say to
that is not enough at all.
it does linger if you use it alone
does not aggravate my condition
if you are careful there is no waste.
you will want this product
a de-puffing roller has made such a difference i am not even sure i need one
wish it didn't cost so much
you don't use much either
this stuff is exactly that
i don't think i can ever do without the dilo oil.
i can't think of using any other oil.
can't say enough good things about this oil!
when asked i was never quite sure how to describe my skin
i can't say enough good things about this oil!
the only thing i hate about it is the dropper thing
my mom who is not even a beauty person or uses such products told me
it didn't make me more greasy or anything of that sort
sorry to those who have though
didn't find myself using it much
this did not break me out at all
i can tell a difference already
because i don't want oil running off my h
i do like this oil
if you're anything like me
y even if i don't use it every day
it's a one-stop, do-all product.
really does it's job
no matter how many times i try to convince myself that i should test out other creams
do yourself a favour and give this a try!
this doesn't break me out
it does not make me look greasy
it does not break me out at all
does everything i could ask for
think that alone says a lot
let me tell you
honestly a tube of this doesn't break the bank
i can't say enough great things about this product
i didn't think it was possible
have to say my skin doesn't show it
i am not sure if this caused it
try to give it nothing extra that might irritate it
because things usually don't wow me
i didn't expect it to be this good
i can't recommend it enough.
i can't take a star off for that though because the actual product
this cream is the only product i have ever tried that consistently gives me good results- it's my daily go-to
if that's what it is
they need to change this because it is beyond annoying
let alone one that doesn't make me feel greasy
i don't mind it
i don't know why they would include such a bizarre
i just wish there was an spf version.
did not cause breakouts
unfortunately there is not enough product for the amount of money paid
it is indeed oil and cream, but it is not oilly.
i love how it goes on
if you're not sure about the splurge
it may not be for everyone
i personally think it's not a problem
i love it if you can't tell.
if you can afford it
i just can't justify the price tag.
i can say i really love it so far
not sure why they don't mark it as anti aging because its better than anything i have ever used
t has to be doing something right
if a product does not agree with me
it also did not block my pores.
the only reason i prefer this one more is because when it's used alone
i didn't see any better results
i don't have lines or wrinkles so maybe that's why
does not oil up my face
i can honestly say that my skin has never been so smooth
i can't say enough good things about the dr
which i wish wasn't so expensive
did say that this wasn't enough for her super dry skin
though you really don't need much
i don't know what it is about the ceramidin line
it doesn't break me out
oil you can think of
i didn't want to be rude
i definitely notice a difference if i don't apply it before my moisturizer
i can't believe i just got this product recently!
if that's not your thing
if you suffer from anything this will help your skin
i liked how it didn't burn my skin.
the price isn't too expensive either so you really can't go wrong with this one
never ever dry anymore
ever gave me the hydration ceramidin does
this didn't have that effect at all.
it does not cause me any breakouts for me
can't live without them!
i wasn't sure if this would be too much hydration or not
let me tell you
she didn't think i needed the cream
it was exactly what my skin needed.
you will not regret it.
this product did not do much for me under my eyes
not vain enough for an eye lift.
every time i try something else i come
i can't find anything else that even comes close.
i am not exaggerating!
what it does for my skin
didn't realize how dependent i'd become on this stuff until i ran out
i cant wait to just use it alone in the summer when i want that dewy look
doesn't necessarily mean it is better
i really can't recommend this enough.
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
it doesn't compare to this one
i dont think im ever gonna try anything else
you do notice a difference
if you think about it
it did not break me out so it's a ++++.
over the summer months i tried something else because i never loved the powdery scent this has
this seems to do the trick.
because it doesn't need it
didn't break my skin out
i can tell a difference when i don't use it.
i sometimes use it alone if i'm in a hurry
i can't even count how many serums i have tried.
honestly i have nothing to complain about it
i gave it a four because i don't think i would die without it
it does not seem to really make a difference w/ any of my night creams
lets just say this product doesn't "wow" me.
i don't mind it at all because it works so well
i don't mind that
i can hardly believe it.
this is not for you
personally for me it isn't anything special.
i tried doing that with this
i can't say enough about this product.
i just wish it was in the stores but oh well.
this one did indeed
it didn't seem to be enough
i don't know what took me so long to buy this
that's exactly how this product is not
i love it , and i didn't know i would!
get this i did my research
i can tolerate it because it's the best
when people find out how old i really am which is only when they ask for my id
they say wow no way what's your secret?
decided to try something else when it was gone
you get what you pay for.
are that you can't tell when you are running out until you have run out because you can't see inside the jar
so that's my excuse
i didn't baby time to get some more
i didn't have any blemishes
they don't seem to bother my skin
i recently tried something else that did not have those ingredients
i knew i couldn't go without it
no matter what moisturizers i tried nothing seemed to help
believe me i have tried them all
i really can only speak to 1 aspect of what the product is supposed to do
i can honestly say it works
if that makes any sense
it does the trick for me right now
it was just not doing it for me
you can tell the difference in my skin!
i also don't know what everyone is talking about when they say the smell is strong??
i like this product its not greasy going on
not only did this cleanser clear my skin
what it doesn't like
i give it 4 stars because of that.
i don't have any issues
almost anything makes me break out
this does not irritate it at all
because it is the only line that does not give me bad skin reactions
it does not make me break out
i don't know how to describe it.
because it does not remove my
i won't use anything else!
anything else that they offer with this line
though it does work
it still does the job
it does't really bother me
if i had dry skin i don't know if i would use it
miracles really do happen
my pores have shrunk too which i honestly didn't think was a thing before this product
it didn't do much else for me
you do not need to use very much of this product
i don't know how
i don't know why
so why am i saying that?
it's not just genetics or me either
i don't know how it will do in the long-run with anti-aging
you can't go wrong with shiseido, period.
they gave me a sample of this because i couldn't decide what face wash to get
didn't get the same results
wow does it make a difference
definitely not embarrassed anymore of the dead skin i had on my face a few weeks ago
i don't have them anymore
it doesn't break me out
so i have tried everything!!
this does it all.
i recommend this to everyone i know.
", and let me tell you, it works.
i didn't at all while using these products
didn't repurchase for whatever reason
doesn't break me out
which i didn't think was possible
you don't need a lot of it for it to me effective
don't know how this will affect foundation
i would say that the only con is that you can apply too much
i can say thay i have no regrets
you won't regret it.
i don't think there will be anything better for me
but this one, i do want to share!!
if you can see what i'm saying here
i could see where some may be bothered by the smell
i also think there is just the slightest pearlescence
don't get me wrong
this moisturizer has not given me any problems
the description of this product is exactly what it is
it basically does 100% of what the description says it does
i cannot rave about the condition of my skin anymore than this
i admit that i pick at it
you don't need much
i imagine if you use it as directed
for $45 it's not a ton
it does what it promises to do.
i can honestly say i will continue to repurchase
i've noticed that when i stop using this my skin doesn't look as clear
everything that shiseido claims ibuki does for your skin is true
seems like it may even prevent it
i think you get what you pay for
which this product does claim to do
which i don't really use
t doesn't break easily
do not need any anti-aging yet
ter face some might say
-does exactly what the description says-goes on smooth
didn't change anything else in my routine
i couldn't believe it!
i can't wait to see how they will continue to improve my skin
if you don't put a lot it does not feel heavy
i never really thought they did anything
you really won't regret it.
felt too thick or like it didn't do anything at all
i just can't say enough good about this little miracle i discovered
there's not a good way to store it
i can't say more positive things about this product
did not like it
can't wait to try more from this line
the reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because i found that my skin started to look dull
that was just not doing the trick for me
i almost cant use any skin care products because they all make me break out
first off let me just say that i love the shiseido br
can say that i love them all
you think that it would make you greasy
i do notice a difference where it's meant to improve the condition of the skin
you don't need a lot at all
you really do not need to use much so the jar will last a while
it not only goes on so smooth
i really don't think ill ever want to try anything else after using this for a month
what a 180 in a matter of days!
i am not that easy to impress
i can see a change in my skin
some of my fine lines i cannot notice anymore
i don't it because of the results
i can see why others may not like
i'd be ok with the packaging not being so elaborate
i do not notice a bad scent.
it does exactly what it says it will do
thought i'd try it anyway
i can see how for some people
if it wasn't for the ridiculous jar- i agree with everyone else who says the packaging is absurd-
i don't see skin like that anymore in the mirror.
it's kind of ridiculous how much it costs
could not believe it.
if you are a sagger like me, try this.
i don't mind it
overall, yes, but it's no miracle in a jar.
can honestly say my skin is soft
i don't think it is necessary in my twenties
i can honestly say that i have found my go to cream
when i tried this product i didn't think i needed time reversing cream at 36
boy did i notice an amazing difference
guess you could say iâ€™m going back to that baby face i used to have or thought i had
something i didn't think i needed
decided to give it a try anyways
it doesn't require much
this is something i never knew i needed
now i don't think i can live without it
maybe this would work if i could have used it long enough
i could not st
so not a lot to change
even though i do like this
"how do you do it"?
this one did something!
i do love how it is not irritating
the price tag don't even be afraid of because it is well worth it this jar has lasted me almost 5 mos
yes my bags are still there
although it doesn't last
cannot live without it anymore....
i can't ever see myself straying
just didn't seem to do anything for me
which does the trick
unfortuately ...it doesn't look likely.
however it's not a miracle cream.
i did not notice much for the first 2 weeks.
however don't be fool by the look
can't comment on how the cream works on those
i didn't do it
with this product i can see that it's not needed
did not like it at first
even though i don't actually get it in my eyes
it hasn't done anything for my dark circles
as it's important not just how it performs at the beginning
if it's not longer in stock
hope you will love it as much as i do!
gonna get the full sized one because i don't want to live without this stuff
this one i have not had a problem with
i am not one to easily say that either.
amazed so far* i do not regret the price tag even one penny as of right now
have to say i am biased because i can honestly say at my age with very minimal aging i personally would not spend 150 to impact expression lines
love how it's 1 product that does it all!
i didn't realize how much of a difference it had made until i went a month without it
it is not cheap
you will tell the difference by what you paid
i didn't break out at all
have never had any results like i do with tend your youth
i can honesty say this one is the right one for me
could not live without!!
you will not regret it!
can hardly wait to see the results.
it does what it says
unfortunately i wont be purchasing because i wont pay 60$ every 2 weeks
this product is probably not for you
nothing else had changed
you can't even tell
would guess that only about 50-60% of it has l
only if i actually get to use it all
this one does not disappoint.
does all it says
not as bad as others i've seen
this did not break me out at all
cant say if it works for that
i can say i love this oil
i cant see any difference in my skin
can't recommend it enough!
"they wont break you out!"
my skin did not agree with it.
i would not recommend it
it didn't happen when i was using this
i agree that this gets a bad rap.
because i don't know if that would be a good conductor
i wouldn't want to be without it!
i don't know why this product is getting such a bad rap
it's not a makeup primer nor is it intended for that use
i don't know what caused it
it's also super smooth as well the only reason i gave it a 4 out of 5 is just because of the price i feel as though the cost doesn't add up to the amount of product your getting
though not much since i don't have any wrinkles or anything yet
then you should probably get sth else =
was afraid i wouldn't be able to find anything that fits my skin again
it just doesn't go far enough
i do see a change in my eyes.
so the price tag isn't so hard to take
i wanted to fade those
that doesn't bother me
'm not sure why other reviews didn't think it was
seem not so dark
i didn't expect to to anyway
my algenist eye cream just isn't doing it for me anymore
you gotta do 2 pumps, or do it twice.
but i didn't mind it.
this is the only oil cleanser i've used that didn't break me out like mad
can not stress it enough this product is amazing
do not expect that this product alone will do the job
(i never go without anyway.)
i can't say that the difference between this
it does what it's supposed to
something else i can't put my finger on
i don't mind it
this one doesn't leave much of anything behind
i did not give it five stars because the flagrance can be overpowering
f you want something very foamy you might not like this
i did not get any breakouts while using this.
then i'm not certain that you're going to be satisfied with this
only downside is it did not help with texture
although it does wonders to my skin
it's a bit expensive for what you get because i'm not so sure it will last a long time
unfortunately my chin did not agree with the rest of my face
i will say that i do like it overall!
let's start by saying this is not hg for me
so you know i do like it
it didn't take long to see the work of this amazing product
didn't cause any breakout
i can't quite tell if this product is marketed wrong or what?
not just my eyes
it doesn't take much of the product to do the job
if you don't care then it isn't necessary
i would probably get a full size only if it doesn't smell like this
some people do like the smell
plus, it doesn't break me out.
this does the job
i hardly break out anymore
t does not remove makeup well
the boscia oil-gel does not do that.
i can see why some might not like the smell
felt it would make me break out somehow or leave a film
dont know if it works for that
what it does is take off my makeup
can't speak to its effectiveness there
i could see why people might not like it
i do not see a need to even try another
it doesn't break me out at all
i love how it doesn't get into my eyes like the oil one
just not a fan of the smell
this did not break me out or irritate my skin.
it did not hydrate as well as i would like
it did not sink in to my skin
does what it is meant to do
i don't this product gets enough love.
this is the only one where i can really tell a difference in the morning
this product does not irritate it
i won't purchase something over $25 until wayyyy later until i realize it's been months that i'm still obsessing over a product i don't have
this didn't make me break out
that's how i use this.
it definitely did not disappoint!
this stuff does wonders
i know it's pricey but your skin will thank you!
this product does not break me out
it does not make me break out
i didn't buy yet just used a couple of samples.
i tolerate it because of how i look in the morning
this night mask does what it says it does
it does not cause my face to break out in any way
i love it and would recommend it to anyone!
i can see why it might turn some people off
neck so my recommendation would be to not overdo it
that just was not enough
it doesn't bother me that much
thought i would throw this out there
this is one product i can't live without.
did it make a difference
i would say give it a try!
i gotta say it works
you really can't go wrong with this mask
nothing else can satisfy it
i would say it takes about 10 mins or so
can't wait to see how this stuff works for my skin in the "winter"
i agree it feels odd to leave it on
i did not go to sleep with it on
you won't regret this purchase!
it doesn't make my young
this mask is literally the only product i have ever used that never fails me
i love the fact that i can put it on
this mask did not irritate it at all
'm not sure if i'm getting red from the mask or if it's just my normal
i might try a week without it to see if there's a difference
i wouldn't be without it.
i can't live without this product
i don't think this did much for my face
wouldn't you know it
will still buy though, it's that good.
i still am not sure if my fine lines are less noticeable or it's just something i want to believe in my mind since i paid that much for it
i do don't mind that at all i kind of like it
which is what i wanted
however it's not a deal breaker since i like the product
i does have a fragrance but it doesn't bother me.
she doesn't like it when i use her things
it does not disappoint!
did not sit on top of my skin
the only things i didn't like was that is had a very perfume-y smell
and this doesn't break me out.
it actually does what it says it will do!
be like "who is this hmmm??"
i wonder what i was doing without this
if you are thinking about trying this
i don't think i will ever go back to anything else
at first you think it's not going to soak in
you can not tell at all anymore that i have dry skin
doesn't break me out
what surprised me is that it doesn't cause my makeup to break down
i just can't say enough good things about this moisturizer
this does not cake underneath
not feel like someone may be commenting on my appearance
that's when you know you like a product
to me it did exactly what it promised
haven't had anymore issues
not have people ask me if i'm sick all day
maybe if you're on the fence you could ask for a sample as well
there's only so much that can be done about them
i didn't expect perfection
although it's not cheap
you don't have to use a ton of it
it was to the point where i didn't want to be seen in public or at home without under eye concealer
tarte's cream didn't meet my expectations.
knew nothing would eliminate them
i dont usually right reviews
if it works for me
realize that if i can't lighten them i have to learn to work with them
this product does not irritate me at all
was hooked on the ginzing it doesn't even compare now
normally i would say no it's not smart to blow my money like that
this time it's a yes
never used anything like this.
can't really see the difference in dark circles
never get enough sleep it seems
i am a nursing student who does not get enough sleep
i actually don't even need that much concealer anymore
it's not an offensive one
i didn't have any real wrinkles to say it helped that too
i do believe by using it before i got any wrinkles
i wish i could find the exact same thing for my eyes
it's not exactly the same
use something else over it
it is for me anyway
i wish they would of realized that that is exactly what is supposed to happen when you use a retinol product
you won't regret it
it doesn't make me break out
fortunately, i did in this product!
i did a lot of research
i don't know how or why it works
does not make me brake out
this does the job
can't live without this product anymore!
i didn't give it a 5 star because there may be a product out there that's even better i just don't know about yet
last night she said to me that my forehead didn't have those lines in it anymore
really, i don't have any complaints.
it's not that day and night.
it also doesn't bother me
i can't believe the results
can't say anything about long term use
don't need to use a lot
i don't have any wrinkles yet
this is one that was in the mix with everything else
i can not speak to its effect on wrinkes
don't have those yet
especially because an application doesn't require much
i will never go to anything else.
ps i would say my skin type is pretty normal
didn't notice any differences
hope it does make a difference
this did not bother me one bit
the only problem is there are some ingredients i don't like
i know it's not for under the eyes
it does exactly what it says it will.
it's so overpriced that i can't bring myself to buy it
i know someone else you don't get a lot of use out of it
i wasn't expecting to see results that quick
don't know how it would work on someone older
it only got 4 stars because the price is ridiculous
how wrong i was
if you're not getting the results you want
i could tell the difference in my skin.
maybe it's cuz whatever wrinkles i had probably weren't serious
didn't know how well they were working until my mother commented on my face
i don't know where to begin with all the things i like about this cream
i think you get your bang for your buck
if it does not work out for you
i almost didn't buy this product line because i was so skeptical
i decided to try it anyway because so many can't love it if it works so horribly
this is the only thing i've found that doesn't cause break outs
did i mention that it's pricey
realize many other people might not
you won't be sorry.
it is frankly embarrassing how many products i've tried
not sure if there are actually any anti-aging benefits
eye cream because i wasn't sure if i wanted to shell out $100 for the cream itself
it doesn't bother me at all
all i have to say is that it works wonders!
since you don't need a lot every time you use it
i recommend that you try it.
i would complain about the price
i've had a love hate relationship with this product until i figured out how to use it
my laser doctor even wanted to know what i was using so she could buy some
it did not irritate my skin at all
i cannot rave enough about it
i know they say not to put it around your eyes
can't comment yet on the long-term effects
i very often will have a quick breakout if my face doesn't like a product
he's heard me talk about makeup before
i cannot recommend this enough.
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
you do not need much
i do not find it to be strong
i did not expect to love this product at all
i actually hoped i wouldn't love it so maybe i wouldn't feel bad to return it because i cringed at the register
but i can't do without it now!
no one ever believes me when i tell them my age.
thought id try this one too
i don't know how this will work for other people
not even every day
i love this cream so much that i had to speak out
i don't even remember what it was though i used it for years
what can i say
what this did do for my skin: plumped skin
did not cause any breakouts
with this moisturizer i don't have anything to cover up anymore
it just did not do all it promised for me
what it does to my skin
decided to give genius cream a try
i didn't have any expectations
that's why i gave it only 4 stars
you do not need a lot to get the nourishment!
so glad that happened otherwise i may never have found salve it's genius cream
not sure what they are called
figured i'd give it a try
i did see it in my skin
i can't wait to try out more of their products
i can tell a difference when using it
my only complaint is that it's hard to peel off if you don't put on enough
don't get in the way or anything
not only does it do what it says
not worry for a bit
didn't see much difference
i still bought it anyway
i love this mask this is the only mask that doesn't make me break out even worse
i read the comments that people couldn't get it off easily
i do intend to try that
this is not the case here
when i use this mask i can tell a difference in my skin
or else it won't work well
if you're into that.
all i can say is wow
i didn't notice anything special about it
i will say this mask is doing what it says it does
i actually can't decide which i like better
the first time i used the mask i wasn't sure how to peel it off
not only is my complexion even
you do have to apply a good amount first to make sure it's even
it also didn't hurt coming off like many peel-off masks do
it does not come off in 'one' piece as you would hope
but this one didn't!
still does the job
i don't see much of a difference
this mask did exactly what it said it was going to do
i think the video peel is an impossible result to get
maybe i'm not using enough of the product
does everything it says it will.
didn't have any help from sales associates nor did i research this product so basically i saw an end cap with the words first aid
not only is this mask idiot proof
all i can say is after trying 15 or more things on my skin this week i really would buy this product over
please give it a try
it wasn't terrible or anything
i really don't have anything bad to say about this
you will know that it is
my point being: this mask not only works
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
not only does it do what it says
i must say i am so glad i did
which i rarely do
that's how much i love it
it actually looked exactly like it does just after i apply "porefessional" which i love
i can't wait to see what happens with regular use
i didn't have any problems when it came time to peel it off
i did apply mine after using my clarisonic--i'm not sure if that makes a difference in results
it does get the job done
even if you let it sit longer
decided to try something else
i didn't breakout as much when i use to use this.
found i didn't want to even wear foundation at all
i gotta say it's been amazing
does not cause me to break out
the price is not bad at all
i didn't feel it was anything special though.
it would make a difference
i actually do see a difference
but maybe that's just me trying to save money.
can't live without it
i can't describe it
t's something i can look past i suppose
this cleanser did not hurt my face
this has never bothered my face
not sure about the long term effects on my skin yet
couldn't say much else happened or was noticed
want to buy it again i just can't commit myself to the price :
just can't get passed that.
box and i just can't stop using it.
it's what i compare everything to because clinique has never upset my skin or made me break out
because you need this
because that's how i use it now
honestly--it's probably the best thing i ever got with my box
anywho i picked up a drugstore face cleanser which i don't want to name because i don't want to bash the company because from that same company i love certain things anyways my face starts getting red
they did the disclaimer that it doesnot mattify
yes i did the steam room thing multiple times
i still am not seeing any breakouts
for years i could not find a face wash that did not irritate it
not a brag-it's all skin care products like this that have allowed me to do that
i cannot believe how smooth
it's difficult to tell with a sample of this size whether or not it is a good product for my skin care routine
cause a break out or anything
that's not hard to do
my acne did not get worse
none of them work quite like this one does
i didn't necessarily notice that my face stays matte longer during the day when i use this
this is the only thing that's made a difference!
i decided to give it a shot because my skin couldn't get any worse
i cannot tell you how many compliments i have received just in this past week alone
i earned every one...but i don't love them.
hope this review helps someone else!
i don't know what went wrong there.
it doesn't help the situation
i can honestly say i really like this product!
i can't wait to see them completely gone
it's only been a week and i can see a difference!
didn't think it was necessary to apply a moisturizer
it's not my every night
it's hard not to use this every night!!!
it's pretty shocking to see it did not work out for some people
actually that was how i was using it
this c must really took me by surprise not that i don't know that ptr are high quality product
moisturizer or any product that you want to actually work
i don't agree at all.
i can't say much for the brightening qualities of this because i forget a lot of times to put it on
did not even ask the price
wow i have never been
i wasn't sure at first
i did not think it was that great
i wonder if they could make the exact formula
i can't comment on its ability to minimize fine lines because i don't have too many
moisterizing enough to not have any other lotion on
i know it my be a bit pricey but press try
it's just simply amazing
i don't notice much difference
even those who don't care about skin care
someone was telling me they use a vit.
i tried this that night and wow yes!
not only does this brighten
even if i didn't pick at them
i don't know what compelled me to pick this up off the shelf one day at sephora
i couldn't believe my eyes.
you know i love that
i didn't actually use this sleeping mask
it does not break out my skin either
when i read the instructions i figure there was no way i was going to use a sleeping mask
i figured if nothing else i could use it as a mask
which unfortunately sephora doesn't carry
i don't know about the long-term effects yet
it does have a citrus type smell though that doesn't bother me at all
i wasn't expecting anything
i can't say i like the way it is dispensed
that's my only complain.
found out it wasn't being carried anymore
i can't see my 30 something wrinkles anymore
this clearly does what it says
i didn't have any issues
i can't say that my dark spots have really brightened yet
i must say so far i am blown away
also, it does not break me out!
let me give you an idea of what i've been dealing with
never actually got the full effect of what i wanted
couldn't solve my problem by any means
i do not review a lot of products
the only thing i'm not a fan of is the pump.
you are a true fool if you don't pick this product up
this entire line has done nothin
this is the only one that actually works
to the point that you cannot see them through my makeup
there is no reason not to try this
there's a reason why they are
but i don't think i can ever give it up.
however i just couldn't justify spending $80 on another one
we'll see if it lasts as long though!
i can not see myself ever deviating
i don't know thats just how it worked with me
i don't know if i am just imagining because i want to see a difference
i honestly like the product
don't really have problems with my eye area yet
it is good because my skin does not accept too much
see if it works for you too
it's what works for me.
there isn't a wow after effect
i guess you get what you pay for
this one seems to actually work
don't really have wrinkle problems yet
i didn't buy this expecting to fix my dark circles
even if it didn't work
all i can say is wow
otherwise i would give it 5 stars
this does the job
this eye cream i can't believe that once i put in
definitely not instant though.
i cannot say enough good things about it.
it is not even half gone yet
i've tried other products that never seemed to make any difference
it doesn't take much product so will last forever
i can't say it was because of this product
i don't feel like it's a miraculous product or anything
i don't have a lot of under eye issues yet except for dark circles so eh
when i can afford it
i can't even say that it moistuized
i really can't live without this one
i cant tell you how much i love this eye cream!
people are asking him what he's using on his eyes
i did all my homework
it's all i ever wanted in an eye cream
i went to get a jar and couldn't afford it.
cheap things just don't do anything right.
does not burn the eyes if it happens to get in them
i don't have to use it every day either.
none did the job they promised.
not the intense stuff yet
this stuff does the trick.
of course i did not get rid of my fine lines
no dark circles when i am tired or did not have enough sleep
i cannot substitute with anything else because nothing comes even close
it doesn't really do anything for the dark circles
i don't believe anything ever will
i can't justified buying again because of the price
i can't believe how quickly i've seen results
what works for some might not work for you
something that no other product i've tried has done
i didn't feel that at all
i just still can't justify spending so much on an eye cream for myself
it's amazing but can't believe the price.
just wish i could afford to buy it.
don't get me wrong though
i can't tell if it's 'preventing the signs of ageing' just yet
t makes sense that this should help
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it did help smooth it all out for me
i know i will not see a major difference
dont give up if you dont see instant results
this one does not disappoint
just wish it wasn't so expensive
that isn't an issue to me
don't even worry about it
that doesn't bother me
if i could make a milk bath a la cleopatra with this product i certainly would
i only use it at night because i want to make sure it has plenty of time to just soak in without any make up or anything else bothering it
this stuff does not make my skin go crazy/have massive breakouts or anything
there's no way unless you use too much
not with this though
i felt as if i didn't need to wash my face
the only thing i wish
i went for it anyway
i want to buy this
it does exactly what you would want any product to do
wouldn't be without it!
nothing seems to sort it out except this
let me tell you
it does clearly say to shake well before every use
this formula seems to have figured it out.
only knock i would give it is it's price
which doesn't take long at all
the only thing i regret is not buying he bigger bottle
*sighs* someone might've thought it was trash
it doesn't fade anything or change my skinntone
i find that my skin does not get enough hydration from the milk alone
i do also use other products on my skin because i don't believe there is one miracle product for everything
the only thing i don't love is the price!
don't know how well it would work under makeup
i honestly didn't want to like this product because of the price
i can't get enough
it didn't even last me a week :
overlooking these flaws it does what its supposed to do
yet it is not greasy
every time i looked in the mirror i didn't even need a touch up
it just doesn't exist
it really does what it says it does
i've also tried many different masks that either burns or didn't do anything
this is the only stuff i can use to take care of it
i didn't want to spend the money
this did not bother her or make her feel greasy.
it doesn't hurt at all
- that has managed to level i guess my skin
lots of people have said this mask didn't do much for them
i didn't connect the mask to this
i do like this product
it didn't bother me
i don't know if it's just mine
doesn't fully come to an end really
i probably wouldn't have found this product
i don't know if it did anything to my pores
i can't live without it in the winter.
didn't make my skin red or anything
i don't find it does anything "amazing" for my skin
will not be purchasing a full size because it just didn't wow me
that doesn't bother me
it's definitely something i will buy over
i also didn't break out at all.
i just wish the price tag wasn't so high
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars
rarely do i find a mask that doesn't cause me to break out
this one does no such thing
let me tell you
i did love the smell
my mom even asked me what i did to my face!
it didn't bother me
if you've ever experienced a long
no matter what the mask does
let me preface this by saying that my skin is a confused mess
i didn't even want to wash my face.
that doesn't last long
i honestly disliked all the other glamglow products
i cannot say enough how much i love this!!!
give it a go if you're thinking about it
can't say enough great things about it.
didn't think much of it
i actually forgot i had this in the travel size
i don't think that will happen
i feel like with this product i don't have to worry
i can definitely tell a difference if i go too many days without using it
it doesn't do much else
nothing can help -- except this
it does what it says it'll do
i can't even describe how much i love this mask it smells soooo good
i know you can use this as a 20 minute mask
i didn't realize that the mud mask wasn't in there
now i see why so many people love these masks!
it does say to avoid eye area
what i love most about this is that you don't have to wash it off
let me tell you
smell were something i did not expect
def didn't have a problem with
those of you who have exzema know that we get fine lines
it's so smooth and dare i say...glowing.
assume they are doing what they are supposed to
there is a downside that's what i didn't give it 5 stars
if you can afford it
i can't part with this much cash without feeling guilty
i always say "you get what you pay for"
lots did not work for my skin
this maybe why some complain of breakouts (?
there is no way that i would spend this much money on a moisturizer unless it was truly an amazing product
i will never use anything else
i love this product and everything that it does.
om breakouts that when they do happen they are those bad ones that really take awhile to go away
" or whatever were really bothering me
i'll never know what might happen when trying new products
it actually does what it says
not sure which cream i'll commit to since i love the algenist
i love the effects of this product so much that i can't imagine changing
not to mention how good it smells.
no wonder it's the price it is
at least it's one that actually "does it all
i don't think makeup would go well over it.
will never try anything else
you don't even need to use much.
just wish it wasn't so expensive!
i don't love it enough to purchase the real thing once i run out
i wish i could afford this
and i have try everything!
it's a shame that this product doesn't work for some
because i haven't had that issue.
this one does everything it tauts.
maybe the product is not for you
it does not ball up.
or you might use it right
over time i figured out that it only does
not 5 because i can't layer it with other things
t kind of cancels out the need for anything else
you do not need to use much at all
so that's not a dealbreaker
unfortunately does age my appearance
this does not irritate my eyes
doesn't budge all day
trust me, i've tried them all!
this does not break me out or irritate the skin
this cream does not run
it's not a big deal if it goes near it by accident
can't live without it
i did not burn all summer
i didn't think it would give me enough moisture in places--it was so lightweight
i tried it anyway
i know it's expensive but it really works!
this product did not disappoint
it just wasn't the same
this one proves me wrong
does not break me out
you really need to let it sit on that area
don't know how i lived without it
since it's not actually oil
i can't say enough good things about it!
i don't know why i haven't found this sooner!!
man does it work
don't have to worry how to take my make up off
not with this one!
you won't regret it!
didn't know what to expect
it didn't help much
i don't think it would be good to use alone as it does not deep clean
i love it for what i use it for
so obsessed i don't think i will ever use anything else to remove my makeup
it does the job
does not irritate my eyes at all
i just simply love clinique products.
let me tell you, this baby does just that.
does not do anything magical for skin
so that is the reason i did not give it 5 stars
it has not made me breakout nor does it sting my eyes
you should not break out
i didn't believe it was as good as i was told it would be
it does the job
it does exactly what it is supposed to do
there's nothing in it likely to bother sensitivities
it's not even half gone
so can't say how it would work on that
it doesn't cause me to break out
it's really hard to use anything else
don't know why this doesn't get more love!
if you're like me
this does not irritate them what-so-ever
it doesn't leave anything behind .
it does not cause me any eye irritation at all
i do however have a warning: do not use this to remove eye makeup
it's hard not to get it in your eyes
not in everything because i have sensitivity
at first i didn't like it.
doesn't burn eyes at all if i happen to get it in them
it wasn't the case for me
that was not the case
i will not be trying any others.
i don't trust it enough to use alone in that respect
it didn't remove all of my foundation
i wonder what i would do without it
it does not irritate the skin nor my eyes
it did not sting my eyes
don't get me wrong
i cant do without it
i mean all of it
after a while i realized how it wasn't a big deal
it wouldn't break me out
i definitely don't break out as often anymore
mainly because i was using them wrong so they weren't effective
just whatever else is on there
i however wanted something that doesn't require kleenex to wipe off after because i thought that was a waste
i don't love it nor hate it though.
not necessarily the entire face.
if used correctly i think everyone will see how great this product can be
what i love is that it is an oil
even if it did it wouldn't matter to me since i follow with another cleanser
only product that can do this that i can find.
i would say this product does do what it advertises
the only thing i would suggest is to let your eye cream
not for the whole face though
im not sure why people say this doesn't work for them
maybe they're not using it correctly because this is an amazing product
i don't know why this product didn't work for others
can't say much about it's effectiveness in this aspect
haven't been using it for too long so we'll see
it does what it claims.
it's light enough that i don't even know it's on
i did not like any of them
you can wear it alone as well
i could probably just use this product without my foundation if i wanted
does not cause me to break out
i've tried a lot of primers and this one does it.
not sure if it's from this
could not believe how it made my skin look
not all over my face as not to waste it
as much as my wallet hates me for it, yes.
i wish this wasn't so expensive.
i didn't have high hopes as most primers work just fine to me
i didn't repurchase it because i wanted to try other primers
for the last month i was thinking my skin doesn't look so smooth
i never thought one time that maybe it's my primer
try a sample if your afraid to take the plunge
you get what you pay for
told me how much it would help hide
however i can't st
if you can't physically go
i think everyone should see how this would work for them
doesn't make me break out
it's not the miracle in a tube we sometimes expect from products
i recommend to everyone whether you use makeup or not
i didn't really notice it much
so does the la base
f you're not into strong smells you may want to skip this one
i did not give it 5 stars
not from a product where i had no say in the aroma
i rarely buy primers because i have never had luck with one
does what it says
seems to do what it promises.
does not change it
i tried it alone without any foundation
trust me when i say
you will not regret buying this product
i can't believe there are only 5 reviews for this product
yet light enough for my skin
doesn't break me out
the bottle doesn't last very long
it smells good and does not cause break outs.
this isn't for you
this does the trick
this moisturizer has yet to do that
which i usually do not love
this one does not make me break out at all.
i personally have not had any breakouts from this
trying it if you can
it doesn't last long
know it's not just my skin
if there's nothing else comes up.
that did not happen
it would probably work wonders
i probably would not repurchase for it didn't do what i hoped this mask would do for me
i didn't realize i spent 80 bucks on it
figure it's saving money when you think of it that way
i figured why not
you can't beat it being basically a 6 in 1 fix it mask
it never lets me down
i didn't want to love this $80 mask that every sephora employee was telling i had to buy
i honestly can't say enough about it.
it's never been an issue with this mask
i could not really tell a difference when i first tried this mask
t is hard to tell which one is doing what
so that is the only reason i give it 4 stars
it does everything that any other mask would do all in one
i hate to say it
you don't want your face to get too used to the same things
which i don't normally do
i can't even describe how good this was for my skin
i cannot recommend this enough.
i do know it hasn't changed my pore size
i want to use it everyday.
i would only recommend using this product if you have issues with your skin otherwise it may not be good for you
i can't get enough of it
i cant believe i had not tried it before.
i didn't see a big improvement in my skin
it didn't make it worse either
this mask does wonders for me
the instructions did not mention how often you should apply the product
just because a product works for one person don't get upset that it does not work for you
i've tried other masks that did not work for me too
all products are not going to work for you
how can anyone complain??
i really dislike when people act all drama just because something did not work for them
i cannot say anough good things about what i've tried from this br
you won't regret the investment!
never thought i'd find anything i like more
how they just look dirty regardless of how many things i do to my skin
i think that something so pricey is just a price tag
i've honestly forgot it was on my face sometimes
i can't believe how much i like this mask.
didn't experience any reaction
i did not notice as dramatic results as everyone else in these reviews has
given how difficult it is to find a product that actually does what it says it will
can't wait to see if product is 5 star worthy!!
bought the product because it does exactly what it says on the box
it's not a miracle product
i think the results
not one of them actually transformed my skin
this doesn't have that problem
couldn't wait to try this product
that's what i can live up to
this doesn't take long
it did not disappoint
hoping not to regret buying it because it's expensive
can't rave enough about the impact it's having on my skin
i didn't want to love this product because like other perricone products
there's really nothing more i can say that hasn't been said
if you're worried about the price
you will not regret
what can i say
as always perriconne did not failed
let me tell you!
i know it's not cheap
i wasn't sure about paying this much for a mask
it felt so good and i didn't want to take it off.
i couldn't believe how amazing this product is
doesn't feel right after having it on for the 10 min
i am not kidding when i say that it removed every single black head that i had in my t-zone area
telling my boyfriend that i was annoyed i couldn't get them out the way they do when you get a professional facial
i see why this product is 75$
i guess that's what you get if you want spf 30
this product does what it says it will do
all i can say is i that i hope they make this forever
it really doesn't get any better!
i couldn't wear it at all
i didn't have any of the problems i had before
does not break me out
does not cause me to breakout
but this one doesn't!
it has not helped it
i can honestly say that my skin has evened out
it doesn't break me out
my skin does not react to it badly
i actually had hoped i didn't fall in love with it
wouldn't want to keep buying it
can not live without it.
this one does not
i believe it'll stick with me
it didn't make me break out at all.
why some people might not like it
it does not make my skin break out
i do notice a bit of a difference.
all i can say is that it's a great daytime moisturizer that i don't want to be without again
this doesn't break me out
for a man who wasn't sure that he wanted to bother with moisturizer
don't get me wrong
it is unlike anything i've ever tried!
i don't know why there are bad reviews about this i freaking love this
can't live without this product
did not get rid of fine lines
it didn't make me break out.
not sure about this stuff's ability to deliver what it claims-- will give it a go
i cannot say enough good things about this product
there's almost nothing there to pick
you can use it alone
did not have any with this as well
this did not cause any problems with that
it's one of those deals where you notice the improvement
it's hard to pinpoint exactly what's it's doing
i must say this particular one really st
i think its probably safe to say that i love this stuff
do not need a lot
great as a base before concealer or can do alone if don't use too much
i did find that it likes to make foundation
let me warn you
do not take this on an airplane
so i have to scrape out what i can.
does everything he claims to do.
maybe i just read the packing wrong
that is why i love this product
this did the trick!
it really did the trick
i don't know that i see a huge difference
if you are expecting that this product alone will hide deep black cercles you are wrong
for now i'll spend the money because i can't find anything else as good
this does the job
can't go without this now!
you get what you pay for
i can't live without it
you don't need to use a lot to make an impact.
which is exactly what i want to avoid for my aging skin under the eyes
there is no cap or twist to close so you can't travel with it or put anywhere that something else might smash it bcz then it just squeezes out the product
that's my only complaint though.
make it your go to like i have
this product does the trick
cannot recommend this enough to anyone struggling with under eye circles
other than that it doesn't really need it
it's not a miracle worker
it does not set in fine lines!
for me it does everything that it claims
i am not going to knock a star off for something trivial like that
i do not regret the purchase at all
that's what i wanted
this does exactly what it says
or i use to little cause i am scared
not sure if it helps do anything since i am not really puffy
it does the trick.
if it works, cool... if not, no biggie.
i didn't really want it anyway.
i don't think i can live without this now
i don't want to be without it
for me it does the trick
this stuff does exactly what it says
i don't have to anymore because of this stuff
when i'm not going anywhere, this is great!
i hate my stupid dark circles - always had them!
i do not use the tip to smooth it on my undereyes
i don't like it enough for the price
eye duty does exactly what they say
definitely did not regret purchasing this item!
there isnt anything i dislike about this product.
it does exactly that
it does everything it says it will.
you don't need to use much
it doesn't make it completely go away
i cannot believe how smooth
no matter what moisturizer i follow with
this is a perfect mask, couldn't ask for more.
i don't have to wait 15-20 like other mask
what does that even mean?
i would say it's not worth it if you have dry skin like mine
i cant wait to get the full size is out of stock now you know why it is amazing
this i didn't have to
it also didn't have a harsh smell.
i recommend it to everyone
i can't say how much i look forward to smoothing it all over my face
it's so good that i stopped trying other products
for me that's not usually easy as i want to try everything
if you're debating whether to purchase or not
wow does this help
does anyone know how many uses you can get out of the jar?
i admit, i have not been a "mask" person.
i don't know what it is about this mask
no matter how tired i am
you do not need much to cover your whole face.
i can't believe how effective it is
for any skin type i think
i cannot speak for others
all i can say is that this mask has been a joy to use
do exactly what it claims
price is not an issue if you're getting what you pay for
you will be a ok
didn't even use foundation
'm not sure if it should be used that much if you do
it does what it says
i didn't notice much brightening
you don't need much to see the benefits
it's simply amazing and a true miracle worker.
've tried many masks that say they're going to do something
don't do much of anything
this is a mask i'm afraid to be without.
i can't do without it, love it!
not only did i notice
i can't say enough good things about this mask!
the reason why i don't use it everyday is because of its smell
i just don't like it
they didn't have it
not many cosmetics can do that
since i don't use this product alone i can't say whether the antioxidants are working
didn't know what was truly working
it wasn't red anymore.
i don't think this would be enough for someone with dryer skin
no wonder it's out of stock
i didn't realize how amazing this product is until i ran out
i actually use it alone
i don't know why more ppl aren't reviewing
i didn't realize you had to be so careful about sunlight when using this
it didn't break me out which i was worried about due to sensitive skin
you also don't need a lot of product
they don't live up to the hype
i did and it'sworth every penny.
not sure sephora carries it
make sure it's not sitting in water
that doesn't seem to matter performance wise
this cleanser was exactly what i needed
i would recommend it to anyone
i can't say anything about the cloth that comes with it
since i don't use it
this cleanser did not disappoint
it's just you put it on
this cleanser does exactly that
then use this because wasn't really sold on this as a cleanser alone
honestly i don't think i needed it
it's probably the actual instructions they give that make the difference that you could do with most cleansers
i didn't buy it for that
i used it exactly as the directions say to
know it's doing something
not when i use this mask
that's why i think it's one of the more effective masks that he offers
it just wasn't working
i don't have to use it every day anymore
this stuff does not irritate it at all
i didn't see the results i was hoping for
i don't want to say scrub
i must say i love this one
you don't need to use much each time
i just didn't think it did all that much for my skin
when i used this mask the first few times i really didn't think it was doing much
probably because i'm 23 so don't have aging issues
while i might not consider this a holy grail product i do enjoy it
because i thought i didnâ€™t want to put anything cold on my face
i let it sit for
i usually can't be bothered writing a review unless something really knocks my socks off
i didn't notice anything immediately other than my skin was very soft
i wouldn't recommend this
you barely need any
(at least i think that's what caused it!)
i don't go a night without it
can't necessarily speak for if it reduces lines or not
did i forget to mention it's amazing smell
it did not disappoint
i never remember to use masks.
as a mask, i didn't notice much.
it wasn't as big
i didn't expect that to happen
i like to use this not as a mask
if you want to splurge
it does everything it claims
i wasn't crazy about the price tag on this one
there is nothing like this
i couldn't resist trying this
f you think about it it's actually not too expensive at all
not harsh at all.
it's a great product that does exactly what it claims to do
what more do you want?
you should be using one anyway
you won't have problems
can never have enough.
was hesitant because some people said the product didn't smell right or didn't smell enough
there is nothing wrong with it
you don't have to use a lot to get results.
that doesn't usually happen.
just have not like anything else
it just wasn't doing the job
as anything else causes me to break out instantly
i don't have any lines to speak of exactly
which i could see happening
i tried this one on a whim because i really like roses
the other stuff would but this doesn't.
i cannot say enough good things about it.
i would not use this
i can't say i have seen reduction in wrinkles
was afraid this may be harsh
my only warning is do not use this around your eye area
i could not even wear my contact.
i swear i can see the difference when i get out of the shower
i love how it does treat my skin
just happened to find this
i hear the mask isn't ask great
but i do believe this is a keeper!
must say i'm in love with this wash
does exactly what it claims
don't need a product to do too many things for me
you won't regret it!!!
i just can't stick to something if it doesn't smell nice
if that doesn't bother you
it's not at all
first you must realize this is for those who want sheer coverage
i don't need a lot of coverage
not giving you a face that isnt you if that makes sense
please try it, you will see for yourself.
i would say i have fair hair
i personally don't need a lot of coverage.
the one i was using just wasn't working with my skin anymore
thought it wasn't doing much of anything for my skin at all
if you want full coverage, this is not for you.
if you want "your skin
i only gave 4 stars because it is pricey for what you get
even makeup artists ask me what i'm wearing
if i don't do anything else, i always wear this!!
nor does it make me look 'dewy'-
if i can see makeup on my face, i don't like it.
i can't believe how amazing this product has been for my skin
i can't live without this item!
i can't even bear to think what i'll do if they discontinue this
don't expect full coverage because the idea is to make it look like you're not actually wearing foundation
it may not be for you
so you can decide how full coverage you want it to be
you really do not need much product each use so the small bottle will last you a while
once it sets it looks like you aren't wearing anything
my friend actually thought i wasn't wearing anything
i don't understand it.
not enough coverage or strange colors
it doesn't look obvious
i don't even want to use any other foundation after trying this
you don't need much
don't get it if you have serious things to cover
figured i'll give it a try
that's what i want
you don't have to use much with this product
doesn't feel like anything on the face
i like the fact that i can't feel it on my face.
even though it doesn't provide full coverage i don't care
this one does everything it claims to do
this foundation doesn't make me look made up
it just simply does not match my skin tone
i don't really have any blemishes-- just left over
you name it i've tried it
my coworkers said they didn't notice
the result is exactly what i need
it does not cause me to break out which is nice
i know they say to apply with your h
you could not see any redness
it says it works for anyone
i cannot imagine how this could work for anyone with light skin
i really like this for days i don't want a full face
i would never use anything
i place the product on my face in the way the instructions tell you to do so
i don't get it.
i don't get it.
it gives just enough coverage.
i actually prefer to use my fingers first
it doesn't feel like you have foundation on
this is just what i needed
i really do not underst
did not irritate my skin
didn't really know much about it or it's purpose
women which i thought maybe this won't work for me
so you just have to try
i prefer to use the product at night even though it's advertised as a "wake up call"
i must say, it really does do what it claims to.
that really is not true
i wasn't so sure about this product at first
i didn't think such an oil existed
sooo why review if you haven't tried it?
it pills under makeup or basically anything else no matter what i do
you'll probably need to find something else
don't ask even i don't know where i dropped it
it didn't break me out
i don't know what they did to this stuff
you won't regret it!
i know 146$ may seem crazy for a face cream
while it did help with my redness it didn't do much in terms of moisture
i wouldnt have tried it had i not me at caudalie rep in store because i thought yikes
at first i was thinking that the 6 drops wasn't enough
did not notice any huge difference
i can't even tell you how amazing my skin feels after applying it
i like it though
it would be pleasnt for someone how can not tolerate strong smells
didn't cause break-outs like i initially feared it might
i couldn't believe it.
love this product and all that it claims to do.
then you never know the miracles hahaha
as you do not expose the product until you use it
but that's not a problem.
i cannot speak to the fine lines/wrinkles piece as i do not have either
i don't have bags under my eyes anymore.
the only reason that i'm not giving it 5 stars is that i can't evaluate yet how well it fights aging
i did not notice if it helped with bags
that's all i expect
i wanted something that wasn't greasy
i can't explain why
i don't really have any undereye concerns since i'm only in my twenties
not sure i can see much change in my dark circles
wasn't ever thinking about using an eye cream
i however did not read that
it did nothing for my fine lines
it does not say it is for fine lines
so even if you don't have a 'dry' under eye area
i cannot imagine not using it everyday
can't speak from that point of view
i didn't expect much from this eye cream.
thats not a huge inconvenience
you won't regret it!
however, i do love it.
some did nothing at all
you need to know how to use it
if you try this product or have tried it
see if you notice a difference
i also didn't notice a huge difference after i was done with the product
it wasn't a waste of money
i found what i wanted
i wish it did more besides hydrating.
decided to give this one a try to see what the hype is about
didn't really notice a huge difference
not this one though!
i can't recommend it enough.
no need to use anything
but not sure about the effects.
don't have any wrinkle issues yet
it does the job
i really didn't notice any positive results for about 3 months
hey, i'm 48 years old, if anyone needs it, i do!
didn't love so much
this does the job
i am not sure about it actually changing anything
so even if you forget to apply it at night
this probably isn't isn't the product for you
the only negative thing i can say about this product is how sad i am when i get to the bottom of the jar :
i can't say enough good things about this eye cream
before applying makeup because i did notice when i didn't do that
didn't make a difference in fine lines
which might bother some
doesn't cause me to break out
i don't know what i did without it!
it does actually work
because nothing i've done has had any effect on them
you really need to follow the instructions
i never tried those product
not just the nose
i think i put it on wrong
you name it, we have tried it.
i couldn't believe how clear my skin looked afterwards
it pulled out gunk that i didn't even know was there
i just can't bring myself to do that
i didn't have any irritation afterwords
he sheepishly asked me if we could do face masks
im not sure how these got some bad reviews.
bought this product thinking it was not gonna work at all
does the job time
this didn't cause any irritation
this product does what it says.
i don't know why you would expect them to especially if you have only tried it once
no, but like i said it does what it claims to do.
even not i expected because it's only pull out some
worked exactly like it was supposed to.
if you are scared about buying this
i can't believe this doesn't have better reviews.
i figured i'd give it a try
they didn't do anything
literally nothing would come out
it doesn't get them all out
this product worked so well i just can't believe it
i gave this 4 stars because it didn't remove all of them
this product does exactly what it promises to do-remove black heads
none do the trick
that's what you want
it wasn't even that good of a review
see how it works for you
i wish it wasn't so expensive.
they have never done anything for me
if you're trying to decide which to go with
i do like these
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it didn't make sense to just keep the set if i was only going to use just one cream
the night cream doesn't do anything for me -- i had better experience with korres products
i cant afford this every time
i can't stop thinking about it
since only samples i couldn't really tell if it did much of anything
i don't know if i am qualified to give this product a review because all i have tried is a small sample of this stuff
that isn't really a complaint
i would recommend this to anyone.
probably other stuff i can't think of right now
the price isn't even crazy for what you get.
i mean you get night
they don't have these results
i think i actually haveâ€¦
don't let the price fool you.
before you buy you can have someone in the store show you how to use
even if you think
i did not have a problem with either of them stinging
i love the fact that the day cream not only has spf
no matter how careful i am
doesn't make it run
i am not sure what people are talking about in regards to the smell
i did not feel an immediate difference in my skin
yes it does have a bit of a burn at first
i don't really know what it does
i don't even know what it does or how it works
i didn't see any actual oil
we honestly couldn't smell a thing so no complaints there
i can honestly say this is the best one for me.
to me as long as it does it's job i have no problem
i honestly didn't even notice the smell there's no smell to me
most people complain about the smell however i don't find it overwhelming
i don't know why so many people are complaining about the smell
i must say that i'm really surprised at how long this has lasted me
at first i didn't see much of a difference it didn't make my skin feel any different by the 4th time i used it my skin was loving it the only thing is that it only has about 5 applications
doesn't mean i haven't had better ones either
i didn't expect to like this mask so much.
maybe not if you have sensitive skin
the only thing i wasn't fond of was the smell.
is that supposed to happen?
for those who didn't have a good experience with the supermud
it truly does wonders.
while this one doesn't at all
i would purchase again for sure however i'm not sure if i would recommend this to someone who doesn't wear makeup
didn't do much else
i started off buying the smaller version of this because i didn't know if it would work well on my skin or not
i didn't know that at first
it didn't bother me
i didn't really notice a difference in my skin
i did not know love until i met powermud
i would honestly probably use this every single day if it weren't quite so expensy
i dont want to pay $70 for a jar of something i dont even know if i like
am not sure if it was that
i guess i wlll keep using the travel size
i didn't have any burning this time
only for a minute or less then you wont feel anything
it does burn a little, but it's not terrible.
i did not experience the burning sensation that others did
only sad i didn't buy the bigger version
if you face hurts dont use so much!!
so not for everyone
if you want to know
this stuff will do it
i would recommend to anyone.
i didn't see the instructions clearly labelled on the small container-just to avoid eyes
i recommend it to everyone
if you wonder about the product
not sure why the bad reviews there
i didn't use it right away
nothing in this one bothers my skin
i don't know if the texture would be good for that anyway
not testing anymore products for a while
thought i would try this
don't know yet if it has lifting affects.
it didn't happen overnight
3 is enough for my face
exactly as it claims
ok let me be clear
that's what this is
but this serum does exactly what it portends.
i don't know why this isn't more buzzed about because i love it
i don't get headaches anymore
on for about 3 months- not loving that i wasn't seeing the results that the website promised
that's exactly what it did for me
this does not bother me at all
there hasnt been a product in the line i dont like
sampling it any time i could find it wasn't good enough
it's too early to be 100% sure if it works.
you do not realize how much it's working till you stop ising it for a month
i don't use this every night
you know what that's not a bad thing
you never look it
it wasn't anything too dramatic
i didn't see much difference.
i dont look 32 anymore.
can't fathom being without it
i am not sure if it does any help at all for wrinkles
i don't think it does good on hydration either.
you want this product
i can't recommend this any more.
it's amazing i use it on nights that i know i may not get enough sleep
decided to give it a try as the products i was using just weren't working
i never believe anything can really work a miracle
when i use this it's gone
it isn't a problem if used before going to sleep
but with this product that isn't even an issue.
they didn't agree my skin as well as this product
i am not sure how this product got some of the bad reviews that it did
i just wanted to make a note to everyone saying this product didn't work well under makeup
just not with my makeup
there is not much one can do about it
which means i do not get the right amount of sleep
both are amazing and do exactly what they claim.
i see a few reviews here that say this product is too 'gooey' or 'sticky'
doesn't bother me since i sleep right away
you can't go wrong with this.
i never want to be without this stuff.
had to write a review because now i have to buy this i don't know exactly how they do it
'd say the price is right for how much product you get in the jar
with that being said i trust it's ability more
if you don't mind it
it didn't bother me too much
i can't say enough about this product.
that's the only thing i didn't like about this
i didn't give it 5 stars because i don't think it will be life changing for everyone
i didn't mind it considering how soft
i don't want to be without this stuff.
that means it's working!
i wondered if this mask would help with it
let me tell you
why this was happening
but besides that a+ from me.
you don't need to use that much to cover your whole face
if you're thinking of trying this mask
you do not need to scrub much.
i don't know how to spell
you know what i mean
i don't know if i've been using the wrong masks all my life
i can see a change in my skin
the only bad thing
miracle mask just like the other reviews say.
thought that it wasn't bad at all
i like that it's not 'rice' or 'plastic beads' which aren't good for me at all
not only does this mask smell amazing
this mask did not break me out
the reason this gets 5 stars from me is because it actually does what it says it does
though i have not gotten around to trying all the masks
which probably explains why i never got to the rest
i can't live without it.
that i somehow convinced my husb
i didn't really know what it was
wanna see a difference in before & after?
decided it would be a pampering item even if it did nothing for my skin
i can't say how much i love it!
if you've never used this one
to some who say it's a lot for what you get
it's actually a good deal.
it doesn't break me out
didn't even feel it
got this because i cant have the pie i want
as everyone else has said it does sting while you have it on
let me tell you
i couldn't ask for more!!
this didn't bother it one bit
if you're a mask junkie like me this is something you must try out
it should do the trick
i think anyone can h
looks fanatics if after i do this
because if it did not live up to my expectations i would not be out such a large chunk of change for a mask
but... people, the hype is real.
i don't know why
that's how much i love it
this does wonders for it
i honestly have no idea what some people are referring to when they say tingling/burning
you seriously don't have to leave it on longer
didn't hesitate to look at his other mask when i needed something to help get rid of that pesky top layer that was keeping my products from really doing their job
this mask does exactly what it says it will do
i know what to expect now
i seriously wanted to eat it.
i honestly can't say enough good things about this
f you have sensitive skin i would try a sample of it first before you buy it so you can see how it will effect you
it didn't sting me
i didn't find it off putting
i didn't notice any drastic changes as some people have mentioned on here after one use
i realized that's how the product works
i must honestly say most of the are just ok
i didn't use very much for treating my face
this does not irritate it at all
i don't know what i ever did without it
i can honestly see
i am not sure how it will work on dark spots
is not dull anymore
if your not used to a mask like this it can be a bit overwhelming
his products do not disappoint!
this one is the stuff of miracles
maybe learn about the product before you buy it
i just can't say enough great things.
for everything it does
needless to say that was enough for 3-4 more uses
was honestly prepared to dislike it
further, i love that it's not crazy expensive.
i didn't find that at all
went back to algenist because it's simply the best
and let me tell this product is.
not sure why some other people said this dried their skin out
even my boyfriend could tell the difference
he barely notices anything like this
i would give it a 5 if it weren't so drying.
i've never tried anything like it before
this does none of that!
i probably would not have picked out this cleanser myself had i not received it in gratis
this cleanser does everything you want it to do!
i would not use this mornign
when i do use this
i do like this.
some of the girls were kind of mean
i don't use it every
does exactly what it claims
i want the real thing if i'm going to pay this much
if you can't afford all of that
seriously this does miracle or at least it did so on my skin
i just have to say
i don't get that
i do know the feeling on my skin is that close to what a primer would do
the smell isn't as bad as everyone is saying
now that i know what it does i don't even smell it anymore
bothered me like what most people have mentioned
it helped me not be bothered by it as much
sephora sadly doesn't carry yet
can't think of a reason i will ever switch from using this product
no wonder they call it divine cream because it truly is
it didn't even feel like my skin after i applied it
had no idea what would help
really didn't want to like it
i didn't think i needed the moisture
i personally don't think it's overwhelming
i honestly don't think i can live without it!
i can't live without it.
first, let me say i love this product.
if i haven't applied it
what is not to love about this cream.
i can't believe how much i've changed my mind
seriously nothing like it
can't really judge it on long term affects
only thing i personally didn't like was the scent
wonder if this product actually works
it does deliver exactly what it claims.
when you do notice
i decided to see what all the fuss was about
i couldn't find it
wish it wasn't so pricey though.
this actually does do what it says
people have been telling me i am glowing since started to use it --- it's pricey
i love this stuff, can't live without it!
let me tell you i don't regret it this serum is amazing i used it at night most of the time
i wasn't aware of this little holy grail
clinique did something right with this formula!
you don't even need a full pump of this stuff
does not cause me to break out
i didn't realize we'd come this far.
i dont know if i should really compare the two for their benefits
i can say that i was not getting the wow factor like i do when i apply this
hope to see results that i couldn't see using that
it doesn't hidrates my face at all
i can't imagine what this will do as i continue to use it for the rest of my life
i've noticed if you aren't consistent with applying it twice a day it doesn't work as well
this is a want not a need
wish i could rub it all over my body
it is not a cure all
i am not kidding when i say the small little sample lasted me 2-3 months
i didn't notice any scent at all either so that's a plus
i know it was not created to do so but it has.
i don't have wrinkles yet so nothing has changed there
my only issue with this item is that it did not seem to sit well under my make up
it didn't break me out so that's always a plus
i can tell it is making a difference
because it does work
just not as an instant miracle
doesn't make me break out which is a huge plus
not sure what people are complaining about a smell
it also doesn't clear it up either
immediately after trying it i added it to my sephora cart because it's so good
this one does the job
i do not need to even wear foundation
i didn't notice a difference
i didn't realize how much i loved it until i ran out
can't fathom the complaints about smell.
i don't notice at all.
it has does wonders to my face
i didn't notice any wrinkle benefits
even my friends have asked me what i'm using
i don't know how
but no worries here.
not sure i buy into all the hype of what it's supposed to do
it did nothing at all for my fine lines
i am not kidding
i couldn't figure out why until i decided to stop using the serum
it does what it says
nothing has ever did
4/5 because it didn't do a whole lot of goodness for my skin
does not cause me to break out on my face
did not get any breakouts while on it
after starting to use this product i can't even believe the difference i have seen in my skin
leave dark scars no matter what i did
can't say how it works for wrinkles
don't know about all the claims
i don't expect miracles
although wrinkles have not hit me yet
if you don't want to wash
and it does not burn my eyes.
not only to get everything off
using my second cleanser alone does not do the same job
does exactly what it says it does
this didn't break me out
not because i had tried any bobbi brown product before
let me tell you
maybe i'm not using enough?
which is like what
i also like how this product has few ingredients that we could really pronounce
i wish i could give this 4.5 stars.
agree with the others that if you get this in your eye
i don't know if my eyes are just sensitive or what
it seems like it's doing the job
i never see it do anything
i can't even really describe it
does not do anything for my dark circles
that's never happened before
i do not think my eyes were deceiving me
would not know if this would cream would be effective
yes it does immediately brighten
said i should get a different cream since she didn't know much abt this product
t no longer bothers me
this didn't give me immediate results
i think it's working
whether it does everything it says
or what i want to believe it will do
although it doesn't seem like you get much
i actually meant to buy the night cream
i wasn't sure at first how i'd like the scent
check it out if you want
its not intended for the eye area anyway
i really needed a moisturizer that didn't add to that
which is ok because it does everything else right
there were a couple people who couldn't believe i was old enough
i cannot describe it but i like it a lot!
you can't beat the price point either.
i can't say i'm crazy about it
'm not giving up just yet
another bonus: you don't need much product to cover your whole face
it does not make my skin break out
i wouldn't start with this
if you are like me
find what works for you
i just can't believe how it seems to plump up my face
he did say it burned a bit
i didn't think my skin was dull before
you really don't need to use much
i love it can't say that enough
thought to buy and use to see if it works or not.
i don't know what ingredients they put in this
i know you're not supposed to use it every day
the smell didn't bother me much.
in ren's defense, it's not really their fault.
so having tried it once i can't speak to the long term effects
this did not irritate me in the least
i did not find it hydrating as others mentioned-
it did not burn on my skin at all.
i am in utter shock at how well this product works
you won't regret it.
i really didn't think one minute was long enough for a product to have any affect
i too couldn't stop looking in the mirror
i love that you can use this as often as you like
and i don't think it has a bad smell at all.
wanted an easy fix- this is it
the smell didn't bother me at all.
i did not smell anything
if i hadn't tried this myself i would never have believed the claim
didn't think that the line could get any better
love it--even if you are not a ren user this is surely something you should try
i can see this working wonders for anyone with burning
didn't use it until yesterday
does exactly what it says it will do
it doesn't take much product
this product is not for you
i cannot be without it!!
no no and just no.
i can't believe how good of a primer this is
i couldn't believe it
you won't regret it
decided to try it for funsies
i can't be sure because i don't have any major skin problems
it it didn't cause any reactions
sometimes i think if i don't have problem skin
a product keeps it that way its not a bad one
was worries about how it would react
i never knew there was so much i had to do in terms of taking care of my skin
it did not irritate my skin
i couldn't believe the difference it made
i can't even begin to imagine the results i'll get
at first i didn't think much of it than it was just a simple primer or lotion
i just use things that do their job
if you can afford it, definitely buy it!!
i can't live without it.
thinking it was a waste of money
now, it's not like that anymore.
it did wonders ladies.
i' be tried it and can't live without now.
needless to say it is amazing!
definitely recommend to anyone who wants a more even
it started to not work anymore
i am not lying when i say my skin has never been better
i didn't see much results
i hope others who arent satisfied with this to know how to use it correctly
this is not a serum so you can't expect any improvement with only this
that's what i know about ultimune.
it's not going to work overnight
at age 66 i can't expect miracles
this didn't break me out
shiseido can do no wrong as long as you get the right products for your skin type
wouldn't have tried this otherwise.
thought i would never use it or like it
however, i know some folks might need it.
guess if you live somewhere hot
i guess it was not the "beauty grail" i was expecting
i think this is my next "can't live without" shiseido product
i do not know if i can live without this serum prep
i guess it's neither
this one sure seems to do the trick
i don't know for sure
i don't know what it is about this product
it did not fix my dark circles
just one pump is enough
initially i didn't think it did much
i feel like if i weren't careful i could use it up within two weeks
does exactly what it says it does
i don't even need to wear makeup anymore!
if your struggling with redness that just won't go away try this trust me you won't regret it
try it, you won't regret it.
it may not be for everyone
it does make a difference
i can't really say enough good things about it.
not breaking people out
this doesn't bother me
it's the only thing that works
i would recommend not using anything
only downfall is it's really small
other people have commented that they don't like the smell
let me tell you, it's a miracle worker.
i cannot say enough about what a difference this mask has made on my skin
nothing else i own
it really doesn't bother me whatsoever
i recommend it to everyone
i believe this is just what it needs
i know it's not meant to be used as an over night mask
this mask does what it says!!!
i see why it's sold out so often
only on days i am not wearing makeup because i don't think makeup would stay put with this underneath
you won't regret it
i would say that 3/4 of the mask actually sinks into the skin
amazing is all i can say
i would recommend it to anyone
i can tell the results
i got a sample of this that i didn't use for a really long time
i gotta say i wasn't really expecting to like this cleanser as much as i do
does not leave any residue on my face at all
can honestly say that i love it
i see a lot of comments where people did not like this
it does not feel like the "film" is there anymore
you do not have to let it sit all night or for a long time
if you think about it
this product was recommended to me because it's not harsh
this stuff is legit
how do i know?
voila it removes everything so now i know how to properly use it i love it
i wanted to find something that wasn't as expensive as this one
i can't find anything else that works as well
plus, it didn't burn my eyes like so many do!
i know it is because of this product
that's only if i don't have any face makeup on
i may be imagining this
i probably wouldn't of looked at this cleanser before if it wasn't in the sephora favourites kit
its does exactly what it says it does
i've never experienced anything like it before.
so for the naysayers
maybe you just needed to do a bit of trial
it does just that
so far it's ok
not sure it's a holy grail yet
i will never use anything else!
it does not burn my eyes
what can i say...i love this cleanser!
it does literally everything it says it does.
i know some reveiwers have said the opposite
why spend money on high-end products that didn't seem to work
at first i wasn't too sure about this product
i can't say enough good things about this cleanser
so of course it is not going to foam
my skin is not tender anymore
it's doing exactly what i was told it would do
kept giving them away because i didn't care for the smell nor the consistency
i didn't like the price of their products
decided to try them anyways
i still dont use it around my eyes
whether or not i use it with my clarisonic
make no mistake- it's doing it's job
i wasn't sure about this cleanser at first
this didn't do anything for my dark circles
i can't say enough about this product.
it didn't irritate my skin at all or break me out
i didn't expect much as with all eye creams
i've never found them to really do much of anything
didn't help dark circles
i could not resist
nor does it have fragrance
being that this product is not exactly cheap
even tho it's on the pricey side i did not expect a miracle
i did not have crazy wrinkles
i don't have those lines anymore
:phope it works just as well for ya if you decide to buy it
they dont work like this one does
have not found anything
i cannot say enough about this amazing product
haven't done that yet
not only did it not burn or irritate my already irritated skin
i cannot praise it enough!!
this does not irritate my skin or break me out
won't really seem to do much of anything the first couple of uses
sure enough it was a god send for my face
that's enough for my face
i don't know if i got a bad bottle
it does exactly what it advertises.
it can't be beat
what they're saying is true
it's lasted me forever as well.
so can't comment on that
now i will say this does not get 100% of my makeup off
i am a big fan of ole henriksen products because they do what they say they will do
this stuff is the truth.
c. so i would never use this to remove makeup.
i couldn't believe how quickly
there was always something whether i had to use to cleansers to get off my eye makeup or it didn't take my makeup off at all
i won't use anything else.
what can i say?
if you want a quick
why you would think of it as a residue
you don't need a lot of product at all
i can not stress enough what a game changer this product has been
i never want to be without this product.
as i said i can overlook these two things
i cannot get enough of it
for those who have purchased it know doesn't come off easily
then realized i was being silly
don't find it to be a problem
i used it wrong
this product does not cause any breakouts
it seems like most people didn't follow directions
i can't believe i haven't been using this!
i didn't feel that at all
i would warn not to put so much because you might feel oily afterwards
i actually didn't believe it was possible
i didn't like the way my face felt afterwards
i honestly wish this got more love because i never hear anyone talk about it
does exactly what the description says
i really didn't think i'd be into this product
i recommend it to everyone
don't know if i should slap someone though since this one set the bar
i can see where some would say 'oily'
i couldn't tell if it was in fact removing my makeup
i decided to give it a try anyway
needless to say i will definitely purchase this.
i don't know why i haven't reviewed it yet
do some research about it or talk to a dermatologist it/they will tell you that it can't penetrate the skin
what it does do is sit on top of the skin
they've all promised to not bother my skin
f that doesn't bother you this is worth a try
see if maybe there was something similar
i can't say enough positive things
give it time to do its thing
it does exactly what it promotes
to be honest i wasn't even looking to try this product
this cream has done exactly what i wanted it to.
i did not have any sensitivity.
after a few times i did not experience the burning anymore
so that's not a surprise
it's definitely not an all star fix-it -all-
you don't need much either
i wouldn't say it's immediate
it takes a habit to make a difference so no i didn't see instant change in 2 weeks like what is advertised
it does the same thing everytime
this product doesn't seem to make it worse
it hasn't done anything for it
you wouldn't guess it
if you aren't seeing the results you want just keep using it every morning
you will see a difference
i can tell when i don't have it on
didn't know how this was going to work for me
i don't know how good this product would be on its own
as i do not have any
i did have laugh lines
i don't know how i ever managed
liked the product still didn't see something wrong went on my skin yet
did not notice how strong
it doesn't break me out
i do find it requires more product than they say you are suppose to use for a result
can't live without this product!
does the job like nothing else i've tried
i wouldn't use this all over the face
doesn't break me out
this is not a moisturizer and neither is the ovm.
one thing to note when buying perricone is you're not only paying for the name
it's not chump change
i cannot stress enough as to how amazing this product is
see what it can do for you
all i have to say ladies
what can i say, another hit for perricone.
if you're on the fence - try it!
i would definitely recommend to anyone
if you don't want to take the plunge right away
try it out, you won't regret it!
didn't cause any breakouts
not bad enough for me to return
there are a couple things that i don't mind about it
might not be for everyone
this mask does not
i would recommend to everyone
wasn't sure how i would like this mask/moisturizer
break me out or don't work
doesn't break me out
why do i ever stray??
this did not give me breakouts
hate how in the a
don't think about it, just buy it!!!
not only does it smell amazing
this product did neither
doesn't break me out.
it works really even in just 15-20 minutes if you don't have time to do it for longer
i did not continue using it.
that doesn't seem so fair since it's my own skins reaction to it
how many products can you say that about
it does not create break outs
this mask does exactly what it says it will
didn't break me out at all.
most importantly it didn't make me break out either
i didn't break out at all from this product.
the reason why i give it 4 stars instead of the 5 is because i find that it wasn't as hydrating as i would expect it to be
i wish i could give it a 4
5 just because didn't notice any differences as far as hydration goes
i've come to accept that no matter the skin type you need to hydrate
it is not quite holy grail status for me
i don't think i've ever given any product 5 stars before
what more could you ask for?
i truly think this is one of those products that will work for anyone
gotta say it does what it says it does
patchy no matter what i used or did
i cannot say enough good things about this product
doesn't break me out
if i had to make any sort of complaint
i didn't like it as much
this product is exactly that
try it out you won't be sorry
don't have to worry about forgetting to take it off
wont do winter without it.
this hasn't done a thing
this does not leave me with breakouts of any kind
this has honestly become a ride or die for me
this product didn't give me any harsh reactions
if you've ever tried it
i wasn't willing to switch over to liquid foundation because it feels disgusting
i didn't break out at all
i can't rave about it enough!
it's weird cuz it never fully sinks in
nothing i can't get over
i wouldn't change a thing
i think it's been about 6 days now.
i don't mind it
they either didn't moisturizer enough or made me break out
not sure what that was
i just wasn't taking care of my face
i know there are those it doesn't work for
cuz you never know
it might be just the thing that will do the trick
i personally use it morning
i never thought i would have such amazing results with a simple mask
i truly don't know how anyone could give this less than 5 stars
the smell i'm not a fan of
most stores don't carry them anymore
i think i just need to use something that's specifically for post-acne red marks
many people don't see results right away
i can't say enough great things about this product
it also doesn't make me break out like other products do
not the damage that's been there a long time--will have to see a dermatologist for those
it didn't break me out either
it did not break me out however it did not do anything to lighten my scars or hyperpigmentation
it seems to be doing it's job
--maybe that's a result of it doing it's job?
i only apply a little because otherwise it does not absorb
i would say my skin is normal
this is one of the products that you can't pin point exactly what's good about it
i asked what it was
thought cute i'd just use this until it's done
was afraid this would be too harsh
it wasn't in my local sephora anymore
it didn't remove all of my make up
definitely recommend it for someone who doesn't mind the extra step
don't sleep on this because you'll be sorry you did
was exactly what i expected from the br
so anything that can remove everything in one go really does it for me
scent that i didn't like at first
i like using this morning or night under everything else
i can't say what it is doing for me.
but somehow i like it.
too soon to tell what else it is doing
i couldn't believe it!
it is not at all
does not irritate it at all
have to use something else to remove eye makeup that's he only downfall
not only does it remove all my makeup every time
i don't use it at night
can't speak as to whether or not it takes off makeup well
makes me want to try others.
i recommend for all skin types honestly.
now it's the only #1 for me
i like that i'm not dropping alot of money to do so
now i know it doesn't take off eye makeup
this cleanser clearly states not to use around eyes so there you go
doesn't break me out
besides that it does what it says.
not anymore red than it normally is
i hate that it's not in store :
don't tell estee, but i'm cheating on her.
that doesn't work as well as it should for that either
this is definitely one that i would say you can't pass up
all i can say is that it's amazing
sephora please do not ever stop making this!
i can tell this product works.
it does what it says it does
all i can say is this serum says what it's going to do
i truly loved this product it did exactly what it said it would
there's not many uses in it for the cost.
honestly the price is what makes me give it 4
i would suggest them to anyone
figured that since this product doesn't have many ratings
t was a relief when i found out that this product doesn't have a scent
i can't say enough good things about about skin inc
it didn't do a lot to help around my eye area
didn't think it did anything for my face to justify the price
let me tell you
well happily i can tell you that this stuff works
lets be honest if i can find something that fights aging
doesn't break me out then i can justify it
it did not irritate or break me out
it does miracles in winter
it doesn't look more clear
it did not break me out
i wasn't even expecting for it to work for that area
if you don't care about the price then buy it!
if you don't have much of a budget
you do need to do it for about a week
granted it's not for everyone
i find it does work for me
i don't need to do it everyday anymore
because i buy that stuff anyways.
am debating if i should buy it or not
not sure if i would pay that much
it's not a practicle investment for me
i didn't have the bags under my eyes
not in my opinion.
this one does what it says
the only thing is i can't see myself paying $75 for this product
i don't know what it is but i'm hooked.
so you can imagine my dilemma
t isn't messy to sleep in if anyone was wondering
not extra special over anything else
for some reason when i ordered this online i didn't realize it was a gel
this acutally makes them shrink.
did not have that problem
i don't think you need to use this everyday
i didn't break out at all
i seriously couldn't believe my eyes.
i guess you get what you pay for!
cant imagine my life now without this.
not knowing that you can actually buy 2 serums
do your skin a favor and say yes to at least one!
i can't go a day without using
i wouldn't give it 5 stars
it does do its job though
i applied it in the way they show to do so
i didn't personally notice a difference
i really only picked it cause there weren't any samples that i was interested in
i figured what the heck, give it a shot.
i am going to keeo using it because it does work
i don't know how they did it
wow i could see the results
when i first tried it i honestly didn't see any difference
t was hard for me to tell any difference
i'd give it 5 stars if it didn't cost so much.
this product does what it says
it does work or me
my skin didn't react to it.
this did not go over it very well
all of that being said, i did like it.
so i'd recommend it to anyone!
what can i say!
otherwise i may not have tried it
i cannot go without it!
this stuff does everything it claims to do.
while this didn't completely fill them in
cannot say from experience yet
i saw someone say try it as a primer
don't know about the rest of the face
i honestly didn't have high hopes
can't live without it now!
does exactly what it promises to do
decided to try it anyway
even though i dont have these issues
it doesn't take forever to apply like some oils or what not
normally, i do not get wow'd by many products.
i dont have many issues
i just see an automatic "lift" i guess you could say
especially if you dont use this every day
this did exactly what it says.
i didn't notice anything amazing with it
thought maybe i wasn't using enough
i wasnt sure what to make of it
i cant be without now!
might not be for everyone, but for me its fab
this product does what it promises
i am over 65 and this is just what i need.
my only wish is that it wasn't so expensive
i would recommend it to all my friends
what i like about this product is
it does make a difference
this seems to right the wrong !!
it does not disappoint!
i cannot wait to see what my skin looks like over time
i feel like it does exactly what it says it will do
this product does exactly as is states
one of the few that does exactly what it says.
make up does not budge!
if you're like me
'm not sure if it's giving that much benefit
anyway i do like this balm.
i never have any issues
like if i forgot to use it
you would think that all of these facts would combine to give me dry
if you don't have a budget
this does not cause any irritation
please never stop making this!
i think it was meant to be
this does wonders for me
this isn't for you
i wish i would've found it sooner
it doesn't seem to be promoted
it doesn't really have any leffect on my complexion one way or the other
there's nothing i can say negative about this product as it's is pure perfection to me
i always have dry skin no matter what i do
and did not break me out.
cant recommend it enough.
i don't see how anyone could call this non-greasy
jart+ which i actually love
no miracles happened, unfortunately.
did not weigh my skin down
felt they had not made a difference
f it has not worked for you so far
did not break me out
i can't say enough great things about this serum.
though i don't have acne anymore
though i know i haven't seen the long term difference yet
exactly what i need.
it does not leave cast where i have applied it
also, did not break me out.
it doesn't break me out which is major!
this product does what it says it does.
this is like my 5th review ever so you know i don't waste my time here for nothing
i can't even put into words.
it does exactly what it says it does.
really hope clarisonic doesn't discontinue this like they tend to do with their products :-
or if we're taking off makeup to try something else
i want to be sure there's nothing left
i can't say enough good things
it does exactly what it claims
it did not leave any residues
hardly use any product
since it's not such a necessity to have
it does not irritate it
i can't imagine being without it.
i never thought that something that appears to be
you don't need much.
at first i didn't really think it was doing anything
i didn't give the micro water too much thought
it didn't irritate my eyes much
it doesn't take a ton of product to do it
can't live without it now
i don't necessarily want to start my cleansing
cannot recommend it enough
so the purchase price didn't bother me
you don't need to use a lot
buy this, you won't regret it!
this has never broken me out or caused any sort of reaction
i didn't realize how much was still left on my skin even after i cleansed
i seriously cannot live without this.
when i saw the name of this product i thought it was ridiculous
nothing else showed anything
maybe the people are confused
no matter what i've tried
it never leaves anything behind
i didn't realize how much dead skin
if i could bathe with this, believe me - i would.
i didn't believe the representative when she said that it helps to even your skin tone
it didn't leave me feeling greasy afterwards
it didn't want to come off.
this product not only does not irritate my skin
you do not need to wash it off
i wasn't sure what to expect
i do like this product
does not make me break out
as my face just wouldn't feel clean enough if this was all i ever used
i wasn't expecting much
but don't be fooled - it works!
not enough to be a deal breaker
i find im getting fine lines not wrickles yet where my smile lines are
this is nothing short of a miracle for me.
i wish it wouldn't have because i would have loved to have kept it
i wanted to hate this cream so bad because of its price point
trust me, you wont regret this purchase.
i didn't know how i'd feel about this mask
didn't give it a 5 because of the jar
can't wait to see how my skin can improve in the long term
let me tell you
when i forget to use this product
i really can't afford not to have this product on h
take the plunge and try it, you won't be sorry.
you will either love a product or not see any difference
i cannot recommend this product enough!
it's lasting forever because you get so much out of it
which made me worry that i'd break out
i wanted to fall in love with this mask- alas it's not love
i do like it to an extent
see what i did there
it is hard to describe what it does to my skin
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is that i don't use it quite often
which is always surprising cause i forget it's on my face
i guess because the product is supposed to firm your skin
it delivers exactly what it says.
just a warning-- it does first feel as if it is greasy
my skin did not react to this product
at first i did not like how it felt
you do not need much at all to cover your entire face
figured i would give it a try
you really don't notice it on your face
if you want to splurge on something that has instant results
i love this product and it has yet to disappoint.
doesn't break me out
let me just say it has lasted me along time
i guess it will help me in the long run because i will say that this a super heavy moisturizer
if it doesn't show results quickly
which did not cause any breakouts
this might not be for you
i can't say that i noticed any firming
i'd probably need to use it longer to say for certain
it does exactly what it says.
was not let down
they labeled it a mask because they wanted you to use it at night only
i think it's prevented my break outs
you just have to know your skin type.
i could not believe my eyes.
what i like most about this is that you put it on
but it didn't at all!
:-) anyway, about the cream, it really does work.
this means it's great if you sleep alone or don't care what you look like to your partner
believe me it's not a good look
i honestly do not like the way i look without my makeup on
see how it goes
so yes, i would carry on using it, it does work.
i wan't expecting to see anything right away
i feel like maybe people who didn't see noticable results didn't have very deep lines
but i have to say this stuff works for me!
even though i love this product
well it's does not really cover up laugh lines
the only lines that haven't all
most people laugh when i tell them i have wrinkles because they don't believe me
is not a miracle product, but it kinda works.
but this one did not do that at all.
i literally have no wrinkles there anymore
wasn't expecting much based on the gimick-y name
don't know how this st
i don't know if that is the difference or if this product just didn't mesh well with their skin type/needs
did not see 1 result as advertised
i can tell you that i immediately noticed a difference under my eyes
it didn't make them go away exactly it just plumped up the skin
probably doesn't do what it says
i know what i like
if it's not broke, don't fix it!
then duh of course you won't see results
how do you even give it a chance ahah.
it cant hurt to try.
if you think you dont need this product
or should i say couldn't
2 intentions if i really force them above my eyebrows
i should say that i wash my face morning
still get asked for id everywhere i go
put simply, it works.
don't have wrinkles so can't say i noticed a difference in that
tried it out anyway
i don't know why it works for me
not at all for others
all i can say is wow!!!
this does work but don't expect magic!
did everything it said it would
see the lines anymore
i realize that it's not cheap either
you can tell they exist
i don't expect them to ever get the really deep ones
when i don't put it on
never used it because i didnt think i needed it
i wonder whether they use it correctly
i can't believe how fast it worked
after only a week i can honestly say it's well worth it
it does work if you use it religiously
t has not been a problem
the rep explained a couple things that the product instructions did not
nothing else like it right now
it's not that big of a deal
do not regret it
i actually like the pump
do not have a problem with it
i can actually tell a major difference when i skin this
which could bother some people
which is basically like saying i only tortured the bunny cause china told me to
this is the only thing that works
i didn't even have to wear makeup.
i cannot believe that this is really my skin
so i did and i use it with my clarisonic.
i didn't mind it that much cause you'd ultimately end up getting the product you just had to do a couple more pumps to get you there
did wonders for my skin
the reason i didn't give it five stars is that it is really messy
it doesn't break you out
i decided to try using this cleanser because i really had nothing to lose at this point
i hope it's not being discontinued
unless it's that time of the month
i truly love this i hope they don't discontinue it
this product doesn't do that.
does exactly what it says, surprisingly.
i am not the person to ask
i think with continued use it's fine
i can't say for absolute certain that it was this product
i couldn't afford the mask
how nothing seemed to help
i don't know how, but it doesn't.
not to mention the fact of how much product there is
i don't break out a lot
i did learn over some youtube reviews that it does the job when you massage into your skin
i cannot even tell you how many people have said my skin looks amazing
i won't use anything else but glamglow now!
if you're like me
how wrong was i
i never want to live without it
i decided i couldn't live without it
i don't think ill ever use anything else
to anyone who wants clear
didn't know if i should try something new that also had charcoal in it
the mask does nothing to help this.
this is not a miracle product
which didn't really work
there was more breakouts when i wasn't using this
wish they'd fix that somehow
i honestly wasn't expecting much because i have such oily
didn't breakout from it either.
didn't get more in time
this is the first one thats actually doing what it claims
won't pump product out anymore
i didn't really need this one
this didn't bother me though
i didn't worry about any skin issues
after not using it for awhile i do regret it
it's not nearly as good as this one
it sure did work wonders for me
i normally break out with anything that isn't a plain cetaphil facewash so when i tried this i wasn't too excited
things that don't do anything or time wasters
you won't let go of those masks
i don't mind it
give it a try, you won't be sorry.
i did not smell it until i put the oil on my face
i didn't give it 5 stars because of that
wasn't sure about oil
just want to add that i did not purchase it
never would have tried it if it didn't get it for free
i think it's helped my skin even out
i shouldn't have to fight with it so much to get product out
as they suggest you do
if you can afford it
they did not complain of stinging in eyes
my only complaint is that darn pump
i am not sure if this is a design flaw or if it was just my luck
i cannot remember my skin being so clear
can't say if this cleanser is appropriate for everyone
i can't believe how nice my skin is.
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars
i will need to exchange my bottle as i think i may have gotten a bad one
this never irritates it
i don't break out
like it either way
this does not irritate my skin or break me out
if you are like me
it does not work most of the time.
does not break me out
i can see how some people would be bothered by it
i think i could live without it
is non-foamy which is why i didn't think i would like it at first
i just don't know if it's a "must have
i wasn't sure about it at first
if you want a little luxury
this is not the product for you
that's what made me want to purchase the item
i love it and don't want to use anything else.
this is one of the two cleansers i have found that does not do that
anything else on my face
so that should give you an idea about how much i love this cleanser
i don't think it would take of makeup well
that's not what i use it for
i wish it didn't have the fragrance, though.
i can see why philosophy uses it
this did what the description said it would do.
i don't think philosophy makes a product that i don't like
i hated it cause no matter what i did
i honestly can't say enough good things about this product
this product hasn't bothered me at all
it does not cause any reaction whatsoever
i can still say this is amazing
i never ever write reviews for products no matter how much i like them or hate them
it could be my imagination
it obviously doesn't deter me from using it
they didn't work well for me
wish i could get it in a perfume!
cant say enough good about this
doesn't break me out
the only thing is
if you don't know if you should get this moisturizer
though theirs this scent about it that i don't like
i don't know why peeps are saying it smells bad.
maybe i'm alone in this
for i am not a morning person
this product does not cause any irritation
it doesn't say so here on sephora under how to use
didn't care for it because of the scent
i would recommend this product to anybody with any type of skin woes
not anymore and in such a short time!
just sad i didn't find it sooner.
but i don't like the price point at all.
i just wish it weren't so expensive
everything else changes with the seasons
it just does something, so i'm sticking to it!
as the stuff isn't exactly cheap
i can't recommend this enough
i cannot say enough good things about it!
this product motivates me to wash my face at night because i can't wait to apply it
it is hard for me to find any product that doesn't break me out
i never thought i'd stop using it
since it does not have an spf
i did not have any problems with this moisturizer
however i had to stop using it because the smell was horrible
don't know how i will feel log term
it doesn't bother me
you can't feel it at all afterwards
each time it didn't work
i do not look my age
i can't leave my house without this.
i like it and would recommend it.
this is the only cream that doesn't do that.
can't speak for how it may work for those
didn't test it for a very long time
does just what it says.
i don't have that problem
it has nor smell
does seem to actually lessen my morning puffies
guess i'm saying that it's good
it hasn't done anything for dark circles
can't speak on that
i can genuinely say this one actually works
doesn't need something crazy intense
i like it though
i can tell the difference in my skin
it does what it claims
don't see these results
i don't have too many lines yet
what more could you ask for!
they didn't help at all
this is the only one i've found that doesn't
if i were to do that normally
not with this stuff.
i do not wear a lot of makeup
can't go one day without my tatcha routine now!
it doesn't break me out
just one pump is enough
and i didn't really need moisturizer even.
it didn't work as well
it still does the job
i didn't really notice a smell
the only issue i didn't love this product is that it felt too thick for me
did not break me out so kudos to tatcha
however i must say
i almost didn't even try it
doesn't leave any sort of film
don't think i will ever consider another cleanser
could see what all the hype was about
i didn't want to like it
needed something that wouldn't break me out
i can say before i tried tatcha cleansing oil
haven't use them all
i actually gasped when i first used this because it did not irritate my eyes
it actually was easy to use
wouldn't waste a lot of money if i didn't like it
'm not spending hundreds of dollars on products that might not work for me
let me tell you
it's almost too go to be true.
i can't believe it took me so long to find a holy grail product
this one actually works
no matter what type of day i've had
i don't know what i was thinking.
i didn't know a cleansing oil could be like this.
it was not what i expected
does not leave any residue
i wish it did not contain fragrance
i really mean it
plus it doesn't make me break out at all
i can't give enough praise for this.
now i'm not saying that the pimples are gone
make sure i get it on anywhere that i have makeup
daughter didn't show any hurt at all while i used it on her face
i don't know when i would have gotten around to trying it
it's so expensive that i can't possibly afford it as a broke college student
using an oil on a dry face isn't something i would have thought would work so well
i don't even need my normal face wash anymore.
i won't try anything else--this is the holy grail
this did not irritate at all
you neeed to go out
you don't need much so the bottle lasts forever!
didn't break out using this either :)
didn't expect to like this
doesn't break me out
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
this one didn't disappoint me too
couldn't live without it!
it honestly lasts for months
doesn't make you break out
i am guessing someone isn't taking the time to find out how to use it
i knew i needed it
don't hesitate with this
haven't seen anyone mention this
they're not super short but definitely not long.
i don't know how credible that research was so you can definitely do your own
i just can't say enough great things about it
i wanted to let everyone know what it has done for me
because you know they will not stop bugging you
if it works for you
i don't know why i didn't tried this before!!
i didn't know what to expect from this oil
i can say that i have replaced them
doesn't make you break out
if you can afford it though- definitely go for it
if anything it's balanced my skin more then anything i've ever used
i know that sounds crazy, but it's true.
if the price doesn't bother you
so wonder what have i done differently: marula oil
i cannot say anything on the matter as i gave only been wearing it for over two weeks
like i have you can tell the difference in absorption time
let me tell you
didn't break me out
i wish i could give this 10 stars!!!
not all the time
i can't believe how little build up i have
could not imagine using this in the am under makeup
i wouldn't really recommend using this product in the morning
anyway i saw so many people rave about this oil
i can say with all honesty that after using this oil for a year i will never buy a different one
i didn't really need another reason to break out
not only does this not cause breakouts
this face oil works like you wouldn't believe.
it doesn't affect the foundation coverage
i can't imagine using anything else now
that being said the smell isn't bad enough to not use it
it's definitely not cheap
it didn't improve either
anyone who tries this
amazing oil that does not break out my skin.
i am also not a fan of the smell however you only smell it if you put it right up to your nose honestly
it unfortunately did not work for me
i wish it wasn't so dang pricey
it doesn't break me out at all it actually helped with my acne so much i'm in love
n love i don't think i will ever use anything else ever
i didn't have this on me while i was traveling
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is the price
who honestly cares if it works?
it might be doing something
i didn't notice anything outst
which is not bad at all
if you do decide to splurge on this
you won't regret it :
i didn't know anything about it prior to purchasing
i did not expect it to work.
i couldn't believe it.
i could not say more amazing things about this product
almost don't believe it
didn't like the smell
i just can't justify paying 5x more for the same oil
f you think it caused breakouts consider that maybe it was something else
i can't wait to see how it works in the long run that's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5
make sure to shake or it wont work
let me put it like this
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
not seeing the results you want- i recommend you try this
it does what it claims.
if you're afraid of doing a "peel".
it didn't work overnight
let me tell you
i just do one pump
i didn't expect to love this as much
i didn't want to fall into the hype
because otherwise i would have probably overlooked it
the only thing i hate is the price
i can't give it 5 stars because i hate the smell.
any i did have is gone
if you're willing to spend a little more then i definitely recommend this stuff
the only reason why i gave it 4 stars is cuz of the price
figured what the heck
i can't say enough good things about it
the only thing i don't like about it is that i can't see inside of the bottle
can't tell exactly how much product is in it
am not at all mad about the price tag
nothing i wasn't used to
i would say it was exactly 2 weeks into using that i saw dramatic results
i can't rave enough.
i never thought i would be able to say that about a face product
i didn't notice much when i first started using it
i didn't think it was me at first.
i cannot rave about this product enough.
so at first i wasn't sure if i loved this or not
i can't rave about this enough.
i did have two small bumps that weren't there the night before
i wish i believed the hype
but otherwise i love this product.
i don't know how
this product does that
didn't have any issues with that
not wanting to give in
may not for others
this did not disappoint
didnt think much of it, but tried it anyways.
did not leave any scaring
not only did it help for that pimple
i can't believe how fast this works
this, however, didn't break me out (thankfully.)
if it wasn't for reading the reviews i don't think i would have been prepared for the tingle on outbreak areas
it doesn't last long
i believe it does work
let me tell you
something that won't go away
i just can't get over it
so you know that it myst be legit
the price tag makes me cry but it works wonders.
it's crazy to believe that this thing actually works
i honestly wanted to hate this product.
nothing is even remotely as good as tlc framboos
i don't wear foundation anymore
i couldn't possibly figure out what would work
i couldn't use the same stuff as when i was a teenager because it caused irritation
this stuff has done exactly what it said it would
listen to your skin and stop if needed.
thought "what the heck i will give it a try" as i have done with many other products
i noticed some people saying that this made them break out or the product did nothing
although i believe that one product can't work with every single person
i just can't stop talking about it.
you will not regret it.
please never stop making this!
now it actually works on any breakouts i have
my one caveat is that it's just so expensive for not being a
please never change the formula of this!
texture still weren't where i would like them to be
i did not think i was going to love this product
i didn't have one issues with it burning
i cannot say enough good things about this product
i cannot tell you how amazing this product is.
did not expect much as i was new to this brand.
i've never found something that actually helped.
doesn't smell that great either
i did a lot of research
if after two weeks my skin isn't having it then i know that product doesn't work
does not leave any residue
i didn't expect to love it as much as i do
if you've been thinking about picking this up
you might not be using it correctly
i know it's not for everyone
let me tell you
i tried this travel set on a whim thinking i'd like the juju bar better
too bad this form is not in anything else!
i don't know how it works but it sure is magical!
that's not what you want in a face bar.
i must say somehow it gets better
my skin doesn't hate me because i've been consistent in using this
i can't speak for others though
using it the first time i didn't know what to expect
it didn't look no where near as dull
i only wish it could come in like a liquid formula in a pump that way it wouldn't have to sit on anything
nothing would go to waste
this bar does exactly what it says it will do
i wasnt sure i wanted to buy this cause of this form of soap type
let me tell you that i love this cleanser
i like that there isn't any packaging
even the ones that say they're not
give this a try you won't regret it
and trust me, i have tried many.
let it be known
please de never stop making this amazing product!
t does not dry or hurt like some other cleanser that i have tried
now i could not care less because it just makes magic
cannot see me using anything else
it did not get a 5 stars cause it did cause some dryness after use
if your worried about the bar not lasting don't!
don't worry you'll still be able to move your face
simply couldn't find the right one for my aging
i can't decide if i like this better
it does not leave with a tight feeling either.
not only does it remove makeup
i didn't think i would like a bar cleanser
it doesn't make me break out like crazy
shows they know what they're doing
haven't had a problem yet
they either wouldn't benefit my skin at all
can't wait for this line to come out with other products
i can't say enough good things!
you will want to share this with everyone you know
didn't want to spend $28 on it
was afraid this would leave the same feeling
i wouldn't think of using anything else
not yet another plastic bottle
you won't regret it, it's an amazing product!
even if it does cause all my foundation to slide off
not only did this bar combat my acne
i couldn't do without either.
it doesn't last as long as the pekee bar
even though there isn't actually soap in it
that didn't happen at all!
i didn't really get the hype on drunk elephant until i tried these soaps
i will never need any other cleanser
but nothing would work.
it really does fix problem skin.
which is exactly what i wanted
so something is wrong with me haha.
i can't recommend this bar enough.
i needed something that could help with those things
that is exactly what it does
when you're using it you think that it isn't going to do anything
this bar does exactly what it says it does
i know it's not cheap
you name it i have it
i didn't know what it expect
i rarely if ever break out anymore
you will see for yourself why i personally love this bar
seriously, it's like a miracle bar.
i would've never thought that i would have to exfoliate in the morning with this bar
sensitive so wasn't sure how it would react
i just started using this so can't say too much yet
not sure if it has to do with the ph thing or not
i can't wait to try more products from this br
i don't use it every day
can't go wrong with anything made by this brand.
i would still say i have 40% of it
that you don't know what you've got til it's gone
does exactly what it describes
so far i don't think this has caused any breakouts
it gave me everything i didn't realize i needed
i can honestly say i love all of the products so far
it doesn't do any harm
this was the only thing that did
this stuff is legit!
don't hesitate to give this a try especially if you have problematic skin
while it didn't fix all those things
i can't wait to try other de products.
you get what you pay for though right?
which is weird bc i did not buy it for that purpose just bought it to see if it maybe this will make my make up application smoother
i think it's bc my boyfriend has secretly been using it too so that should say a lot
i just can't praise this product enough.
you won't regret it.
made me not want to put makeup on
i can't say enough good things about this soap!
if you're thinking about buying this
is not harsh at all
can't wait to try the other products in the line.
i can't tell you how much i love this oil!
i don't know how they do it
now i dont need to where so much makeup.
even asked what i was using to look so "glowy"
it's so smooth and dare i say...glowing.
my budget wont allow that :
i wasn't sure how this would work on my sensitive skin
but it did impress.
didn't believe the hype
though i feared it would leave me looking oily it most definitely does not
you will not regret this purchase!
i cannot say enough wonderful things about this product
also: it's truly a year-round wonder
i literally cannot believe it actually worked so well
certainly not on my student budget
please don't ever stop making this
yes it really does
i am not saying that this will do wonders for everyone
you wont regret it.
the downside was i did not know this product has a perfume fragrance in it
i did not mind the smell but it was strong.
i can't speak for the anti ageing yet
i wouldn't beleive anyone if they had told me these products work so well
m sure most of you won't beleive me either so all i can say is try they for yourself
i would buy it but i dont need it.
did i mention the scent is to die for?
why bother when this is the one?
i don't even know we're to begin
it says foaming on it, but i disagree.
that doesn't deter me, though.
i wasn't sure at first if this would work for my skin
i guess it was because of the sudden change in cleanser
when i don't use this product
it isn't so bad
well this cleanser is so great because it doesn't do none of that
you do not need much product
it does wonders for my skin
watch her videos if you want educated
this doesn't do that at all
i didn't like that it doesn't foam at all
does everything it's supposed to.
yet again it didn't disappoint
i would recommend this to anyone!
none of which really did it for me
i cant say yet if its good at removing makeup because i havent tried using it for that
i know its wrong
i really wish people would quit ruining products
this does not irritate it at all
i can't keep it to myself
it did not disappoint
you might not like this
i would reccomend this to anyone!!
this product did not irritate me at all
you can't use it on the eyes however
it does not dry my skin anymore
it doesn't bother my eyes.
even when i find something i love
what if there's something better?"
found that there's actually still a ton left
i can't say enough good things.
please don't stop making this, ever!
it didn't clear it up
while it wasn't bad
it just didn't wow me
it does not irritate
i just wanted to cry
one star off because it's really a 2- in-1 not 3.
does exactly what it says it will
this takes care of it no problem
this is not what i use to remove makeup
i can tell you this won't be enough to remove full face makeup
i've never had any bad reaction to this
i'd actually give this a 4.5, not 5.
not sure if this is making my acne worse or not though
i say try it out!
it does what it says it does
not eye make-up anyway
this does not break me out or cause me any issues
it doesn't seem to break me out.
"they're real" or if they do
don't know if it will break me out
i honestly didn't know what to expect from the cleanser
korres never lets me down!
it actually did take care of my puffy
i just have not got around to rebuying
it may not work for everyone
didn't need to use a lot either.
i've tried so many that i can't even count.
you won't be sorry
it's like it never happened
i think it does the work in the morning
here is the deal with puff off: i personally never notice a difference in my eyes
try it, you won't regret it!
it's probably not for daily use, (maybe it is?)
except for those days when i don't get enough sleep
this does not replace your eye cream, however.
didn't notice any difference in my bags
none of the others do.
for those of you who have never seen one it is like something out of alien
it doesn't last all day
some people liked it some people didn't.
but i do like it!
i do see a difference
the right i didn't
if it doesn't you think it's a huge stupid gimmick
never seen anything like it
that cheered me up so much i wasn't even upset anymore
with sephora's easy return policy there's no reason not to give this a shot
this does exactly what it says
try not to use tooooo much product
here's hoping it doesn't get discontinued
it does what it says
can't say how this product helps with that issue
i got a sample at first because i wasn't sure i was going to like it
honestly i didn't even think it was going to work
i think some of the reviewers are confused as to what this product promises to do
i don't know why this has so many bad reviews.
no matter how tired i am or am not
this doesn't do anything to correct darkness around the eyes
2 because it actually works
i know it's not just me because i've applied it on others the same way
i can't attest to any long term effects of this one
this is a product i never want to be without
i see a lot of reviews on this product that seem to be a misconception of its use
so please don't skip
this does the job
no it will not work miracles
actually know the point of a product before you review it
what more could you ask for?!
btw for all of those saying it didn't help their dark circles
that's not what this product is designed for
don't knock this products for not doing something it's not designed too
i can't go a day without this product!
i can't believe how quickly
figuring it probably wouldn't
i couldn't believe how it "lifted"
i believe that if you have more serious bags or bad skin this is probably not going to be a miracle product
i wouldn't call it a miracle product
it does make a difference
it does exactly what it's supposed to
the people complaining about the product not working for their dark circles clearly didn't read what this product does
i've never heard of a product like it
the worst thing that could happen was i wouldn't like it
not as bad as before
it was a dramatic improvement that i really didn't expect
i can't wait to see how it works after a week
here's what i mean
i can say it's the best thing i have ever tried
the only thing that i can say is ooooooooooh my gosh
i can't really believe it works better than i ever thought it could
i can say i'm glad i did you want regret it
only thing i did not like was the dropper packaging
i can't imagine using this alone.
tried every product you can think of with no results
i don't have anything bad to say honestly.
this didn't not make it worse in any way
i am so sad that i don't have anymore left.
what more do you want from a face wash?
does not make me breakout
it did not break my skin out
i didn't give this five stars
i didn't notice a long-term effect on the quality of my skin
you won't regret it.
please have actually asked my if i got fillers.
if you don't mind that, then great.
t does bother me a bit
although not enough for me to stop using it
as you can see in the picture
could not have been more wrong-- i'm a true believer now
it will not do anything dramatic
i've never found a product that works wonders like this
i didn't give a 5/5 because i feel like it's a little pricey for how much is actually in it
it doesn't break me out at all
the only thing i don't like is the price point
i can't say i notice a difference in appearance
couldn't recommend this enough to people of all ages
having a few backups cause i literally can't ever run out of it
i pay it because this product actually works for me
but i was so wrong!
this one does not- it's not a "miracle worker"
however i don't know if this is what was making me breakout
i can't even tell you what it is about this product
look like what it said it did
a having used the whole bottle i'm deciding it's not doing its long term job
don't know about the claims though.
did not see any of that for me.
i couldn't believe the quick difference it made in the appearance of my skin
plus i could just return if it didn't work out
not only have i not had to deal with any breakouts
in my mid-20s i don't think i really need too many products
i wanted to try it anyway
i don't have any aging signs yet
foundation or you can wear it alone
you start to notice a huge difference after you've been using it for a while
it does not break me out
this stuff doesn't make me break out
this product has not caused me to break out
i wish the price wasn't so high for the amount
this really did the trick
i tried this on a whim and i'm so glad i did.
nothing was like this
nothing was doing anything
which i had not
i'd figure whatever i know it might not work with my dull skin
what else could help?
it has no spf so there ya go
i don't even know what words to use to describe it
i do like this product
i did not give it five stars because i have not seen much of a difference in my pore sizes
couldn't ask for more.
i don't use it every day
i think i will
i would recommend this to everyone!
not sure what these other people are talking about
figured this way i could try out other products
this one is actually not bad
you may find that something else works better
i wish it wasn't so expensive because i am addicted
i know i'm not that old
the only thing that i think did not work was the firming
i didn't expect this to do much based on reviews
i can't recommend it enough
i didn't see any difference at first
i can't speak for the firming aspect as i didn't have much to firm
that didn't seem to bother me once it was applied
it doesn't have much of a sent which to me is a plus
i don't know if the gold in it really does anything
i hated it going on
no product does miracles
cannot speak to how/if it helps with that concern
i don't know what my life would be without this mask
someone else said they leave it on for 30 minutes
looking at it like that.....it's a deal.
in addition i was not using it under my eyes as someone else mentioned
i wasn't even shopping for this--i was getting a caudalie item
i can't see how it would work for wrinkles
i don't think you necessarily need this one
we all have those moments- whether it's "that" time of month or if you're just super stressed
if you love your skin you gotta give it a try.
it does exactly what it claims to do.
thank you ptr for giving me something i thought i would never have
even when i forget my skin does not break out right away from lack of usage either
which makes me not want to use them
t really goes a long way
it does everything it says and then some.
this is the first mask i've applied that i didn't have a reaction to ie
if you don't want to jump in
you can see results
idk how this happened.
i seriously recommend everyone to buy this thing.
i would say 8 of them have gone away
i do not smell it
so that is something to look into if you're on a budget
did not want to purchase because of the price
i literally cannot put into words how much i love this mask
i can't recommend buying the full size until you've tried a sample of it merely because it seems to be hit or miss with many people
has anyone else experienced this?
didn't give it 5 stars only because i wasn't to see if results stay persistent
it does the job
you don't need much product.
what more could you ask for!
you will not regret it!
it isn't it's the real thing
i would honestly recommend this for all skin types / concerns
because the consistency doesn't change with time
i could never seem to find a face mask that i could use that actually helped clear up blackheads
this one does it all.
know it's doing something
since i hadn't researched this specific mask i really wasn't sure what to expect
i wasn't entirely sure if i liked it at all
it didn't matter much because i only use masks in the evening before applying my night routine
no matter what is happening to my skin
don't expect to see any difference
i see why it's well recommended.
i didn't feel it burn
it just didnt do the trick
it does not stink at all.
this mask does not break me out
there is a sample pack which i would recommend if you're not sure how it would work on your face
although i would barely call it that
not sure how anyone says it does
other times it doesn't bother my skin
it isn't too strong that i want to rip my face off
only downfall is i did use this on my boyfriend
it's what they're supposed to do
anything i try never seems to do the trick
i honestly didn't think i'd be into this one the most
overall do not do my skin any justice
this stuff is so amazing i can't even put it into words
it does what it says
didn't cause me to break out after using
everytime i use it it's just made it better
10 minutes just doesn't seem long enough to me
if i use a wrong product it will make me breakout
this product has never done that to me
if you're on the fence or thinking about getting this mask do it
i cannot recommend enough.
i do recommend getting a sample first to see if you can tolerate it
i didn't notice much of a difference
wanted to try this one so bad
this mask does what it says it's going to do however i don't think it's worth $60
i still want to try origins
as you might guess
i recommend it to everyone!!
it does not pull the skin at all
i really don't have much to say but: just buy it.
i would say it's more like a rescue mask
i can't imagine being without
don't hesitate to try it.
that is not the reason behind a review
it's really upsetting seeing the comment below which attacks the product she/he never uses just because someone else's comment is not helpful
this one did the job
i didn't change anything else in my skin-care routine
i'll never use anything else!
the oil didn't help
i cannot rave about this enough.
not sure if i can use it as an everyday cleanser
if it can do wonders on my skin it will more than likely do the same for yours
didn't do anything for my skin other than clean it
does exactly what it says
definitely try this, you will not regret it.
i literally won't use any other cleanser any more this is my go to from here on out
so let me mention that not only is the soap a wonderful product
i love it so much that i forgot how expensive it was until i went to repurchase
i couldn't believe i paid that much in the first place
this does not make me break out
this product not only did what it's supposed to
if you don't like that smell you are not going to like the smell of this
this did not cause me to look "greasy"
did not make me look like an oil slick
it does what it claims
maybe that's why i haven't experienced they dryness i'm seeing many comment about
i can't praise this product enough !
i wanted to get a cleanser that would
what more could you wish for!
when i do i tend to pick
i must say if used correctly this product is like my lover
it does exactly what it says it would
if you cannot tolerate it for everyday use
this doesnt bother me at all
let me just say
rarely do i ever comment on what i've purchased
this did the job!
you will not be sorry.
i know my skin isn't!
you can tell where i've gone with it
'm going to say it did
i would definitely say give it a try.
doesn't seem to go bad.
i will say this
i almost stopped using it but i'm glad i didn't.
not only does it leave you feeling fresh
i really can't attest to whether or not it is anti-aging
i gave it a try thinking no way it would beat my love for purity
wow was i wrong
i love this stuff so much i immediately went out
i is not harsh
it did not help with breakouts
she won't use anything else now.
now i can't live without it.
does not overdry my skin.
i didn't expect it
which i'm almost certain to do anyway
i don't even know how to put into words how fabulise it is
yes, yes it can.
you don't need a lot at all
i must say i am in love with this
i do recommend it
i cannot believe i have gone so long without knowing about this cleanser
nothing i did helped get rid of it!!
it's not too harsh for me if i use it a few times a week
if you want the best you pay for it
please don't ever stop making this!
at first he didn't like this stuff
if you use this
i wish i knew whether or not it was really doing an anti-aging this
i don't feel that when i use this product
i didn't use to wash my face much before going to bed
otherwise can't do without it
this does the trick
'll do without something else this month
see the difference when he doesn't use it
this product does nothing for me
i never sleep enough
sorry it doesn't work better for dark circles
luckily i don't have that problem
its not a miracle wonder
unfortunately there is not many out there
does what it claims to do
love it but not it's huge price tag
didn't do exactly what i wanted
i would've given it 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
when i used this for a couple of weeks i didn't think i saw a big difference
guess you get what you pay for
please do not ever stop making this cream
don't like putting anything near them that will irritate them
nothing else has done that.
it's not a miracle (what is really?)
don't know how it will work for someone suffering with a worse case
it's not going to work miracles
none of them work as i want them to work
the little beads did not all break when i applied the product
i didn't care after i saw the change in texture
i really have no clue why some reviews claim the product was drying
the only reason i didn't give this a "5" is due to the price
i can't say anything on the reduction of fine lines because it only been a short time of use
it did wonders for him
you dont need a lot
didn't work as well for the dark circles
i do not have to use as much
wanted to find something that would work
i can see the difference
are mostly just annoying as they don't seem to do anything
i can see the difference
so they were impossible to get rid of
does what is says
pick it up $80 is not bad
can't live without it
didn't expect it to eliminate them
let's just say after a couple of days i found a sephora asap
once you try this nothing else will do!
couldn't live without it!
i don't want to be without this product!
this is a must have if you know how
this cleanser did not disappoint
but i like it to use ever other day or so.
it wasn't bad at all
yes u cant tell how much product is left in the bottle either
this product is not going to work for everyone.
"didn't like the color
nothing can really stop those
however, i do not use everyday.
the smell is not something to rave about
my face used to break out a lot but not anymore.
before i used this product i did not have bad skin
wish it didn't have added fragrance
did not irritate it at all
it's so effective for me i don't even need to use it every day
it's pricey so don't be afraid to ask a store rep for a sample
don't let that fool you
we all do that
don't hesitate and buy it!
hopefully you'll like it as much as i do!
not something for every day
so every so often i will do this on purpose
i really recommend letting it sit
i do not think it is too harsh
i didn't really want to spend over 40$ on a cleanser
i honestly have no clue!
this smells exactly like the youthmud treatment.
it didn't quite earn the 5 star rating
let me tell you first the downsides.
i would recommend it to you in a heartbeat
either way, do not hesitate to buy!
it doesn't last long
i don't really see a difference with this one alone
if you want more bang for your buck
sometimes i just use the other alone
you don't need much
this was not the case for me.
do not use it every day
so needless to say i rushed out
if you are considering anything from this br
you will love it
possibly i didn't add quite enough water
it's not quite impressive enough though to go on the "i need right now
however i must say
i couldn't fathom the price for such little product
so that's the kind of thing you want from this product
i did my homework over glamglow
i can't wait to see how else it works
suffice to say, i'm sticking to this product!
i like it i'm just not in love with it.
don't know how else to explain
i can honestly say i'll never love a cleanser like this one
i see a lot of reviewers saying that it is not hydrating enough
if you are like me
i think 5 stars isn't enough!
i just use this
i don't think it is
it didn't break me out either
it's still not done
i didn't think i would like this because of the consistency
if you're not a fan
then i don't think i'd recommend this product for you
honestly i could just deal with mud
anyway... i really enjoy using this so far.
so far i don't see any difference
any of you out there
it did for me.
no matter what i used
it didn't irritate my face whatsoever
if you didn't follow the directions properly
it doesn't matter how nice it feels
doesn't make me break out
bought this with the comfort of knowing that if it didn't agree with my skin or i didn't like it i could always return it for a refund
this did not do that.
that doesn't bother me at all
which didn't really seem to do a good job of cleansing
perhaps it's what i need
doesn't break me out
what i also loved about it was that it doesn't have a harsh smell to it
doesn't break me out
i can say with no regret that i will never use anything else for my daily moisturizing routine
that doesn't bother me
i don't know what it is about it
unless it is going to do wonders for my skin
i know it's difficult believe
it does kind of leave a film
i began using something else
can't really say yet if this product is "working" for that or not
this is gentle enough to not bother me at all
it does exactly what it says in the description- hydrate
another huge bonus was that it did not irritate or burn my eyes at all
the only negative thing i have to say about this product is that it doesn't always take away puffiness or dark circles as much as i would have liked it to
would recommend this to anyone
which is what i prefer
haven't liked any of them
i don't think any eye cream will ever make it all go away
it doesn't last all day
i am not really sure why others complain about the scent
i cannot recommend it enough!
what not to smell like
if the smell really bothers you then i guess try something else
that goes away by the time you've actually applied the product
t doesn't bother me
but it doesn't last, so suck it up people.
if they added a ton of fragrance people would be complaining about that
i can't believe it
(i actually asked my husband to sniff my face!
he couldn't smell anything.)
i normally do not fall in love with products that say they hydrate your skin because i have never had a product do more for my skin than it has claimed to
this does what it claims
as i do not underst
which didn't diminish all day
it felt so light going on that i didn't think it would do anything
but not this one.
i would say that if you have the $$ to fork over for the good of your skin
i say get this
i know that if it wasn't for this milk treatment my skin wouldn't be where it's at today
i can't live without it.
if you do not have this product you need it !!!
i do like the pump.
sephora was kind enough to provide me with a bottle to try
it's just another product i'm adding so that's underst
spoil alert: it's not better than hers
so residue is not a problem for me
you do get the most bang for your buck
can't claim or confirm this product is the reason
i can only assume
does not bother my eyes
it hasn't broken me out or anything like that either
i recommend it to everyone.
doesn't really do anything for my acne
i can't live without it!
surprised more ppl don't know about this!
it didn't break me out
however- i do not use this on my eyes
didn't care for them at all
was of the thinking that an oil cleanser would not be for me
i am here to tell you not to be
i didn't feel greasy after either.
i cannot believe how much i love this product
my skin didn't improve
that's not been an issue at all
the smell doesn't bother me too much
it's something i can get over since the product works so well
wasn't able to find anything that compares to this
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the strong smell
you may find you don't want to use anything else
the only problem i have which is not a big problem
to me it doesn't really smell like anything.
the instructions say it's okay to use on closed eyes
not after this product
most if not all my makeup is off my face
actually more effective-- it didn't leave a trace of makeup on my skin afterward
i feel like words can't even describe how this feels when i put it on my skin
i can't say enough great things about this oil.
those lines didn't really help with the oil control
not many cons here.
this does i love it
it's not a big enough reason for me to stop using the product
so far i really like it though i will not say it is groundbreaking
i rarely give anything five stars
cannot say enough about this one
does not make me break out
figured i would give it a try
i couldn't believe it.
if i use the wrong products will get pimples even at 55
still can't say wow enough.
this doesn't break me out
the listing doesn't say how much comes in the bottle
i don't even know what to say
i didn't actually expect to love it as much as do
i can't go a day without.
he didn't think twice
if you are worried itll cause oil
you also dont need to use a lot.
may not work for you
it's been about a week since i did it
not only does it not irritate my skin or eyes
i must say that it does work well
i just would not feel like my face was clean if i didn't wash before
i don't have the energy to apply makeup anymore
etc that would help my skin look
since i'm not covering it up anymore
this product was removing stuff from my face that i couldn't even see
at least not to me
i realize that what works for me won't work for everyone
i think i am actually saving many by not product-hopping
i didn't want to be rude
nothing for me to try
can't stop looking at my face!
does it work miracles
if you want to look alive
this is all you need
it's like a no foundation foundation type of deal
i've not found it bad
not crazy about the price
they didn't deliver the same results
which is not a big deal
for $75 i shouldn't have to do all that
it's never made me breakout
this doesn't cause breakouts which way i love this so much
on days i do not want to wear too much make up
this does the trick
i don't have to think about spf
do not try samples of them anymore
it's enough to for me to get up and go.
i don't know why this has been getting bad reviews
this is the first one that doesn't do that to me
this color probably won't work for you
what is there not to love?
don't know what it is
all el moisturizers actually do what they say they'll do
i didn't give it a 5 because i'm an attorney with student loans to pay off so $62 for moisturizer is really expensive for me
the description of this product doesn't say that it is for reduceing acne
i didn't have any problem with break outs.
this is the first one that i didn't have to fight with
oh my gosh did i see a difference on day two
i can't say enough good things about this serum.
to give you an idea of what i usually use
even though i do not have wrinkles i decided to use it because i love my sephora samples
i wish it wasn't so expensive!!
if you can get past the smell i'd say give it a try
when i don't use it
i can tell the difference immediately
wish it wasn't so expensive.
just didn't brighten like this one does
i didn't give 5 stars because it is expensive
i cannot afford it
i did not have that experience
which did not bother me
the smell does not bother me at all.
doesn't bother me one bit
i actually prefer this one.
after i wasn't using it for a bit my skin didn't seem as nice
no matter what age or skin type
who doesn't want to see them go away completely
i like the product not in love with it because
why so many people complain the smell
i could see the difference
this one just wasn't for me
the smell does not bother me at all.
it didn't even take me 10 days.
like many other people here
i felt compelled to let people like me know there is hope
why do i have to love this product so much???
don't let any scent comments deter you.
but it doesn't linger, so i can get past it.
i can't recommend this enough.
it's an amazing product that does exactly what it says it will
i almost didn't buy this because of the price.
you can not just use this product alone that's not how it is designed
haven't changed anything else in my routine except this
didn't expect this kind of results at all.
i couldn't figure out what it was
it does seem to live up to the promises!
i didn't feel burned at all
i don't expect miracles from any product
although it doesn't bother me
i can't even put my finger on what exactly it is that's it's doing
i know it's something special
didn't work with their makeup
i did not want one with a fragrance to it
this one does not
it's probably too soon to tell
didn't expect to see any results since you usually have to use products for a while before anything happens
didn't notice the least bit of change
i am going on the assumption the wrinkles will diminish with time because it is doing everything else it promises
i can honestly tell you wow i saw results in days
i suppose that's not its main purpose
i don't get it
haven't with this one
the genious line is a little more money anyway
thanks algenist and sephora you've done it again!
how to use it then you're not going to like it
can't tell if it's really doing anything though.
i couldn't believe it!
you would not use this to remove makeup nor does it promote you to do so
the cleanser is doing what its suppose to do
/or oranges i would say pass
wasn't sure if i even wanted to try it since i rely heavily on reviews
this does not work with a clarisonic
you don't always have the time/ money
did i see the results
must i describe what i looked like?!!
i can't say that i see a real huge or even significant difference
but i do notice a difference and it's good.
wasn't expecting any miracles
the only hook is that it's so satisfying you may find yourself wanting to do this mask every night
t doesn't bother me too much
i am not shy to admit i use it
i encourage everyone else to use it
i cant wait to try more
it does do wonders for break outs
it works then after that it is not effective anymore
because you hear about how all these products help
i know not all products work the same for everyone
i wish i could give this 4 1/2 stars.
any time i try to use something else
i know it's not cheap
i don't know about its other claims
i cannot say enough good things about this product
it does wonders for my skin!
i didn't realize how small it was going to be
i didn't stop breaking out from stress
i didn't want to waste $40
not all over your face
was afraid this would make me breakout
who cares if your man sees the reciept
when you can get a dude to notice
i swear it is minimizing the look of my poursif this isn't magic i don't know what is
i didn't think this kind of witchcraft existed
if you're like me
so that might bother some people
thought i wouldn't need this one
i know these can be pricey
so you actually want to put it on everyday
then this product isn't for you
what can i say
it wasn't too bad
something i can't live without
i don't use it every day
you don't need to use a lot each time
that is exactly what this is
you don't have to do much work
let the product do the work.
once you do it's amazing
the one thing i don't like is that why don't they fill this up to the top
you can clearly see that it's half full
what really caught my attention was that it didn't contain harsh chemicals
it's actually not as messy as i thought it would be
though i probably should
i didn't even know my skin could feel that good!
it didn't make me break out or anything either
i've never seen a product like it
it's not 100% clear yet
can't say enough about it
so you're probably wondering if you really want to spend $40 on this product
believe me it works wonders
not even my clarisonic did as good of a job
honestly just buy this
at first, i really didn't like this product.
i knew i couldn't go wrong with josie maran
i wish i hadn't this is it
cannot say enough good things about it.
i cannot even begin to explain how amazing this is
hope they don't change it like they have with other josie maran products i have liked
t was a no-brainer that this product would be a must-try
can't say enough about it
i didn't experience any problems
can't say enough good about it
it didn't work for that
i don't like the consistency that it makes
and this does all that for me!
let's me know it's working.
no matter what i would do
it does exactly what it says which says a lot.
will never use anything else
thought i might want to try it
you don't much for you whole face.
i can't think of anything wrong with this.
i cannot say enough wonderful things about this product
not too light that i don't see any results
i must say that this product is amazing
it would be impossible to use if it was
i wasn't even sure if 2 oz were actually in the bottle
this did not aggravate it
i didn't think this would be better but it is.
it does exactly what it's supposed to
the product does exactly what it is supposed to do
i figured i would give it a try
this one is not at all
i can't complain too much
if you want smooth
why they wouldn't fill it more
something that shouldn't happen with a product so pricey
my only issue is i do waste some product bc you have to kind of shake the product out
i just can't say enough good things about her
can't say enough about this product.
it's something i use every day or every other day
i can't live without it.
i asked one of my coworkers for help because i've tried practically everything
trust me you will tell a difference
just assumed that's how my skin was
i promise you won't regret this purchase!
i can see a difference
i am not sure if my skin became used to the product or if it's just done all it can do
it's hard to tell if there are any long-term results/benefits from using it
it may bother some people
for some reason it does
unfortunately for my face :p
i didn't notice how much this changed my skin until i ran out
i can't see the scars at all anymore
can say i do notice a difference with this one
it's almost hard to explain
pores seem to look smaller which i did not believe would happen
i figured i'd give it a try anyway
and to my surprise, i find that it is.
i would give this 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
this product works exactly as it says it will.
i can see why it can come across as overpowering to some
this is probably the only product i have tried that actually delivers on their claims
no matter howgentle the products i use my skin i feel as if it's still not as smooth
clear that i hardly ever put foundation on
it does wonders for my skin
did not use it
i hope that's what it happening
i can tell you that this is the real deal
if you do also
that is all you need.
which i don't have
i simply love it.
i would buy it even if it wasn't so good
what can i say
don't see my self ever stopping
i would do bad things for money if i had to in order to keep using this stuff
this is literally one of the few products i have ever used that does exactly what it promises
i can't believe it.
it did not let me down
when i looked in the mirror i couldn't believe my eyes
now when i use it it's not that tight most likely it's because it got all of that junk out of my face
i just wanted to try it
i never have breakouts anymore
even when it's "that time"
i literally will not be without this.
i honestly can't say enough great things about it
and i have tried everything.
thought no product existed that could do what i needed it to
it seriously does what it says it will.
i can't wait to see what will happen when i use the serum too
i got this on a whim, to be honest.
not sure what to expect
i got it anyway
if i didn't like it i'd return it
it really does as it says it does.
that is not the case with this mask.
i didn't like it
it did not sink in my skin
i can't say enough good about this product!
i didn't feel like i noticed much difference in the month
it was the cliche "don't know how good you had it til it's gone"
don't let the price talk you out of it.
i don't have to wear foundation anymore-
which is something i rarely do
can't live without it!
you name it i tried it
either irritated or it didn't do anything
let me just say one thing
i can't imagine it not being as amazing as this
i recommend this for anyone who wants a miracle
i can tell a difference already.
this, does not bother me one bit.
also, i did not have any breakouts.
t's doing what it's suppose to
between brows because i don't really have issues anywhere else
down here in florida i can't imagine using this in the morning as directed
i can't attest to that as i don't have a lot
can't wait for more of this line.
all i can say is thank god i did!!
if there is anything negative to be said about this product i would say it is the smell
it is not horrible by any means
can't wait to try other dermadoctor products.
why have i not heard of this before??
this does the trick.
!i can't believe how good my skin looks.
it's not as good as this
i can't believe it.
i can't remember when my skin last looked like this
i've returned so many because the claims weren't true
figured what the heck
i really wish i could post my before
don't get me wrong my eyes didn't look completely wrinkle free
i mean you can still see them
i can't wait to see how my eyes look after using this for awhile
i am not sure whether it does magic
it doesn't matter which one
that's exactly what it does.
honestly i don't think the price is that bad bc you don't need much at all
i would say if you have the money, go for it.
it does what it claims to do
can't go wrong here.
did not work for me
i can't really tell the difference between most primers
it didn't break me out/wasn't drying
this one actually works
i will admit i haven't even put this on my face yet
not sure if i can h
which you should do anyway with all primers
this one does it all.
can't say thanks enough.
i can't say enough about this product.
i don't know how i was leaving without it!
t's a little inconvenient for me since i do not like buying things separately
not a miracle worker, but does the job.
it was the only thing i could find that wouldn't upset my dry
i didn't think you could do it
don't let all the bad reviews discourage you.
does the job, yet feels light on your skin.
not with this product
you hardly need any to cover your face
i didn't realize until i got home that that would mean i would only use it in the morning
i don't usually do this
it does not say anything about dark circles or fine lines
not only did it make the patches go away
it's not like a st
i don't know why people keep complaining about how thick it is
i don't know if it went bad or if it's a bad batch
i can't tell yet
i would recommend to anyone!
i didn't notice anything the first h
have not had any issues
i don't have that problem anymore.
i didn't know have any problems with this product
i can't believe that i found a treatment that does not do this
this treatment did not bother me at all
this may not be a product i would normally use
i dont have much to compare it to
i did not know about this br
if you're going to splurge
i don't know how it did it
i can do it because its not dryin at the same time it foams up
let's just say i can barely afford lunch today
we're not talking about that right now
all i know is a mistake was made somewhere along the line because now i've realized i can't live without it
that seemed to do the trick
i don't believe this has caused me to breakout
they do not work
unlike other skin care products you might not see the result immediately or the result is not as drastic as you would like
it works so that doesn't even matter
you don't even notice the smell by night 4 anyway
i couldn't imagine putting this on my face
this does work wonders.
honestly that did squat for my face
i really didn't think i'd like this product at all
the only thing it's supposed to do that i haven't had it do is help with acne
although i don't have much of that anyhow thankfully
not sure if it's recommended to do that
i don't even use it every night
love what it does for my skin
i can't imagine not using these products
am a stressed student who does not get enough sleep
cant speak for how it's helped me there
i've tried other retinols--they all seem to break me out
i don't know that the anti-aging effects are quite what i was hoping for after continued use
was hoping that i wouldn't love it because of the price
my skin generally let's me know right away if something won't work
i figured, "why not?"
i must say that this oil is not what you think
i'll use this and my eye cream, if nothing else.
i won't by any products that aren't cruelty-free anymore
this probably won't work out for you
it's not supposed too
you don't need to use much.
doesn't break me out
i don't use it every night
unfortunately, i won't be using it any more.
now don't get me wrong
at last i don't seem to mind it
that i wouldn't be able to see any difference in the skin
did she ever praise it
i actually like the smell.
as long as it does the wonders to my screen
'm trying to ignore this
oh darlings if you never try you will never know right i have very sensitive skin i react every time with a new product
for the ones stating it wasn't good
they didn't see a change in their skin
not to mention just any kind of acne!
can't afford to buy it
i can't wait to try it for a week
it's enough to keep me buying this product for life
i do not use it every night
didn't want to love it because of the price
does everything it claims
i did anyways so now i'm saving to buy
the only thing i do hate about this product is the smell
luckily mine did not break
you do not want to waiste your money when it breaks
this oil does what it says it will do
it was not so bad
it just might change your mind
i recommend it to anyone!
i also want to mention another thing that i liked about this product which is the pump
i can't say its amazing
it leaks so much that i wouldn't dare travel with it in my bag
i can honestly say that after 4 days of using i could see such a difference
i am truly surprised that not too many people know about this product or br
this one didn't disappoint
this oil does it all
such a thing didn't seem to exist because it seemed like everything with ceramide
i didn't think three drops would cover my face
can't live without it now.
i definitely notice a difference when i use these versus when i skip
nor did i breakout
even when i did not pick at my face
it's basically like i have nothing on my skin.
didn't notice anything drastic
if this didn't give me such nice results i wouldn't be repurchasing it because of the price etc
it does give results
with no expectations for anything else
you have to try it to know it.
it didn't break me out
i would recommend this product to anyone i know!
i can't wait to keep using it
i will never use anything else.
i cannot say enough good things about it
have been feeling i couldn't go anywhere without makeup
i wasn't going to get this because of the price
i look like i have makeup on when i do not.
i can't really explain it
i honestly can't believe how good this stuff is.
it didn't cause me to break out
so did people at work
no more guessing if a product is what you really need
it could be my imagination
i couldn't ask for more
those that do not
this one is not
as i had never had a reaction to other similar products before i didn't hesitate to put it all over my face
im giving this only 4 stars simply because i do not know if this effect is real or just a fluke
it does not burn and it works buy this
thought i was crazy cause of the price
everything it says it does
would recommend it to anyone
so i guess it must be working!
don't want to be without it
it does not sting
i realized that my skin didn't look as good as it had before
this one i had to say something :-
this stuff does it almost over night!!
i will never give this stuff up
i love the fact that it doesn't irritate.
i see what the hype is about .
it sounds like hyperbole, but it's really not.
i can't believe the difference it has made in my skin
i personally didn't experience any irritation.
it simply feels like a night time oil treatment.
didn't know what to expect when i used this
assuming it probably wouldn't work anyway
i can see the difference
i just worry it will lose potency over time
if it doesn't work right away for you
can't tell i have it on, love it.
ladies when i say this primer is my automatic go to
this product is unlike anything else i've tried.
it doesn't take a lot to do the job.
i don't know what's all the fuss about this balling up under foundation it has not been the case i've got a sample before
doesn't move all day
not only does it do all that
all i could say was "wow
please don't change anything about this product down the line
the invisiblur perfecting shield was a *sleeper* hit for me because i wasn't expecting to like this product as much as i did
this product does not react with my skin
i cannot find it anywhere
it wasn't too bad on me
maybe it's not for everyone
i can't comment as to the reduction in wrinkles that it provides as i haven't been using it long enough to see any results
it does what it says
if it weren't so expensive i would have my own :
i like that one
i find it isn't quite what i expected
find i'm limited in what it'll do for me
i don't use it every day
i plan to use this bottle until it's gone
i might be biased saying this because i never really saw the importance of using a primer until i started using murad's invisiblur
you don't know how long it's been sitting
i can't go a day without this now.
hey if it delivers what it says
the pump does not work on my bottle
i would recommend still wearing another spf if you normally do
i like this when i don't want to wear make up.
this works like it says it does
i would use it alone just as skin care
really can't believe it doesn't have a higher rating overall
it does exactly what it says it does.
it doesn't seem to have a smell really at all.
it does exactly what it says.
i do not burn with this
i do not break out
it can change your life, if you let it (i.e.
the instructions don't say anything about "pat" it on
if you do that
it didnt bother at all
can't attest to whether or not it's a good primer
know that invisiblur is part of that reason
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is the price
that is how i use it
i figured i would give it a try.
which i know isn't enough to protect from damage
murad will continue to get my money because i can't find a product that is this great
i don't even know where to start or how to explain this
exactly as i like it
my guess is folks not letting enough drying time between products
don't have that problem
you don't need much
i do advise a careful application because ithe doesn't build well if you use too much at once
i can't explain how much i love this product.
and it doesn't make me break out at all.
it's that amazing that i can't imagine doing my makeup without it
you get what you pay for.
this product does not cause any breakouts for me
i don't know if there is any skin care product that doesn't break me out that could fix there
so the price doesn't bother me.
does everything it says it does
some samples do have to say they live up to there name
i can definitely tell when i don't use this
even when you think it's not doing anything
this seems to be the only one that really does what it says
it does do a decent job if you're not going to use any other moisturizer on your face because you're afraid of extra oils like myself
you really do not need to use much
nothing does it for the whole day
this stuff though, it is the truth!
it does just as stated mattifies
not to sure why there are so many bad reviews for this product
it's not enough hydration for me
this does not have spf unfortunately
no matter what skin type you have
which is what i love about it
that's not really i how i use it
somehow i never did suffer major breakouts
although not all day for me
have yet to find anything that does
but that's all it can do.
my only complaint is that is doesn't have spf.
this is not it
maybe they should change the name
this is one that not only does that
it will do the job
i wouldn't call this a mattifier
i didn't expect this to be a miracle
this product did exactly what it said.
can't go a day without it!!!
this actually did it for me.
im shocked at so many saying that this made their skin more oily since it did the opposite for me
don't worry about the price
this stuff does what it says it will
i don't expect it too
this will work wonders for you
i do only under my eyes
i'll never go without this stuff!
it didn't break me out
there isn't another product like it.
not with this stuff
please don't stop making it!!!
it hasn't failed me this time either
i didn't want it to make me break out
i just have to not apply so much
i don't know why it won't let me give it 5 stars
this is not a primer.
it does exactly what it says
it does exactly what i need it to do!
it has some color of it's own so you can wear it by itself if you don't like foundation or are in a hurry
one thing that confused me is that the bottle says wear alone or "over" makeup?
this does what it says
did not do anything for the puffiness
i crave it if i do not have it.
maybe because i don't tend to tap it in as the instructions say
can't say whether it helps with that
not just under my eyes
didn't expect it to really do anything
you have to give products 90 days before you can see any true results
this did not bother me at all
it does make a difference when u apply it.
yet i didn't notice a big difference on eye bags cuz i don't have heavy ones before using this
i didn't think anything of it
went to do some other things
it was a huge difference, i'm not kidding.
i wasn't wearing any makeup whatsoever
i've yet to try anything that works like this does
i can't be happier with this.
what can i say, it works!.
i can't get behind this product enough
let's say i found it
i did not have any irritation nor did it clog my pores
if not all of belif's products that i've tried
so don't do that anymore
they haven't led me wrong yet.
this does the trick.
it does exactly what it claims to do
i can't turn back
unfortunately the drugstore stuff wasn't cutting it anymore since i'm 34
you can't go wrong.
i can't go anywhere without it.
can't say enough about it!
don't know what it would like under make up
i find it doesn't work as well by morning
i don't know if i would recommend wearing it under makeup though
i promise try this and your skin will thank you.
i don't even believe that most products work like that
this moisturizer is honestly true to its name
t's not a deal breaker for me
does what no other moisturizer did for me
this is the only product that did exactly what i needed it to do
i don't know how i would have managed my dryness without it
i love that it doesn't have any oil in it because i can wear it under my makeup
wow does this help immediately
didn't really like the results
i didn't use to have much trouble with my skin
i can't say enough about this product.
i wish it was unsented!
it's great to let it sit on your face a while
never tried it bc i heard one bad review
if you're on the fence, just buy this stuff!
i can't live without this.
which has never happened with anything else i've tried
at first i scared to try it out bc i don't want to waste my money
all the while knowing it was not enough moisture
does exactly what its supposed to
this one doesn't do that.
can't say enough good things about it
in fact, it's the first time that it happens.
this does and i love it.
you will love this
it doesn't take much
unfortunately it is still not the one
it doesn't take much.
this doesn't bother it at all
this should work wonders for you
which meant foundation barely did anything
did not want to spend the money when i have pretty much lost all hope that anything would work for my skin
let me tell you
i hope i never have to worry about this product going off the market
i don't want to combine it with the clarisonic
i could not figure out what was happening.
also does not break me out
didn't pay much attention
i can see where people say if you have dry skin that it'll make it worse
i won't use anything else now.
didn't break me out at all
which is the reason why i stopped
just get it in their bestsellers box like i did
you will not regret it!!
i don't find it to be so
i can't wait to see how it does this summer
this cleanser didn't really help after the first month or so of use
hadn't realized what a poor job it was doing until i tested this one
not to mention this tube will last me months since you don't need a lot of product
wasn't sure i'd ever find a product i loved more than the belif true aquabomb
this does the trick
this didn't affect it
can't live without it!
seriously i don't think much can be done about that
can't say enough about how much i love it!
i honestly cannot remember how i came across this product
doesn't break me out
it doesn't break me out
does what it says
with this i dont have that problem.
my own sephora did not carry this
it does not have a bad smell
it's weird because they didn't even claim to do that
i would definitely get a sample if you're hesitant
i just don't like the packaging how i can't see how much i have left :/
enough said right there
normally i can tell in a couple hours if something isn't going to work for me
t's not a deal breaker at all
i can't get enough of this stuff.
this product does exactly that
it's exactly as it says
i can't remember the name
i hardly notice it
otherwise, i love it.
i figured how bad could it be?
i don't know how true that is
i could immediately tell my skin loved it
i don't break out
for some dumb reason i thought to try another moisturizer
it does not irritate
doesn't break me out
the area that did have it
it didn't make me break out at all
t barely feels like there is any product on your face
i cannot live without this anymore.
doesn't break me out
i can't live without using this every morning
i wasn't sure what to think of this product when i first tried it
this one did that to me
you honestly don't have to use much for it to be effective
knew exactly what she was talking about
i really don't have anything bad to say about it.
does not leave a residue either.
it's better than you'd expect.
i would recommend it to anyone.
it did not irritate my skin at all
it doesn't take much to cover your whole face
doesn't break me out.
i don't see any improvement or anything special
if you're debating it, buy it!
it just didn't do anything in terms of oil control or acne treatment for me
however, it didn't make it worse!
it's not a magic product, though
i do like this
didn't break me out
even my boyfriend begs to use it.
there's just something about this product that makes me keep reaching for it
wish it had a pump so all the bacteria wouldn't get in there
you don't waste as many
i can't go back to anything else.
exactly as the name suggests
it does not break me out
don't think i would use it during the day
i can't wait to keep using this!
this product does what i need it to do.
dare i say it's one of the best moisturizers sephora has put out there--
does have a fragrance which i didn't mind.
i can tell when i'm not using it.
didn't bring the jar because it's kind of big
that's enough for one eye
i didn't want to risk running out
so we'll see if it does preventative care
i do not have dark circles.
i really don't think it firms though.
i know she will love it
:) can't wait to try other products.
so after months of wondering what else i could possibly do with the cream
not to mention that it's pretty expensive
i think it's too early to judge
i would recommend this cream to anyone.
the product does what it claims
this particular product didn't blow me away as strongly as some of the others
doesn't take much product
it wouldn't be my only night product
it really does what it claims to do.
i can't use this every night like some people have said in their reviews
if i do this method, won't break out.
and maybe i'll let her in on this one too
after a week of using this product i didn't think it was doing anything
since i haven't changed anything else in my skin care routine i have to attri
don't get me wrong
it does what it claims
this product does wonders!
"it wasn't what i expected/didn't peel off properly/don't like that i have to water my face again
or if you're like me
this product didn't break me out which is already a plus
exactly what it's taking out of your skin
i don't think i've made a dent in what is in there
it doesn't feel like it's doing anything
doesn't leave my skin feeling like i did something harsh to it
when i do get them
final thoughts: it's not something you want to use prior to applying makeup
that's ok because i only use it at night
i don't care how much you are paying for them
i love this line in any event as it's not expensive
does what it says it's going to do
this isn't for you
you don't need a lot of product.
does not make me break out
i can say i've tried most big br
none of my products could actually take it off
the first kind i got didn't provide
i didn't want to go towards it at first
so i asked for it for mother's day.
i don't see any wrinkles so for 2 years i'd say its doing its job
then i myself actually did it
this was so brightening i could not believe it.
don't want to spend a lot
the cream does what it can
i cant speak on if this works for wrinkles because i don't really have them yet
it does what it says
it's not a miracle worker
though i can't say i've had dramatic results
i don't know why i didn't give this eye cream a try sooner
it would be a honest shame to not make this a staple product
i can honestly say this cream has done wonders for me
the cream seemed to do nothing
never did i believe this little bottle could bring me such joy
i really don't think you can go wrong
what can i say
this brand has not let me down yet :)!
who doesn't have time for that?!
it's not broken me out
it feels like i don't have anything on
i dont think it has enough moisture in it for the winter
i give it 5 stars because it does what it says!
lightweight - does exactly what is says.
t was great in the summer when i didn't need to moisturize as much
i don't clue them in
i can doubtlessly say that i love it
ever since i have been using this i have ditched it i dunno what it is about this moisturizer
tried it on my face anyway
haven't tried that one for myself to say for certain
i would of never heard of this if it weren't for the sample
perk because why not.
can't speak for that
i did not like the scent however
my eyes could not
if you are not a bothered
i rarely have skin that i would describe as "amazing" so this was quite the feat
i see no problem with it
unless i'm not putting enough on my fingers
so don't try it if you don't like that smell
i wasn't convinced that the change had anything to do with the booster
can i just say
i am not sure why
figured sure why not
this did not disappoint
if i like it this much alone
it isn't that bad in this item.
which didn't give me enough moisture
i really didn't see any different in my skin
always have been since i can remember so why not try this?
i don't know if i'm willing to pay $48 though.
still cant believe it
this did the trick.
i would not know what to do if sephora ever took it out of the collection
do exactly what it says it does.
can not say enough about it.
if you're like me
i realized it probably was that my routine wasn't getting all the makeup off
it did well for me
that may just be my obsession
t's probably good for me to not over-do it
didn't go by so quickly
thought it'd give this a go
you just might fall in love with this product as i did
it's about the only thing in my routine that i've changed
seriously you need this.
you just need this in you're life.
i can't use this every day
i wish i could though.
which i don't mind
at first i did not want to buy this product bc of the price
as i am a fan of powercleanse i tried it out anyway
never thought i would like an oil cleanser
nothing works for my acne and i mean nothing.
they did nothing to help
this cleanser did not disappoint
for someone like me who barely has a skin regimen or for someone starting out this product does wonders
i am not kidding you
my moisturizer alone could not h
i mean broke college student here.
i don't know if this stuff "changes my skin"
honestly i can't imagine my fave without it now!
i didn't see anything special about it
cannot speak as to whether it helps wrinkles or not
i didn't think it would work
honestly, $62 is not a lot of money for this.
this product did not break me out
thought i couldn't use one
all i can say that it left me flawless
not sure how the oil holds up on it's own
well, i can tell the difference with this one!
i didn't notice a smell
maybe i just didn't use enough- i found that i don't need much anyway to get a lot of coverage
no such thing has happened
was afraid it would be irritating
i actually now break out when i don't use it
that's neither here nor there
it's honestly life changing.
i couldn't live won't out this.
the only reason this doesn't get a 5 star review is because of the scent
it's not bad per say
doesn't make me breakout
i can't say enough great things about it
it also actually does seem to 'blur' my pores which i've never actually seen that effect before
you may notice it too
i suppose if money were no object i wouldn't hesitate to
i just don't think i can justify the cost
i do however love it for westernizing
it truely does work as it says it will.
but not this product!
so the price isn't too horrible
i don't even bother with foundation anymore
this product does just that
i cannot go a day without it.
i don't want it to run out
you don't need to use a lot
everything else by algenist i give 5 stars
others i can do without
because algenist does not have a lot of spf products
can't believe how amazing it is
i just wish it weren't so expensive
i can certainly see why
i never thought id find something that can control oil like this i'm
i couldn't ask for more
my friends all ask what i have on.
which i do like
love that i don't need to add spf since it's already in there
you really don't need to
i don't get burned anymore
otherwise i like it.
can't use just anything under my makeup
do not like it's pump
it is not greasy and does not make me break out.
my issue with it though is that i have to use sooo much of it in order to cover my entire face
i don't need it
i didn't think i liked it
remember do not rub!
doesn't break me out.
i actually tried it on my face
that's not a big issue for me
i truly believe for 30 dollars 2 ounces is not enough
did not burn at all
even though it wasn't my original first choice
this is the first product that doesn't!
does that make sense?
i do not find it hard to rub in
this didn't break me out
i can't get over how cheap this product is
i rated it 4 stars because i don't know what a clay mask is supposed to do
i do know that it was love at first sight
not with this mask.
the smell did not bother me like some others commented on
i know alot of reviews say the mask stinks
can't 100% tell you that it is
it does work for me, though.
i can't believe that this mask is only $20.
it doesn't bother me
i don't think it has much of a smell at all
i can honestly say it works just as good
the mask does exactly what it says
people are saying they love the smell
even with that i can tolerate all of it because the mask itself works really well
i personally didn't think the smell was that strong at all
i need to buy a backup honestly.
i don't think i've ever even used any
i love the way it changes color to let you know its done
realized it's basically the same thing as glamglow
just can't afford it
i didn't really think i'd love it
i can't say enough about this mask!
this was not a problem at all
i did the math: glamglow is $40
wasn't even going to try it until i realized i was out of my origins charcoal mask
this did just that
had to come on to let you all know!
t wasn't anything i didn't expect
you won't regret it
it's nothing that i can't get past
the only downside is that it doesn't smell too great
it's the first mask i've used that actually feels like it's doing something
quality of the sephora mask you really can't go wrong
the "what it does" description is spot on
the only thing i don't like is the chunks in it
you have to get over it honestly
i don't know if it was a chemical reaction to another product when i used it or if my skin is just being sensitive like it is with some things
can't beat the quality that goes with the price
its almost as if glamglow is the knockoff here
the smell doesn't bother me at all
you don't even need a lot
i don't feel like this mask did anything to help clear up my skin
besides that it's nothing special
does just what it claims to do.
you name it, i've tried it.
it doesn't have as many ingredients so you don't get as many benefits
get it, you won't regret it!
it doesn't bother me one bit
this product does everything it says it does
oddly enough that's one of the reasons i got it
this won't bother you as well
do consider that if you're thinking of buying this treatment
i can't tell you how much i love this product.
i know of no other product like it
the product is so good that i can ignore it
this mask is seriously everything a person could want in a container
to my own surprise it wasn't working
i decided just for that reason i wanted that product
it can't work on everyone
i hate spending a lot of money on a product that doesn't work
it didn't do much for that
the price i figured
for this price, you just can't beat it!
see if it does the same for you it's worth it to find out
i don't see how it wouldn't work 4 it
i don't really notice the smell
you can't go wrong with this one.
i wouldn't say it's a dupe at all.
lastly, it did not give me any positive results.
there is not one single bad thing i can say about this face mask
didn't use it for about a week
sephora won't let you down
does everything it promises!
they weren't that huge to begin with
all i have to say is wow
he even said to order him one lol
which i wasn't expecting
the only other thing that i wasn't crazy about was that when it dries
just kidding, but seriously!
i really don't know what the fuss is all about with the smell
i honestly can't say enough good things about it
can't wait to see what this mask does to my skin long term
you did not disappoint!
but man does it work!!
it doesn't cause breakouts when a lot of stuff has a tendency to do so on me
the product so far works, but it stanks, lol.
i can not live without this mask!
not sure if it does much for my skin
i don't mind it that much
isn't that what grandma always told you anyway?
whatever it is that's bugging you
i cannot recommend this mask enough!
just doesn't help my skin stay clear as well as i would like
i didn't give it 5 stars because i didn't think it made my skin look any different
otherwise you will lose product
i didn't notice a lasting change
the price can't be beat either.
it didn't do anything life changing however it was not bad either
i don't feel anything
than anything else i've ever used
neither of us had a bad reaction from it
not harsh at all
honestly, for the price- you.
that's not the case with this mask.
it's something like you've never tried before!
hopefully i didn't ruin it!
i want to cheat and do it more!
it does just that
i love a bit hesitant about using this mask overnight however it did not disappoint
after this mask it did not
my routine is as simple as it get because i don't have time in the morning to be doing all these steps
if you need it gone in a matter of days this is your stuff
didn't make me break out
i don't even notice the smell anymore
i do not wear make up that often
for anyone thinking about this i suggest you purchase it
this does just that
i don't see how you could go wrong with this.
i know people always say
honestly even after one use
not only does it clear
i didn't expect much from this
i wasn't expecting to like this product
i don't know what is :
i didn't have high expectations for it
it did wonders for my skin
i did not expect to find 5 star results with using this product
that has never happened
i can't believe how amazing it is
i did not break out.
cant say i would buy it.
i didn't want it to let me down
i especially didn't want to know if i had wasted my money or not
if you're still hesitant to buy this
don't get me wrong
afraid that they were going to break me out
not sure that i'd use this or any other oil in the summer
just a few drops was enough to do the trick
didn't want to risk it
i can't believe this did so much for my skin!
then you'll see what i'm talking about
i can only imagine what a week of using this stuff will do
i can't wait to find out
this is not a dud!
i only wish it wasn't so expensive
this product does what it says.
this oil does the trick for me
was afraid of using an oil
not only do i sleep like a baby
this didn't break me out at all
doesn't break me out
i can see the difference in my skin when i use it
do not hesitate to buy this product.
if you are thinking about, go for it!
everything it claims to do
if you can, try this mask!
i did not want to love it
i didn't want to love this so much due to the hefty price tag
try it, you won't be sorry!
i decided to try it not really knowing what it was
does everything it claims
all i can say is wow.
i cannot tell you in words how amazing this stuff is
all i can say is wow!
i've never found something that 'fixes' my skin like this does
this product did not irritate or bother my skin at all
i no longer have that problem anymore this stuff is amazing i don't mind the smell at all it might be a little much
i don't mind if it's going to help my skin
i must say that it absolutely does live up to the hype
i did not know the price tag
immediately thought that i wouldn't like it
i can't wait to see how i look after a few days
i would suggest this
i can't wait to see the long term results
you will not regret it.
needless to say that i've finally found a moisturizer that not only works with my skin
it's been a bit rough trying to accept this
this did not break me out at all
the results aren't great enough to justify it
she asked if i wanted to try it
wish i can afford it!
i wasn't for sure if i would love this or not
it does it's job.
i wasn't that crazy about the scent though,
don't worry- you will not carry it with you throughout the day
i wish this wasn't so expensive!
figured i'd give this a try too
i actually love it
to me its just enough
not enough to give me a headache
which i have never done with any other skin product
did not expect it to do anything because i have tried numerous skin samples in the past
it's all i can see
first let me say i didn't expect much
did not know what this was for
does exactly what i want
theres not a day that goes by where i dont use this
this is not for you
you would think it would make it "heavy"
this stuff does not irritate it at all
i can't use anything else
i can't see using this on my face for some reason
i didn't break me out what so ever
this does the job
figured what the heck
think it does what it claims to do
i don't know why people complain about this product
i can't say it helped my acne problem because i used it towards the end of my breakout period
it didn't at all with this
i didn't think it would be right for my normal to dry skin- i was mistaken
this mask actually works
that's all you need
can't wait to keep using it
you may not even need foundation after you've just used this
i dont notice any real size reduction.
i cant really say much because i got this recently as a sample
yes get on it.
it's perfect therefore don't leave it for a very long time because it's hard to take off
but you should purshase this for sure :)
this product goes a long way so the price didn't scare me away from buying the full size
i know a few others who don't like the smell.
a little goes a long way so don't let the price scare you off
does what it claims to do
i find myself not wanting to wear make-up anymore
didn't have any trouble with that with this product
i do not regret it at all
it's really not half as bad
i didn't even think i had pores until i tried this mask
i didn't think any clay mask would ever work as they claimed till i tried this one
this mask did not burn or make me break out
that doesn't even mean anything
you've got a great product here so don't ruin it
it didn't smell bad or anything i just thought i wasn't going to like it at all
i really did have every intention to hate this mask
(not a bad thing, just an observation).
t gives you the impression that it's working
it did clear my skin like nothing else ever has
while it didn't remove them all
if you are like me
not really see any results
this product did not irritate it
thought i would try this mask for a change
it's rare i still find one i don't have or haven't tried
let alone one that can impress me
clean after i almost didn't want to put on moisturizer you will not regret this purchase
let me tell you
couldn't help you there although from other reviews i have read it accommodates sensitive skin- just remember not everything works for everyone
i didn't notice any "instant" results like the name implies
i guess it did its job
i love this mask and suggest it all the time!
this mask does what it says it will
i beg of you: give this one a shot
i tell you it's barely a problem
so my 5 star rating is going nowhere
i can honestly say i've seen real results
have to say that if you haven't tried any caudalie products then you are missing out
the price is not bad at all considering how many uses i'll get out of it
it's probably only half gone
i must recommend you try this if you have skin like mine
it works exactly like the glamglow supermud
this is exactly what i want in a clay mask.
i don't have as many bumps anymore its just great
i don't know if this mask works wonders because my skin is fairly clear
which i'm not really supposed to do
i cannot recommend this enough!
i can tell a difference if i forget to use it the 2x a week recommendation
the only thing i don't like much about this mask is i don't really feel/see the results in which it states to provide
that's just me though
this one does what it says it will do.
it surely does wonders!
i really don't suffer from acne anymore (age 58).
i recommend it to everyone
they say you can just rub it in too
i can't say enough good things about this mask.
none do for me what caudalie products do
i don't really care for the smell though.
never had any bad reaction with their products
i mean good price for trying.
this has not made me any oiler either.
maybe just for the day i use the mask
this was not just for me
i love that it does the job
i only can do it in the shower
it's about what i expected
you don't need much at all for results either.
no plans on trying something else
also, you can't beat the price!
i really like this mask and it's not over price!!
can't go wrong with this mask.
i tried them all
i don't think it claims to do that
it didn't make me break out
i don't use it all over
i can't say that it did more than a drug store br
i honestly did not know what to expect.
you won't regret it
it is not - at all.
some may not like it
i don't notice any difference with lines
i literally can't believe it.
luckily i don't seem to notice it after about an hour of applying
i never have break outs anymore
i can't believe it.
he didn't seem to notice this at all
just wish the smell wasn't so horrible
i can't be without it now.
i didn't want to like this product
btw: sorry it does not smell like roses.
not that this would be remotely easy to do!
it's not going anywhere unless you do something nutty
however, i wouldnt go to bed with it on my face.
i know that it says it is to be used as a mask
i couldn't believe it was real.
i cannot explain how much this product has changed my skin
but i gave it a try and i'm so glad i did!
it didn't immediately brighten my face or do anything super special
i will say that i use this as a mask
i would give this 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
it does a good job but maybe not for $40
it doesn't break me out
i would absolutely recommend at least trying it though
it's unfair of people to say it's a terrible product just because it didn't work for you personally
i dont think i have ever seen a mask leave such long lasting results
i can't think of anything i don't like about this product
to be honest i didn't expect to be super crazy about this
not the case with this stuff...
did not have the results that this product gave me
you will not regret it!
i am so pleasantly surprised to use something that actually does what it says it's suppose to
i wanted something that would help with that
not sure about the long-term
my skin did not reject it at all
this product didn't cause any breakouts for me
it does exactly what it should
so far, it does exactly what it says.
we'll see i guess
some people may not like the scent
cant find anything i like more
why don't more people do that?
never had the guts to commit to something that hard core
for those who say it leaves a film
i guess that's just not for everyone
i don't know if it will be an issue for anyone else
i find no issues there if i am careful
it does what it claims
unfortunately i didn't see much of a difference in my skin's overall appearance
if you do not like that
i don't miss a day
they do not compare to this
my skin just does not like it
i didn't know how to use it at first
i do like this product though
that should say something about this product
i don't know what it is about this product
this is one product that i can actually say that i can't live without
what i do wear it takes off
certainly not in the eyes!
unfortunately the balm did not take all of my makeup off
i urge you to try it
the only disappointing thing is that you can't remove eye make-up with it
t doesn't bother me
till this day i don't know what caused it
the smell didn't bother me at all
i can't say enough good things!!!!
i didn't have any adverse reaction as some people say they did
does not cause breakouts.
i wish more people knew about this br
it's crazy how well this works
i would not recommend using this as just a cleanser though
my only warning is that it's so effective you may want to watch your face in sections
that being said unless you are double cleansing i don't think this product would work for you
it's on my to stay list for sure!
no matter what i tried
do not use on your eyes
unfortunately this type of cleanser was just not for me
it's exactly what i need to get started on a br
it is hardly anything
i think it's overpriced for what you get
i can't imagine anyone not benefitting from it because it has helped me so much
in my case it's a must and a winner.
i wish it wasn't $ 80
well, didn't realize this was for men.
the smell isn't what i would want
i must say...this product works wonders.
knowing i could just return it if i hated it
don't know where the oil has gone
figured i'd give it a try anyway
said it would do wonders for my skin
it is hard to tell what effect each product is having on it's own
i would not necessarily recommend this on it's own
if you're going to splurge on the line
you wont regret it!
did not break me out and not greasy.
would recommend this to anyone!
i wouldn't say it firmed anything up
why not just use your face cream?
unfortunately many products that claim to "diminish" dark circles don't do work
no matter what i tried
because it actually works!
my clarisonic for some reason could not even help
i can truly tell on the days that i don't use it.
i actually work in a sephora inside jcpennys
the stick doesn't really work for me
you will too if you use it as directed
i don't regret it one bit
i don't know how
if i don't use it i might break out sometimes.
which are so hard to he'd rid of
please never stop making this product boscia!
i didn't like how the video made it seems so easy to use
it doesn't get rid of everything immediately
i can honestly say it worked
i didn't know a thing about this product.
did nothing for me.
i could actually tell the difference
when i tell you i can't go without this cleanser i mean it
'd like to add that just when you think you're out of this product
the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the packaging
the only thing i do not care for is the twist up stick
anyway, i love this product!
i could tell they were annoying him
let it sit a bit
but do not use the cap unless you are packing it!
i don't like using it every day
i agree it can get messy
it does seem like a lot for one stick
i really didn't expect to notice such a big difference
have not personally used this
haha so i felt compelled to share this
i must say i like it a lot
the only issue i have is that you really can't use it as a stick
i cant say for sure if it was this product that caused it
why people keep saying it "melts"
it didn't work when i would try
this product does what it claims to do!
it's nothing new to me
i think it most likely is because it's working
anyway love the product
please give this a try you wont regret it.
i wasn't sure what to expect
i will try to clear up what i wondered about.
or anything that was said that could help clear my blackheads
i could not recommend it more.
they just wouldn't go away
you don't need to use much
so one bottle will last you long i guess
the only quibble is that it is kind of hard to apply
not on my face
like the others i do not use it directly on my face
if you're always on the go, this is for you.
this product does give you a 'glow'
i hate giving a product a bad review just because it didn't work for my skin type
it doesn't mean it's not good
just means it didn't work for me
i don't want to say greasy
i really can't wait until i buy the actual bottle
it works so well that i can overlook the bottle issue
that being said i can't say how it would perform on its own
i can't do without it
it's exactly what i want in a moisturizer
not only could i feel a difference immediately in my skin dryness
unfortunately it's not available anywhere right now
i hope this means it's not being discontinued!
i could talk for hours about how bad my skin was
i can't imagine ever going back
if you're not sure try a sample.
i can't imagine ever using anything else
the smell does not bother me
so not sure if there are any complications
didn't have any expectations from it
does not leave any film
does not just sit on top of the skin
did not smell it on my face
it's not too strong
you don't need much.
i don't consider that a bad feature at all
somethings which the tsubaki never did for me
i didn't notice any lift to my skin
so i never use them.
is certainly not as extreme as actually having honey on your face
so don't worry about that
yes it's pricey but if it works for you buy it!
i don't understand the complainers.
all i can say - wow.
i guess my sense of smell must not be working because i just don't get it
you won't regret the results
now don't want to go without it
figured i'd give this a try too
as it says to do
well i was wrong
really did not want to like this product
this did not bother me at all
i don't break out a lot
most people try to use little product because they want to make it last which is what i used to do
this mask is amazing to say the least.
i did not feel it burning at all
i can't wait to see what it does after long term use
not too sure quite yet.
00 on something i don't know if it works or not
the face mask i didn't even know i needed.
i can't 100% say brighter
i can't really say that anything is better than this that i have tried
i didn't use it every day
i can tell you in all honesty that in three days time
i didn't expect it to happen so quickly
please try it, it might change your life.
it does wonders for my skin.
this one does not irritate my skin at all
because you get what you pay for
when i do that
if you're debating which glamglow mask to try
yet still does a lot
i wanted to try this because of all the hype
i did not regret it
let me tell you how i used this product once
wouldn't say it helped with acne
decided why not try it too lol
it goes without saying
not knowing if it would work for me
love it, can't live without now
it does what it says
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the difference this mask makes is only viewed up close
that's why this gets 4 stars
i do love that they sell a mini for those who just want to try it
did not like not having it
you won't regret it!
had never tried anything
i can certainly see the results.
i did not notice a dramatic difference like others state on here just a softer face
this mask does everything i would want in a mask
i can't say enough about how great this mask it.
while i think they were good i could never justify the price
not too sure what to think of this smell yet
i can't believe how fast the results are!
she didn't even know i used a mask!
but let me tell you, this stuff is the bomb.
my eye area even though it doesn't recommend it
does what it says it does
i didn't buy it for that purpose
i noticed that i did have a few zits which it really didn't do much for
someone else's results may not work for them
this one definitely did not let me down
they wanted to know what i did differently.
it is important to know that this mask is not a miracle mask
this is not meant to be a stand alone product.
i can say that this product is a godsend
or else you won't keep the results
you don't use a lot
i never get any breakouts
so i use them.
you can't beat that
this product is not just for men, i love!
you will not regret it
the light scent does not bother me at all.
i bet my husband would like them, too.
if i wasn't so cheap i'd use these every second day
not at all a deal-breaker though.
let me tell you this is the real deal
well i don't know what this has
never tried anything like them before!
this product does not cause me to break out more
could not believe the diference
it does all what it says.
that's not going to happen
it did not make for some miraculous transition
there is no reason this product should leave a residue or pill up under make-up if you've used it correctly
so there you have it.
i wasn't really going into this thinking it would actually work
i couldn't comprehend that something so small
i just wish it wasn't so pricey because id use it every day
no one could believe my age.
none of them ever did what they claimed
sadly it's just not affordable for me
if you can afford it
do not have any wrinkles really forming yet
use this product if you want smooth
i can't wait to see what other products this company will make
i did not expect this to do anything
i find that i don't hardly need all the primers
i would and do recommend this to anyone!
if you flinch at the price
you shouldn't because it works plus you won't be buying all that extra product anymore
f you do have really sensitive skin this may not be the mask for you
after i tried this one i think it's my go too
with this mask you actually have real benefits.
do not let the low price fool you this stuff is amazing
please never stop making this, origins.
i see a difference when i use this versus when i don't
if you want the flawless
it isn't one of those masks that say "10-15 minutes"
not only it helps with my skin
this is a need indeed!
this does just that
what is nice that is even if i apply this mask before bed
i cannot say how much i love this mask!!
if you're on the fence about trying it
you can't beat the price point either
i didnt think it did anything to my skin
that doesn't work well
did exactly what it says it would do
since my skin is so used to certain things i wasn't surprised
which is what it's meant to do
does not necessarily prevent breakouts personally
did exactly what it said it would do.
i want everyone to try this mask!!
it never looks dull anymore
now i don't even use a foundation
this mask really did not disappoint
i honestly thought it wasn't going to be anything special
when they say retexturizing, they mean it.
this one did not
i would imagine if it got too close to your eyes it would cause some irritation
does what it says!
i can't say enough good about this stuff
the only thing is i find if i use it
not too sure why
maybe i'm the only one that happens to
honestly though, try it.
i don't know if it claims to do that
i did not find the mask difficult to remove
i can't say enough good things about this product
i would recommend this to everyone!
let me tell you i can immediately feel a drastic difference in my skins texture
i wasn't sure what to expect but let me tell you.
i will say that for those who may have dry skin this is probably not the best mask
i couldn't believe the difference after one use
i love origins products they never let me down.â¤ï¸
i feel that many facemasks can be to harsh or not do anything at all
wasn't expecting a lot from this one
i want everyone to see how even
personally, it did nothing for me.
after the mask of off it does what it said!
i am not a big fan of origins.
this mask just did wonders on my face
i could not recommend it more.
i did not realize my skin felt like s
i am not a mask person.
it didn't break me out and it smells amazing!
yet, it works perfectly and worths it.
let's just say i learned my lesson
seems to do the trick
which i didn't realize was actually drying out my face
my advice is just to make sure you don't cake it on
let's see what happens
this product does neither!
this didn't irritate at all
it doesn't make me break out
doesn't make me breakout
this however doesn't do that
this is one of the only sunscreens i have found that does not cause me to break out
i must say i love it
this is my to-go moisturizer when i don't know what to buy
it does not do anything anti-aging
i am not concern about it
wish you would reseal them shut as you do not need to use the whole thing for one night
it didn't cause me to break out
like some of the others did
i didn't expect these to work that well cause of the cheap price
wow was i wrong
they do wonders for my skin
does what it says it will.
they don't hurt the pocket either
not bad for the price
not only did i wake up with amazing skin
because i didn't want it to last too long
didn't experience any sensitivity issues.
for the price you really can't beat giving them a try
if i'm not globbing it on about 3 uses
can't wait to try the others
what do you expect?
i love it because it's not too expensive
i can honestly say i'm obsessed
can't wait to try the others!
for the price you can't beat it.
i recommend it to everyone
i think if you can get over that
if that's a struggle for you
like everyone else has mentioned
it did not irritate me whatsoever
i must say not only is this little guy enough for two uses
you can imagine my surprise when
i could have left the house just looking like that which normally i wouldn't do
t is amazing how many mask come in that container when you don't need a lot
you can't beat the price.
i've gotten a couple that weren't
i can't wait to try all the other ones
they last quite a bit if you don't go crazy overboard with the amount of product you apply
i've tried all of these and i love them.
can't wait to try more
i can't say enough about these masks
you can't beat the price
it was that or something else at the store i don't remember
although i didn't find any immediate
i didn't notice any real results with the rose mask
still trying out some of the others i haven't used yet
i do like these
if i don't use it
nothing bad to say about this mask
i've tried a bunch of the others
i don't think the necessarily do wonders
can't really say whether it made a huge difference
it did not effect my pillow case at all
does that make sense?
that's what i mean by powder
who cares about the price when it works miracles for your face
love it, doubt i'll ever try something else.
ever the skeptic i never expected this to work as well as it does
normally it's about day 7 they will start if it's going to happen
it doesn't break me out or give me any reactions at all
are you kidding me?
i don't mind it
quick so theres no excuse anymore
this doesn't bother me at all
anything else i use
i didn't have to follow up with any soap.
at least it's not a horrible smell you can't get used to
no matter what primers
i don't want to try anything else
you can't beat it
the smell does not bother me at all.
let me tell you
i used it once, but i can say i love it.
i don't know why i didn't use it before.
i don't think i will need to
doesn't break me out
why does this not have more reviews!?
you can't beat it
so maybe there's something to be said for fighting oil with oil
they all do the same thing
which is saying something
i can't remember which
does not break me out
i don't use it every day
i couldn't afford to keep on paying $30-something for it so for $18
i didn't have any side effects from using.
don't be hesitant because it's an oil!
i got it because it was cheap.
which isn't a problem for me
i just wanted to mention it
i just wish it didn't have such a strong fragrance
i don't want to be without this.
i didn't give up on it
cants say anything bad about it
i can't see myself trying another product any time soon
i could not believe how fast my eye makeup came off
couldn't believe how this sunk right into my skin
i think it's enough for me
gave it a try anyway
you should not have an issue
if it wasn't for the price
i don't care if this was $100, i'd buy it.
this is my first 5 star for a beauty product which i can't believe existed
he wants me to get this mask over any other products i've wanted
can't wait for my nice clear skin to return after 10 yrs
i don't know know how this works
didn't know if this would do anything for me
i just wish it didn't cost so much because i want the full sized one
let me just say i am absolutely blown away
it's not right for every skin type
it does what it says
you can't expect immediate results
if you want those kinds of results
this does exactly what it says.
(i'm 38 just so you know.)
because i didn't know if it would make my oily
i would recommend this for anyone.
didn't break me out at all
my skin just wasn't making any sense.
it did the trick!
i do not see any difference in my under eye wrinkles
it doesn't do anything else
the only reason why i didn't give 5 stars is because the price is a bit high for a tiny bottle
what more could you want
not because they don't necessarily work
i can actually say i have noticed less crepiness
i did not buy it cause im still trying other stuff
if i don't find something better i might buy this
for those who don't
although it does not have spf in it
'd stick to something else for the day
just like the name
one thing i do want to clarify
i do not own step 1
it's not bad, though.
it's not exactly out of the ordinary for me
little did i know that the lotion would contain more oil which my skin did not tolerate what so ever
do not buy this
you won't regret trying this amazing moisutrazer
if i didn't need spf
doesn't break me out and 3.)
wont cause any either
price isn't bad either!
i definitely recommend to those who don't want to spend much
gel didn't work for me
this did not make me breakout.
break out to just about anything
my face didn't like that
not 5 is i wish it wasn't in a jar
didn't break me out
i know it says it is only for the eye area
i cant afford it right now=
not quite wrinkles yet
not a texture i wanted
she wouldn't show me.
people ask how i do my eyes all the time.
doesn't seem to affect how well the tria works
would tell anyone to give this a chance
shouldn't really be used until it's fully charged
the tria didn't cause much discomfort
i don't need as much cover-up as i did before tria
yes, it does hurt a little-it's a laser.
i know you're not supposed to
that this couldn't reach
however i didn't get it around my eyes
i didn't think i'd see results so quickly
i usually don't buy things like this because i always think they're some type of gimmick
i figured i would give it a try
i guess that's how you know it's working
it hurts, but i don't mind it.
it didn't go away yet
i don't see any difference in the mirror
you know what i'm talking about
which didn't bother me
haven't heard from anyone
hope it doesn't die again
you're supposed to use it at night.
t is going to hurt a little
i am not sure why anyone would think otherwise.
i can tell a difference in just a week
dark circles since that's not one of the claims
i did not find it painful
i didn't notice a big difference right away
you know it's working
this didn't make me break out; either!
let me tell you
i don't think i could live without them.
i can say it really works
i didn't realize the difference until i forgot to use the drops one day
no matter what products i've tried
the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is the price
i dont think i would really get any of the other ones
how did i ever live without it?
it doesn't really effect the coverage of my foundation
or anything of that matter
wasn't too sure if i should give it a go
which isn't to say it's not a great product.
sometimes i wish my skin could just tell me what it likes
maybe it'll be a game changer for you.
i don't know if i can see any drastic changes
i don't have any specific skin troubles i can't say which product helped the most with that
never see any reaction
let me tell you.
they did not disappoint
it doesn't break me out
i will definitely repurchase for the sheer fact that they do not break me out
you can tell the difference in your skin within a week
i usually use it just as is without anything added to it
unfortunately i did not get a chance to use all of it
:/ yes, i did cry.
t's not as easy to knock over
never met a cover fx product i didn't like!
i can't afford to spend this much money only to dump 2/3
they just don't compare
so happy this is back so now i don't have to worry anymore
and it doesn't break me out.
it won't let you down
-didn't break me out.
it doesn't make me break out
not a miracle cream by any means
not only did i still have the battle of acne
wow i have to say
85 does not break me out
i also like that it doesn't add any extra oil to my t-zone
so there's no way i'd pay this price
i can't live with out it
not quite sure why it stood out
i slap this on when i don't want to run
i couldn't really tell a difference
didn't break me out
does not leave any residue
), hope this doesn't get discontinued.
if you're like me
i can't wait to try the other products.
'm not sure how it would do all over my face
it just wasn't doing it for me anymore
you can even ask for a sample at sephora if you're on the fence
you won't regret it.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
didn't break me out or make me look like an oil slick either
if you can afford it, it does do an amazing job.
this doesn't break me out
i like that it doesn't pill with anything i put under or over it
you don't need much.
which generally never happens to me
it does what it promises
that never happens when i use a product with spf!
i always have one or two blemishes at any given time no matter what i use
you can tell i do not get much rest from my face skin
this does the job
i wouldn't go another day without this product
i didn't think that i could ever have decent skin again
buy this and you'll be saying it too!
does what it claims to do
pick it up because you won't regret it!
not with this one
to think i wasn't going to believe them all.
it might not work for everyone
i cannot see them in a regular mirror anymore.
figured this would be another eye cream that did nothing that i wasted money on
can't wait to see the long-term effects.
i tell you what
this cream does do that
i didn't realize this product was so expensive
considering how long my packet lasted me i don't have any hesitations about buying it
i just figured to use the tester on him
i don't break out or anything
i wasn't.t sure of this product... i was wrong.
i wasn't sure about this product
i think i need to use something else for night time :
now it doesn't at all
i actually like it
i won't be sorry
i cannot recommend this product enough
still works but not the same.
it doesn't necessarily mean it will work for you
i always try something for a good 4 weeks before i decide that it doesn't work
i seriously cannot go without having this product
i can't live without it
i can really notice the difference when i don't use it
i am not sure why a lot of reviews say this is sticky
didn't make me break out and other options did.
i don't even scoop any out.
however this is not meant for acne specifically i do enjoy how bouncy my skin is
it was not a deal breaker for me
over all i like it
i can't live without it
does not sting when i apply it3.
i do agree that not everyone may have the same experience as me
i just can't believe the huge difference i've seen after only two days
i can't even imagine what my skin will look like after a month
i would say i have normal skin
it's only a 4 star product for me though because of the price
if you know what i mean
this is wonderful, would not use anything else
i feel like there's barely anything in there!
you don't have to use much
i've not had any breakouts
that didn't happen with this.
i never thought someone would smell my face so much
let me tell you
i just use it when i need it
you don't need much
but i do believe it works.
really wasn't expecting much
you get what you pay for
this product does what it says
i see a a difference when i use it.
i did not notice any difference in my dark circles
can't vouch for how it would work on those
i didn't see results until about 2 months of use.
maybe somebody didn't pay attention to that
it appears that it does what it says it will: "lift"
does exactly what it says it does
i didn't have to wait to see the difference
does not sting my eyes like the other reviews are saying
don't eat as well as i should
just make sure to not over apply.
i couldn't see anything at all in regards to my makeup that was applied over it
some not at all
i notice if i don't use it
i think it helps diminish those faults enough that i'm good w/ it
wow i was wrong.
make no mistake about it- i can no longer live without this
you surely cannot tell in my eyes\face
cant believe the difference.
i definitely didn't love the caudalie after the treat of using the this eye cream all week
which i hadn't really been that bothered by before
i stopped using it under my eye because it simply wasn't doing anything
that does seem to work on fine lines
i can't use it as much as i'd like to due to traveling
can't say whether it helps that as well
i didn't order another
why i wasn't sleeping enough
i did not see the "amazing results" promised
i would say this one is like the philosophy cream
it's a jar also which i like although might not.
i know others don't but i do.
didn't find it did too do much for me
you don't need much
unfortunately sephora does not sell this cream in canada
can not talk about this
i did not really like it
most things bother me
sadly, it does not.
not not this product
i love it - can't live without it.
it's not a miracle, but worked for me.
just wish it wasn't so expensive
i didn't even finish the bottle of the other stuff
i actually do see a difference after just a week
i definitely notice when i don't have it on
i cant believe it's working--nothing else i've done has ever worked
don't have any lines yet
i can see the difference
they either didn't offer what i expected or irritated my eyes
if only i could remember to use it everynight.
i would not have returned it if it did not make my eyes burn
seems to do what it says.
for dark circles i did not see a big difference
don't think that's enough time
try it if you have yet to find your hg!
just don't get it anywhere else on your face
i can tell you this work
i can feel it on all day long yet it does not "sweat" into the eyes
did not work as well as this one does
couldn't wait to get it
i can only use this at night bc it pills up a lot even when i apply a really small amount
not all the time
doesn't make me break out
so wasn't able to see any real benefit
why it's out of stock
i didn't seem to notice it after applying it
i know they do have a night one
you hardly need any
so even though it's over $50
you don't need a ton of it
i didn't give it 5 stars only because it breaks the bank
i guess you get what you pay for since i haven't found anything better
i don't know for sure if it broke me out
it doesn't make me breakout
do not buy often
doesn't seem to be causing any breakouts yet
you might like it though.
i really don't think i could live without this moisturizer
wasn't sure how my skin would respond
within a day or two (honestly!)
i am allergic to everything else i've ever tried
i can't even find the words to describe it
does not break me out.
this was one of the very few that did not
in just minutes i can't even feel the product
this seems to work the best no matter what
i will recommend to everyone i know!
wish you weren't out of it so often.dottie
i wouldn't say it is for everyday use
which i'm not sure counts
or if anything changes
i can't help it
for the price you really cant go wrong.
you don't have a lot of time to sit with a mask on
i love that you can put it on like a mask
didn't really help with any of my acne
i definitely don't want to have to do this every day
the price can't be beat
not sure if it can effectively remove all makeup
as you can imagine
i don't know if its the combination
that is not the case
these masks do what they say they are going to do
i feel like i don't need to buy any other face masks if i have these
i can tell a difference in my skin
they do not have any strong scent to them so for those of you who are sensitive to those sorts of things i would recommend trying these
i didn't expect a mask that you leave on for only a few minutes to have such an immediate effect on my skin
i did not luck out in this department
healthy i don't know how to explain it
if i find something i like
i can't give five stars because i haven't tried all of them
can't say enough good about them
i do use my clairsonic with them
i didn't really notice a difference between the formulas
at least they didn't do anything dramatically different for me
i like that these aren't on your face for a long time
f your an on the go person or don't like a lot of steps these are perfect for you
i honestly don't notice a difference between the three tubes at all
can't beat the price on these either
lets just say that this heat sucks the life out of anything
don't know how well they remove that
i would recommend these to anyone and everyone.
it was enough to thoroughly do it's job
but that doesn't stop me :)
decided i needed to try something else
not harsh at all!
when i do get it
decided to try something new which didn't work out so well for my combination skin
your going to love this if you try it!
let me tell you
nor tried a product of theirs before
i personally do not like those type of cleanser because it makes me feel like i just cannot rinse it off enough
i loved that so much i decided to try one of their cleansers
can't get enough of it!
i really like that it doesn't have a scent
not dry or tight: i will keep repurchasing it because i don't like anything else i've tried this much
i didn't get it at first just to see if my skin needed it
it actually does what it says.
i will not put anything else on my face.
i don't know how
couldn't stop thinking about this one
the product does everything it says it will so 5 stars
not breaking out either
what were they thinking?
i read somewhere that these things work
wouldn't want to use more if i don't need to.
it doesn't break me out
you name it, i've tried it.
i cannot think of it's name
i don't know if what i am seeing is the best that i'll get out of this product
i do recommend this to others.
the price is not something i am willing to pay at this time although i do recommend it
one container didn't deliver at all
i can't wait to see what my skin looks like in a few months
i don't know all that much about dmae
it's fair to say that i am addicted.
its the one thing that galls me about this company
that was all i needed to know it works
can't wait to get it
before you put anything else on
don't get me wrong
do not buy this line
i do not break out from it
it didn't seem to show much improvement
asked what concealer i use i said i have nothing on
hasn't done anything to budge my dark circles
does exactly what it promises
i couldn't wait anymore
the only reason i did not give it 5 starts is even with all the moisturizing benefits that it gave me it did nothing for the dark circles
i did not repurchase it because i need something that helps with under eye circles as well
that's exactly what it does
this eye cream does everything it says it does.
i even have my husb
no matter what i couldn't get rid of it no matter how much lotion i put on
ask if he could do one too
i know this doesn't work for everyone
god i can't live without it anymore
you'll never even know it was there
which sadly didn't work for me
because of how well it works i have no problem doing that
it did not hydrate my skin enough
however, i don't run-like ever.
as you can see
i wasn't prepared to be 'wowed' by any product
figured i'd give it a go anyway
if it didn't work out
i don't break out to it
this skin care is exactly what my skin has desperately needed
i even called off work!
this does not leave behind any weird
i can't even get over how much i love this stuff!
it is exactly what it needs
it didn't break me out
i really wish i would of bought more.
i could see a difference
this system didn't work for me
didn't realize this costs $125!!
doesn't break me out at all
the only thing i don't like is the smell.
i can not live without it.
i would recommend it to anyone!
however it did say non irritating
it's not hurting it like some
if you can afford it
sometimes i can tell my skin isn't going to like it
especially if you haven't had the opportunity to try it out like i did
i will say do not forget to moisturizer on top especially at night
this has nothing to do with this product at all
have not been able to tolerate other aha products
it doesn't bother me bc i know it's working
i did notice that if you use too much it doesn't soak in as well
i don't have many
i can't get enough of this, and yes it works.
at first i was not sure if i am gonna like this eye cream or not
please give it a try
you will love it
do not use the whole pump
i do think it helps w/bags as well although i normally do not have much of an issue w/that
fortunately mine was not broken like some people have had trouble w/on here
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is bc i haven't yet seen much for brightening
so please don't let that discourage you from the quality of the product
i wish i could help people with lancer the way they have helped me
i say go for it
try these products if you haven't
seriously do yourself a favor and switch!
just please don't ever stop making this.
i don't think i've found anything quite like it to compare
the packaging didn't really catch my eye
i can't live without it now!
it did not sting going on
i can't go a night without it
they don't all show me any actual results
i can't exactly explain why i like it so much better than everything else
this isn't quite like anything i've ever tried
t doesn't way down your face
if it doesn't break me out
you need this one
this product does exactly what it says it will do
i didn't notice any smell at all
if i weren't just testing
at that point i was seriously thinking even if it didn't do anything i would be buying it just for the feeling of slathering it on my face hahaha
not the case here.
i will not buy anything else now.
i don't think it's necessary to spend this much money on a night-specific
i really can't go on to say how much i love this cleanser
which no cleanser has yet to do
give it a try as a sample before buying to see if you'd like it
i didn't have the right kind of cleanser to use with the foreo
can't stop talking about it
like i didn't even have to put moisturizer on after
does remove everything else well
i do not find it was helping my acne much
like i do every night
i can't get enough of this mask.
i wasn't sure which mask to use
i don't find it to make a huge difference either
i know it says nothing about this in its description
i didn't get a burning feeling or anything.
so perhaps that's why i didn't have the tingling/burning effect many have mentioned
for those having reactions i just don't know i don't see anything irritating in the ingredient list
this one didn't bother my skin at all
i didn't have a complaint about this mask
i don't mind it though
this did not trigger any new blemishes
if you're willing to spend the money
yet not prone to break-outs
like everyone else, i just may purchase this.
for me it does what a mask should do
who doesn't love that?
so for the price tag it's actually decent value
who doesn't have 3 minutes to spare to get amazing results
i didn't necessarily use it as such
immediately fell in love like everyone else did
it's the first one in a long time that i want to afford for that reason
or theirs has gone bad or something
i don't know how this stuff is so light
honestly didn't care if this moisturizer worked out for me or not because i was wanting the night balm
this doesn't make me break out
i disagree with others that say this stuff stinks
it has no scent to me and does the job.
my one issue with it is that it might not be quite heavy duty enough to see me
not even a hint of it
this was a favorite until i realized that it does not have any spf
night when you are not using makeup
do not recommend using with makeup.
i can't say anything about the negative reviews because i've never attempted to use this as a day cream
frankly, i wasn't expecting to like it that much.
i did not find it to be lightweight at all
also didn't make any dark spots
i don't really expect that from a day cream
if anyone thinks this smells bad
i say give it a try to see if it works for you.
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
which is not easy to find.
i know it says it's for morning
don't know, but i'd recommend it!
i will say that i noticed it peels/balls up it you do not give it a chance to sink in
this does just that
i never review a product unless i really love them
it's not a problem at all
not sure if i want to spend $40 on it though.
dewy then do not hesitate
i cannot say enough for this product.
so you know one day i went to sephora
but it's not bad at all.
it didn't quite work for me
it didn't break me out, though.
that isn't to say that i'll stick to this
don't let that fool you
i can't quite describe what it does to my skin.
--everything that they make
can't wait to try more from this line.
all i can say is wow
she mentioned that this product would do wonders for my dark spots
this product does everything it says.
i can say this works amazing
i really can't believe how well it works.
this doesn't break me out at all
that's enough for me
i must say that it really works
i figured it couldn't hurt
it's too early to tell
it doesn't control oil as much as i would like it to
it didn't break me out or make me feel greasy at all
if you try it you going to love it.
it's too soon to say if it's helping any of my acne
not sure why people think it's so small
it's good for people who want something mild yet effective
loved that they didn't use alcohol
i can't say enough about this product
there aren't any ingredients i've never heard of or can't pronounce
i've not tried it yet
i don't want to be without this product.
nothing else in my routine today was different
could not recommend this more!
my face i thought was impossible
personally i don't like to smell like a million things
fails terribly for others
didn't really wow me
not sure why or how
i know this product doesn't work for everyone
a review will not do lapis
wanted to make sure it was actually this product before i go raving
like what are you serious.
i can't live without this.
i can't recommend this more!
i couldn't be anymore happy
i can't quite tell if it's this oil or something else
somehow this has changed things!
please give this a try and see what you think.
i can't tell how long it'll last
no matter what i'll just rebuy it
it hasn't changed my life or anything
i cannot get over how amazing this product is!
it is probably one of the few products i have ever used that actually does what it says it will do
at first i did not like this oil.
it didn't make my skin worse
i didn't see any immediate improvement either when i used in in the summer
can't believe the difference it has made
even if i love it
have never found anything that i didn't feel broke me out
though i'm not sure how it does it
it really does control oil on the t-zone
i cannot believe the difference in my skin
i did not notice a change in my acne or scars yet
thought i might cheat temporalily with herbivoce
so don't let the price tag scare you
oil thinking it would help
cannot praise this enough
it's hard to believe the difference.
if you didn't know
i don't think i will ever be without it
i just could not get rid of them
i didn't feel it was going to do much
they all do their own thing
one thing i must say
you will love it.
it doesn't necessarily prevent breakouts
i can't say enough good things about it.
which is hardly any now because i just want to show off my new glow
not only not aggravating my skin's problems
i can't get enough of it!
when i say that this is the truth
it is not a joke
it doesn't make me break out
i don't know how i lived so long without this product
so my experience may not be yours
i wouldn't say i had acne
i can't wait to try more of their products
this is the only oil i've been able to use no matter what my skin is doing
it's a huge amount for the money you pay, too.
i can't speak to the effectiveness of it reducing redness as i did not notice a change
anything will give me breakouts
i cannot say enough good things about this oil.
i almost didn't believe it
i would recommend this to someone of any skin type
you can't go wrong with any of their products
if you're like me
it also doesn't cause me any irritation or make me break out
had to stop it all because i wasn't sure what was contri
if that wasn't enough
i can't say enough about this
i didn't get any breakouts
this product will not disappoint
it does everything it is supposed to do
i really wish i had bit the bullet sooner
i can't wait to see the results after a months use
so you do get bang for your buck
it does what it says
the fact that i can use whatever is left on my h
if you're on the fence about this
this oil is so amazing, i can't get enough of it.
you won't be sorry
i decided to try something else out
you know what you are getting and paying for.
the fear that it would just make my t zone even oiler
it doesn't stay with you all day
i would recommend this to someone of any skin type
you do get a lot of product a little goes a long way however in the winter you cant use this alone or your skin will suffer from dryness
i love everything else i've tried by herbivore
the only ingredient i didn't recognize
i thinks its a nice basic oil if you don't know which to pick
i also wanted to say that i just love the smell of this oil
for those who don't
maybe this isn't the product for you
another can't-live-without product.
herbivore does not disappoint.
i must say...i love this stuff!!
not to mention the fact that the bottle looks so cute on my nightst
no matter what your skin type is
i actually wanted to try the lapis oil
people kept telling me that i don't need makeup!!
i want everything to smell like this does.
does not cause breakouts
do not let the price deter you.
it doesn't last long
i'll never go back to anything else
every time i look in the mirror i can't believe it
i cannot tell you how many times i get compliments on my skin
anyways it doesn't stop there.
consider this product to do exactly what it claims
it does what it's supposed to
not at all harsh
i honestly do think it's making a difference
hb is the first like of products i have used that don't cause me to break out
this mask does exactly what it says it does.
it's not like that
dont like smell that much but it doesn't matter.
buy it, it won't disappoint you.
i didn't think this was doing anything the first 2 times i used it
i don't think i even need my huge collection of other masks anymore
what else could you ask for?
the smell doesn't bother me at all.
if you've heard about this mask
it's probably been about the amazing results people have had concerning their acne or breakouts
my skin just wasn't the same
who would complain if it does the job
just personally i don't like it
'm not sure if it is a result of this or the other products
i don't even wear makeup anymore
i really can't believe the results
i can't get over it
it's kind of crazy how quick it works.
it doesn't bother me
i couldn't tell any difference the first night i used it
several people asked me what i did with my makeup
you've been waffling because of the price
this product did exactly that without irritating or hurting my skin
it does what it claims to
i felt compelled to do so for this product
i didn't take the mask off however
says what it does.
this didn't bother it one bit
seems that others do not
i wasn't sure if this would be able to live up to the hype
dead skin that i just can't seem to do anything about
many reiviews say that the smell is bad
i could see how some would find it off puting
this mask does not play games.
didn't think anything of it until i ran out of every other mask i had
i figured that was everything coming to the surface because of the aha
who cares if the product works
i can't say for certain that i'll buy it again based on the fact that my other products give me better results than this mask alone
can't say enough good things about this product
what more could u ask for?
i can't believe that some people actually like the smell of this because it is awful
i came across this mask and thought why not.
put this mask on anyway
wasn't too sure if this would live up too the hype
i actually like it
t really wasn't anything even remotely unbearable
i never want to be without it.
i didn't expect this product to be so effective
i will never not have this in my skin care routine
the wonders it'll do for my skin
i recommend it to everyone i know.
i didn't have trouble removing it as some people complained
purchase, you will not regret it!
the smell really doesn't bother me
it does wonders for those
i wish i could give this mask 10 more stars!
i do see why some people would like the smell
i personally am not a fan of it
not just those "i spent so much money on this it has to work" results that you convince yourself of
i want to hoard it all for myself
i didn't notice any difference at first
i didn't mind the smell
just keep in mind that this doesn't necessarily give immediate results
it does exactly what it says that it does.
its not too terrible
it's a must to do so for this one
i didn't really know what it was when i first tried it- i just kind of used it because i had it-
not sure i notice a difference
this morning i didn't experience a wow factor
i did a bargain with this
i don't regret it at all
if that doesn't bother you
have to return it because i just can't st
if it doesn't bother you
you dont need a lot!!!!
that it actually works
no matter what i did
it would not pop out
does not bother you
i did not expect such great results.
t doesn't get hard
i can't say enough good things about this product
i can't say enough good things
can't see why i'd ever stop
it didnt matter what i tried
it doesn't try out my face
it's never in stock
like it couldn't get good enough
i didn't get what it did because it didn't fade my marks
that's how i'm using it
my box did not
i can't believe my eyes!
this product does not bother my skin one bit
all i can say is wow
it's either because i feel strongly for or against it
can't wait to see what my skin does
i am telling you buy this if you are not sure.
yes it's that bad
if you're debating whether to buy this or not
it doesn't even look like i have used any of the mask yet
do yourself a favor, and get it!
it didn't bother me at all as some of the other reviews had me thinking it was going to smell horrendous
i didn't get much of a tingle
i can't decide yet if i like this better or benefit's
and you simply can't beat this for the money.
if it works or not
this didn't at all
want to try what's out there for everything
i wouldn't say it's made any changes
i must say i'm glad i did
i figured it's time to start investing in myself
maybe it's in my mind
the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is i haven't been using it long enough to say how it works on fine lines
usually i end up writing them off cause how are you gonna see results in a matter of days worth of sample
i am not one to waste
seriously if you dont do that so much product is wasted
or anything like that
i didn't even see a point in using eye cream
you will not regret buying this.
it's my new go-to for sure
i know it's going to last forever.
it does everything i want an eye cream to do!
now i can't live without
i don't know if i look younger
thank you sephora otherwise i would have never tried it
used one from lush that didn't do much
i can't say that i look younger from this
i can already tell a difference.
it is not a miracle cream
can't say enough good about it!
i don't have to spend hours searching anymore
didn't notice anything different
don't get me wrong
found that i was wasting a ton of money on products that weren't really working
cannot say enough good things about this cream!
would not make me break out
oh what a change i have seen
you really don't need much
will have to see how it does with dark circles.
it's not necessarily working miracles on my laugh lines
it does the trick for making me look not so zombie like
i almost can't believe it.
i couldn't get enough of it
i love it and can not live without it.
it does everything it claims
i love what it does to my face
i do use this every night
i returned this product thinking it wasn't worth the price because it didn't feel like it was doing enough
what i didn't like about this product was the dropper
i know it doesn't sound much
perhaps it's all the new stuff i got
i can't say enough about it
you don't have to use much
if you can afford this product
simply because it just isn't in my budget
i wanted to do something about it
i can't wait to try all their products
have no idea what everyone is talking about
personally if i could i would give this product even more stars
trust me you cannot go wrong with any of there products
they're not all the same.
don't let it turn you off
i've had so many people ask me what i was using on my face
i would recommend it to anyone
the only con i would say is the price
that's not what i want on my skin
i want the real deal
you've definitely come to the wrong br
would recommend looking into something else.
i could tell a difference in my skin
you know what i'm talking about
there is no reason to ever use anything else again
honestly i don't expect any immediate benefits from this type of serum
i don't know what to compare it to
believe me i didn't want to buy into the hype on this serum
i don't need to use foundation very much anymore.
thankfully this product does not cause me to break out
you wont notice it
you get what you pay for
how it can cause a bad reaction
therefore i shouldn't worry about the reaction of both on my skin
they always say "yes that's the smell
the fact that my husb
said he'd only let me keep it if i don't use it every day
i probably wouldn't make use of it everyday
i hate that i do love this product so much cuz now i have to spend the full price on it
however, that's not an issue now.
not sure yet what this is doing for my skin exactly as i'm on week 3
didn't feel the b gel did much
i don't even know if i'll make it that long
you get what you pay for
i got the small size since i didn't want to waste money in case it caused a reaction
i didn't see much difference after a week
i can't be more satisfied
which isn't that big of a deal
this one is no exception unfortunately
i dont know if ill ever buy the full size considering the price tho
it has not caused any breakouts for me--
it doesn't bother me at all
so this should speak to how much i love this product
because i was breaking out so much no matter what i did or used for skincare
i do not care much for foundation these days
it doesn't break me out which is a major plus
while i don't know a lot about the science behind the magic
i can't get over how obsessed i am with this product
i don't see a lot of results
so happy that that it comes without any gimmicks
if i'm gonna spend this much money on a product i have to make sure i love it first
well no super crazy changes yet
i wouldn't call it that just yet
i can't use lots of products that i have otherwise loved the results of
this is not breaking me out
i like not having to worry about bad ingredients.
he would say something
now i just don't care
i want a product that works and this does.
this is truly the only line i have ever used that did not exacerbate my issues
i honestly don't mind the scent
i still haven't run out if that tells you anything
does not accept harsh chemicals anymore
you owe it to yourself to try this
i don't know what else to say.
didn't take this with me
i didn't think i would ever find a product that i could use without irritation
didn't think i would like it
isn't that what we're paying for?
hey i am not about smell i am about results
it does not bother me
cause let's be real
i would recommend it to anyone
i would recommend this to everyone.
don't like it you can return it which i love
do the same thing
i didn't think much of it until it said it could be used as a primer
i didn't expect to like it
because i didn't like the last gel i tried
don't break me out
i personally think its actually annoying
it was a splurge that i wasn't sure i'd use
this didn't irritate it at all
it is exactly what you think it is!
i happen to like that
you'll know what i mean
i wasn't expecting it to
if not for the smell i'd give it 5 stars!
every other one i've tried is too drying or doesn't get the job done
although be careful with the amount--you don't need a lot
i don't use a lot of make up but i would rec.
nothing that bothers me though
this did not break me out
did not cause any breakouts
f you don't use water it acts a little differently
don't let that turn you off
i love it so much i can't wait to use it every day
this product does what it claims to do.
if that helps anyone
it actually did lol
that's how much i love it.
were the reason i wanted to try this--not because i thought it was in any way going to address specific concerns about my skin
what i love is it doesn't cause my face to react
i wouldn't say it helps breakout wise
don't expect it to dissolve anything
i personally don't like the smell
did not feel harsh at all
it didn't cause any breakouts.
although i've only used it once lmao it really is so good that i had to write a review
i didn't need to use as much as they suggested to wash my face
no where does it say it is one.
that's not what it's for
i love it i really wish i could get it for free
which is why i can justify the price to myself
sheetmask do the same job to be honest
i didn't see any brightening
it does not break me out at all
i don't see any progress
t can be used as much as you can st
i like this because it's so different from all the other masks out there
it did not disappoint
i wasn't expecting anything
i did not expect this at all.
i kind of hoped that this wouldn't work since it's pricey
i can say however that yes it does!
which i wasn't expecting
though i can't quite say firmer
what more can you ask for?
you don't need much.
i can't say enough good things about this product
the dropper application does not bother me.
couldn't believe the amazing results
it doesn't bother me
finally something that does what its supposed to do
i couldn't believe it
i got my mom one because she doesn't take am are of her skin
i couldn't believe it.
if you want to purchase something that truly works
i know it works because i have tried all types of products
i know you will love it
i can't wait to see what happens the longer i use it
i am not yet 30
can't afford it but i love it.
not only does it smooth fine lines
i does not disappoint me at all.
either i don't like them
go to school so let me tell you
i get really dark circles if i don't use anything
it just didn't seem to be working well for me anymore
i don't notice a difference
of using this product i actually did a double take because whoa
which is a problem that's bothered me for a long time
let me tell you- my circles are almost gone
really wasn't expecting to see much of a difference
can't tell if this will have long term improvement to my skin
i can't speak to how this balm works in the long-run
honestly i can say you really get the most bang for your buck here
this does not irritate my eyes
i don't have dark circles so can't speak to that.
did not see results as good
this does not bother me
this does not make them water at all
can't say for sure that i have seen "lifting" results
wasn't sure what to expect
not gonna lie i was thinking of returning this
problem was that it did not wear well under makeup
caudalie can never go wrong with me.
this does not irritate my eyes any further
the only other thing i will say is i haven't noticed it doing anything for my lips
i can't imagine anyone not loving the texture of this guy
i know some products don't work for everyone
-let me tell you, it was a waste of money!!
based on reviews this product doesn't seem to work for everyone
it didn't break me out
because i didn't do that at first
when i started using it i wasn't expecting much
it's not harash at all.
now i dont know what to do with the concealer
i did my research
they didn't do anything
i obviously don't see any change in dark spots yet after only one use
i would recommend this to anyone who wants to have clear skin
i feel like i don't need as much makeup either
you can't go wrong with murad!
i guess that's what it's called
i can't wait to keep using
did not create other issues
i do not use very much when i apply it
do not use it on anything that hasn't fully healed
at first i didn't see it working
i can't say more good things about it.
i mean don't skip a day of this serum it really does wonders
i did my research and decided to give it a try.
this product does what it says it will
let me just tell you
you won't see a difference right away
i can honestly say my mustache has faded
it did wonders for my skin
i cant just stop using this
someone even asked me what foundation i had on the other day
i didn't purchase the bottle because i wanted to see if it worked for me first
i can not explain how much i love this product.
i can't recommend this product enough.
something that does what it claims to do
it's does what it promises
miracles do not happen overnight.
i can't say enough good things about it.
this does not break me out at all
exactly what you would expect from this br
it does kind of come back if you don't use it consistently
it is not harsh
i couldn't believe it.
it's so amazing i could cry.
this doesn't irritate it whatsoever
give this a try if you have texture issues because i promise you this works
try it you will not regret it
that's all i can say.
i can't recommend this enough!!!
i couldn't go on using what i had been
believe me i have tried everything
not after i use this
love what it does to my skin
cant wait to see more results.
not sure how to describe the beads
it didn't at all
does not cause breakouts.
i can't imagine not using this product
did i want to spend this amount of money on this product no
i don't know when i'll ever switch to anything else
the only thing that doesn't make sense is that it tell you on the back of the bottle not to use near eyes
this didn't cause anything
it's not like magic
theres a reason why its out of stock...
there is nothing that this cleanser can't do
everything else was either ineffective
the spots have deminished so drastically that i cant even see them
miracles wont happen over night with your skin
you wont regret it once you see the results
the only reason i wouldn't give this 5 stars is because i still do have breakouts
you don't need a lot
although some people may like that
this doesn't seem to bother it
so we'll see how that goes with prolonged use
i did not think 3 pumps would effectively remove my eye makeup
i don't have enough words to say what an awesome job this did taking off my makeup
i can't get enough of this product.
you know the works
apparently this is just what my skin needed
i think i will repurchase anyway
literally there will be nothing
i cannot say enough good things about it
believe it or not
i didn't get the eye sensation as some others have
this is exactly what cleansing oils should be like
i truly did not expect to like it as much than the aforementioned green cleansing oil
i didn't expect to like this caudalie one so much
i can't get enough.
you wont regret it
this oil in my opinion is better then the others out there even if it's simply for the price
i could probably do just 1
figured i'd give it a try
i didn't have really high expectations
so that's how i use it
they just don't disappoint
i actually didn't realize what this product was.
i am not exaggerating when i say this cleanser is life changing
i've tried so many that rarely does a face wash deserve my attention
i don't know when sephora
this foaming cleanser does exactly what the description says it will do
believe it or not
i can't and will not live without this product.
i contemplated buying this for so long because i didn't want to spend the money
have it not work
i do not use this on my nose
i wasn't sure if i wanted to try murad products .
which is why i love it
this product never gave me that problem
you may not see much difference
not really sure why this has some bad reviews because i used this the night before
i could not live without this product.
i would recommend trying it
i wouldn't say i have acne.
all did not work.
still wasn't wow'd by the results
it did not "prevent" breakouts
it does not claim it either
it is a good product but cannot give 5 star yet.
it doesn't work wonders
it didn't do much for me besides take off my makeup
i didn't notice much improvement with it
luckily after years of searching for the right cleanser this seems t do the trick
i don't know why sephora doesn't carry the 12 oz anymore
could not do all 3 steps
it didn't help prevent breakouts
if u have not tried this i totally recommend this cleanser
it doesn't work for me anymore
the main thing i would like to say is that it is not your fault
never bad enough to complain about
i didn't know what to do
i seriously cannot rave enough about it.
im sure if you use the other 3 items in the kit you wont have that issue though
didn't know how to h
i tried a few things which either didn't work or badly burned my sensitive skin
this wouldn't work on me
nothing i used would clear it up
i feel that my skin isn't as clear if i don't use this product
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone who would like something that actually works to clear
not every single day unless you have horrible acne
this hasn't done that
doesn't do much for the spots
this one does it all
i would say that a majority of the people like it
it is not for everyone
perhaps they didn't wait for it to seep in completely because i didn't have that problem
can't live without this product as part of my morning
i know i should give more time
it's definitely a treatment, not a quick fix.
it doesn't really bother me
if it works that's all i care about.
not enough for concern
not only did the lines around my eyes
i am not sure how the others are using this product
so the makeup issue is not a problem
i realized you need to wait for it to feel dry before applying anything else
must not be doing something right
the other products out there are not doing what this one does
can't get enough of this!
you will love it!!
i cannot recommend this enough.
didn't feel the need to do anything to it
what can i say ?
it's exactly what i needed
it does all of this without breaking me out
which is why i didn't give 5 stars
the real reason why i'm in love with blue moon is bc it's never broken me out
this stuff is exactly what i needed
i wish it wasn't this expensive
this is why i give it a 4*
that's how i use this
didn't feel like it did much after i washed it off
it does exactly what it says it will
wasn't sure if it was up to the mark
this one is by far the best simply because it does exactly what it claims to do
i would honestly use this every single time i cleanse if i could afford it
if you didn't like that feeling try the cold water
i don't think this is to pricey you don't use a lot of product
if you're hesitant to buy this just do it
why would i do that when i have this product on my shelf?
i don't know how else to describe it.
the price point just doesn't do it for me though.
i would purchase this even if it did not
it it does the same thing
i figured i would try it
i would so recommend this!!
i found i don't need to use a lot
i like to do that since i have combination skin
i didn't want to really like it because of the $50 price point for the 3
using it exactly i would my cleansing oil
i must say that i didn't know what to expect.
i didn't realize it would feel the way it did.
thought i was doing something wrong
due to the fact that it feels like it's leaving something behind
so i didn't "properly" use this.
i know it is supposed to be a cleanser
it didn't make me break out
i probably wouldn't use it constantly like that
wish it weren't so pricey!
not for what it does or for whats in it
you do not only have to use this when you have makeup on
it seems like it doesn't do so well
i really mean that
which i usually hate doing
if you're not on a budget you might want to splurge
don't mind that it is $50
i can't say enough good things about this stuff
not a lot of product is need for it to do its job
this does not irritate my skin whatsoever
i couldn't recommend it any more!
surprised there was a product i didn't know about
just ordered this can't wait for it to come
they've never been that bad
she said it didn't work
i don't think she used it long enough or consistently enough to really tell
i love it so much i don't want to ever stop using it
i am not even gonna say anything about the price because i will gladly pay it again
couldn't figure out why
but i still gave it 5 stars for someone else.
t was not unexpected for me
would never believe these products would work for me
i wanted to try it
i didn't really notice any scent.
i can't wait to see the results in 8 weeks!
isn't that what everyone wants?
i can tell too.
the reason i was looking to find a â€œwowâ€ factor is that frankly
right now it's a no go for me
how i would look with makeup over it
the ones i've tried always seem to have that "greasy" smell no matter how much fragrance they put in it
but i still love this for what it does.
only down fall is i did not like the sponge.
even though it's kind of pricey it will last a long time because it's really not an everyday cleanser
wondered just how effective it would be
it doesn't take much product each application
the only thing i don't like about it is the smell
this product is a definite yes for me
you won't be sorry about this purchase!
i suggest that you give it a go!
not like an oil
this does not break me out
it did not disappoint
i left it on my face for 15 min it doesn't say to do so
the idea that i don't have to get any on my fingers
i wear it alone
definitely can use it alone
i don't see how anyone can dislike this product.
didn't know what to expect
it had nothing on it
:( i wish it's a half price.
you do not need to rub hard.
the only thing i didn't like about this product was that it didn't come with a little plastic spoon
didn't break out while using it
the only reason this didn't get 5 stars was because it really didn't do anything to address "visible signs of aging" as it promised
it's not going to be a time machine
i did not expect to love this product as much as i did
a colleague actually made a comment that they couldn't see my pores
it looks like i haven't used any of it
