moisturize under my eyes
rice enzyme powder "exfoliant"
i wish it was a little more hydrating because my skin is super dry
what impressed me using this cream was the lasting hydration
very moisturizing, nice texture.
during the day i use the pore perfecting water gel moisturizer
shocked at how deeply moisturizing this is!
its was so amazingly moisturizing
i found that other facial moisturizers wouldn't keep my skin hydrated
first aid beauty hydrating cream
it moisturizers very nicely
it is a very moisturizing
second it's very hydrating without being too thick
sometimes i mix a few drops into my moisturizing body cream
it's moisturizing and it is just awesome.
high-linoleic acids in them to moisturize my dry skin while not causing me to break out
it's moisturizing without being oily
this does nicely moisturize under the eye
use my clinique exfoliating scrub
moisturizes through the night.
i got the blue tube hydrating one in mine
i love this exfoliator!
moisturizers in this line
it's very moisturizing and has a nice scent.
hydrating once i apply it
doesn't need a moisturizing cream afterwards
cleansers were not hydrating my skin nearly enough
i love the murad skin soothing serum.
i tend to over moisturize with lotion to compensate for dryness
it was a nice hydrating base for my tinted moisturizer
the serum is illuminating in a moisturized way
this serum is so calming
i started using this product with the fab ultra hydrating moisturizer
it's light and very hydrating, great for summer!
it is very moisturizing
the fab coconut skin smoothie priming moisturizer
it's a gel that is very soothing on application.
it moisturizes quite nicely
since this is called the ultimate repair hydrating serum
i should mention moisturizing
hydrating in this review
which is very mattifying
hydrates my dry skin a lot
it's very calming and hydrating.
it is a clear, odorless gel/serum.
this gel-like serum helped moisturize my skin
hydrates well and is not irritating in any way.
it is vey hydrating
it's not as dense as their ultra repair facial moisturizer
works miracles overnight for moisturizing
it hydrates without making my skin oily.
this serum actually does a good job of hydrating without a greasy residue
it looks like water and is really hydrating.
i'll never use another facial moisturizing product
it is very hydrating
this serum is amazing for dry/sensitive skin.
this serum hydrates just the same
it's helped moisturize my skin.
perfect for quick morning moisturizing.
it isn't hydrating enough.
do have to moisturize after my shower
it is so moisturizing and soothing!!
but it's more like a hydrating primer.
this product seems to be a very effective moisturizer to use under my primer because it deeply hydrates
this serum is really hydrating.
the serum is really firming and hydrating.
after using this fresh serum under the fresh moisturizer it gives hydration
most serums i really need to moisturize afterwards
not only is it super hydrating
it is light, hydrating, and absorbs very quickly.
is hydrating without being sticky or oily
it's nicely moisturizing without being greasy
i like it because it moisturizes the area pretty well
this is a very hydrating cream.
its so incredibly hydrating to the under eyes.
it hydrates instantly is very creamy
it's very hydrating and a little goes a long way!
this product works beautifully to moisturize the skin under my eyes
however, it is very moisturizing and isn't tacky.
i truly love the texture which is very emollient
hydrates without being overly oily
it hydrates my eyes so well
it is not as moisturizing as i like
moisturizes without feeling greasy
definitely moisturizes with being too heavy
moisturizes the skin perfectly
it wasn't hydrating enough for the winter
this moisturizer feels light yet moisturizing
murad perfecting day cream spf 30 hydrates my skin without making it feel greasy
i love how moisturizing it is.
not sure if it's moisturizing enough for the winter
it's very moisturizing for my fair
it definitely moisturizes really well!
however, it wasn't as hydrating as desired.
hydrating without being greasy
it is hydrating as well
the essential-c moisturizer is a very lightweight lotion
moisturizes all day long
this is one of the only spf lotions/creams that rehydrates it
hydrating with a great clean smell
i love the nice moisturizing
this moisturizer absorbs fast.
is that i do feel it needs a bit more of a moisturizing effect
the moisturizing is incredibly hydrating
when i wear a night cream that is too thick or too moisturizing
they aren't moisturizing enough
the murad night cream is moisturizing
i feel like its just really hydrating too.
i didn't find it hydrating
moisturizes at the same time
i also exfoliate with a clarisonic before applying
my skin is moisturizing
it moisturizes really well
it moisturizes my face really well
i need rich creams
this is a revolutionary gel type moisturizer that truly hydrates like a heavy cream
this moisturizer is the most hydrating!
too moisturizing for a day cream.
this hydrates all day without being greasy.
very hydrating for my dry, sensitive skin.
it moisturizes the skin like no other.
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
works wonders for moisturizing under my eyes
luscious eye serum that hydrates eyes
i feel like it's a very gentle retinol
it is very moisturizing
this is so moisturizing
this is a gentle yet effective moisturizing mask.
extra repair moisturizing balm
this is a wipe off mask that is exceptionally hydrating
this is an ok exfoliating cleanser for sensitive skin
i really like this exfoliate.
it is definitely an effective everyday exfoliator
i like that it's packed with enzymes to exfoliate
not only does it help moisturize
it had some exfoliating granules
exfoliates my skin without over drying
too pricey for just exfoliating though.
also says it works great with the exfolikate exfoliator
thought this was a gentle exfoliation similar to the exfolikate
this exfoliating treatment is gentle enough to use daily even on somewhat sensitive skin
the exfoliation is gentle
the hydrating acne spot gel
i still need to use a moisturizing oil after cleansing
twice a day with an exfoliating sponge
this is a cream cleanser with exfoliating properties
mild exfoliation as well
this cleanser always feels very exfoliating
if you are not exfoliating then
it's still gentle exfoliation only
exfoliating particles are really fine
i am very very picky with skincare
it was purifying yet hydrating.
it hydrates my skin
i always moisturizes after
i do exfoliate 2x a day
that's the cost of how hydrating it is
it hydrates my skin so well without looking greasy
this is the only face lotion that i've found that hydrates without breaking out
/or have the time to prep well before moisturizing
everyone forbids moisturizing oily skin
i love this because it's very hydrating
finally a moisturizer that hydrates
this moisturizer seals in the oils
that has totally changed my moisturizing experience
good for a moisturizing primer!
it instantly moisturized my combo skin.
hydrating, moisturizing, and makes my skin glow!
very hydrating and rich formula.
love this product for a night-time moisturizing cream
it hydrates well, but still feels light.
it immediately hydrates and is long-lasting.
low for a good facial cream
it is certainly is moisturizing
this is a super hydrating night cream
this melts into your skin for all day soft moisturizing effect
this hydrates my face perfectly
this cream is dimethicone free
moisturizes my skin beautifully
it moisturizes my skin perfectly
if it hydrates my dry
this stuff is so moisturizing it's just amazing
its super moisturizing but not oily and heavy.
the formula is aerated
my all time favorite hydrating face mask
i look forward to using it as an alternative to moisturizing cream during the dry winter months
this masque is very soothing
silky for a gentle hydrating experience
the best moisturizing mask i've tried.
it's going to be my new exfoliating treatment
my skin is exfoliated
2, the exfoliation feels really good.
once you moisturize it feels amazing
it is so gentle but exfoliates very well.
the exfoliation was amazing
this really exfoliates i love this so much
the exfoliation is gentle and not irritating.
this is a nice exfoliator
it exfoliates very well
really needed to moisturize afterwards
they get the exfoliation job done
it is a great exfoliator
this is a great exfoliator
such an amazing exfoliator!
i absolutely love this exfoliating mask!
exfoliates and soothes skin at the same time.
i love any thing exfoliating
it does a great job exfoliating my skin
the exfoliate is gentle on the skin
i think i'll switch to a more moisturizing face cleanser
lightly moisturizes at the same time
this face wash is moisturizing
provides a nice clean pallete for my daily moisturizing routine
this is not an exfoliating cleanser
it also extracts blackheads and impurities well.
this exfoliates your skin
moisturizes skin at the same time
have skin that is super sensitive to retinol products
it hydrates my skin so well
leaves my skin glowing with a slight moisturizing effect
the serum feels nourishing
it hydrates my skin pretty well
it's so moisturizing and revitalizing.
especially after putting a light coating of moisturizer
use it day and night before moisturizing.
it is so moisturizing and hydrating.
it is very hydrating
already own the hydrating oil
i love it as a cuticle balm!
is awesome for hydrating cuticles
it is great for on-the-go moisturizing
works really well for hydrating dry, winter skin.
s for overnight moisturizing
i like how it hydrates my skin, nails & hair.
milk's face gloss or their hydrating oil stick
this multipurpose oil hydrates
use with a high hydration face cream
the hydrating oil stick alone
the cooling water is more of a moisturizer
it is def moisturizing
it's super hydrating for the harsh
it is very hydrating
this product is extensively hydrating
hydrating oil-based stick
this really hydrates your skin
which will be the true moisturizing test
it is very hydrating
super moisturizing for my dry skin.
the oil itself is very hydrating
i love using oils to moisturize instead of creams
it hydrates your skin
this was good for hydrating
hydrating for my skin
seawater, caffeine- infused gel stick
it is moisturizing enough for me
it might not be moisturizing enough for people with dry skin
it was surprisingly hydrating
moisturizing the parts of your skin that need extra moisture at times
it is super moisturizing
it also moisturizes my skin
moisturize my undereye area
it hydrates my skin
this product has retinol in it.
that is to speed up cell turnover while moisturizing
i try new moisturizers and serums constantly.
this hydrates without being oily
so moisturizing is critical for me
a good moisturizing night cream
this lotion moisturizes my skin without causing breakouts
it hydrates my skin in the winter when it is dry
it is moisturizing enough to prevent dryness
this lotion is smooth
it's very moisturizing without being greasy.
this moisturizer keeps my skin moist without oiliness or breakouts
hydrating enough to protect my dry/combination skin
this moisturizes without making my oiliness worse
it moisturizes really well
this lotion hydrates your face without making you look greasy or increasing acne
so much as a skin hydrator
also very hydrating wtihout feeling like a "moisturizer" does on problematic skin
this is the perfect combination of acne control with hydration
it fully moisturizers my dry skin
it hydrates really well
super hydrating at the same time
i used this with the hydrating face mask
antioxidant-enriched spray toner
hydration mist since the ingredients are essentially emollients
marine algae complex is a great moisturizer.
it really helps to prep skin for hydrating masks
hydrates at the same time
hydrates as it cleanses
sometimes it dries out my skin so use a moisturizing cleanser
very moisturizing to the skin
the gel is pleasant
i like the marine mist and the moisturizer.
trying out their hydrating skin saver set
it was slightly less moisturizing than tatcha
moisturizing and all around great cleanser.
i do not have to exfoliate
i may need a different cleanser that's more moisturizing for fall/winter
it is very detoxifying
its moisturizing and very gentle.
it's a very lightweight gel-textured cream
this moisturizer is an extremely lightweight creamy gel
it is a lightweight non greasy moisturizer.
this moisturizer helps my skin to retain moisture without adding extra oils to my face
this emulsion is amazing
moisturizing my very complicated skin
my skin feels perfectly moisturizers
very effective at moisturizing
it's so moisturizing i feel like i finally have that dewy glow
it's not super moisturizing though
it is extremely moisturizing
to those with extremely dry skin that need a little pampering indulgence
this is super moisturizing.
this product is the most hydrating i have ever used
luxurious hydration without cheap mineral oil
the oil extremely moisturizing
i love facial oils
i often skip moisturizing
hydrating, brightening, naturally derived .
i can safely use my exfoliating products in winter without redness or chapped skin
i started mixing in a few drops with my retinol cream before moisturizing at night
this moisturizing oil leaves my skin silky smooth
i don't find it to be super duper hydrating on its own
i tried different products that claimed to be hydrating
i find at night it's not moisturizing enough
this oil is so moisturizing without being greasy
add this to your moisturizing routine
the 3 drops has been moisturizing enough
i've tried lots of different oils since i prefer facial oils to lotions for moisturizing my face
step 1 feels so smooth and hydrating.
moisturizing, anti aging and not oily!
feels after applying this gel-cream
the rainforest of the sea™ drink of h2o hydrating boost moisturizer is my favourite moisturizer so far
this is a nice gel moisturizers
it hydrates my skin so much
this is honestly one of the only moisturizers that truly hydrates my skin
simply a good and hydrating moisturizer.
when i moisturize too often
it feels so hydrating
this product moisturizers my skin
it is super hydrating
this hydrating boost moisturizer is the best for acne
it is not super moisturizing
not typically into gel moisturizers.
this is super hydrating
it smell and hydrates my skin amazing
this moisturizer does moisturize
this moisturizer is super hydrating and light.
hydrates any dry spots i have from acne creams
i moisturize with this every night
it's so hydrating but light weight.
it hydrates but doesn't make me oily.
yet it moisturizes so well
this product is gel like in texture
doesn't over exfoliate, leaving skin soft.
this cleanser hydrates my skin
this product melts off a full face of makeup without robbing your skin of its essential oils it is very moisturizing
the seaberry moisturizing face oil have nothing short of fantastic
being a huge fan of fresh seaberry moisturizing face oil
finally exfoliate with this
the matching seaberry moisturizing oil is great too
since this is very moisturizing i only used it at night after cleaning my face or exfoliating
i also absolutely love how moisturizing this is without making my face oily
this is a very luxurious moisturizer!
this cream is very nourishing
it does moisturize my entire face
this product provides super hydration
will continue to use this product as an occasional hydrating treatment
i found this cream to be extremely hydrating without causing any breakouts
it had a good, hydrating effect.
moisturizing quality to it that makes my skin feel instantly refreshed
it is light yet perfect hydrating
moisturizing quality to it that leaves my skin feel instantly refreshed
the texture is so hydrating
t's hard finding a product that moisturizes
provides firming while not over-moisturizing my t-zone
it is definitely very hydrating by my standards.
they did not feel extremely hydrating
these are super hydrating and feel amazing!
this product moisturizers and leaves skin smooth.
light and nourishing for the skin.
it's still moisturizing enough for me
really hydrates my eye area all day
it is light but very hydrating.
it moisturizes well throughout the day.
this stuff is seriously hydrating
i like how the gel hydrates and cools my skin.
super hydrating and calming for my eye area
hydrating without being too oily - loved this!
feels soothing like a cooling gel
loved this eye gel -- it's very hydrating.
hydrates without feeling all greasy
this is a nice mild eye cream that hydrates
very refreshing and hydrating for the morning!
moisturizers while it works
the gel formula feels refreshing
very moisturizing and helps with puffiness.
super hydrating under the eyes
it is very hydrating
it moisturizes my dry skin
i liked them because they were super moisturizing
nude skincare delivers results
this product is very moisture.
a light exfoliator after to prep for skincare
this is a great emulsifying cleansing balm
super hydrating and light on the skin.
it smells good and is moisturizing.
have countless high-end moisturizing products
it truly moisturizes and softens skin.
it is super moisturizing without being oily in any way
it is so hydrating
i wear as an overnight hydrating mask
moisturize right before bed
this stuff is so hydrating
it very moisturizing over night
it hydrates really well i use it every morning
moisturizes like a heavy lotion
hydrating without being too thick or sticky
is super moisturizing with a faint
hydrates my really dry skin in the morning
it absorbs quickly, yet moisturizers very well.
it is unscented and absorbs so fast.
it moisturizes, but is still lightweight.
i don't find it hydrating though
guess it exfoliates too?
am always relieved to find a product that hydrates
it's just moisturizing enough
it's definitely moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
the moisturizer was not as hydrating as i hoped it would be
this product does what it says: hydrates skin
the moisturizer is super lightweight
easy to use, great packaging and very hydrating.
the hydrating moisturizer leaves skin glowing
i really love this product so much for its hydrating results
the product was hydrates
it gives a really pretty hydrating glow
it could have been a little more moisturizing
moisturize your skin at the same time
i really liked this product as it is super moisturizing
it does an ok job of hydrating the skin.
it does an ok job of hydrating the skin.
it is very moisturizing and lightweight.
not only does it moisturize
i wouldn't say that it's very hydrating
its not suitable for super oily skin since its highly moisturizing
it goes on smooth & is hydrating.
other than that the product was very moisturizing
it did feel really moisturizing though
it felt incredibly moisturizing once i applied it to my skin
it's very hydrating as well
i throughly enjoyed the hydrating aspect of this product
it's also very hydrating for my very dry skin.
i love the finish and it is very moisturizing.
this cream is very highly pigmented with a great deal of shimmer
very moisturizing and a great base for makeup.
it's extremely moisturizing as well.
if i were to rate the hydrating level of this cream i'd give it a 6
it's hydrating at first
it's truly a gel/cream
the cream itself is very hydrating
it moisturizes my dry skin
i love this product and it's very hydrating.
used many moisturizing creams for my 45 year old drying skin
for my current needs it just not quite moisturizing enough
fourthly, it really hydrates your skin!
hydrating deeply without feeling greasy or heavy
this moisturizer is so hydrating
this product is very hydrating
it's so hydrating and makes my skin feel so soft!
i've tried many different moisturizing creams
this is one of the best moisturizers i have used for the daytime it is still hydrating
i love this moisturizing cream
these moisturizers tend to not provide enough moisture for my skin
really hydrates my skin after the shower
rose deep hydration face cream feels so refreshing when applied
is a light to medium weight moisturizing cream good for somewhat to medium dry skin
it is super moisturizing and goes on so smoothly.
this cream is so rich and hydrating, i love it.
finding a moisturizer that was hydrating enough
moisturizes without being greasy.
super moisturizing especially on my cheeks
offers intensive moisturizing for a relatively light weight cream
its hydrating enough to put as your night cream
sooo hydrating, skin feels amazing!
this is a very good face cream for moisturizing.
did i mention hydrating?
this will be really hydrating
i would suggest pairing this with an oil underneath or a hydrating serum like caudalie s
it moisturizers my combo/somewhat dry skin well
gel formulas don't moisturize enough
this definitely hydrates my skin
yet it really moisturizes your skin
best hydrating moisture ever
it was a gel-cream
it's super moisturizing without being oily.
this cream feels so luxurious- it's rich enough to hydrate my face
the moisturizing effects very noticeable without making me oily again
love this rose deep hydration cream
love the way this cream moisturizes!
this eye emulsion is incredible.
it is ultra moisturizing with a silky
hydrates eye area morning
this gel is great for oily skin.
this hydrating gel is perfect for oily skin!
the best moisturizing combo i've tried
i love gel moisturizers
great light weight hydrating serum that isn't sticky
really like this hydration gel.
top with an emollient moisturizer!
this is very light weight hydrating gel.
sometimess at night with my rosehip oil
this serum/gel is geared towards more oily skin type because apparently others say it isn't hydrating enough for dry skin
i mix it with marula oil for extra moisturizing effect
need something that's moisturizing
the serum is hydrating
i moisturise with oils
i know some others say it needs to be layered with a cream or another hydrating product
this is a very lightweight gel
creating a truly moisturizing velvety mixture
the feeling of greasy lotions
this is really hydrating, i love it.
find that both products hydrate
not hydrating at all
it feels very hydrating
this product is a wonderful fragrance free hydrating gel
this is very moisturizing
it is so hydrating!
the hydration gel has a silky/watery feel
this has been amazing at moisturizing my skin without leaving it with a sheen
it hydrates but doesn't leave skin greasy.
hydrating serum that balances the skin
does a great job of moisturizing my hard to please dry skin
i feel the natural antioxidants make my skin more elastic
it isn't hydrating enough for me as a st
drying skin this winter called for something intensely moisturizing
it works wonderfully as a mixer with any other moisturizer for an extra boost of added benefits/hydration
it definitely needs help from my hydrating toner to be effective for winter
i find that i'm not exfoliating as much
this isn't as hydrating as i expected
it's very hydrating and leaves my skin so soft.
it's only lite moisturizing
i love the gel cream texture
hydrates my skin so well
this product hydrates just enough that it provides relief to dry areas
while it's not the /most/ hydrating thing i've ever tried
it may not be the most moisturizing product out there
the gel is what hydrates the skin while a moisturizer protects it
works great with the philiosphy microdelivery exfoliating face wash
moisturizes without being greasy.
also moisturizing daily i would break out horribly
i've used the following: korres pomegranate gel cream
it's light, airy yet very moisturizing.
it was incredibly hydrating
i love the texture of the gel cream.
thought it would moisturize my dry skin well
highly recommend for detoxifying and purifying.
instantly feels like a great hydrating mask
it's not hydrating in anyway.
the gel is cooling
this eye cream is hydrating
it is not very moisturizing
this gel cream is light
still packs a moisturizing punch
this lotion is more like a very lightweight liquid essence
really hydrates while toning the skin
it's essentially a moisturizing toner that smells great
so moisturizers are often too oily
this lotion is very soothing
i am really enjoying the effects of this toning moisturizer
super light weight and is pretty hydrating too.
i found this product to be very hydrating without being heavy
i found that moisturizing creams are too heavy for my face
moisturizing at the same time
unique lotion that is very hydrating
it's not overly moisturizing
before applying a moisturizing oil
hydration to my face while using this serum
moisturizes without leaving my oily
i put this on after my hydrating primer
have the korres cooling gel
this product is by no means moisturizing at all.
the gel itself is gentle to my skin.
it's hydrating enough for the day time
it is moisturizing too.
i find this very moisturizing and calming.
very moisturizing but no greasy or thick feeling.
it's very hydrating and brightening.
it is wonderful layered with other hydrating products
common misconception is that moisturizing creams don't belong on oily skin
this cream is not only hydrating like no other
it's not the most moisturizing cream out there
most moisturizers say a drink of water for you skin
i finally found a hydrating moisturizer for my combination skin
this cream is so hydrating
more hydrating than the tatcha water cream.
very hydrating and feels lightweight.
light on the skin, but very hydrating.
i usually use fractionated coconut oil or argan oil to moisturize
i found this light and extremely moisturizing.
fell in love with how hydrating
this cream was super hydrating
lancer exfoliating face wash
i usually spritz with a facial water
i recommend it as a day cream that exfoliates while working to hydrate you under make up
super hydrating yet lightweight.
this cream has decreased my sebum production while plumping
knew it would be moisturizing
it does a nice job hydrating my skin
i think it might be the exfoliate enzyme it contains
it was very moisturizing
i spent a long time not moisturizing at all
then the yuza sorbet emulsion
before your thicker moisturizing cream
lightweight moisturizer absorbs wonderfully.
doesn't absorb moisturizer very well
using the serum with a clairsonic provides just enough exfoliation to keep pores unclogged
not overly moisturizing, which i like.
clarifying lotion were drying my skin too much
the serum has a gel like texture that absorbs well
i appreciate the deep exfoliating
aloe vera and essential oils were not helping.
it is super hydrating and feels lovely.
it moisturizes my skin without making it feel oily
super hydrating and i use it every morning.
it's like the perfect moisturizing water
moisturizes like a regular cream
it makes for a great moisturizing primer with a unique texture
moisturizing without being greasy or leaving a film on your skin
it is not super hydrating
they said it really helped with moisturizing
i love how light yet moisturizing this stuff is.
this was hydrating enough
it's moisturizing but very light.
very hydrating to my very dry skin
many moisturizers are heavy
one that gave me emollients
it's hydrating and quickly is absorbed.
left it very hydrating
it's very hydrating and lightweight.
this stuff hydrates even that
not too heavy yet hydrating and refreshing.
light weight, but ultra hydrating!
light weight and very moisturizing.
it really feels moisturizing
really hydrates my super dry skin
giving the perfect amount of hydration to normal/combo skin
its so light way but crazy moisturizing.
it's like a cooling gel/ cream hybrid.
hydrates while keeping me matte
it isn't too intensely hydrating
whether it be hydrating or balancing
it's so lightweight but incredibly moisturizing.
it is definitely hydrating
this serum is a very light, jelly-like hydrator.
this is my first hydrating serum use
i will definitely be adding a hydrating serum into my routine
i also tried out the new deep hydrating cream in the jar
it was too hydrating for me
i've used other retinol eye creams
what i do like is that it's very moisturizing without being greasy
don't necessarily need too much moisturizing
positively love this moisturizing oil
it absorbs quickly and really is moisturizing.
this oil is super moisturizing.
it's added a new layer of moisturizing to my night time routine
it instantly moisturizes and nourishes.
have rich deep moisturizing abilities
i don't use it every night as i have other hydrating moisturizers
as a skin-product minimalist i don't moisturize or use a serum after
i just apply my moisturizing foundation over it
greasy for a moisturizing feeling
the facial treatment essence
it is intensely hydrating
would recommend it to all my beauty addicts out there…happy hydrating
super hydrating moisturizer ever
i exfoliate my face quite often
the oil is very moisturizing yet does not stay on the top of my skin
this is the best moisturizing face oil that i have used
i just love how this treatment oil is so moisturizing without feeling heavy
it hydrates without feeling greasy
this is so moisturizing i don't need to
this moisturizer is very hydrating
this has been the only one that moisturizes
love how hydrating it is
i really like this gel moisturizers
a good moisturizer/skin treatment
it definitely is hydrating
it has a creamy cooling gel texture
this has a gel texture
hydrating for my oily skin
i love how light, yet hydrating this product is.
because it's an emulsion
it also has a nice moisturizing
this is also hydrating for me.
great to moisturize under the skin
its not overly moisturizing i still use my amourpacific eye cream
it is very hydrating
i'll layer with another moisturizing eye cream if needed
i can literally hydrating
it's not super moisturizing
unlike other eye balms that do littlte to moisturize
i would like it to be more moisturizing
it hydrates my eyes too
hydrates my skin perfectly
i really love this product it hydrates my skin so well
moisturizing without feeling too greasy or tight
it gives a nice, gentle exfoliation.
ordering the exfoliating water now!
i find this to be a good lightweight hydrating moisturizer for daytime
milky serum/lotion that my skin just drinks in
it's very light yet somehow moisturizing enough for dry-leaning skin
this product is very moisturizing
the way it moisturizes my face
natural oils in this lotion and so affordable!
it hydrates my eyes while being so lightweight
this oil has been moisturizing without being too oily
it's very lightweight for a natural sunscreen
i love this product for it's moisturizing effect
not only it is incredibly hydrating
this layers wonderfully over serums
i found the clinique is not moisturizing enough
although it is more moisturizing than the clinique
it's a comfortable gel cream
hydrating my skin very good
it gives you a beautiful exfoliation
it's basically a light exfoliant that tones
smooth skin after the shower with no harsh exfoliating necessary
it exfoliates your skin very gently
it firmed my entire face while moisturizing
moisturize then jelly pack
it's definitely not as moisturizing as a regular moisturizer
this product are best for: really hydrating dry skin
it's a nice hydrating feeling
it's the best moisturizing primer i've tried
so hydrating skin care
hydrates my dry skin
light but hydrates very well.
very hydrating, it grabs foundation so well.
moisturizing, hydrating at the same time.
it really helps to exfoliate
the purple one feels more moisturizing
the combo has moisturized
this moisturizer is super super hydrating.
this also contains tons of antioxidants which are very good for antiaging
it's very hydrating and cool and jelly.
not greasy and very hydrating.
it cleans while hydrating the face.
use it at night after i exfoliate
probably more so from exfoliating first
i will stick to my hydrating masques from kiehls
it also exfoliates my skin
the moisturizing feel it leaves on my skin
it is a purifying and moisturizing mud mask.
very moisturizing without a greasy feel.
i would compare the consistancy to a lightweight hydrating primer
avocado oil for hydration
moisturizing without being greasy.
find it to be perfectly hydrating
it hydrates my skin without feeling greasy
it's hydrating for my dry skin
this cream is super hydrating
shea and squalene are hydrating without clogging.
its so hydrating and not greasy at all.
because of the moisturiser not being "super hydrating"
it's oil free yet hydrating enough for my combo skin
i often find that oil free moisturizers aren't hydrating enough
hydrating for dry part /combination/oily
creates a breathable smooth canvas on my complexion as my daily moisturizer
hydrating, but not heavy.
this one is absolutely amazing for hydrating
it's highly moisturizing without feeling greasy.
lightweight yet moisturizing and plumping.
loves it.. so lightweight yet moisturizing!
this cream is not only very very nourishing
it is extremely nourishing.
it is highly moisturizing
this is so moisturizing
keeping all of the antioxidants right on place
i only wish it was even more moisturizing
then it is really hydrating
i turned to use this cream with drunk elephant's hydrating serum together
while at the same time moisturizing
its very moisturizing, but lightweight.
its very hydrating without being greasy feeling.
this product is a thick creamy moisturizer that deeply hydrates
it feels like it's really hydrating my skin while also being a great moisturizer to prevent further moisture loss
it is super hydrating, smoothing and plumping!!
i usually stick to lightweight gel moisturizers
then bought lala retro whipped cream for moisturizing the damaged skin
this cream is moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy
still manages to moisturize so well
this cream is so light but moisturizing.
this is wonderful in conjunction with a hydrating serum for day
this is so moisturizing
hydrates and makes your skin look incredible.
it's hydrating yet clears up blemishes!!
it also does not moisturize that well
i think it does a fine job moisturizing
i don't need excessive hydrating
never react well to moisturizers
it is moisturizing enough for my combo-oily skin
it smells great and moisturizes my dry skin.
i like how moisturizing this is
moisturizes just fine for day time!
great moisturizing without leaving me oily or breaking out my skin
it moisturizers my skin nicely
it does moisturize the area well
hydrating and it smells really good also.
it is also super hydrating which is a nice added benefit
really moisturizes my dry areas
works better than a lot of hydrating serums!
it really does moisturize without making my skin feel oily
this uses a combination of jojoba
it really is hydrating on the skin
rosehip always worked well with my skin
while it is quite hydrating
works great when you pair this with the clinique moisturizing gel
foams best if used with a exfoliating pad.
while washing it off it has a really gently exfoliate
that just means more exfoliating time
that's a truly awesome exfoliator
the exfoliation part left my skin super soft.
it is very gentle for an exfoliating wash
overall it's a decent exfoliating wash
the exfoliation was good
it gives just enough exfoliation
works as a great exfoliant
i really like this exfoliating cleanser!
this helps scrub the dry skin flakes away while moisturizing my face at the same time
exfoliates in one step
the size of the granules to exfoliate the skin
like to exfoliate my skin regularly
it's perfect for every day exfoliation!
the exfoliators are pretty gentle
so this gentle exfoliant is really great.
i feel like this combines the awesome exfoliating of the 7 day scrub
as i feel it would be easy to over-exfoliate
as i was told it hydrates to offset the exfoliation
it's a great 2-in-1 exfoliating cleanser
it has exfoliating beads in it
gentle, yet incredibly effective exfoliator.
anything i use to prep my skin for the day has to be hydrating
however it not moisturizing enough to wear alone
it does a great job of hydrating
*matte* moisturization is the key here
it's not even a moisturizing primer.
it's not overly moisturizing
this is more hydrating
is moisturizing without being oily
it's just really hydrating
feels nice on my skin and is very moisturizing.
light weight nourishing cream is light
it is very moisturizing to my skin
moisturizing though for the entire day
it just hydrates for me.
nothing seemed to soothe or moisturize my skin enough
she loves that it is extremely moisturizing
however this moisturizer is very creamy
it's extremely moisturizing and smells amazing.
very moisturizing especially for my dry
fresh rose hydrating eye gel
amazingly hydrating with quick absorption.
it's really hydrating and a smooth texture.
it feels sooo moisturizing and soft.
moisturizing enough to use as a night cream
it is incredibly moisturizing
the cream is very moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being heavy
i love how moisturizing it is.
i love lightweight moisturizers
with an essence lotion
extremely moisturizing, but can clog pores
it moisturizes my face so good.
very hydrating and doesn't irritate my skin.
i must say it does well at moisturizing skin
it is good for cuticles
i find this one much more moisturizing
hydrates without feeling heavy
clarins hydraessential cooling gel works just as well for $48
one pump of this moisturizer will hydrate my face
although this is marketed as a moisturizer/skincare product
think exfoliating is important to allow the penetration
purify, exfoliate and hydrate morning and night.
has a greasy texture but it does moisturize
provides a strong healthy moisturizing glow
this hydrates just enough to quench my skin
it does moisturise well
hydrates to keep my skin moisturized
this water gel moisturizer definitely leaves a dewy
it is pretty hydrating for something that claims to keep you matte
it moisturizes my dry cheeks while keeping my t-zone matte
it's like a blast of hydration!
this gel is great!
so refreshing to have a moisturizer for oily skin
fresh rose hydrating serum
it's such a fast-absorbing toner that moisturizing my skin super well in the fall
this is a great soft exfoliating product.
i love this exfoliator.
exfoliation is super important in my skincare routine
i find this exfoliating cleanser to be very gentle
best exfoliator on the market!
it provides great exfoliation
it's textured enough to offer the perfect exfoliation
i feel like the exfoliation really preps my skin for the topical treatments i wear
has just that right amount of exfoliation.
the exfoliation is so gentle for sensible skin
the exfoliator isn't too harsh
i usually use the josie exfoliator
perfect amount of exfoliating goodness
exfoliate to get the dead skin up
the exfoliating beads are perfect
this is great at exfoliating your face
it exfoliates the skin very well
loved the fine exfoliation
the exfoliant is very fine
it is very gentle with loads of exfoliating effects
the exfoliating particles are the perfect texture
it is a physical exfoliant
really exfoliating but not harsh.
it gives a nice exfoliation
effectively exfoliate the skin
this is the perfect amount of exfoliation
needed an exfoliator that wasn't harsh
the exfoliation is too strong for my skin
love the exfoliating and cleansing in one.
it exfoliates without being too harsh
this is a gentle yet effective exfoliating cleanser that's super easy to use
you can really feel the fine exfoliating grains polishing the skin
it cleans and exfoliates well.
this exfoliating stick is amazing!
the exfoliating scrub is extra fine
it isn't extremely moisturizing
i noticed an exfoliation as well
it moisturizes really well
i absolutely love this moisturizing cream.
it's a very gentle toner
just moisturize after using this product.
besides the claim of hydrating the skin
i moisturize my skin with aloe vera gel afterwards
t's good to moisturize even with oily skin afterwards
i apply my moisturizing cream
i don't think this is "hydrating"
it lathers very well
instead the ones that emphasizes moisturizing
was worried it would be too moisturizing for me
rub it around for exfoliation
it is very hydrating and really tones the skin.
which helps with exfoliation
the light exfoliation is perfect to clear
other masks offer either the moisture or the exfoliation
my skin gets the daily exfoliation it needs
this is a solid detoxifying mask that doesn't irritate or dry out the skin
this mask is such a great combination of detoxifying yet still moisturizing
exfoliates the dead skin
exfoliate/ rinse in shower twice a week
it is super super exfoliating
it is the most exfoliating product!
i currently use the clinique moisturizing gel
it feels like it hydrates
yet still so hydrating
it seemed very moisturizing
good toning and moisturizing effect.
it spreads easily and it's very moisturizing.
this gel is perfect as a super moisturizing step to replace my facial oil in my breakout zone
this gel moisturizer hydrated
not a heavy/intense hydration cream
it was wonderfully moisturizing
very hydrating and i am in love with it!
this moisturizer is hydrating without feeling too heavy/greasy on the skin
it hydrates my skin
this formula is lighter yet very moisturizing
it's hydrating without making my skin oily.
lightweight, but feels very hydrating.
this is really hydrating on my skin
this moisturizer is truly a great one- it is lightweight yet very hydrating
it is lightly moisturizing.
great to layer under or over other moisturizers for even more hydration
its bursting with moisturizing
sunscreens don't provide my dry skin with enough moisture
light, breathable, and and a lot of product.
i can still feel how moisturizing it is
i can still feel how moisturizing it is
plump without the stickiness or greasiness of other moisturizers
still moisturizes pretty well
it's very moisturizing to my cheeks
it liquid moisturizer not oily or greasy
it took super pigmented eyeshadow
i really like this sunscreen because it is very moisturizing
i would recommend moisturizing before you apply this since its not super moisturizing due to its mattifying properties
it is so hydrating
it moisturizes over the 8 hours
it is the only mattifying moisturized with spf that actually works
almost all moisturizers made my skin oily
some moisturizers for oily skin tend to give an ashy appearance
the product is super moisturizing on dry winter skin
hydrates my dry skin
not that this isn't moisturizing
its not very moisturizing.
the matiyfying than heavy moisturizing factor
it's not very moisturizing
as for the moisturization part
the only of its kind in that it is incredibly moisturizing while still treating acne
moisturized with the tidal moisturizer
this is the only moisturizing finisher i've found that prevents those flare-ups
it moisturizes while treating my acne
am unable to use exfoliating acids
this allows me to exfoliate while staying moisturized
that my skin was detoxing
however my skin care routine contains a glycolic acid serum as well as a retinol/clindamycin/azealic acid cream
the oil is hydrating
it wasn't as hydrating as other fresh masks
really did moisturise through
you have the most incredible exfoliation
yet very effective exfoliating mask
i find this mask very hydrating
gently exfoliating my active breakouts
really moisturizing and calming on the skin.
most moisturizers make my skin feel slippery
using the serum before moisturizing my face day
this moisturizer is very hydrating
this gentle 2x per day exfoliation works well.
it's not moisturizing enough to be used in its own for my dry skin
it did moisturize my face.
this moisturizer is packed with 27 high performance ingredients including dual weight hyaluronic acid to provide intense hydration
is quite hydrating without being sticky
i find it more hydrating than her original one
this eye crème hydrates
this eye cream is moisturizing
this is packed with antioxidants
it is not the best for hydrating
lifting contouring serum is a must try
it moisturizes just enough
i love how hydrating
i've used kate somerville daily exfoliating wash
this moisturizer was surprisingly moisturizing
this is hydrating enough for my skin with a pleasant smell
the exfoliation is minimal
extremely moisturizing and helps with my rosacea!
i feel good knowing i am nourishing my skin with antioxidants
wouldn't call it a very hydrating mask
not as moisturizing as i had expected
not moisturizing enough for my dry
it's actually the first mask that hydrates my skin
it does a good job moisturizing/plumping my skin
exfoliating several times a week
this moisturizing mask warms on contact with skin
it gave me a healthy glow all while moisturizing my skin
overall effective for both hydrating
results are *double good* if i exfoliate before applying this
not only is it hydrating
while it is not super moisturizing my skin feels fresh
moisturizers my skin in general
this mask is moisturizing
creamy mask that was moisturizing
my first aid beauty cleanser on mornings to hydrate my skin
supplement with an ultra moisturizing face wash
it's very lightweight and absorbs like a serum.
recommend using it with a good mousiterizer or maybe even a hydrating mask
it's slightly illuminating but very moisturizing
is more moisturizing than the soy face cleanser
which is great as i usually rely on two hydrating serums
tried it after exfoliating
the emulsion effect is awesome -- plumping
light, soothing and totally hydrating.
amazing plumping effect with great hydration.
long lasting moisturizer that works great for oily surface skin
that is for emulsifying
so hydrating and quick acting.
plump, hydrating, beautiful skin.
this detoxifying bar is awesome.
super hydrating and removes all makeup.
hydrates all while being anti-aging
worked extremely well on hydrating my cheeks
i highly recommend this masque for winter too!
it moisturizes your skin
this mask is super hydrating
it is extremely hydrating
found this to be incredibly moisturizing for my skin
antioxidants on the skin
it's deep hydrating and rejuvenating.
i didn't have an issues with this being too moisturizing
i still love hydrating products
note: this is a very unique skincare product
i am seriously impressed with this mask- it hydrates
after i apply it i used the pure deepsea hydrating mask
the mask is hydrating
so moisturizing yet not oily.
delivers deep hydration and beautiful plump skin.
a modeling mask that doesn't contain oils yet it does an amazing job hydrating
more hydrating moisturizer after using this
this serum is very silky
it really cleanses the skin thoroughly
i did still have to moisturize after use
exfoliating toners make it worse
i do moisturize after
the consistency is that of a lightweight gel/cream
more hydrating that way
it's probably not moisturizing enough for the winter
it instantly hydrates your skin
i don't think it is moisturizing enough for a day cream
i feel like it's so hydrating for my combo skin
this is perfect at moisturizing
not quite moisturizing enough for my super dry winter skin
love a good moisturizing product
this was amazingly moisturizing.
i would recommend a hydrating serum if you are extremely dry
the age prevention cream is a nice option for hydrating dry skin
this doesn't moisturize enough on my dry skin days
it doesn't completely moisturize
didn't seem particularly moisturizing
other than that it is very moisturizing
this is another great moisturizer to hydrate the skin more
hydrating under my eyes
lightweight while so moisturizing made me happy
hydrating without being heavy or greasy feeling.
silky hyaluronic acid gel serum
i almost tried all clarifying/exfoliating serum out there
moisturize with gel moisturizer
sometimes chemically exfoliate at night
i applied it after moisturizing
but i love how hydrating it was.
moisturize with the confidence in a cream by it cosmetics
moisturizes my skin in one step
after you wipe its moisturizing
exfoliate with my purity
it helps moisturize your skin at the same time
the only place it struggles is with very waterproof waxy mascaras
its the smoothest most hydrating feeling eye cream i've tried
almost feels like aloe on a sunburn
it also also very hydrating!
this so far has been hydrating
i love how hydrating it is
it is so hydrating
it is definitely moisturizing
it's a light gel texture
it's very moisturizing without being too greasy.
super hydrating without the greasy feel
it's also not to moisturizing
it is so gentle and so moisturizing.
sn't so gentle that it's not fully moisturizing
it's super super hydrating
i love it its very moisturizing
that it was very moisturizing
t deeply hydrates the skin
not so hydrating that it breaks me out
love the texture, moisturizes nicely.
this cream is exceptionally hydrating
for me it's been ultra hydrating
it is moisturizing without being greasy
this is a wonderful moisturizing cream.
it hydrates and plumps with superiority.
i also use korres wild rose 24 hour moisturizing cream
this stuff is very nice and moisturizing.
it is incredibly hydrating
t is very moisturizing
the product moisturizes well
it's just an added bonus that it moisturizes too!
very moisturizing for dry winter skin if you live in a cold climate
this is so hydrating
using this cream i am in moisturizing heaven
it is wonderful as a healing treatment under moisturizer
the viscosity of the cream is nice
how moisturizing it is
it's hydrating i use it night and morning.
it is very hydrating
the overly moisturizing products break me out so easily
the moisturizing benefits under my makeup
often stick to oils for moisturizing instead of heavy creams
i will where this over a moisturizer since it's not very moisturizing
so unless i exfoliate it shows dry skin pilling
i do use a very hydrating serum underneath because it can be a bit drying
4 stars because it isn't very moisturizing
make sure to moisturize before
oily texture is perfect for doing a facial massage
this cleanser is really moisturizing
it's not as moisturizing as i had hoped
this balm helps to make moisturizing easier
i think it might be a tad too moisturizing for oily skin
feels like it's really deeply moisturizing
i couldn't believe how hydrating this splash mask is
such a simple mask and so much hydration.
hydrating and leaves my skin glowing!!
i cannot deny that it's hydrating
it's firming, plumping, hydrating.
very nourishing on my skin
totally the best hydrating cream
surprisingly hydrating for such a light product.
emollients is extremely reparative for dry skin
this leaves a fresh hydrating glow
it leaves a dewy healthy look while hydrating the skin
it also moisturizes well
i like this moisturizer because it is very hydrating
it offers deep hydration while reducing redness
usually i only use oils to moisturize
it's so nourishing to my dry skin
really does a great job of hydrating your skin
it absorbs right into skin to moisturize
this balm felt nourishing
hydrating on my skin
moisturizes much better than an oil
this is so nourishing
the lxmi melt is so moisturizing for my dry
it absorbs quickly, but it isn't very hydrating.
i love shiseido benefiance for moisturization of the eye area
this is an amazing hydrating moisturizer
i am sensitive to night moisturizers because they usually have acids
i wasn't feeling moisturized enough by my cleanser or moisturizer
barely need to exfoliate/moisturize after using this
clean feeling that hydrates the skin
i switched to this moisturizing cleanser because it has several nourishing oils in it
it's really hydrating and lovely.
i became obsessed with finding the most moisturizing everything
i've also tried their peat eye cream which seemed to be very moisturizing
hydrating at the same time
very moisturizing and doesn't cause blemishes.
it hydrates my skin and helps it to glow.
this is effective at removing sunscreen with a gentle exfoliation with the enzyme powder
this exfoliator needs more hype
the exfoliating powder is very smoothing.
it really preps my skin for a moisturizing mask
"all-natural" exfoliator products
it does a great job of moisturizing
you're never too young to start moisturizing
s forehead after exfoliating his skin
lightweight, very moisturizing and smells great.
it's hydrating but not too heavy.
it's more of an emulsion
this is my "go to" product for hydrating skin that has been exposed to the elements
the formula is perfect for hydrating my very dry skin especially in the colder weather
it wasn't emollient enough
now this stuff is amazingly emollient
without the greasiness some moisturizers give
this moisturizer is very dense.
without a separate hydrating serum underneath
rich texture that hydrates very fast
the mud bar is just enough exfoliation to keep my skin soft
i then started exfoliating
remember to moisturize well after.
it exfoliates the skin
it feels more like a hydrating gel.
it exfoliates the skin
i am assuming from the detoxifying properties
the erno laszlo detoxifying duo is absolutely amazing
soap bar combo really create this great balance of deep hydrating
proper moisturizing fixes that
i usually need to exfoliate 2-3 times a week
good for my skin i'm oily and its detoxifying
you start with the oil which hydrates your skin
the cleansing bar did seem to moisturize my skin
it does a good job hydrating
this moisturizers so well
it was hydrating without being oily
this set is definitely good for hydrating your skin
the moisturization is incredible
i felt that the oil was very hydrating
the soap is very moisturizing
this product lathered very well
i followed it up with the timeless serum for extra hydration as well
combined with the erno laszlo serum this was a hydrating
nude bar for exfoliating/detox
cleansing oil: the oil is luxurious to the touch that soothes dry
this is a nice exfoliating mask that improves skin condition
prep me for the next moisturizing step
i followed with a light exfoliating cream cleanser
it is so moisturizing
this eye cream is super moisturizing
feels moisturizing without feeling oily
i've never used a eye cream that hydrates so nicely
this is an excellent moisture eye cream!!
it is super moisturizing
this is very emollient
this serum is definitely hydrating
it amazed me how moisturizing it was
exfoliating honey lip balm/scrub
it's super thick and hydrating as promised.
moisturize before applying makeup
also because it moisturizes my h
moisturizing properties that has helped strengthen
this is great moisturizing product.
i've tried the heaviest of heavy facial moisturizing creams
:) it's also a great skin hydrator.
hydrating products i've ever tried
the moisturizing power is so powerful
this mask has awesome antioxidants in it
which is a nice exfoliating property within the product
still moisturizing enough for summer
it doesn't seem very moisturizing to be honest
not nearly hydrating enough for my combo dry skin
t was super moisturizing
great for moisturizing skin
looked amazing but, not very moisturizing.
i would consider it a really hydrating
i used it today to moisturize
it moisturizes my skin
good hydration for my combo skin.
i wish it was a little more hydrating
i think it's super moisturizing
was using eye creams with retinol
it really moisturizes my under eye area
it hydrates and brightens my skin.
moisturizing to the point of feeling almost heavy
the cream is moisturizing without leaving my skin oily
nicely hydrating for the under eye.
this product is hydrating
this eye balm is hydrating and absorbs quickly.
the product formula has a lotion/cream texture unlike most which is gel
it is very hydrating
this really help to moisturize
this product is very hydrating which is a great find for me
this cream is so soft and hydrating.
this eye cream is very hydrating
this eye cream was very hydrating
i really like how moisturizing it is.
it is hydrating as well!
it's also hydrating which is exactly what i need in an eye cream
this is so hydrating!
it is very hydrating
does an amazing job at moisturizing my skin after my drying acne cleansers
a good alternative to the amorepacific hydra gel moisturizer
my skin often reacts poorly to really hydrating face creams
it really smoothes my skin and hydrates.
i find this does a perfect job at keeping my skin hydrating
still manages to be very hydrating
it's a wonderful priming moisturizer for dry/ combo skin
this primer has a great moisturizing effect before my makeup
it's so light on my face and hydrates so well.
it is very moisturizing
it's hydrating, non-oily, and smoothing.
it moisturizes my combination skin without feeling greasy in louisiana summer
it was very moisturizing
this was so hydrating!
so finding a moisturizer that hydrates
it also feels very moisturizing on the skin.
it achieves an instant dewy glow while hydrating the skin
it provides as a moisturizer for sensitive skins
the ultra repair cream intense hydration
this priming moisturizer is everything!!!!
this moisturizing primer has been the perfect combination
this product is very hydrating
i paired it with the fab hydrating serum
smells nice to and is hydrating.
this feels sooo hydrating
use a moisturizing primer all over my face
not only is it very hydrating
it moisturizes great by itself
it is so hydrating
was really needing an extra hydrating primer
i don't find this makes me oily given its moisturizing effect
no matter how much i exfoliate
the coconut one feels so hydrating
coconut are super hydrating
it's so great for hydrating
the rose ultra moisturizing
it has a great amount of exfoliation
its a great exfoliator that isn't too harsh or drying
while also gently exfoliating
the charcoal is gentle exfoliation
the product is not that moisturizing compared to the other moisturizers
it is moisturizing enough for oily skin
this feels like it really hydrates your skin
origins moisturizing / calm mask
it soothes and hydrates the skin!
what a beautiful calming and hydrating mask.
it moisturizes my skin without making it greasy
best hydrating cream ever!!!!!!!!!!!
this is so moisturizing
so hydrating it completely eliminates my oiliness
it's water light and super hydrating.
this cream really does hydrate the skin 100%
this is one of the best hydrating face creams i've tried
instantly hydrates my skin
this serum is hydrating and very liquid.
it actually hydrates despite feeling like water.
it's not hydrating or creamy enough to use on its own
it's lightweight and super absorbent.
it is light weight, but moisturizing.
the best moisturizing primer i have ever found.
is way more moisturizing that the too faced hangover primer
this is so much more moisturizing
moisturizes my dry skin wonderfully
it moisturizes my skin and preps it for makeup.
amazing under makeup or as a hydrating serum!
this one i feel is more hydrating
feels light while super hydrating my skin
really moisturizes your skin
it is very moisturizing
it is a moisturizer designed to deeply moisturize with its triple hyalurnonic acid formula
it did provide intense moisturization.
this moisturizer is extremely lightweight
super moisturizing with a serum based texture!
since it is lightweight yet still incredibly hydrating
yet it hydrates all day.
it is so moisturizing
most moisturizers are too emollient for me to use during the day
i don't feel as if it hydrates for 72 hours
the lotion leaves my skin feeling supple
think that it hydrates well
it somehow makes it less oily than without a moisturizer while also hydrating my dry areas
it's so lightweight while being extremely hydrating
it is super hydrating.
recommend for dry skin
it was also moisturizing
effective product for mattifying the skin
my face gets so oily it looks wet a hour after washing/moisturizing
not very hydrating will work better
always need to moisturize heavily
so rare to find a hydrating moisturizer with spf
a splash was perfect for more exfoliation
adding a little more water was great for less exfoliation
it also helps that you decide the density of the exfoliation
gooey in consistency as other "light" hydrating masks
i found this mask to be very hydrating even the day after
it is extremely soothing and hydrating.
moisturizers to combat my dry skin
it's also very moisturizing
minimizes areas of hyperpigmentation over time with its gentle exfoliation
of course things like moisturizing are very important to treat keratosis pilaris
this is my favorite exfoliating mask!
you absolutely have to moisturize after washing it off
i make sure to follow up with either a hyper moisturizing face mask or a really hydrating face oil
rather have the extra moisturizing cream
super moisturizing but light at the same time.
very moisturizing absorbed quickly not greasy at all
this hydrates all day
gel not enough moisturizing
this moisturizer is very lightweight
nice lightweight summer moisturizer that is also cooling
you probably may not appreciate the anti-aging/moisturizing effects of this oil
sooo moisturizing and lightweight on the skin.
it moisturizing/smooths out blemishes.
moisturizing, plumping, smells good.
gives me more moisture than a gel or aqua gel moisturizer
it feels super hydrating
definitely wasn't the most hydrating for my dry/combination skin
it is incredibly moisturizing
super moisturizing is exactly what i need
it's moisturizing but isn't heavy at all.
true clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel
the texture of this moisturizer is thick
i am extremely picky about moisturizers
super lightweight but incredibly hydrating.
this cream is incredibly moisturizing
very moisturizing...love the smell!!
perfume in skincare can cause collagen breakdown
pros: very moisturizing and great smell.
it is so hydrating
hydrated which is difficult to find for an oily skin moisturizer
this hydrates without being greasy
this stuff is very moisturizing
not to oily yet hydrates my skin at the same time
leaving the residue on may be fine as it is quite moisturizing
it's so simple yet so hydrating and balancing.
it's refreshing and cleanses well!
the formula cleanses extremely gently
is super moisturizing without leaving a greasy feel
i only gave this 4 stars because it is extremely hydrating
it is a hydrating face wash however i never used a more hydrating one like this one
once i moisturize my skin feels fantastic
i think the term hydrating can be a bit misleading
i wouldn't say this cleanser hydrates my skin
it is hydrating and smells wonderful!
it is very moisturizing
the hydrating sheet mask
sometimes i need more of a hydrating cleanser
i've tried so many gel-cream moisturizers
somehow works moisturizing miracles
nice formula, hydrating with a beautiful finish.
the best hydrating ingredient since the stone age
this soft creme is great for my combination skin in the winter to keep it moisturized
this cream not only hydrates my skin
but i love how moisturizing it is.
this creamy foam lathers
in the morning on days when i'm not exfoliating
most moisturizing products leave my skin oily
you can't use this without a moisturizing toner or serum underneath
this should be paired with a hydrating / anti-aging eye cream
it compliments my skin care regimen amazingly
it's not as moisturizing as oppose to a regular moisturizer
it's super moisturizing and it has spf23 <3.
i used it after moisturizing
the serum is lightweight for my oily skin
i love how this moisturizes my skin without making it oily
the absorbency is quick
it has a very lightweight lotion texture
it's not a hydrating product
i can't believe how hydrating it is.
this pressed serum completely hydrates it without irritating it at all
this is truly hypoallergenic
baam.....this oil is also an antioxidant too.
not greasy but hydrating!
this is a great idea, a probiotic moisturizer.
squalane is a moisturizing ingredient that i want to have on my skin
gel-like lightweight texture
very hydrating, no smell
not hydration or moisturizing
it's so refreshing and hydrating!
moisturizes for what i need
i love this lightweight yet moisturizing gel that absorbs quickly
pm for the added moisturizing
i don't think the gel moisturizes enough tho
it's like a hydrating wrinkle eraser.
i love that it's so light yet hydrating.
it's light yet moisturizing.
i started using their probiotic moisturizer
the moisturizing i receive from this oil without the heaviness
it really hydrates my dry skin without being too greasy
it works well to moisturize it
i am continuing to use this postpartum since it's so hydrating without being greasy
younger looking skin using biossance squalane oil
it very lightly hydrate skin without feelings to greasy like traditional oils
it's a great moisturize/carrier oil
lately i exfoliate using a pumice
it's fabulous on dry cuticles
this moisturizer/anti-aging treatment was super effective
then moisturize my face with marula oil
most glycolic acid/exfoliating serums are much more expensive
light, yet hydrating with awesome sun protection.
the creamy hydrating cleanser
this serum is so moisturizing
it doesn't feel as hydrating as this serum
feels very hydrating without being heavy
moisturizers that are either greasy
moisturizing products on the market
effectively hydrating mositurizer i've ever used
low for a good moisturizing that wasn't gross
hydrates more than runnier eye creams
it does moisturize significantly
power eye cream hydrates my skin around the eyes very well
i love how it the cream is very moisturizing
this eye cream hydrates enough without making my skin feel too oily
it's very lightweight, but hydrating.
it is super hydrating
i moisturize with my clinique dramatically different gel after
seems to activate the hyalauronic acid moisturizing
lactic acid gently exfoliate
it doesn't do much exfoliating
or super tight skin feeling other matte moisturizers do
it's a very light, refreshing gel.
the ahas exfoliate my skin.
the hydrator is super light-weight
it's still hydrating enough for my combination-oily skin
the hydrator is just that
great lightweight moisturizer for oily skin!
can't tell if it is an intensive hydrating product
seems to activate the hyalauronic acid moisturizing
all moisturizers to keep oil production at bay
moisturizing is my favorite
toner make my skin feel dry moisturizing revives it
it moisturizers the skin well.
it isn't the most "moisturizing"
this lightweight moisturizer absorbed quickly
i love how hydrating this product is for my skin
this moisturizing product is ideal for oily skin
without being charged with cream like the rest of the products moisturizing
it moisturizes while keep my skin in balance.
moisturizing really makes all of the difference!
this adequately hydrates my dry patches
water based moisturizers are
very moisturizing without being greasy.
the lotion feels refreshing
it instantly refreshes while moisturizing the skin
my skin feels so hydrating
this hydrator is super refreshing
this moisturizer is very lightweight
this did a fantastic job of moisturizing my skin
the importance of hydrating the skin
it doesn’t feel heavy or like it’s moisturizing my face too much
i enjoy this moisturizer because it is light weight while delivering the right amount of hydration
i'll add on an extra serum or cream for extra hydration
i wouldn't say it is moisturizing as much as it's a serum to use under a moisturizer
it definitely is hydrating
very good for moisturizing
this particular crème fluid is outstanding.
this cream defiantly hydrates your skin
it hydrating but not sticky or greasy.
it's just not hydrating enough
although it is the texture of a lotion
i found it to be incredibly moisturizing
this product has exceeded my expectations for a breathable moisturizing tint
love that it moisturizes
it looks natural and it's moisturizing.
this is great because it's deeply moisturizing
i love the moisturizing gel cream.
the moisturizing gel is hydrating
does the job moisturizing my really dry
it moisturizers very nicely
this was still moisturizing enough to combat the brutal dry winters there
the hydration is perfection
it really feels hydrating
very moisturizing but not at all sticky.
serums are wonderful at increasing the effectiveness of moisturizers
it is more moisturizing
i did find this serum moisturizing
moisturizing without making my skin oily
super hydrating, light weight, quick absorption.
it feels very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing but very oily!
it is so hydrating and makes my skin look great.
very hydrating and fast absorbing.
the oil was very moisturizing
not help with moisturizing my skin
rose deep hydration face serum
it's so hydrating i have combination skin leaning more towards dry
antioxidants for your skin
use my hydrating toner
and it's filled with vitamins and antioxidants.
it's not a magical moisturizing thing
i think it's very hydrating
i do use this with a moisturizing
after washing/moisturizing before i go to bed
removes all makeup easily and felt hydrating.
this cleanser is moisturizing
capable of removing waterproof mascara
perhaps i'd prefer a glow cream that is a little more moisturizing
buy this beauty hydrating
this feels like a gel
moisturizing without being greasy or heavy.
creamy or not moisturizing enough
this moisturizer is hydrating and lightweight
i enjoy how hydrating this product is.
i love how lightweight and moisturizing this is!
it's light weight but hydrating.
actually moisturizes my skin
i feel like its moisturizing
not the most hydrating
it's a fine eye cream in terms of hydration
:) plus they were so moisturizing and pampering.
also moisturize my skin without making me look dry
i follow it with the moisturizing cream.
moisturizes my combo skin without overdo it
this cream is super gentle
the mallow offers your skin that extra hydration
it's light weight but very hydrating for me.
it is very moisturizing
it hydrates and plumps my skin.
this is a nice exfoliating mask.
nice gel cream texture.
it surprisingly felt moisturizing
plumps my skin and sooo hydrating.
i like to use hydrating masks after chemical peels or any deep exfoliation treatment
it does a wonderful job of gently exfoliating
the exfoliation is somewhat rough
this face mask is a very good exfoliating mask
but it definitely does exfoliate so well.
is hydrating enough that i can use it as a night cream
both are light enough to sink into the skin while still moisturizing
this cream is so wonderful and moisturizing.
this cream is super moisturizing
it is so lightweight and hydrating.
moisturizing at the same time
it has the same consistency as clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
this product smells great and is so moisturizing!
after adding this extra step of hydrating essence
will hydrate your skin better under a heavier lotion
finding very well already with the moisturizing cream moisture surge
i also adore clinique moisture surge assemble hydrating supercharged
i love how moisturizing it is
moisture surge gel moisturizer
this isn't moisturizing at all.
it is very moisturizing
super hydrating & very lightweight.
i needed something more hydrating
this is amazing it is moisturizing
with the moisture surge gel-crème
this mask feels so hydrating
the gel is super sticky
it is very hydrating and soothing.
so it helped with the exfoliation.
this mask is so hydrating
this feels great, it's cooling and hydrating.
the mask leaves a hydrating lotion on the skin
exfoliate your skin first
so refreshing, relaxing, and hydrating!
at the same time moisturizing
it is very moisturizing.
have been using the drunk elephant moisturizing gel for about 2 years now
also has been exfoliating my skin a lot
it is light yet moisturizing
great moisturizer for oily/combination skin
this is an amazing cream for moisturizing!
hydrating my skin while keeping my oils at bae
i've tried many creams/moisturizers
it moisturizes my skin so unbelievably well
it hightly moisturize my skin
a lightweight moisturizer that smells amazing
moisturizes my skin so well
yet hydrating gel-like cream that was absolutely perfect for my skin
very moisturizing but light weight!!
i tried so many different hydrating cream
it hydrates my skin
very light and yet moisturizing.
moisturize with this in the morning
it moisturizes the very dry areas
its so lightweight yet hydrating at the same time
it is incredibly hydrating
not hydrating at all
deeply hydrating even for my dry skin.
ultra-hydrating water every single time i put it on
very hydrating for my skin
it felt so soothing and hydrating.
it feels very hydrating
moisturizes the dry patches
i love this, it's so light and hydrating.
it is a different texture than most moisturizers
it's very hydrating without that greasy look or feel
it's lightweight yet heavily moisturizing if that makes sense
other creams i have used will moisturize
it is so moisturizing
once i moisturize my skin feels br
the exfoliation is safe
it is so hydrating and leaves my skin so soft.
moisturizes without any greasy after feel
so refreshing to the skin, deeply hydrating.
definitely feels like it's deeply moisturizing as well
it feels very hydrating and nourishing.
this product is so hydrating
this moisturizer works wonderfully for my skin
i should try using only this hydrating gel
i love using oils to moisturize my skin before applying makeup
continues to moisturize without being greasy
it's very hydrating without being too oily or heavy
moisturizes just the perfect amount
it feels super nourishing
this face oil is lightweight, but very hydrating.
antioxidants that it does
it is really moisturizing
it is also super moisturizing
the korres serum is very moisturizing
i've also added the tatcha exfoliating cleanser to the oil
this eye cream was incredibly moisturizing for me
super hydrating and lightweight as well.
anti aging or hydration
in use with the hydrating serum
includes gentle exfoliating beads
this also hydrates my skin
it has no smell and it exfoliation is great
light with strong inner skin hydrating
serum for extra hydration
then golden side is so hydrating!!
i love that it exfoliates your skin
the gold mask is so hydrating
the lavender part is great for exfoliation
it's not a moisturizing mask
i did love the exfoliating factor
the exfoliation at the end leaves my skin so soft
soothing skin care routine
as long as i moisturize afterward
would definitely moisturize after
that it really does feel like it's exfoliating
refreshing while helping to moisturize the skin while helping reduce breakouts
i got the purple hydrating one
to the contrary, it was incredibly hydrating!
if i don't exfoliate
i want gentle exfoliation which this stick delivered
it actually did a wonderful facial while exfoliating your face
this is a light cream and is hydrating.
the vitamin nectar moisturizer is a good everyday
this cream is rich in vitamins
use it as moisture sealant before applying sunscreen
it's very hydrating without making my face oily
absorbs quickly without over-moisturizing
it's moisturizing my dry patches
"clean" packaging the moisturizer has the perfect amount of hydration
i like to layer moisturizers
moisturizing it is not heavy or greasy
the texture is gel like
yes, it's gorgeously soft and hydrating.
it's a great exfoliating option for people with sensitive skin
very cooling on the skin
the gentle exfoliation is nice
works effectively at even claiming my redness while hydrating
this is a very creamy cleanser.
the gel texture is so soothing
it helps to absorb my serums better
then clinique moisturizing gel
the ahas are quite exfoliating
it truly is moisturizing
ultra light weight feel just like a water gel
this is the only one that moisturizes
i've always imagined it to be gooey like frizz-ease serum or like josie maran argan oil
i exfoliate then apply serum
toning/firming of this product
just 3-4 drops before moisturizing
it preps my skin for moisturizing
it is moisturizing and light.
usually an over night hydrating moisturizer won't help
would apply it before my korres 24 hour moisturizing cream
it hydrates the skin and leave it super soft!
feels amazing on and its super hydrating.
this product actually moisturizes
it's moisturizing without the stickiness
it is incredibly hydrating
i exfoliate withe milani lip scrub
my cuticles are super dry as well
it is extremely moisturizing
while lip balms are soothing
this is so hydrating!!!!
very hydrating moisturizer that sinks into my skin immediately
very moisturizing but not heavy or sticky.
it is so hydrating
super moisturizing without being thick at all!
it still retains a great moisturizing feel to it
it's a very moisturizing affordable moisturizer
it moisturizes without making my face too oily
my skin is really enjoying how hydrating it is
it is hydrating without leaving skin oily.
i notice that when i moisturize with this cream
it hydrates like a thick heavyweight cream would
gets overly oily after most moisturizers
this product is super moisturizing.
the cream is very lightweight
this moisturizer is intensely hydrating
this moisturizer is very hydrating
it's super moisturizing without being too greasy
i really enjoyed using this moisture cream!
because it was so hydrating
it hydrates really well
this lightweight moisturizer gave my skin the hydration it needed without making it feel too oily
this was way hydrating!
it's light weight but extreme hydrating.
totally picky about moisturizers
this is an incredible moisturizer that delivers hardcore hydration will still allowing daily
it is very hydrating
so have been loving trying all thing hydrating
it hydrates my skin perfectly
which is why it's a great hydrating formula
it is very hydrating
the cream is moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
it's thick enough to moisturize your face thoroughly
the laneige face moisturizer is rich enough to be hydrating
it hydrates your face good
i also love how moisturizing it feels.
this did feel like it was moisturizing
it helps with the frizz so much
wow is it hydrating
the formula is very moisturizing for my dehydrated spots
this moisturizer keeps my skin supple
it's very light but very hydrating.
it does an excellent job of hydrating.
it is very hydrating
this moisture cream promises hydration for dry to normal skin
i am always trying to find a hydrating moisturizer that isn't greasy or clogs pores
it is highly moisturizing and feels lightweight.
it is a bit too moisturizing for my combination skin
definitely hydrating for my dry skin.
cream makes my skin super oily
coats in instant hydration
try to hydrating trial kit
i really like that it is a gentle daily exfoliant
luxurious way this exfoliates my face
i love this cleanser for exfoliating
it's an instant moisture boost and rehydration.
this moisturizer is fairly emollient
is surprisingly moisturizing for such a weightless moisturizer
his team developed a real winner with this hydrating moisturizer
it is so lightweight yet incredibly hydrating.
it's so hydrating and lightweight.
it's also very hydrating and just lovely.
it's light weight, yet incredibly moisturizing.
there's water/glycerin as the main "fat" moisturizing component
this moisturizer is very lightweight
seems to be very hydrating
t's going to be very hydrating with no tackiness
it feels like a gel
most gel moisturizers feel hydrating for the first hour
it's not producing as much sebum
this moisturizer deeply hydrates without being too heavy
this moisturizer is hydrating yet lightweight
it feels incredibly hydrating
it hydrates really well
this one does a wonderful job of balancing out the fruit acids with hydrating
this mask throughly moisturizes my face
is almost moisturizing while keeping everything from getting too shiny
hydrating on my skin
it moisturize my dry patches
the product is super moisturizing
it's also very hydrating
it's so moisturizing without being greasy
so hydrated i don't even feel the need of using moisturizing after using the serum
very moisturizing and clean scent.
this hydrating serum unbelievably feels like a firmimg elixer with out the oiliness clogging up your pores
it feels so moisturizing without being heavy
hydrates my combination skin
how it feels very moisturizing while acting like a dry oil
this serum is definitely oily as most serums are
this lotion is moisturizing without drying out face too much
i like that the ahas are exfoliating
it still has a moisturizing feel
soft beads in it for very gentle exfoliation
it's hard to believe it is also detoxifying
the hyaluronic acid helps for hydration
the rosehip oil is nice to heal
it is very moisturizing
it's a ice lightweight cleanser
detoxifying masks are super drying on me
hydrates with lasting results
this is absolutely hydrating mask.
i love this mask because it's hydrating
i struggle to find products that moisturize
the texture of this moisturizer is a fast absorbing gel
!this gel is not just a gel!
this gel is great!!
the gel is very lightweight
this gel leaves my skin so supple
effective in hydrating my face
this hydrating gel goes on smooth
volition's eye gel is amazing
it worked really great at hydrating
moisturizes my eye area
it's a cool gel texture
hydrating them to feel fresh
this is truly a gel
it's such a soft gel but it hydrates and firms.
this gel is cooling
i do need hydrating
the gel is ultra light
it is soooooooooo hydrating!!!!!!!
diverse hydrating eye gel
its a a mix between a eye cream to hydrate
the unique texture is completely hydrating
oils from most moisturizers
it really hydrates your skin
unscented, gentle, and extremely hydrating.
it is a fantastic hydrating oil
very hydrating, great texture.
this cream really moisturize my under eye area
you have a beautiful hydrating mask
the mask hydrates your skin
it's very thick and creamy and very moisturizing.
it hydrates my skin and plumps it up.
the moisturizing lasts all day
this product is very hydrating
the glycolic acid makes my skin feel plump
nourishing as you apply it to your skin
rehydrating skin while traveling
this is the best skin balm for dry winter skin!
if i use a hydrating anything
counteract the dryness by applying a moisturizer afterward
this is an awesome exfoliator!
i just finish with a moisturizing lotion
great way to exfoliate and care for your skin!
even though it does contain moisturizing ingredients
i need a great exfoliator in my skincare regime
i believe it did some exfoliating
in colder/dryer months i layer it under a moisturizing night cream
i wouldn't say this is moisturizing
the consistency is just thick enough to wear at night for deep moisturizing
moisturizes very well for me
hydrating the skin after washing
paired with a hydrating cream cleanser
moisturizes without being greasy
it instantly comforts and moisturizes my skin.
it is just the right balance between moisturizing
moisturizes my skin extremely well
this product is so moisturizing
with exception of the night invigorating gel
incredibly moisturizing and smells yummy!!
works great under my moisturizing primer
it's really light while still being very moisturizing
so hydrating, yet doesn't feel heavy!
this cream was very moisturizing
need something more moisturizing for winter
this moisturizer is extremely soothing
this moisturizer really helps sooth my skin
i don't find this cream that moisturizing/soothing
it really soaks into the skin plus it has the added benefits of vitamins
it's actually very hydrating for the skin.
this isn't thick but very moisturizing.
also moisturizing enough to keep me from getting dry
hydrating but not too much for my combo skin.
love how light weight yet moisturizing it is
the invigorating exfoliating gel under the lotion at night
very light, hydrating, and makes skin smooth
this product is silky smooth and moisturizing.
this moisturizer does not irritate it hydrates in places needed
in fact it may even be more moisturizing now
this is great for keeping my skin hydrating
the product is so thin yet so moisturizing
light weight, no residue, and hydrating.
light, but still moisturizing.
light moisturizer that delivers!
i am amazed at how hydrating it is
its not overly moisturizing to the point i'm oily
this is very gentle and unscented.
also did a good job moisturizing
previously i was using just plain jojoba oil to moisturize my skin
moisturizing with algenist sublime defense anti-aging blurring moisturizer spf 30
the invigorating night treatment
this helps because it's moisturizing
it has been hydrating
before moisturizing my skin
provide some "serum like" hydration
this moisturizer is very lightweight
i love how it is lightweight yet still really moisturizing
-absorbent moisturizer is amazing at hydrating
it is both mattifying
this moisturizer is hardy enough to withst
not nearly as moisturizing
excellent moisturizer for acne prone skin that needs hydration
it is very hydrating
so light yet very moisturizing
if the lotion isn't moisturizing enough
also mattifying for oily skin
the hydration is luscious.
that also gets very dry without moisturizing
the aloe definitely soothe
it hydrates where it needs
layered with my acne serum
this hydrates, but doesn't make my skin greasy.
it does a nice job of hydrating my combo skin without making it oily
it is super hydrating yet sinks right in
this creme is very healing.
it is thick and emollient without being greasy.
i love a good thick moisturizing night creme
i absolutely love this moisturizing cream.
it moisturizes my skin all day
this creme is the ultimate hydrating creme
this creme is fantastic at keeping your skin moist
it moisturizes all day
since the product is super moisturizing
it hydrates where i need hydration
this is a night-time only moisturizer because it's intensely hydrating
the cream is very rich
super hydrating for a night time moisturizer.
it's a great moisturizer for oily/combination skin
this moisturizer is light and absorbs quickly.
i don't know how well this exfoliates
it is very moisturizing without that greasy feeling
it hydrates my dry
still does a great job at moisturizing
hope is very hydrating
it hydrates my sensitive combination skin
for the moisturizing properties
this stuff is hydrating
as it doesn't moisturize
very gentle retinol product.
its a good moisturizing product
this is moisturizing enough for me.
this is a great retinol as its gentle
this cream is incredibly moisturizing
this is a great starter retinol or a retinol for people with very sensitive skin
take a deep breath gel moisturizer
make sure you use a hydrating moisturizer to counteract the dryness
it is not super hydrating
ntensely hydrating without being too heavy
it's very moisturizing, but not oily.
this product is good for hydrating your eye area
i still love this eye gel because it's hydrating
the eye gel is lightweight
this eye gel is hydrating and lightweight.
it still moisturizes well
this eye cream is hydrating.
t just works well as a hydrating eye cream for me
very refreshing and hydrating eye gel.
it's basic, calming, and hydrating.
it is a lovely hydrating eye cream!
it is very moisturizing and has a cooling effect.
also kinda hydrates it as well
feels very spa like
i've purchased the umbrian clay exfoliate
i just use the seaberry oil to moisturize
massaging it all over my face to exfoliate
this cream feels very moisturizing
it moisturizes fairly well with irritating
really hydrates the skin for the whole day
i think this moisturizes really well
hydrates the most dry skin
this moisturizing cream from caudalie feels just right
very hydrating but not greasy.
the moisturizer is velvety
the vendanges moisturizing cream has been a miracle worker for me
it is very moisturizing
its really hard for me to find a moisturizer that is hydrating enough for the cold
this offers hydrating that the l'occitane fabulous serum does not give due to its potentially irritating ingredients
effective moisturizer with great antioxidants
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
i usually use hydrating serum before this for added moisture
i love how well it moisturizes
before trying caudalie premieres vendanges moisturizing cream
i love this moisturizing cream
the moisturizer absorbs easily
the cream was really hydrating
this cream is moisturizing
absorbs quickly, hydrating for long time.
it's super moisturizing without being too heavy or greasey
still hydrates my skin
caudalie moisturizing cream makes my skin feel smooth
it is the best moisturizing cream for the skin
light yet very moisturizing
moisturizes for the whole day
this moisturizing cream goes on so smoothly
full of antioxidants - beneficial for skin.
caudalie's moisturizing cream is very good
great for aging, chemically sensitive skin.
the texture is more of a cream moisturizer- very soothing
this is so refreshing and moisturizing.
continue to my serums/moisturizers
too moisturizing for me actually
prior to using the caudalie moisturizing toner
however it's really moisturizing for my face
the cotton pad is a gentle exfoliation.
want to make sure my skin gets the moisturizing
gently exfoliating for slightly oily skin
i always follow with a hydrating mist
paired with boscia oil-free daily hydration spf 15
moisturizing my face at night
has a nice gel cooling texture
this eye cream is very hydrating
its is very hydrating.
it is so hard to find a hydrating eye cream
i know that antioxidants
it's lightweight, silky, and hydrating.
lightweight, moisturizing, non-greasy.
this eye gel does a great job to moisturize
i love the way that this cream hydrates my eye area
this is very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
comforting feeling of this thoroughly moisturizing gel is a nice treat
this eye cream is moisturizing and gentle.
is the perfect solution for hydrating under the eyes
i do like the product...gentle and hydrating.
this eye gel/cream is very hydrating
it feels so hydrating
moisturizing my sensitive skin is working great
sticky like other hydrating eye creams are
great stuff, very moisturizing.
smooth and hydrating around my eye area.
this is quite hydrating.
this eye cream works quite well to hydrate
moisturize the eye area
just a simple hydrating cream that does not irritate
that it's lightweight yet still very hydrating
this has really helped to moisturize the area
it goes on smooth, absorbs and moisturizers.
is great at hydrating before doing full eye color
was very moisturizing compared to the many previous eye creams i've used
the cleanser isn't as moisturizing as i'd like it
it's so moisturizing but doesn't feel too heavy.
this cream is super moisturizing
which was moisturizing perfection
the moisturizing abilities are incredible.
primarily the 24 hour moisturizing
this product both moisturizes
is hydrating yet very light.
absolutely love this moisturizing
because it's so moisturizing
this product doesn't moisturize my skin
not the moisturizing ones
it works so well to moisturize without a heavy feel
it's supposed to moisturize for 24 hours
does a good job moisturizing my dry skin i love it for the summer months
this is the best moisturizing cream!
i find it to be very moisturizing for my skin type
smells soft and the cream moisturizes well.
so far it seems to be pretty good moisturizing my skin
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizes without feeling too heavy.
very moisturizing during the night
wild rose 24-hr moisturizer really does hydrate
is so moisturizing at the same time
not greasy yet it is very moisturizing
i feel it moisturizes deeply.
it's not overly moisturizing
it feels very moisturizing
this cleanser is hydrating
definitely wish it was more moisturizing
this soothing gel is perfect.
this is a really soothing, gentle gel cleanser.
as long as i exfoliate as well my skin looks great
this stuff is moisturizing
it's great because it's hydrating.
it moisturizes well enough
make sure to exfoliate weekly
the sales rep gave me a sample of murad exfoliating acne treatment gel
which is very moisturizing
it's very hydrating and soothing.
aloe gel for a week
breakouts while still moisturizing my skin
the cream is cooling
overall wasn't as moisturizing as some of my products
moisturizes without any greasiness
this is a very nice, creamy moisturizer.
it is moisturizing and lovely.
very hydrating but not to heavy.
this cream is hydrating
it is extremely hydrating & evens out skin tone.
it moisturizes without adding to breakouts
it is very moisturizing
this cream moisturizes without greasiness
or is not moisturizing enough
this moisturizer is soothing
totally moisturizes without feeling heavy
readjusted my expectations to include just a cream that is super-hydrating
it has a soft texture, instantly hydrates.
i find it moisturizing
i only wish it was more moisturizing
i like using a moisturizing eye cream at night because i don't find this product to be that moisturizing
this product moisturizes my eyes.
the umbrian clay mattifying face exfoliant
be sure to moisturize of course!
seems to really detoxify my skin
was to keep on top of moisturizing
it can be used to gently exfoliate your skin too.
it's really gentle and hydrating.
it's very refreshing and hydrating!
it was extremely moisturizing
it works like an exfoliator with out the exfoliating lol
it actually was a little hydrating
the texture is like a lotion
is a little over moisturizing for my forehead
hydrates my entire face
very hydrating and feels great on the skin.
very moisturizing for me at least.
taking into account how moisturizing this is i'm surprised it's somewhat matte
i'd much rather use the moisturizing benefits alone
it moisturizes my dry areas
it's so hydrating with a matte finish!
i must say it's one of the best hydrating moisturizer for a combination to oily skin
this is plenty moisturizing for me
hydrates the perfect amount.
helps keep the oils in place & hydrates my skin.
not only does it moisturize my skin
this product is not extremely moisturizing
matte without being sticky or goopy like some moisturizers are
it hydrates as well as keeps your face matte looking
it's moisturizing enough to take care of my dryness
super soft an hydrating!!!
is very moisturizing to my dry winter skin
along with the moisturizing sorbet
this serum made my skin moisturized
hydrates my skin like nothing ever has
i wouldn't say its moisturizing for combo skin
it is very hydrating.
this serum hydrates without oiliness
instead it leaves a moisturizing finish on your skin that leaves your dry skin moisturized
it makes me skin glow and it's very moisturizing.
before moisturizing every night
i love using this product on my winter skin because it moisturizes
the moisturizing sorbet morning
along with the moisturizing sorbet
it is also slightly hydrating
what's more is this serum is very moisturizing.
it's so nice for exfoliating
it's hard to find a product that moisturizes
this is a great exfoliation cleanser.
does exfoliate the face
this exfoliating cleanser fits me well
even without the exfoliating component
my makeup looks better after exfoliating
love this gentle exfoliator.
this is a very gentle but effective exfoliator.
i wanted something gentle that exfoliate my skin.
this exfoliator is great!
the exfoliating beads leave my skin soft
smells clean, good exfoliation , would recommend
it's a very gentle and effective exfoliator.
it exfoliates without being harsh
the exfoliating is refreshing
the gentle exfoliation really helps my skin tone
this is a very gentle exfoliator
the exfoliating facial cleanser in the morning
the exfoliation is perfect for my normal combination skin
the particles in the exfoliating facial are super fine- very soft
super moisturizing as well.
love this exfoliating cleanser!!!
great exfoliator for my very dry skin.
exfoliating without being harsh
it really exfoliates well
it has sugar-feeling exfoliants
clarins one-step exfoliating facial cleanser is gentle
this exfoliator is truly gentle
this is such a great exfoliating cleanser.
exfoliates and is gentle enough for everyday use
nice exfoliation and smells great!
very gentle exfoliation and smells great!
the gel is cooling
this gel is lightweight
this gel is not moisturizing
what i love most about this cream is the hydration
this cream seems to hydrate well
this one is super moisturizing
i don't think it is quite hydrating enough
it moisturizes the eye area
which is very moisturizing
it hydrates really well and gives my skin a glow.
it totally hydrates amazingly
it really does what it says -- instantly moisturizes
hydrating system that works very well
a great product that moisturises
perfect for rehydrating your skin
soft like an exfoliator
the little bit of exfoliation i get
t products for everything from cleansing to toning to moisturizing
i also use the moisture cream.
t moisturizers for a perfectly smooth face
moisturizing without oily sensation
it's effective, but yet moisturizing!
this seems pretty gentle for a salicylic acid cream
with it's salicylic acid to exfoliate
it's very soothing and is very moisturizing.
this product moisturizes without making my skin oily
hydrating when i need it to be
and it hydrates my skin perfectly!
is moisturizing without the stickiness you might associate with aloe vera gel products
it has a light moisturizing effect.
unlike plain aloe gel
aloe gel wasn't really helping
moisturizing which is just what your skin needs after prolonged sun exposure
the gel is moisturizing
this is truly a healing lotion.
it is very moisturizing
not sticky like aloe gel.
as it's not really ultra moisturizing
very similar to boscia's revitalizing black hydration gel
this gel is cooling
it's better than aloe gel
isn't sticky like aloe gel is
it is super hydrating and doesn't feel oily.
even though the sunscreens also have moisturizing properties
i love korres yoghurt cooling gel because it feels cool
this gel really works
nothing makes a new sunburn feel better than this korres yoghurt cooling gel
as it's very moisturizing
it works better than aloe vera gel in soothing the skin after sunburn
it really moisturizes great!
not as deeply hydrating as i need
it is cooling and hydrating.
the cooling gel refreshes
the korres yoghurt cooling gel went on like a lotion
hydrates your skin like you wouldn't believe
korres yoghurt cooling gel really works.
since its quite hydrating
this cooling gel is amazing.
hydrating without leaving behind any greasiness
moisturizing layer on my face
i needed a moisturizer that would intensely hydrate my skin all day in order to avoid flakiness
hydrating at the same time
i like how hydrating it is
it hydrates my skin quickly
it's very moisturizing and absorbs well.
moisturizing at a very affordable price
great nourishing cream for very sensitive dry dry skin
it is a very rich, very moisturizing cream.
this cream is super rich.
it hydrates all day
i wish it were even more moisturizing
i really like to super moisturize my skin.
i would like something even more hydrating
very hydrating thisis the product for you
it plumps and hydrates very well!
moisturizes without feeling greasy.
it hydrates my sensitive skin with no reaction
very moisturizing, without being greasy.
moisturizers my dry skin
very moisturizing but non-greasy.
this is the best moisturizing cream i've ever used
very moisturizing but doesn't clog pores.
found it to be exceptionally moisturizing
nevertheless, it hydrates very very well.
says it's moisturizing without being greasy
it's nice and lightweight and moisturizing.
i didn't used to moisturize
it's a moisturizer with some cooling in it.
it's moisturizing effects last all day
combined with a rejuvenating serum
it's very moisturizing without being greasy or breaking me out
this night formulation is less hydrating
acne lotion strips my skin
i love the way both creams hydrate
moisturizing without being greasy.
it feels very nourishing
other than the hydrating benefits
deep moisturizes at the same time
i found it to be a bit more moisturizing
it was very hydrating without being overwhelming
is also very moisturizing
this moisturizer really penetrates the skin
moisturizing on my dry skin
it is moisturizing all day long
this moisturizer provides spf without feeling chalky
it moisturizes but doesn't feel greasy at all.
i love murads line of acne moisturizers
for me, this wasn't quite moisturizing enough.
it does not seem to moisturize my skin enough
i do use korres day/night creams with this cleanser as i find that murad moisturizers are not hydrating enough for me
very gentle and exfoliating cleanser.
i started using this product to help hydrate my combination
love the little exfoliating beads.
i wouldn't say it's a moisturizing type cleanser
clinique m-gel lotion before
non greasy,very hydrating, long lasting.
how moisturizing it is
this is so moisturizing
yet it is very moisturizing.
i love the texture and hydration of this product.
very hydrating but not greasy looking.
this has a very strong moisturizing effect.
it is very moisturizing, but not oily.
it is so hydrating, but not too hydrating.
however it is not very moisturizing
my skin feels so hydrating
wrinkle revenge facial cream is a soothing
it's deeply hydrating and moisturizing.
this is lighter, but still moisturizing.
so hydrating and sets well.
super hydrating love it at night
it sure is hydrating
does a very nice job moisturizing my entire eye area
it really brings back the hydrating
the product's absorbency is awesome
it's moisturizing and goes great under make up.
it is very hydrating
this product not only moisturizes
it definitely does moisturize
great moisturizer for combination/oily skin
this product is very hydrating?
this feels like it really moisturizes.
plus love how hydrating it is.
it is a really moisturizing treatment
i like that it's very moisturizing but not slimy.
this cream is very moisturizing.
this cream is very hydrating
it does a great job at hydrating
it moisturizes really well for me
formula was not fast absorbent
i normally use eye creams just for some hydration
hydrating on the skin
its very rich and hydrating.
gels are too drying
this cream does a good job moisturizing
it is moisturizing as well
light-weight lotion that is hydrating
it moisturizes really well
chlorine makes my skin extra dry
glamglow's hydrating mask with no progress
i followed with an intense moisturizer for even more hydration
exfoliate at the same time- this is it
this is the only hydrating mask i have tried
i feel that it exfoliates well too
it somehow manages to exfoliate
moisturize all at the same time
this mask is very nourishing
this mask provides just the right amount of exfoliation for my sensitive skin
moisturizers is a win on combination skin
it has enzymes to exfoliate
but it's very good for moisturizing.
i'd say it's similar to pomegranate exfoliating mask by murad
this is hydrating and soothing.
creamy gel that skin just drinks it up
moisturizers it well without making it greasy
i love this mask for hydrating.
it goes on like an aloe gel
i truly feel like it is hydrating
skin is very soft after rinsing.
it hydrates my skin and gives it a gorgeous glow.
cool creamy gel feels amazing on my skin
this is very moisturizing
moisturizes without making the skin oily.
hydrating mask is not a one time use.
very nice product for exfoliating and hydrating.
this truly is an ultra-moisturizing creme that makes my dry
i like to really use something moisturizing
they weren't moisturizing enough
it is very moisturizing
the cream is super rich
hydrating cream with no scent
i don't appreciate strong scent on moisturizing cream
it is the thickest most moisturizing creme i have ever used
it is very moisturizing
as a moisturizer for dry skin
the best moisturizing creme i've ever used
this creme is very moisturizing and absorbs well.
try the ptr 10% glycolic moisturizer
for that reason i always used ultra light facial moisturizers so as not to clog pores
the oxygenating mask for valentine's day
it is highly moisturizing
the cream moisturizes without being sticky
this is the only moisturizer that i have found that really hydrates my face
this is a luxurious and effective moisturizer.
this cream is very rich
needed something that moisturizes all day
very hydrating eye cream!
thought it was very hydrating
it's a smooth fast absorbing hydrating
daily moisturizing/wrinkle reduction-- on my upper lip
moisturizes like nothing else
the benefiance is too moisturizing for use under my concealers
it is super hydrating
this one goes on really light and is hydrating.
this product lives up to its name- very moisturizing
definitely moisturizes extremely well
i also think it should moisturize/hydrate more than it does
it really hydrates the eye area
this is a very thick cream and very moisturizing.
this is the most moisturizing eye cream
this eye cream is very moisturizing.
also very rich and hydrating.
this eye cream is consistently reliable in moisturizing my dry skin around the eyelids
it's easy to apply and hydrates well.
it is hydrating and goes on well before makeup.
low for an eye cream that is really moisturizing
it's moisturizing but still soothing.
my dermatologist said to drink more water because by adding hydration to your body + using a moisturizing/anti aging cream that should take care of it
an wonderfully hydrating product for the under-eye area
it's very rich and hydrating without being greasy
it is wonderful for hydrating.
it is indeed intensely hydrating
it is very hydrating
it is super-hydrating.
extra moisturizing without being greasy.
it is really nourishing
t's really hard to find something that's moisturizing for my cheeks
moisturizing without being greasy or tough to rub in
this korres greek yogurt moisturizing face cream is the best
the moisturizer absorbs well into my skin.
it not only does a great job moisturizing
isn't drying like a gel
korres greek yoghurt moisturizing cream makes my skin soft
i've found that this moisturizer is truly perfect for moisturizing the skin as well as avoiding build up in pores
an amazing moisturizer for combination to oily skin
it's hydrating and great for day and bedtime.
this moisturizer is so creamy and nourishing.
it is very light but also very moisturizing.
it's hard to find a moisturizer that can hydrate my skin without over-hydrating my skin
this moisturizer hydrates without being greasy or leaving the skin looking shiny
this one hydrates like no other
it's how the moisturizer can be so hydrating
it moisturizes your entire face.
others were not moisturizing enough
hydrates even the most sensitive
recommend to anyone in search of a hydrating
no breakouts, very moisturizing.
the quercetin does not pill when applied over acne lotion
a lovely preservative free nourishing moisturizer
it's too moisturizing for summer
this moisturizer is so soothing
the greek yoghurt is an all natural way to moisturize that leaves my skin feeling soft
as well as instantly moisturize it
hydrates without feeling oily
use it for moisturizing throughout the day
i've found it very moisturizing without making my eyelids oily
this is very hydrating
it is so hydrating
it also helps to exfoliate around the lip area
this is a great moisturizing cream to use both day
this is ultra-hydrating
it moisturizes very well
it not only hydrates my skin
my clinique moisturizing gel for type 3 skin
when paired with the moisturizing gel
the clarifying lotion my skin is less oily
i follow up with the moisturizing gel
the dramatically different moisturizing gel
it's not very hydrating
i will apply the clinique gel moisturizer or moisture surge
he loves that it is moisturizing without being greasy
this lotion really moisturizes his dry skin without making him look shiny
he loves that it is moisturizing without being greasy
this is really the same product as the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
hydrates my skin without making it feel oily.
it's a very moisturizing eye cream.
it is hydrating without being greasy
i will say that the cream is very hydrating
it's a very hydrating cream that helps puff out small wrinkles
i've found this one to be the nicest in terms of hydrating
they are both very moisturizing.
i really like the moisturizing aspect of this cream
this cream moisturizes my delicate eye area all day long
it certainly hydrates well
it's creamy and does moisturize my eye area.
this is the one that feels most hydrating
this product is perfect to moisturize the eye area during the drying winter weather
this stuff is very moisturizing.
actually hydrates the delicate skin
love it moisturizing and lifting effects
this undereye cream works well for moisturizing
so far this is moisturizing my eyes.
follow with a more hydrating cleanser
the creamy cleanser lathers really well
this is so moisturizing it never leaves my face dry
nothing a deeply hydrating moisturizer can't h
it is an excellent value purchase as a moisturizing eye cream
it's not quite hydrating enough as an pm eye cream
i like it for its moisturizing
i love how moisturizing this cream is
it is creamy, light-weight and very moisturizing.
the formula is easily spreadable and lightweight.
that's still very hydrating
this eye cream is light while hydrating
this is a great basic eye cream that's very moisturizing
very moisturizing, and really does depuff.
truly moisturizing gel that is absorbed quickly
it truly is lightweight but very moisturizing.
this eye cream is very nourishing
still very moisturizing for the eye area
i previously used the fresh rose hydrating eye gel
it didn't hydrate or moisturize nearly enough
such a nice feel to it- cooling gel.
doesn't crease at all when i use it with smashbox under eye hydrating primer
this cream moisturizes deeply
no anti-aging benefits but it is very hydrating.
most are just moisturizers.
it offers light moisturization
very moisturizing, yet also lightweight.
it's really a gel-cream
i personally think this cream is good for hydrating
typically use it after i moisturize
it does a great job of moisturizing
it is the silkiest most moisturizing formula i've tried
i look for a hydrating cream
the texture is like a gel-cream.
very nice moisturizing eye gel.
seems to need exfoliating now
it's moisturizing without being greasy feeling/looking
very hydrating formula is perfect for him
this product is super moisturizing.
now he moisturizes everyday!
this is a great lightweight moisturizer that hydrates his skin without making it greasy
this lotion does a great job keeping my skin moist
with the clinique m gel-lotion
it's a good moisture gel for very oily skin.
it was moisturizing enough for the whole day
to my surprise it is very moisturizing
i wasn't a fan of the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
it feels moisturizing yet light
it gives me enough moisturization
the lotion itself is very lightweight
this moisturizer absorbs so fast
however the clinique moisturizing gel has met my needs
just enough moisturizing for my type of skin
great at moisturizing away even the roughest of dry patches
it moisturizes really nicely
i am very very picky with moisturizers
clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel will be a favorite of mine for life
this moisturizing my skin without leaving it greasy or coated
take care to get the moisturizing gel
not the moisturizing lotion
t is a dream to finally use a moisturizer that hydrates my skin without excess oiliness
i prefer the gel moisturizers
my skin is acne prone to oily lotions
i first received a sample of the moisturizing gel
this gel surprised me by moisturizing much more effectively than my other moisturizers
it doesn't feel heavy and it's hydrating.
i've recently been diving into serums as a way to add hydration to my skin
its hydrating without being greasy.
clear moisturizing gel to this moisturizer
it's the first moisturizer that gives my combo/oily skin the hydration it needs without leaving a residue
this is moisturizing without making the face too oily throughout the day
how hydrating it is
this moisturizer is light enough to moisturize without clogging my pores
moisturizing it is without being greasy
this is already not moisturizing enough
i really like this moisturizing
it is a moisturizing gel formula
then i put this moisturizing gel on
the gel is light
hydrating gel mask that i got in sephora play box
used it occasionally as a face mask with hydrating results
i've tried just about every hydrating mask sephora has to offer for my dry skin caused by tanning
while it is hydrating
i exfoliated at night
this is a gentle moisturizing face mask that smells amazing
it moisturizes very well
i love how my skin feels from the moisturizing scrub
it's hydrating as well
it is my new holy grail moisturizing treatment mask
this mask is soothing and hydrating.
does a great job of hydrating your skin
it rehydrates the skin really well
it's also very moisturizing!
does its job in hydrating but toning not so much.
hydrates my insanely dry skin
it's pretty light yet hydrating
totally fell in love with its hydrating
the main ingredient that hydrates is glycerin
i find this mask to be extremely hydrating
it also has a good amount of antioxidants
it is very moisturizing and with spf30!
they are not hydrating enough for me
and yet it is very moisturizing.
also moisturizes your skin
this container helps the antioxidants remain stable
it is moisturizing without being overwhelming on my oily-combination skin
high potency daily moisturizing lotion is a moisturizing lotion with an spf of 30
high potency daily moisturizing lotion appears to be excellent
it is very moisturizing
this is the first lotion i've found that moisturizes my skin
because of its exfoliating properties
this lotion has fruit acids in it
this is an excellent facial moisturizer.
this is a really good light moisturizer with fruit acids that smooth the skin
it also moisturizes your skin at the same time
it moisturizes adequately plus you get sun protection
it moisturizes but doesn't feel greasy at all.
the product moisturizes all day
i love how hydrating this eye cream is
hydrating enough to soften lines
the consistency of the lotion is perfect: moisturizing
feels nice on eyes- hydrates
emollient without being greasy under makeup
it is very moisturizing
it's the perfect amount of moisturization
i tried their moisturizing sorbet cream
it hydrates my dry skin and gives it a nice glow.
this foamy cleanser has no exfoliation yet my skin looks ridiculously clear
the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
then lastly a moisturizing lotion which is in a yellow tube
the moisture surge moisturizer
moisturizes your skin after you rinse it off
i exfoliate twice a week
it somewhat feels hydrating in a way
hyaluronic acid creams/serums
b's primer all over moisturized skin
very light refreshing moisturizer.
plumping with hydration after applying
while it continues to moisturize your skin from within
i generally need something more hydrating than this
the product is thin and unscented.
it is not super emollient
this moisturizers helps my acne
intensely moisturizing yet sensitive on blemish prone skin
lightweight, hydrating, clean feeling.
feels almost like a moisturizing gel to me
this is moisturizing enough for my skin
moisturizes, but doesn't create more oil.
it's moisturizing enough to use in your night routine also
still hydrates my dry
it's leaves behind a moisturizing finish.
it hydrates your face wonderfully
moisturize you skin after uses
this cleanser works wonders to moisturize
massaging this milky cream
very hydrating while it takes off makeup
add a boost of hydration/smoothness
it hydrates and keeps your skin bright all day.
love this serum it is so hydrating
it's hard to find a hydrating serum that works.
i exfoliate 1-2x a week
moisturizes more than i expected
my skin has needs extra moisturizing
i feel it's a nourishing
i can feel it moisturizing my skin immediately
my skin needed more pampering
the moisturizer is equally rich
i love how lightweight yet moisturizing this product is
nourishing for my skin
this isn't quite as moisturizing as some of the other products i've used
moisturizes well all day
this my favorite moisturizing cream with spf
still protects my fair skin from the sun while moisturizing
the antioxidants make it look healthy
this moisturizer is wonderfully thick
you can tell instantly that it is hydrating your skin
this hydrates very well without feeling greasy
have little need for ultra moisturizing cremes
i love that it hydrates the skin
this face cream feels lightweight yet effectively hydrating with out being greasy
i only gave this 4 stars because it's not very moisturizing
this one seems to moisturize me
my favorite lancome moisturizing face cream!
not greasy yet very moisturizing
it is creamy enough for my dry winter skin
it's very very light and moisturizing.
this is an excelllent product for hydrating
when i need more moisture than clinique gel
usually creams for dry skin are haeviy
it give you just the perfect balance between a moisturizing
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
in fact it seems moisturizing in a way
it's more like an exfoliator.
this formula is very gentle and not drying.
oily skin that requires constant exfoliation.
not only is it deeply hydrating
this cream is ultra-rich
i find this product moisturizes very well.
this is lightweight yet can moisturize so well.
moisturizing without being greasy
so creamy and so hydrating.
this cream moisturizes completely without feeling at all greasy
i absolutely love this moisturizer -- it is hydrating
it has helped a lot to moisturize
it is super moisturizing
these creams are ultra-rich
it's just so hydrating
very gentle, moisturizing and protective.
it is very moisturizing, but not greasy.
is by far the most moisturizing serum i have tried
because it's so moisturizing
takes off all my makeup and hydrates my skin.
this is a great simple moisturizing facial cleanser that removes makeup well
i don't expect it to exfoliate
i would definitely repurchase this product it is moisturizing
light, smells good, moisturizing.
it's light nut moisturizing enough for me.
it's great for the day and it's super hydrating.
it's very light, but moisturizing.
this lotion is lightweight
this is a luxurious moisturizer that feels hydrating
is able to fully moisturize my very dry skin
my favorite is this emulsion
this is a luxurious fluid
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
the moisturizing that it brings is great
usually moisturizers that contain spf are really thick
luxurious without over hydrating
shiseido benefiance daytime protective emulsion is the best moisturizer i have found for mature skin
it's hydrating enough for my dry skin with spf
moisturizes skin very well throughout the night
it's got a noticeable moisturizing effect
it does a really good job of moisturizing my dry skin
product does a great job to moisturize my skin.
the cream is super moisturizing
being more diligent with exfoliating twice a week
this cream is very moisturizing without being oily
its great for moisturizing
it's not moisturizing enough by itself for winter for my dry ish skin
it's very moisturizing so i don't need a lot.
completely hydrates my skin
truly hydrates my skin
this cream is hydrating.
i add on the bio-performance line for extra moisturizing
it was very moisturizing
it does a good job of moisturizing throughout the night
it is super hydrating
it is very rich and it moisturizes perfectly.
good night cream, really moisturizes mature skin.
shiseido revitalizing cream is amazing.
hydrating cream that makes your skin flawless
luxurious rich night cream to help deeply moisturize dry skin
is actually very hydrating
this is a great nighttime emulsion.
at the same time you can feel that this product is quite hydrating for an emulsion
i usually switch to more hydrating products during winter
squalane are responsible for the great hydration
i find this to be extremely moisturizing
very moisturizing yet delicate enough that it doesn't clog my pores
it's moisturizing yet dry enough to apply my primer
i like the night emulsion because it really does hydrate my skin
it is rich and very hydrating.
for dry skin it is so moisturizing
use a tinted moisturizing lotion over it with spf
the emulsion is a good moisturizer
the area is moisturized that concealer doesn't crease
this cream is very rich
it hydrates my skin
i really am enjoying this product as it feels very hydrating
this is a very moisturizing eye cream.
it is extremely hydrating
it is so moisturizing as to leave a shiny finish
s down the most moisturizing eye cream on the market
it's great on cuticles too
this cream is very rich
this is super hydrating
feels very soothing and moisturizing.
this product is very hydrating
it is the most hydrating eye cream ive ever tried
it is instantly hydrating
it was super moisturizing
this is the most intensive cream for hydration!
it is an excellent hydrate
very creamy, moisturizing eye cream!
this is the most hydrating eye cream i've used.
i used bobbi brown's hydrating eye cream
this shiseido cream has both the benefits of hydrating
it really hydrates my dry eye area
moisturizing enough to fill in my fine lines
this seems like a highly moisturizing thick cream
it's hydrating, and my skin is smoother.
this cream offers the benefits of preventing wrinkles while hydrating
it is very hydrating but not greasy.
this eye cream is extremely moisturizing.
its great at moisturizing
hydrates the under-eye area very well
i love how hydrating it is.
it is so moisturizing
find it gives a perfect matte finish while still being hydrating
this isn't the most moisturizing product i have ever used
have to moisturize in the morning
it's not moisturizing enough for the nighttime.
it's just moisturizing enough to keep my skin from over-producing oil
other than being not moisturizing enough for my winter skin
this emulsion is really great
non-greasy while truly moisturizing my skin
it's thin, watery, hydrating, and mattifying.
it absorbs well and hydrates.
this moisturizer is nothing short of miraculous in how it both moisturizes
it also moisturizes well
the moisturize lasts all day long
hydrating without being oily.
it provides hydration with no waxy
it is a very lightweight moisturizer that is giving my skin the perfect amount of moisture
moisturizing and great to use under makeup.
and it's super light and hydrating.
feels nice and hydrating for oily/combo skin.
most acne/oily skin cleansers have harsh emollients that strip your skin
toners for "oily" skin
it's very lightweight yet moisturizing
it is not very moisturizing, however.
it's matifying but moisturizing at the same time.
moisturizes skin for quite a while
it is a lightweight moisturizer as described.
this moisturizer definitely does what it says on the description: hydrating
i needed a moisturizer that wouldn't produce excess oil while at the same time hydrating my cheeks
this gel cream combines the lightweight
drinkable moisture of a gel with the silkiness of a cream
it feels like gel
i wouldn't say its moisturizing
it moisturizes very well.
which means it's got moisturizing ingredients
this moisturizer provides the perfect amount of hydration without feeling greasy
it hydrates my skin without stickiness, likes it!
i like both moisturizers in the pureness line
wish it was a little more moisturizing
it is very hydrating
this gel-cream is the best moisturizing cream i have ever used
i've never had a moisturizing cream that smelled this nice before
it absorbs quickly and moisturizes my skin well!
this is my favorite moisturizing cream.
la mer's moisturizing gel cream was awesome
still moisturize really well
it does a good job moisturizing my face
the gel-cream is amazingly lightweight
it's so lightweight yet moisturizes so well.
i struggle with finding night creams that are moisturizing enough for my very dry skin
it is so moisturizing
is really moisturizing without a sticky or greasy feeling
it's moisturizing, yet not heavy.
light moisturizers are just not enough for my dehydrated skin
while i wouldn't call this a light moisturizing
this is very moisturizing
this is a very nourishing product.
while it does moisturize
it's super moisturizing without the greasy feeling
keeps skin moisturize without making skin oily.
this is the only one that actually hydrates my skin at night
this moisturizer is amazing for hydration!
find this product to be very moisturizing
this is one of the most hydrating creams i've ever used
the cream is light and hydrates my skin well.
allergic to the emulsifiers that bind spf to moisturizers
very good for moisturizing
it hydrates yet isn't greasy.
it moisturizes really really well
the texture of this cream is lightweight
this cream is rich, hydrating, and luxurious.
i actually use this as a night cream because its really moisturizing
wonderful cream, super hydrating but lightweight.
most anti-aging moisturizers are very drying to those with sensitive
is super moisturizing without causing any breakouts
it moisturizes my face
the cream is "cooling" on application
find that after use it moisturizes
exfoliates my skin so well that when i put my facial lotion on afterwards my skin feels as smooth as a babies
ready for my daily moisturizing regimen
use a more hydrating cleanser in the morning
dryer or older skin may need extra moisturizing
i want to get the moisturizing lotion now
moisturize your face visibly
didn't notice an exfoliating effect
just the right amount of moisturizing properties as well
this is a lightweight emulsion
this emulsion provides just the right amount of hydration for my combination skin
this emulsion is amazing in the morning
adequately moisturizing my face through the day
its moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
it's moisturizing yet ideal for combination/oily skin
it really feels like it's moisturizing deep into my pores
protects my skin while moisturizing at the same time
it's just so hydrating but not greasy and heavy.
this product moisturizes my face very well
a moisturiser/on the warm days i use an emulsion with spf 15
i will say that while this is not the most moisturizing cream
rich and a great moisturizer for dry skin.
the moisturizing cream is just right not too watery
this cream is very moisturizing
maybe a bit too moisturizing for my skin type
the only complaint i have is it's not very moisturizing
moisturizing really tiny bit of amount is good enough
it is certainly hydrating
it does it's job of moisturizing
this cream is super moisturizing which is great for my dry skin
it's very gentle and hydrating.
gently moisturizes eye area
definitely moisturizing without looking or feeling greasy
this stuff is really moisturizing and drys fast.
perfectly enough to moisturize your eye
very hydrating without feeling greasy or heavy.
i still think this moisturizes better than most
definitely on the moisturizing side
go out it hydrates the skin all day
this is an excellent emollient moisturizer for people with very dry skin
it moisturizes so good!
it is very hydrating
it's super moisturizing too.
what a creamy, moisturizing eye cream!
it moisturize very well.
rich and moisturizing without being greasy.
i can confirm it does help with moisturizing
moisturizes without being too heavy
want a nice rich moisturizing eye cream
i know that this cream is moisturizing
i didn't find it to be exfoliating
doesn't dry or over moisturize my skin
excess sebum over other gel cleansers
because it's a really liquid gel
moisturizing product mildly lathers into what feels more like a treatment than a face wash
especially after a mild exfoliation this product will calm
do a good job of moisturizing
this cleanser is so hydrating
moisturizing while it removes all of my makeup
this product is very moisturizing.
moisturizing and great for sensitive skin.
i like it for it's moisturizing qualities
feels very spa-like.
this one is much more hydrating
hydrating cleanser for dry sensitive skin
while also moisturizing my skin without oiliness
i needed something more moisturizing for winter
soothing, moisturizing, and non-irritating.
soothing, moisturizing, calming and rinses clean.
nice, gentle hydrating cleanser.
it is very hydrating leaves my face super soft
it's hydrating and doesn't sting (on me).
this eye gel is light and cooling.
most gels are sticky
this one is very hydrating
the ren eye gel is moisturizing
it is cooling, and soothing.
the gel formula is cooling
this gel is moisturizing and very light.
the gel is very soothing
is not very moisturizing so she still wears a moisturizer over it
it's not super moisturizing or anything
the gel is very soothing and easy to apply.
hydrating going on without being greasy
it is a light creamy lotion
night creams to be soothing
it's very lightweight and moisturizing.
for being such a moisturizing
it's very moisturizing without feeling greasy or heavy
it perfectly moisturizes the dry areas
it is soothing and moisturizes deep.
the product really rejuvenates
it's definitely very moisturizing.
it moisturizes very good
it's detoxifying without striping my skin.
the rubbing seems to help with exfoliation as well
i exfoliate when rinsing the product off
uses a nice way of chemically exfoliating the buildup of dead skin
milky when most acne cleansers are gel/foam
products that hydrate don't do anything for the oil/acne
it is not overly moisturizing
very hydrating with weightless feel, like water.
it is a creamy cleanser
especially with exfoliation products
i don't find it hydrating or drying which works for me
perfect texture for an exfoliating product.
this exfoliating wash has really helped make my skin smoother
give this gentle exfoliator a try
gentle exfoliator -- gentle enough to use everyday
exfoliate my clean skin in the morning with philosophy's microdelivery exfoliating wash
exfoliating and leaves my skin so soft and clean
i notice that if i exfoliate before
i love this exfoliant.
this provides great exfoliation for the face!
it does exfoliate gently
appreciate the thorough yet gentle exfoliating action
i love this microdelivery exfoliating wash.
as an exfoliator, it's great.
it would exfoliate nicely
i love this exfoliating face wash.
none of the exfoliating stuff
it is a gentle exfoliating cleanser that leaves my face feeling smooth
i love how much it exfoliates
i love the exfoliating quality
this is a great gentle exfoliating scrub
it also provides gret exfoliation without irritating my face
ok so even though i've been moisturizing heavily
it is not over exfoliating at all
soothing with tiny exfoliating scrubs that helps
not moisturize your skin
the exfoliate is so super fine it is not harsh on your skin
great exfoliation but gentle of every day.
this exfoliating face wash is fantastic.
use this exfoliator after
it does mildly exfoliate
it really exfoliates without being harsh.
i can't get enough of this exfoliating wash.
exfoliate skin very gently
get irritated with too much exfoliation
this wash is exfoliating without completely drying my skin out
it exfoliates my very sensitive skin without drying it out
this exfoliator is perfect for my sensitive skin.
i am an exfoliating junkie
which is always a concern with exfoliates
it is effective as an exfoliating scrub
major exfoliation as that process really dries my skin
it's very hydrating and is absorbed quickly.
light primer during the day with cerave hydrating face wash
it feels super refreshing and hydrating.
the chanel hydrating serum
reacts as if it's oily to many different moisturizers
this nighttime moisturizer softens the skin
the formula is packed with antioxidants
it's lightweight but feels very hydrating.
has beneficial antioxidant ingredients
it moisturises my skin
i like the extra moisturizing power of the night one
uber emollient under eye moisturizers that really didn't provide the long term benefits that this product does
it's lightweight yet moisturizing.
it is very light feeling but very moisturizing.
it moisturizes very well
if this one becomes too moisturizing
very moisturizing for night time and not greasy.
many night-time skincare products are overly moisturizing
moisturizes with a lighter h
moisturizes with out making my skin greasy.
while this is an amazing product with all its antioxidants
clinique super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer helps keep my skin soft
switched to super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer
the dry combination formula works great for me- it moisturizes the dry parts
this moisturizer is full of antioxidants
this is a nice antioxidant moisturizer.
the way it moisturizes my oily skin without a greasy feeling
use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
this night cream is chockful of antioxidants
i find this moisturizer heals my skin restoring its vibrancy
it hydrates my skin without feeling oily.
a very luxurious facial lotion that is instantly soothing
is moisturizing without being greasy
for me it was super hydrating and brightening.
this eye cream is moisturizing without being greasy so concealer doesn't crease
i find that it hydrates quite well
it's not extremely moisturizing
it isn't highly moisturizing
this is a great moisturizer for dehydrated oily skin
this lotion absorbs really fast
this lotion absorbs quickly and it is amazing.
however it is not the most moisturizing
i highly recommend this moisturizer for people oily skin in need of moisture
this product hydrates my skin
i stopped using this for a while to try a much more expensive hydrating serum that my aesthetician recommended
it helps moisturize under tazorac
it moisturizes beautifully without making my skin greasy
this lotion is lightweight
to moisturize skin that has lost moisture
it is very moisturizing
even the moisturizers that are made for oily skin
this is the first cream i've tried that hydrates my dry spots
this face lotion provides the right amount of moisture
the ultra moisturizing first aid beauty ultra repair cream for my oily/ combo skin
this has the right amount of moisture i was using the clinique gel lotion beforre this
this product doesn't moisturize quite enough for me
not super moisturizing or heavy
very hydrating and the scent is lovely as well.
this night cream is very moisturizing
this ultra-nutritious night cream absorbs as i sleep
it helps to not only moisturize
high potency daily moisturizing lotion
it is very moisturizing.
it is so moisturizing
this combined with a good exfoliant
paired with the clinique moisture surge moisturizer
use good hydrating moisturizer after this.
if your skin gets dry, moisturise it.
acne solutions clarifying lotion
then moisturize with the clinique even better skin tone correcting moisturizer
i've paired this lotion with the murad exfoliating gel
feel of the acne gel-lotion
didn't make me breakoutso hydrating
i exfoliate with a boscia sponge because it's not as intense
substituting this for the exfoliation gel at night
before i moisturize after shaving
the pads are also great as they do help exfoliate the skin
the pads are gently exfoliating
very hydrating and can be easily absorbed.
it is not moisturizing
moisturizing sorbet after getting the free sample from my sephora points
it is so moisturizing
gave my skin some moisturizing that it needed.
i started getting addicted first to the moisturizing sorbet
it does what it says- it moisturizes
it's so hydrating and lightweight.
it was not moisturizing enough
i love this product because it's non-greasy yet still very moisturizing
certain products can overstimulate or over moisturize
i can feel the cream stimulating my skin
this is very moisturizing.
my skin feels smooth and moisturizer.
i am very picky about my facial moisturizers
wonderful wrinkle cream- very moisturizing
it is moisturizing, lifting and firming.
its perfect at night moisturizing
combined with a great moisturizing
you do need a exfoliating product
then moisturize with the moisture surge gel moisturizer
it exfoliates without being too harsh.
it is also very exfoliating.
this soap doesn't do much for moisturizing
it totally exfoliated my skin
not too creamy not too gel-like
it is great as an exfoliator
it helped with the dryness by letting me exfoliate without all the harshness of other exfoliators
it is a gel-to-foam cleanser, really lightweight.
once i use the hydrating toner it doesnt feel dry at all
prep my skin/pores for serums
the balancing facial tonic
which helps with exfoliation
even oily skin needs a moisturizer
this gel is amazing!
i don't feel it moisturizes at all
its not hydrating or moisturizing enough for the dry winter months though
however i use a super moisturizing cream for my eyes
this gel really moisturizes my skin
it is moisturizing and soothing.
using these products actually adds exfoliation
this is a creamy cleanser
i love the cooling sensation of the gel like creme
the daily moisturizing cream is my favorite step.
moisturizing enough to keep me from flaking
although i love this product as a moisturizing cream
it doesn't over moisturize
it doesn't under moisturize
it is very hydrating without being oily.
this moisturizer soothes my skin
you feel the protection and moisturizing action.
could be a bit more moisturizing though
i also just love how moisturizing it is.
using these products actually adds exfoliation
i feel like it moisturizes relatively well
i wish it was more moisturizing
the fact that it's super-moisturizing al
bobbi brown hydrating intense night cream
exfoliation is the key to any sort of serum or moisturizer
using shiseido skin balancing lotion
it does a great job moisturizing
this night cream is very moisturizing
just moisturize good afterwards.
in need of a good exfoliation
i do moisturize after i wash it off.
a retinol product at night
effectively exfoliates the skin
i feel like this mask really exfoliates with the glycol/latic acid
i calm it down with some chilled aloe moisturizer
i know the benefits go exfoliation are really important
it is not hydrating
be careful with what you mix it with though: i tried mixing it with the clinique moisturizing gel
the powder leaves my shiseido brightening moisturizer very watery
it blends well with moisturizer or a serum
i love that is very moisturizing
it's very moisturizing and smells nice too.
this eye cream moisturizes
they helped moisturize which is great
it's very hydrating and it definately depuffs.
that this is the best hydrating non greasy under eye cream i've ever tried
it is super hydrating
my only drawback is that it isn't very hydrating
can't speak for its moisturizing properties
i did like the moisturizing effect though.
t's not as moisturizing or firming as other products
this cream is also very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
it is hydrating and smooth.
it is very moisturizing
this does a great job of moisturizing my skin without feeling too heavy
it's not as hydrating as the more expensive br
mportant to moisturize with any skin type
clinique moisture surge extended thirst relief has become my favourite moisturizer
i love gel moisturizers
this stuff not only hydrates
deeply hydrates your skin.
healed up a chemical burn so this is very hydrating
this hydrates my skin perfectly without giving that greasy feeling
hydrates your skin amazingly
it is intensely hydrating yet lightweight
this gel like formula dries down while simultaneously hydrating
this does such a great job moisturizing my skin!
i love gel like moisturizers
it hydrates like nobody's business
it is a gel formula
i love gel moisturizers
hydrates enough for winter
it's not quite hydrating enough for my dry areas
it moisturizers my skin so nicely.
not a creamy texture i feel like it can be not as moisturizing for people who have dry skin
moisturizing this is for my dry skin
this moisturizer feels clean and silky.
this is super moisturizing + works great under makeup
this moisturizer is super weightless
is lightweight yet quite moisturizing
i've finally found a moisturizer that actually hydrates my skin
it's light-weight and really moisturizes my skin.
i love how lightweight yet hydrating the gel makes my skin feel
unlike most super hydrating moisturizers this one leaves my face feeling soft
i used clinique clarifying lotion
hydrating at the same time
it has a very rich texture and is very hydrating.
i think it's moisturizing
it moisturizes so much
when i use a exfoliate
it also moisturizes very well for me.
many moisturizers claim to hydrate as well as prime
the tillbury magic cream for a more hydrating formula
it has a gel-like texture.
this is light weight yet very moisturizing.
it's essential for me to have something that truly moisturizes the skin
very very nourishing and not that greasy.
so now i needed a moisturizer that moisturizes instead of a mattifying one
one that moisturizes dry patches
i do not find it moisturizing enough for my skin
it keeps my skin moisturize
it may have some moisturizing properties
great product, moisturizers very well
it moisturizes well without making skin greasy
very moisturizing and smells great!
hydrates your skin so beautifully
the concentrated restorative treatment is a wonderful product
i think it is extremely nourishing
it cleanses my skin very well
it is super moisturizing
it's calming, cleansing and nourishing.
exfoliates without harsh scrubbing!
just wish it had more moisturizing or hydrating benefits
it felt more moisturizing than this one
it is a gently exfoliating, non drying, cleanser.
or exfoliating in texture
the line that i use is the most moisturizing of the perricone lines
put a gentle creamy hydrating cream on top to seal the moisture in
yet it's quite moisturizing
more moisturizing for the night
i feel that it delivers what it promises in hydrating the eye area
it moisturizes the eye area
then use a moisturizing cream on top of that
dry skin with the nutritive
moisturizes it as well
this cream is very hydrating
i don't think it's hydrating enough
it moisturizes without being heavy and greasy.
deeply hydrating cream that is too heavy for daytime use for me personally
moisturize w other perricone products
cleanses the skin well
is also very hydrating
turns out the moisturizing effect of this product was all my skin needed
very hydrating throughout the day
this cleanser is ultra moisturizing
you can feel the oils in it hydrating your skin long after washing your face
it is a foam cleanser that is creamy
it's moisturize my skin
this is one of the best hydrating serum i've tried
afterwards i moisturize with ultra repair cream
because it's a lotion moisturizer texture
it is deliciously moisturizing
it hydrates my skin
this serum is so wonderfully hydrating
very moisturizing yet light in feel
this is perfect as it's creamy enough to moisturize
this really moisturizes my skin
i love how this is so moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being too heavy
still moisturizes my dry skin
it moisturize, matt finish, not oily.
this product is emollient
it really does moisturize
for the winter i needed some lasting hydrating treatment
it has hyaluronic acids-which can be essential for younger looking skin
i absolutely love this hydrating day cream.
it hydrates my dry skin greatly.
highly moisturizing without being heavy/greasy.
i must say its very hydrating
very moisturizing without feeling heavy.
amazing at hydrating my skin.
great product that moisturizes the skin while being lightweight
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
this moisturizer is super hydrating yet light
it will be great for winter as is it very moisturizing
just straight up moisturizing goodness
it moisturizes all day in my desert climate.
it's very hydrating, not greasy.
lightweight but enough to moisturize.
very nice, lightweight and moisturizing.
this day cream is moisturizing
it's almost like a moisturizing mask
it is so nourishing
it's not greasy but is incredibly hydrating.
this moisturizer is the only one i've used that moisturizes enough
it moisturizes without the greasy feel.
i absolutely love this moisturizing
really feel like this does a great job at moisturizing my skin
it is not quite moisturizing for my dry winter skin
hydrates my skin when dry
this moisturize has helped keep my skin smooth
this moisturizer helps to neutralize the redness so well
moisturizing though it absorbs quickly
perfectly moisturizes my 19 year old skin
no allergic reactions, feels pretty hydrating.
this cream is so calming
it moisturizes for sure
is quite hydrating without resulting in an oil slick
it definitely hydrates and soothes the skin.
its pretty thick and moisturizing i love it!
this cream is cooling
this moisturizer feels lightweight
sensitive skin hg moisturizer
it hydrates my skin
i never paid that much for an hydrating gel or cream product before
one of the top trending hydrating overnight mask
it's hydrating without being oily.
hydrates without getting oily.
and moisturizes the skin at the same time.
it will still moisturize the driest peeling skin
however it wasn't as moisturizing as i hoped.
still not hydrating enough for me
it moisturizes my skin without making it oily!
hydrating my dry spots
this product spreads easily and is moisturizing.
this lotion is hydrating
it hydrates just enough
lightweight but moisturizing, very soothing.
this moisturizer is the only one i've used that moisturizes where you need moisture
it is very hydrating to my dry skin.
serums this soaks in beautifully to my skin making it baby soft
a little too moisturizing for me to use under makeup
also very hydrating for winter
i love this cream because it's very hydrating
i found it to be very hydrating
in my opinion is more hydrating
i also use the rose hydrating face serum now
it's that extra moisturizing boost to give me happy skin
my requirements are reasonable: moisturize without feeling greasy
moisturizing cream i have been using at night
was so surprised at how hydrating it was
none of my moisturizers are overly moisturizing because i don't need it with how oily my skin usually is
it's hydrating without leaving a greasy layer.
very moisturizing but also absorbs quickly.
this cream is just moisturizing enough
it is really hydrating
this stuff is moisturizing without making my skin break out
super hydrating on my dry skin
seems very moisturizing and normalizing.
also a moisturizing serum that really has a supurb effect
this moisturizer feels luxurious
as it's very hydrating
the texture is like a super thick lotion
in my dry areas it hydrates
it does a good job of moisturizing
appears to do a decent job at moisturizing
it is hydrating and very softening.
this product cleanses wonderfully
ready for a deeper exfoliation
it doesn't moisturize your skin
it's not as moisturizing
mousse radiance is a great cleanser for oily skin types
josie maran exfoliating wash powder wash
the formula is creamy and lathers very well.
it is very hydrating as well as exfoliating.
worked perfectly as an exfoliate
it lathers exceptionally well
it lathers extremely well
really good at removing highly pigmented cosmetics
i apply the belif moisturizing creme for the ultimate moisture
this oil is so moisturizing
it was also very moisturizing for my dry skin as well
i also mix a few drops with first aid beauty's hydrating cream
fasali didn't moisturize me enough
my cuticles are especially dry
moisturized cuticles make all the difference with manicures
it's moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
it does a great job hydrating especially when used with drunk elephants whipped moisturizer
it's very light and nourishing.
with myself having combo skin i found this product hydrates
so moisturizing and perfect for my skin
really helps with hydrating dry spots
this product is super hydrating!
no amount of exfoliation of moisturizing was helping
this one feels so moisturizing
it is soooo hydrating
it is super hydrating
gives it the ideal amount of moisturizing it needs
its an all around hydrating workhorse.
these moisturize without any greasy feel
it feels so hydrating
leaves my skin feeling fresh and moisturizers.
it's so moisturizing, but doesn't look greasy.
i am a hydrating serum junkie.
hydrating serums are part of my morning skin care routine
i love how its so light but moisturizing.
it is very hydrating- no more clogged pores from lotions
benefit the skin when applied topically
this product is great at hydrating target areas!
this is an amazing hydrating serum it absorbs so nicely into the skin
am very pleased with with the hydrating effects
she recommended i lightly exfoliate it
with hydration serums people expect to see a difference within days
the hydrating power is great
very useful to moisturize your skin
have taken really good care of my skin with moisturizing
it is proven that hyaluronic acid is moisturizing to your skin
this hydrates with no greasiness or breakouts
moisturizes my combination skin.
i really love the slightly exfoliating effect of this cream
this moisturizer provides the perfect amount of moisture to my skin
does a good job of moisturizing my skin without making it feel oily
moisturizes my skin amazingly
i needed a heavier moisturizer due to the drying effects of the glycolic facial wash i've been using
that would also moisturize very well
fast absorbing lightweight moisturizer
it's not greasy but moisturizes well.
for summer i would use ddf ultra-lite spf30 moisturizing dew
oddly moisturizing at the same time
otherwise it was light and moisturizing.
i like it because this is very moisturize
thanks clinique for making a facial sunscreen for oily skin
feels like it moisturizes for the whole day
this hydrates like no other
- rich cream moisturizes without any greasy feeling
that its very moisturizing
when paired withclinique super rescue antioxidant night moisturizer
it moisturizes my dry skin well
hydrating as well as has spf
moisturizes all while protecting from sun damage
it does what it is supposed to: moisturizes
it's moisturizing but not greasy.
this moisturizes it very well
that it is really moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being greasy
moisturizes where i need it
i love that it moisturizes
moisturizes enough that i'm not flakey either
it also moisturizes very well
wash because it's so hydrating to my h
wash once a day because it's very hydrating
i also love the rose hydrating spray.
very very moisturizing i love the whole jurlique line
moisturizing not to forget about the amazing smell
this moisturizer is so rich to a dry skin
its the only moisturizer that soothes
very rich and soothing moisturizer.
this is the first product i've found that hydrates really well
once you add all that other stuff the greasiness is diminished to a moisturizing glow
this moisturizer is extremely moisturizing
after i exfoliate my skin needs moisture
moisturizes my skin all day long
this cream is so hydrating!
i can't emphasize enough how moisturizing
moisturizes me as much as i need
hydrates those areas very effectively
this moisturizes my eyes really well
does great job hydrating the eye area
i think this cream definitely helps with that because of its good moisturizing element
it's super hydrating without being heavy
i love this product because it is so hydrating
this is super hydrating
but its gentle and moisturizing.
this cream is ultra hydrating without being greasy
also love the cooling feeling of this moisturizer
it's mattifying and lightweight on the skin.
it moisturizes my skin
while still being moisturizing
this is not only moisturizing
this is amazingly mattifying
i switch to a more hydrating moisturizer in the winter
moisturizers to control my oily skins
super foamy cleanser that brightens the skin without dryness
i think if i didn't use the moisturizing toner
after rinse off, skin feels very natural.
the facial wash is extremely gentle
plus it really hydrates the eye area
i also had used clinique moisturizing gel
that wasn't moisturizing enough for my skin during the winter
it's definitely very moisturizing.
it really moisturizes all day
moisturizing anti- wrinkle cream that has a 15 spf
i love how hydrating it is after i wash off my makeup
i moisturize my face everyday
love the texture cause it's really moisturizing.
this eye cream is very moisturizing
is moisturizing enough to last all day
i find it to be hydrating
this new eye cream has everything-hydrating
the only problem is it is not moisturizing.
it is not hydration cream.
i've tried retinol creams of other br
i love this retinol lotion.
then use the sephora anti-aging moisturizing cream over it
like dermabrasion in a lotion.
retinol has so many uses
since this retinol is blended with calming ingredients
moisturizing cream as well
if you are really sensitive to retinol products
brightening effects of other retinol serums
retinol creams in tubes can leak
other retinol creams for years
my skin is "used to" retinol
i controlled the flakiness with moisturizers
finally a retinol cream without parabens
i'll be switching with moisturizers.
moisturizing at the same time
it's not as good as the boscia revitalizing black hydration gel
it really hydrates well
it is a very rich moisturizer
this is lightweight and hydrating.
it is important to moisturize
it's super light but super moisturizing.
pros: great for my sensitive skinsmells nicelightweightnon greasyhas dispenservery hydrating
this is a super lightweight moisturizer that packs a punch of hydration
keep the antioxidants stable
moisturizing properties then add 2 drops of your favorite oil to it
this is a wonderful hydrating moisturizer.
i’ve tried layering a hydrating serum under the moisturizer during the winter months
moisturizes without making my face oily!
many moisturizers with anti-aging benefits are too oily for the day
while moisturizing while at the same time feeling light
it moisturizes without being heavy or oily.
is light yet very moisturizing
light yet moisturizes really well
hydrates without being heavy.
hydrating and smoothing but not sticky.
this moisturizer feels great and absorbs quickly.
the gel is very lightweight
it feels smooth and moisturizing going on.
exfolikate acne clearing exfoliating treatment
natural, botanical oils cleanse while hydrating.
great start for any regimen to exfoliate
it really cleanses the skin
i still moisturize after using it
moisturize after using it
exfoliating twice a week with exfolikate
highly recommend for combo skin and oily skin.
it has a nice smooth mattifying effect yet moisturizes without being greasy
for me its not really a healing lotion for dry skin
perfect moisturizer for oily skin.
it moisturizes my skin fairly well.
i like that it moisturizes deeply
it also feels like it does a great job moisturizing for an oil free moisturizer
plenty hydrating on my combo skin
it is moisturizing enough that my skin isn't dry anymore
it will not be moisturizing enough for normal to dry skin
it's a very lightweight lotion that absorbs easily
moisturizing then nourish is a great choice
very light weight yet still moisturizers super well
before applying my smashbox photo finish hydrating primer
this moisturizer is hydrating enough without making you feel like a grease ball throughout the day
most moisturizers are heavy
it really hydrates my skin
subtle hydration for oily
low-end moisturizers for combination
it's lightweight yet it moisturizes very well.
with patches of eczema so finding a moisturizer that hydrates my skin after washing
integral part of my skincare regimen
so make sure you moisturize
moisturizing after has kept my face under control
it feels like a light hydrating lotion with no tacky feel or mask-like feeling
it works like a 10% gel
this lotion is not hydrating
make sure to use a nice hydrating lotion afterwards
i definitely need to exfoliate more
before moisturizing in the mornings
light yet it is hydrating enough for my dry winter skin
sting with even the most sensitive moisturizing products
the exfoliating properties of the entire detox line help to reduce dark spots
it absorbs quickly like a gel-cream moisturizer
my skin looks great and it is hydrating enough.
i need a mositurizer that is hydrating
it's a lovely soothing lightweight moisturizer.
i find this on its own is not as moisturizing as the "nourish" by kate somerville
lightweight, yet amazingly moisturizing.
it moisturizes my dry skin the perfect amount
this moisturizing cream worked wonders for me.
i continued using this long after because i find it extremely moisturizing
this moisturizer definitely help moisturize my skin
it doesn't feel moisturizing on my skin
after an exfoliation treatment
hydrates like a thicker cream to me
not to mention that it's wonderful to hydrate the skin
it moisturizers the skin well.
instantly hydrates the skin
it's lightweight and hydrating at the same time.
still hydrates any dry patches
so hydrating, yet absorbs quickly.
deliciously moisturizing cream that absorbs easily
had dry skin patches due to exfoliating
lactic acid provides exfoliation without irritation
avocado oils are so moisturizing
actually calms the skin with aloe
it exfoliates while deeply moisturizing
moisturizer really works wonderfully
it hydrates all of my dry patches
not greasy, and enough moisturize at night.
i needed something more moisturizing in the winter months
the best facial moisturizer if you have dehydrated or dry skin
she explained that the clinique moisture surge is more of a drink of water for my skin rather than actual moisturizing properties
lightweight yet deeply hydrating
really moisturizes at the same time
this purifying exfoliating cleanser is amazing
a natural detoxing essential oil for oily skin
it is an exfoliating cleanser
kate somerville's exfoliating cleanser is fantastic
i love this exfoliator
this was a very nice, soothing, moisturizer.
i found this moisturizer very hydrating without leaving my skin greasy
extremely moisturizing without being heavy or greasy at all
this night cream is ultra-moisturizing
this is a healing cream.
this is the most hydrating eye cream that i have used
creams can only moisturize and maintain.
it's firming and very hydrating.
i also use an exfoliator
this serum is super hydrating
it seems to be very moisturizing
i forget to put moisturizing at night
hydrating my mature skin
because it does such a wonderful job hydrating my skin
it is the only thing i have found that is super hydrating
this was just what i needed because moisturizers are too emollient
it is very moisturizing
it is light moisturizing and not sticky.
absolutely worth splurging on this hydrating serum
i love this hydrating face serum.
smooth serum that really hydrates your skin
hydrating when my skin is oilier than it is during the fall/winter months
it is certainly hydrating without leaving the face oily
it hydrates my skin without making it greasy.
hydrates for hours under a moisturizer
i like the moisturizing result
this is exceptionally hydrating and soothing.
very hydrating serum that can be used alone or underneath a drugstore moisturizer
this foamy cleanser makes cleansing my skin more enjoyable as my skin feels moisturized
it's very creamy and hydrating.
you will need to moisturize after
in fact its actually a bit moisturizing
i just slap on my avene hydrating mask
foams wonderfully, cleanses well.
it is not an extremely hydrating product that's why you use a toner
it is a hydrating cleanser so very little moisturizer goes a long way too
i need a more moisturizing cleanser
at times the amore pacific hydrating cream
it has light and gentle exfoliation beads also.
it's moisturizing, healing , and luxurious.
i usually like a really rough exfoliation
also hydrating it so your skin is soft to the touch
the fresh seaberry moisturizing oil
it hydrates my skin
at the same time, it moisturizes my skin well.
it's so hydrating also
it also moisturizes my skin at the same time
its super moisturizing and removes all makeup
the moisturizers too oily
not only is it super hydrating
but this gel works amazingly.
hydrating my skin feels
i love how it deeply moisturizes
the gel is lightweight but hydrates well.
this cream is so moisturizing
this refreshing hydra-gel is indeed very hydrating
both are blue gel moisturizers
it is undeniably very hydrating
it gives you enough hydrating
bamboo juice does the trick by hydrating deeply without any greasy feeling
it's so hydrating that my pores actually disappeared
excellent moisturizer for oily skin.
moisturizing this product is
now i'm addicted to the rejuvenating serum
moisture bound vitalizing masque as well
this is the first moisturizer i've found that hydrates
at the same time is hydrating
it does very well hydrating the skin
hydrates without making your skin oily
particularly in this gel moisturizer
this one is really hydrating
the oil-free gel is lightweight
this gel is very hydrating
it is extremely moisturizing and absorbant.
feels refreshing and hydrating to the skin
the rejuvenating cream at night offers me the best dryness coverage without greasiness
moisturizing without the sticky, shiny feeling.
this product is very moisturizing
it's super lightweight even though it's so moisturizing
so my conclusion is that the hydra-gel is a good gel moisturizer
for me it was not moisturizing enough for my somewhat dry skin
this moisturizer is the only product i have found that minimizes the wrinkles by really hydrating the skin
i absolutely love gel moisturizers
very hydrating- my skin is smooth
the lotion felt quite soothing
this serum does not hydrate
this is serum is definitely hydrating
using murad's active radiance serum before moisturizing seems to allow the moisturizer to really soak in
it is a very light-weight deep cleansing masque.
the masque is a clear gel out of the tube
this masque really absorbs the oil on my skin
it is cooling to the skin
exfoliate several times a week
then use the clinique exfoliating scrub
very refreshing and helps elimiate blackheads.
moisturizing especially good if you have sensitive skin or rosacea
this serum has many skin nourishing elements
i noticed people that said it wasn't moisturizing--
the moisturizing gives a good hydrating balance
it hydrates your under eye skin
very hydrating and the oil soaks in quickly.
it is very hydrating and lightweight.
i won't be without this evening hydrating lotion.
exfoliate every few days
it is very moisturizing.
worth the money for a rich nightly moisturize
i always use a moisturizer or moisturizing mask after
wash with neostrata skin active exfoliating wash
then exfoliating with the product on a scrublet
the acne soultions spot healing gel
immediately follow it with the moisturizing gel
exfoliates skins very well
i combine this with a bha exfoliant moisturizer
this luxurious day cream moisturizes
it moisturizers without any oiliness throughout the day
it's hydrating without being tacky or super greasy
it moisturizes my skin beautifully
t's glow revitalizing retinol eye cream
the moisturizing effect lasts all day.
this went on smoothly and is very hydrating.
effective cream that hydrates
it isn't heavy, yet it is extremely moisturizing.
almost feels like an overnight hydrating mask
i used a glycolic exfoliating mask that was too strong for my skin
it's not overly-hydrating
creamy lotion that eliminates any bit of dryness
night moisturizer because the hydration is intense
it is thick and very moisturizing.
very moisturizing for my dry skin
it seems to continuously moisturize
is wonderfully moisturizing without being too heavy
very hydrating to mature skin.
this is really hydrating
the cream is very nourishing
it's moisturizing yet not oily
hydrates without being greasy.
this cream moisturizes my extremely dry skin like no other cream can
it a very smooth moisturizer
this cream is very moisturizing
for now i will stick to dramatically different moisturizing gel
this is a great creamy moisturizer
clinique's even better moisturizer hydrates my face
it's wonderfully moisturizing without being greasy or heavy
exfoliating my face well
it's moisturizes well without any residue feeling
acne treatment toner with the even better skin tone correcting moisturizer spf 20
this does not make my skin shine while moisturizing
this eye cream is incredibly hydrating without feeling sticky or greasy
it's also very moisturizing
it's so moisturizing that it works great over a period of time
it is very hydrating
definitely the most hydrating eye cream i've ever used
it's hydrating but does not clog pores.
i love the gel-cream texture.
it is very moisturizing.
also hydrating the skin around my eys
the cream is extremely hydrating
i appreciate that it hydrates the skin around the eyes
this cream is hydrating without being sticky or shiny
this one is really hydrating
- may not be moisturizing enough in the winter time
it is not very hydrating
ultra repair hydrating serum
the milky formula is incredibly soothing on irritable skin without being over-hydrating
yet still being hydrating enough for dry skin types
moisturizing cleansers too oily
didn't find it very hydrating
i usually put this on after moisturizing
before i moisturize it
it feels soothing and cooling.
hydrates in time to moisturize
it is very moisturizing
not only is this moisturizer extremely nourishing
this ultra repair cream intense hydration is a must have for me
it is so moisturizing
soothing the dry skin
not because of it's moisturizing capability on my face
this is amazing for hydrating my dry areas
moisturizing for my sensitive skin
has to be one of the most hydrating moisturizers i've ever used
i over look that factor because it moisturizes my skin so well
moisturizing product that hydrates deep down with exceptional penetration
this is very hydrating
this moisturizer is really good at sealing in the face's natural oils
if you don't use a hydrating serum or an emollient before
finding a moisturizer that actually hydrates my skin
ultra repair cream intense hydration
i needed some good hydrating repair cream after my laser skin treatment
other hydrating repair creams either dry out after a few hours or leaves my skin oily
sometimes i will mix this moisturizer with benefit's "total moisture" facial cream if i want intense hydration
super hydrating especially during these winter months
fields most intense hydrating moisturizer
this thick cream is definitely moisturizing
my skin is usually fine without a super intense hydrating cream
for people with oily skin i believe it would really too moisturizing for them
this cream is truly healing
this is a bit moisturizing
this product isn't vey moisturizing
my only complaint is that it feels moisturizing for about a minute
so far i have tried the moisturizing cream
is moisturizing even on my oily skin
is just enough to moisturize without any residue
serums to combat the dryness
love this retinol as it is gentle
exfoliator compliments this product
it's amazing how it moisturizes
it's hydrating and non irritating.
i feel like i am using a light hydrating oil on the skin
irritating as other exfoliating products
this is an oil retinol
i think the retinol is helping my skin exfoliate
like clinque spot healing gel
great at rehydrating skin.
i added the sephora liquid moisturizing skin concentrate
sephora intensive instant moisturizer to combat the dryness
only retinol product because it is so effective
i get exfoliating around my mouth
most retinol formulations have a
i prefer the drying effect of the retinol because my skin is very oily
it's nondrying enough that i can use it as a hydrating lotion during the summer
it's very moisturizing as well.
it leaves my skin silky soft after removal of sunscreen / sunblocks
the moisturizer is very gentle
t's pores no more anti-aging mattifying lotion goes on beautifully
it exfoliates as well as moisturizes
i usually don't like matte lotions because they don't hydrate the skin
this product moisturizes my face without making it too oily
this lotion is a perfect mix of hydration
this lotion is not drying
this is a great facial lotion.
anti-aging mattifying lotion
this moisturizes just the right amount
i love how it hydrates
it moisturizes so well
super hydrating, non greasy.
it brightens my skin and is very hydrating.
i wanted a moisturizing cream as i live in a dry climate
i think its because it's really moisturizing
moisturizing without being greasy
very moisturizing and soothing on my skin.
this moisturizer is extremely creamy
just the right amount of moisturizing
it is light but moisturizes.
it's my favorite anti-aging cream because it really moisturizes
non-greasy while still able to moisturize well
it moisturizes very well for my skin during the winter
i feel it cleans deeply and hydrates as well.
plus it even moisturizes a bit too!
even the most hardy waterproof mascaras
i feel like the combination of the exfoliation from the pad
was so happy that it was hydrating
moisturize or give the skin a nice finish
it is a serum/moisturizer
such a soothing light moisturizer with just the perfect amount of hydration for the combo
it doesn't make me too oily while hydrating my skin
don't feel hydrating at all
facial radiance pads daily
this product works perfectly to moisturize my face
this is very moisturizing
i do switch briefly to the ultra repair moisturizer for more hydration
though it might not be hydrating enough for dry skin
this wasn't super moisturizing for me
this is perfectly moisturizing without making me oily
not too heavy, but still moisturizing and gentle.
vitamins from my skin
i like how it is moisturizing
moisturizes but my skin does not feel wet or oily
isn't quite hydrating enough for my skin
i expected it to be much more moisturizing
it's incredibly moisturizing too
does a good job at hydrating my skin
i need a good moisturizer that will hydrate my skin
great for moisturizing my sensitive skin.
squalane really help to moisturize my skin
it's been very moisturizing
the rollerball helps massage away my puffiness.
however, not the most moisturizing.
the gel cream is lightweight and non-greasy.
day serums should moisturize
hydrating effects of all serums
this serum is creamy
super light but very moisturizing.
it hydrates the skin pretty well
this cream moisturizes well
it moisturizes so well
it is highly moisturizing
this actually calms my skin while moisturizing
it was very hydrating
moist as this dior moisturizer
this cream is very hydrating and absorbs quickly.
nice and thick, very moisturizing.
i like the way it hydrates my skin
hydrate skin = less oil.
moisturizes throughout the day
this moisturizer has worked reasonably well in hydrating that specific area
so my skin reacts to most creams
i've tried this product when it was the hydra action moisturizing creme
definitely hydrates and helps keep skin moist.
it really hydrates and gives you a glow.
this eye cream is very moisturizing
hydrating and improve general good looking
hydrating eye cream for oily skin
it's light, absorbs quickly, and hydrating.
this is a nice moisturizing eye cream.
fast absorbing light textured formula is great for hydration
light weight and hydrating cream.
light non greasy texture and very moisturizing!
it instantly hydrates the skin under
you get the wonderful moisturizing properties of a cream yet the cooling
it's ultra-hydrating without being heavy
moisturizing or light for reducing puffiness
moisturizing without feeling heavy or greasy.
it is very moisturizing
moisturizing formulas that don't have offensive odors
it is very moisturizing without being heavy or gooey
it moisturizes under the eye
what it really does is moisturize
this cream was only moderately moisturizing
so extremely rich and hydrating!
the cream is very rich
this is a nice cream for hydrating the eye area.
it's nourishing like a cream
it was so hydrating
moisturizing and a little goes a long way.
it moisturizes like nobody's business
super fresh, lightweight and moisturizing.
deeply hydrating and skin softening cream.
it hydrates for 24 hours
hydrates at the same time
it's not moisturizing or anything extra
t moisturizes without feeling greasy
this serum works so well at detoxing my skin
moisturizing without drying out
this is the best moisturizing/perfecting/nourishing skin treatment i have yet used
it not only helps to hydrates my skin
my skin got drier i desperately needed a more moisturizing face wash
this cream is very rich
supposedly moisturizing product i have tried
i love the perricone hypoallergenic moisturizer
it hydrates amazingly well
it's beyond hydrating and soothing.
this product is hydrating
really helps with puffiness and hydrating.
s super hydrating which is my other concern
it's really hydrating and i use it at night.
this is very hydrating
i also love that that it is hydrating
but this this stuff is hydrating.
although it is intensively hydrating
and it is super moisturizing.
product is ultra moisturizing
like most moisturizers with spf
this moisturizer absorbs pretty quick.
this does a good job moisturizing
i love that i get sun protection couple with gentle exfoliation
i still feel the need to exfoliate
this moisturizes my skin perfectly.
hydrates my dry patches all day
it moisturizes my skin
i found this product to be really moisturizing
it definitely hydrates your skin
this moisturizer is creamy
goes great under makeup and moisturizes well.
this cream moisturized my skin without making it oily
it's very light and smooth but very hydrating.
it is very moisturizing, light and absorbs fast.
then layered with an oil at night for an extra dose of hydration
wanted something that hydrates my skin
love this moisturizer as much as the oil-free daily hydration
moisturizes my face without making it overly oily
still moisturizing lotion for the day time
it is a very lightweight moisturizer
it is actually also moisturizing
this cleanser feels creamy
this one is moisturizing
the gel day cream
this moisturizer: not really hydrating on its own
i get why it's in the moisturizer as a sebum control agent
it does moisturize my skin without making it greasy or dry
this gel cream is great for my oily skin
the powerful moisturizing properties i just mentioned 2
this moisturizer is incredibly soothing.
this hydrates my dry areas
it's the perfect amount of lightweight hydration.
yet does actually moisturize
my clarisonic moisturizing wash/with my clarisonic
it is so hydrating.
a fairly expensive gel moisturizer
this serum was moisturizing to h
hydrating your skin just enough
this is a very nice hydrating cream for those who have issues with blemishes
this is a detoxifying peel off mask.
it exfoliates and cleanses pores, loved it!
it wasn't nearly moisturizing enough
it hydrates and makes my skin glow!!
sometimes i mix this with a serum for extra hydration
it's not overly moisturizing
this is extremely hydrating
moisturizing but not greasy.
it's moisturizing absorbs fast
smells great, very light but hydrating.
this is a light weight yet moisturizing face cream that absorbs quickly into the skin
moisturizes without a heavy feeling.
great scent, effective moisturizing.
lightly exfoliate my face
i didn't find it hydrating enough
this creme is light and hydrates the skin.
this moisturizer is creamy
it's not only super hydrating
moisturizes my skin perfectly
it is very moisturizing and smoothing.
very moisturizing and great sun block.
by the 3rd day it felt very moisturizing
i loved how moisturizing
it makes my face feel moisturizing
i always use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel over this serum
hydrates my skin after i wash it.
is a great balance in hydrating
sometimes doesn't feel like it is moisturizing enough
the hydrosol is fantastic since it absorbs quickly adds hydration
this cream is so hydrating
it's nourishing for aging skin
quite expensive, but very moisturizing.
i really like this because it hydrates
bobbi brown for moisturizing eye creams
i've used a variety of "moisturizing" lotions
it is very moisturizing to my ultra dry lids
this product is very healing
is so moisturizing that make up looks great over it
yet moisturizers my skin
hydrating enough for my dry skin
so normally i don't need something this moisturizing
i would search for thick creams thinking the thicker the cream the more moisturizing
yet it does it's job by moisturizing
this moisturizer hydrates my skin without causing any sensitivities
not only does this product hydrate
i also use korres moisturizing sorbet
this does a great job moisturizing my entire face
this is super moisturizing
this is a great moisturizer for the winter it really helps hydrate my skin both day
it hydrates all day
clinique's dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this was a miracle worker it was so hydrating
it doesn't feel greasy like most moisturizers for dry skin
does wonders for hydrating
it is very moisturizing
this is more like a "creamy" gel.
it's simply going to moisturize
it moisturizers my skin
it is really moisturizing
it is extremely hydrating.
this product is definitely moisturizing
i've searched for a long time for a moisturizer that sufficiently hydrates my skin
did the job of moisturizing my skin properly in the super dry colorado climate
it is hydrating without being greasy.
a new must for my moisturizing routine.
it is very hydrating
i needed a more heavy duty moisturizer to offset the drying effects of my acne exfoliating gel
hydrating for severe dry skin
it hydrates your skin
this moisturizing cream is incredible.
it truly provides great moisturizing without being greasy
super gentle and moisturizing during winter time.
then the second to moisturize
i love creamy cleansers
as it's a moisturizing combined with a primer
with this hydrating cream my skins overall appearance
lathering it on just feels incredibly luxurious
very hydrating at the same time
i loved that it's quite hydrating
moisturizing without the oily feeling!
it really is hydrating
definitely super hydrating -- my super-dry winter skin softened up immediately
i've never been one for moisturizing
this bobbi brown cream is close in hydration.
moisturizing on my skin
it is very moisturizing
bobbi brown hydrating cream the best
this cream really does a lot to hydrating
this product really moisturizes my skin
this cream is moisturizing without being heavy.
bb hydrating eye cream for day
i love this hydrating cream.
still hydrates my skin even in the dry winter
it hydrates my skin without making it greasy
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
the hydrating face cream is a very good product
basic hydration that absorbs quickly before using concealer
this is a very hydrating eye cream.
hydrates the eye area
many moisturizing eye creams contain other anti-aging or brightening ingredients that can irritate a very dry eye lid
this truly hydrates without being too heavy.
it is a hydrating cream as other people have said
this cream does a great job of hydrating my under eyes
this cream is definitely hydrating
she basically said the hydrating face cream was the same
lovely moisturizing products for very dry skin!
it is very hydrating.
it's super hydrating, and never greasy.
after i moisturize my face
heavy duty moisturizing while under makeup
this is one of the very few eye creams that hydrates my under eyes
it is very hydrating
very hydrating and smooth under eyes now.
very hydrating, definitely recommend.
this is probably my favorite product it is so moisturizing
hydrates well, good under make up, lasts long
great hydrating product for around th eyes
it is very hydrating 5 stars bobbi brown
i feel like it hydrates and plumps perfectly.
hydrating/anti-aging/deep cleaning
very hydrating but doesn't crease concealer.
exactly what i needed a hydrating eye cream.
it is very hydrating
very hydrating and it does not sting in the eyes.
i will be buying the extra hydrating one for winter
very hydrating, non oily and works under makeup.
this is extremely moisturizing.
this is very expensive for a very basic hydrating function
it hydrates really well while being light
this is a very basic and nice hydrating cream.
hydrates my very dry undereyes
this eye cream is very moisturizing
this product does what it said: hydrating
this is very good hydrating.
it works perfect under concealer since it is very hydrating
hydrating is the only thing this eye cream does
very hydrating and feels great when i apply.
hydrates the under eye
i find those more hydrating
it really hydrates my eye area
i need only a little bit a product to feel the moisturizing effects
moisturizing as the name says
tiny sample of this that came with the hydrating creme
it is brightening, clarifying, and hydrating.
i love how it's moisturizing and tightening.
i would diffidently recommend moisturizing afterward
it deeply moisturizes without feeling greasy
it intensely moisturizes the way it should
it is definitely hydrating without being too heavy
it hydrates the skin
it is a fabulous base for powder/mineral/liquid/gel foundations
wow my go-to hydrating
its very soft and creamy and hydrating.
super hydrating and scent is a bonus!
it is super moisturizing
moisturizing with having that heavy oily feel
or you can use it as a hydrating
moisturize my skin for all day comfort
i put it on after moisturizing.
nicely hydrates dry spots
this is moisturizing while also helps with foundation
i love how moisturizing it is
moisturizing enough to not have dry patches
this is also great for dry skin as it is very moisturizing
i find it moisturizing but not at all greasy.
this product definitely moisturizes
it perfectly hydrates the areas that need it
found my new moisturizing primer
it is super moisturizing
moisturizers are more for dry skin
as my moisturizing oil can separate my makeup.
em with the extra repair moisturizing balm
it's a very thick oil and it really moisturizers.
this is very hydrating, thick, moisturizing oil.
this oil is very moisturizing
it is super nourishing
it isn't very moisturizing
it not nearly as moisturizing
it really is extra hydrating
its very hydrating and a little goes a long way .
i love how incredibly moisturizing this is.
the makeup artist first used the regular hydrating eye cream
without the same results as the hydrating one
this cream is extremely hydrating and luxurious.
not to mention its hydrating
it's rich, effective, and truly hydrating.
it deeply moisturizes my eye area
this cream is much more hydrating
highly recommend this eye cream if you need extra hydration
it is extremely moisturizing for those dry winter nights
this is my favorite eye cream because it's moisturizing
really moisturizing, a little goes a long way.
it is very hydrating
then while my moisturizer is still moist
probably not moisturizing enough for winter though
heavy enough to feel like it's actually moisturizing
this moisturizer hydrates without making me too oily or shiny
it is extremely hydrating
moisturizing without being oily
evening skin care regimen
love this, so light but highly moisturizing!
this does an amazing job at moisturizing
it's light but yet really moisturizing.
goes on extremely light while still moisturizing
this is hydrating and smells amazing.
delivers it's promise to hydrate
intensely moisturizer my sensitive
moisturizing at the same lime
s on other sensitive skin moisturizers
caudalie vinosource moisturizing sorbet is one of the only products i've found that actually moisturizes without irritating my sensitive skin
does a great job moisturizing my skin
together with the caudalie moisturizing serum this saved my skin
light moisturizer that feels soothing
despite the moisturizing components in both products i don't feel greasy
not only does this moisturize
sunlight activated antiaging properties
moist spf moisturizers make my face very shiny
i exchanged this for ddf ultra-lite oil free moisturizing dew
moisturizes like it claims to.
my legs dry up very fast even after moisturizing
its a nice lightweight gel.
t moisturizes the top layer of skin
this cream is very hydrating
it was so lightweight but moisturizing.
this moisturizer is so creamy
not only it moisturizes your face
moisturizes without leaving my skin oily !!
have found it challenging to find a hydrating cream that hydrates without making me look over oily
this moisturizer is so rich and creamy.
it's light weight, yet super moisturizing.
this moisture cream is awesome!
i like how it moisturizes my skin
it's light, but moisturizes deeply.
it does it what it promises, moisturize.
another deeply penetrating moisturizer.
it'd really hydrating and for me, non greasy.
this is perfect for moisturizing
it feels very moisturizing.
very hydrating and luxurious feeling.
it is so moisturizing
it moisturizes just nice
i look for anti-aging hydrating powerhouses overall
it's very moisturizing but not heavy.
it is super hydrating
performs well above-average for moisturizing
not only is it moisturizing
this eye cream definitely moisturizes ans helps with the fine lines
so very soothing and hydrating.
it's moisturizing and light weight.
i love how moisturizing and hydrating it is.
it is extremely hydrating
very moisturizing yet it's not greasy.
it's the only moisturizer thus far that is light enough to moisturize
this lotion is moisturizing without being heavy
very moisturizing cream that truly helps fine lines specially in the forehead
it is very moisturizing
super good cream for moisture
it feels very moisturizing.
which i like because i need extra moisturizing products
moisturizing, creamy, delishous on your skin!
very hydrating with spf built in
moisturizes my dry skin all year round
because it hydrates my skin perfectly
hydrating and radiant after each use!
this makes my skin glow and moisturizers well.
moisturizes throughout the day
this moisturizer really hydrates the skin well.
it moisturizes my skin without making it greasy.
a very rich heavy cream that moisturizes intensly
not greasy but very moisturizing
it moisturizes well and smells great.
very moisturizing and absorbing pretty quickly.
this gel is so moisturizing
so moisturizing and it sinks in right away.
so lightweight and sooo rich and moisturizing!
this gel is wonderful!
or too oily without moisturizing effect
i need more than a gel for any moisturizing
very moisturizing & absorbs fast.
this gel is incredibly hydrating.
texture of this eye gel
plus is super hydrating
i received this rejuvenating eye gel as a sample
very moisturizing but not heavy or greasy at all.
hydrates likes no other eye cream.
it's hydrating for an oil-free product.
it's so moisturizing and really outstanding.
which is more expensive than rejuvenating eye treatment gel
this one is more moisturizing for sure
it is pure hydration
this is such a moisturizing gel that has improved the texture of the skin around my eyes
the serum, face gel, toner and wrinkle cream.
very pricey eye gel
it's very moisturizing, but not greasy or shiny.
how hydrating it is
the bamboo makes it extra moisturizing
it is very hydrating
because it is a gel
i find this gel-cream to hydrate the area well without being to heavy
the texture of this gel is amazing
this gel feels cooling when applied
find i use the rejuvenating cream
it did moisturize my face
although it was very hydrating
rejuvenating normal skin type
cheeks are flakey no matter how i moisturize
it is super hydrating
moisturizes my face without any oily feeling
fluffy texture of this moisturizer belies what an effective skin softener
this cream is very lightweight
still didn't provide the right amount of moisturizing
this creme works well for hydrating.
even though intensively moisturizing
short of ap's $500 time response cream i've yet to find a superior moisturizing product that my skin just drinks in so easily
this creme is rich and hydrating.
the moisture gel rather then the creme as the creme is more for dryer sking
this one is more of a silky gel-like serum.
this serum is verylight, yet hydrating.
what i really love is that makes my moisturizing oil absorb better
moisturizing but sinks in really well.
it is also very moisturizing.
probably is highly exfoliating.
this has quit the moisturizing power.
this serum is an excellent source of hydration for your skin without making it greasy
this serum is so nourishing.
the entire skin pampering line
it's also very moisturizing
very smooth-smell: lightly fragranced
my sample of amorepacific's rejuvenating serum was excellent
it works to intensify the moisturizing effects of amore pacific moisturizing products
forehead since my base was moisturizing
( actually it doesnt moisturize yr skin so much.
i honestly really liked this moisturizer because it definitely helps with healing both the fine lines in repairing collagen
it was not moisturizing enough
intensely hydrate with a hyaluronic acid product to replenish moisture
this serum is way more hydrating than any of the other br
this stuff is so so hydrating
i love the fact that it hydrates my skin as well.
exfoliate skin before you moisturizer
this product is hydrating
then applied amore pacific rejuvenating moisture lotion
it is moisturizing but feather light.
this product is very moisturizing
use the fab ultra hydration moisturizer first in the dry areas
so hydrating, feels rich but absorbs right in.
hydrating and goes on smooth.
spot treat with a more hydrating cream in troublesome dry areas
the product is good for moisturizing the skin
not greasy but very moisturizing.
the moisturizer is silky
lift is less moisturizing
nice balance of a fabulous moisturizing
this is a wonderfully rich moisturizer that soaks in quicky
does a good job hydrating the skin
the cleanser is very creamy
not greasy, yet moisturizing.
my sample of algenist regenerative anti-aging moisturizer was excellent
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
plus it's very moisturizing, too.
the moisturizer absorbs beautifully
i felt that it was rich and very moisturizing.
rich and moisturizing, but not heavy.
moisturizes the dry patches
it's not quite as moisturizing as i would like it to be
not only is it incredibly moisturizing
it doesn't moisturize as deeply as i'd like
really hydrating without feeling greasy
this moisturizer provides the perfect combination of regeneration properties
the alguronic acid in the moisturizer works like a retinol
moisturizing to my skin without irritation
algenist's regenerative anti-aging moisturizer is what she uses each morning
which i'm sure it does because its so hydrating while being lightweight
love how moisturizing it is
i find this to be hydrating
this is a nice eye balm that moisturizes well without being oily
it is definitely hydrating
so hydrating and no irritation.
my previous eye cream was hydrating
this is the only cream that hydrates my under eyes
moisturizing effects to the under eyes
this is moisturizing without being heavy
nice texture, great hydrating, brightening.
it's super moisturizing as well
the eye balm moisturizes the drying effect the tightening creams can have on my skin
it is very moisturizing which is important to me because i have very dry skin
it is so super hydrating
now that i realize how well it moisturizes
undereye serums for long term
so moisturize before applying it
used with the exfoliating wash
after i moisturize my skin
silicone gel texture that leaves skin velvety
follow with the hydrating mist
works extremely well with the exfoliating powder to leave my face smooth
cleanses the skin wonderfully as well
this product is hydrating
it feels so good i feel like i'm moisturizing my face as well
it is very moisturizing obviously
this works well with dry skin because it hydrates
it's also very moisturizing.
this is the only moisturizer i have used that moisturizes my dry areas
cleans face very well and moisturizes too!
this one is really moisturizing which oily skin desperately needs
searched for a long time for moisturizer that was more hydrating
moisturizer with spf seem to work best with keeping my skin moist
my skin needs hydration and not the soapy kind.
it moisturize very well
moisturizes my dry skin well
this lotion is moisturizing enough where it takes care of the dry areas
this emulsion/moisturizer is wonderful!
this facial emulsion from benefit is a fabulous find
that being said, it is really hydrating.
it goes on lightly but moisturizes.
sometimes i don't think its moisturizing enough
it is very light weight yet very hydrating
it's very moisturizing and it absorbs quickly.
very nice facial lotion that is fast absorbing
i find it to be very moisturizing
perfect everyday moisture without the oily feel that i have experienced with many facial moisturizers
i've read some reviews about this product not being moisturizing enough
this product moisturizes without making me feel greasy
the triple performing facial emulsion was quite nice on my skin
this very light lotion is extremely moisturizing
since i have dry skin it fully hydrates my skin
most hydrating facial creams i have ever tried
it's very hydrating and gets the job done.
it's a fantastic moisturizer that absorbs quickly
it's great to apply foundation on top of it moisturizes my skin
does a great job of hydrating my skin
thick moisturizers irritates my skin
it hydrates but has the feel of a matte primer.
this moisturizer lasts very very very long.
it is very very moisturizing
this really helps with moisturizing those patchy spots
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
this product is so hydrating
moisturizing without being heavy
i also use the facial emulsion with spf in the mornings
spot moisturize by day
before this moisturizing cream i tried at least 20 other unsuccessful moisturizing creams
this moisturizer is formulated for normal to dry skin
i need something more moisturizing to counteract the overdrawing of salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide as well as the harsh weather
it is extremely moisturizing
this product is super hydrating without being greasy
emollient cream has squalane
have used many other deep moisturizing creams in the past
this is extremely moisturizing
lightweight in regards to other moisturizers
i wish i could use "natural" moisturizes
i felt that it did a great job of intensively moisturizing dry winter skin
it is definitely hydrating
this moisturizer is so nourishing!
it hydrates your skin leaving it feeling smooth
this moisturizer is sooo hydrating!
it is very moisturizing
it doesn't moisturize as much as i'd like
i got a sample and loved it, super hydrating
this product is great for hydrating that area
it's a nice consistency- moisturizing
very moisturizing but not too heavy.
the only con is that it's not really hydrating
it's very moisturizing and feels comfortable.
not to mention its very hydrating.
a beautifully hydrating under eye cream that absorbs quickly
is very hydrating on my dry skin
it moisturizers very well.
its also very moisturizing
very hydrating, but sits well under makeup.
it is very moisturizing
it does moisturize very well
hydrates immediately my sensitive skin
moisturizes really well throughout the day.
it is somewhat moisturizing
i hope it can be more hydrating
has just enough moisturization
even though i exfoliate
i also use with their hydrating toner.
love how this product hydrates
it's light but moisturizing.
it's the perfect weight and very moisturizing.
it does moisturize nicely.
however i like a more moisturizing eye cream for at night
at night under serums/moisturizers
it moisturizes the right amount
i will say that it isn't as hydrating
texture is light yet moisturizing
even the rich moisturizer couldn't hydrate those dry areas after a few months of use
it is lightweight, though not overly hydrating.
its also hydrating which is brightening my dark circles
this is very moisturizing
this eye cream is light and hydrating.
it is very moisturizing
it is hydrating although in the winter i'd prefer something a bit more hydrating
very moisturizing and truly is 5 in 1.
this eye cream is very moisturizing
moisturizes my eye are effectively
love how hydrating this eye cream is!
moisturizes the eye area as well
the eye cream is moisturizing
more effective than other eye creams i have used for moisturizing
this is very moisturizing
feels like it's moisturizing
hydrates better than any i've tried
i don't know that it's as moisturizing as clinique's cream i was using
this product does a good job of moisturizing
this eye cream moisturizes really well.
find it very hydrating
it is very moisturizing but not thick and heavy.
i like the hydrating effect this eye cream has.
it does a great job moisturizing my eyes
great antiaging eye cream!
before that though, i get a nice exfoliation.
don't forget to moisturize after
exfoliates as it washes.
microdermabrasion at the dermatologist because i like to really feel an intense exfoliation working
have a base where it feels more like a cream with some exfoliating particles
effective exfoliating that doesn't leave my pale skin red
so 4/5 for a great exfoliator
i don't see exfoliating products like this often- exfoliating granules in a creamy base
helps it to feel smooth along with the exfoliation
it exfoliates physically as well as chemically.
it is an exfoliating that foams a little bit
it is a bonus that it's an exfoliator
i really love this exfoliator.
it's very exfoliating though
/or the radiance glycolic mask
the tiny microbeads are excellent for exfoliation as well
yes it exfoliates skin
exfoliate so best product for me
i love this exfoliator- it is natural
it seems to exfoliate very well
the exfoliating part to it is very fine
that helps to exfoliate more because of the surface exfolation
has grains for exfoliation
the way it foams as well as exfoliates
i really like not having to exfoliate
also osmotic infusion moisturizer
the cleanser actually exfoliates
this however, really exfoliates!
exfoliating at the same time
a brightening exfoliator that feels amazing on the skin
it's lightweight yet moisturizing
it is also very moisturizing.
silky smooth and moisturizing but not too heavy.
this serum is so moisturizing that i often don't need a moisturizer
has a fresh scent and feels moisturizing.
it's so much more moisturizing!
it's hydrating for the eye area without being too greasy
it moisturizes all day
its also very hydrating
my skin absorbed and loved this crème.
very rich and not too moisturizing.
with moisturizing that eye area.
it seems to be hydrating.
i think it's one of the best hydrating eye creams on the market
this one is very moisturizing
super moisturizing and doesn't burn my eyes.
i do wish it were more moisturizing
hydrates without the greasiness
this eye creme is extremely moisturizing
feels light though hydrates well
it's very hydrating and fills in wrinkles.
it's hydrating, but not greasy.
hydrating eye cream to combat the fine lines under my eyes
this is a rich, hydrating eye cream.
very rich, incredibly hydrating.
it really moisturizes my eye area
good eye cream defintely moisturizes!
this cream is hydrating
i struggle to find moisturizing
really does moisturize the under-eyes
moisturizers, reduces fine lines.
it is very moisturizing
hydrating light cream that is quickly absorbed
moisturizes well and lasts all day.
is very moisturizing with ingredients such as
it actually seems to exfoliate my skin
this one actually moisturizes
this is a very nice, gentle hydrating eye cream.
this eye cream is super moisturizing
very moisturizing and firming eye cream.
i also love the feeling of this eye cream because it's very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
it is moisturizing and very effective.
it really hydrates the skin under your eye
very moisturizing without being too heavy.
this one is a nice moisturizing cream
it is very hydrating
i used the moisturizing cream normally
this eye cream is very hydrating
only needed this product for the moisturizing effects
this is moisturizing without being greasy
it feels so hydrating
the eye cream is definitely hydrating
this hydrates them away
it is so hydrating and soothing.
it really hydrates the skin
it is extremely hydrating
it is very hydrating
it works perfectly as a hydrating base under makeup
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
it really hydrates my sensitive skin
this is very hydrating and non-irritating.
most moisturizers seem to clog my pores
this has got to be the most nourishing moisturizer for dry sensitive skin
i would say it's the most moisturizing whitening serum i've used so far
usually i need to moisturize immediately.
it keeps the oil at bay by deeply moisturizing my skin
left an amazingly hydrating face
this is truly moisturizing
you realize that is the moisturizing benefit
moisturizer just soaks in nicely.
thoroughly cleanse while hydrating my skin
not nearly moisturizing enough
the creaminess of this face wash helps to keep my face moisturized while cleaning it
it is ever so slightly exfoliating.
as with the exfoliant
i don't need an astringent/toner
it's so gentle and moisturizing on your skin.
excellent moisturizer so lightweight
finally a moisturizer with antioxidants that quenches skin without causing breakouts
it really hydrates and brightens my skin.
the product also does what it says it will: it's hydrating without being oily
so hydrating, feels light and absorbs right in.
effective the algenist regenerative anti-aging lotion is
regenerative anti-aging lotion goes on light under makeup
my skin reacts badly to almost all moisturizers
this lotion is super super lightweight
it just isn't hydrating enough for my winter skin
moisturizing lotion year round with no problems
this is the perfect amount of moisturization.
anti-aging lotion that gently hydrates for day or night
this product moisturizes without adding weight or an oily residue to my combination skin
not the lotion -- the gel
it is moisturizing enough for my skin
it feels very light and yet hydrating.
love it very creamy, rich and moisturizing.
most of the moisturizer for dry skin like l'occitane shea or murad hydrodynamic are a bit too thick
i needed to exfoliate more
this restorative cream is very rich
this one definitely moisturizes
hydrating without being greasy
it's super hydrating for a night cream
it moisturizes without being greasy
the moisturizer is silky
lift is less moisturizing
this cream is effective in soothing the skin for the night
yet still extremely moisturizing
this worked wonders at hydrating my skin
it hydrates and doesn't irritate.
find that the hydrating masks usually are thick
leaves my skin baby smooth and hydrates!!!!
does a great job of moisturizing without adding oil
i typically gravitate towards moisturizing or moisturizing with some other benefit
hydrates like no other!
it's a very lightweight gel
it is super moisturizing
use it after exfoliating for about 10 minutes
this is a great hydrating mask
it's moisturizing but not sticky.
it was super hydrating
i highly recommend the moisture bond vitalizing masque
the masque itself is really cool.
this is a great masque.
this masque is amazing
is more like a gel
dry skin that doesn't like oily lotions
just too moisturizing for my combination/oily skin
this cream helps with exfoliation
it's so crazy hydrating
this moisturizer works amazingly for dry skin!
mixing my facial moisturizer
oily skin when i don't moisturize
flaking even with strong moisturizers
it moisturizes very well
it's like a moisturizing but exfoliating cream.
it moisturizes so well
only applying very little of a acne treating moisturizer
this moisturizer does a great job at moisturizing my dry cheeks
also does a great job at moisturizing
can react to certain moisturizers
this moisturizer is very gentle
this hydrates my normal skin
while it hydrates your skin
i loved the exfoliating effect it had
others were not moisturizing enough
it really moisturizes and plumps!
because i am moisturizing i break out less
it is very moisturizing
this lotion is great for a humidity!
it hydrates and keeps my skin balanced.
this moisturizer is a very good product for oily skin
the cream is lightweight
i've also used other eye creams that are more moisturizing
very moisturizing to the eyes
it is a good hydrating eye cream
it's firming, cooling and super hydrating.
it felt really lightweight while still hydrating
is great at moisturizing them
it also hydrates very well
the gel formula is very light
this moisturizing gel has changed the game for me
it really helped to moisturize
this is the perfect daily eye cream as it is moisturizing
this is hydrating refreshing
this eye cream is great at hydrating
it feels really creamy and cleanses well.
this cleanser has been so moisturizing for my combination skin
i work outdoors a lot so moisturizing is very important
moisturize at least twice a day
it is light yet still hydrating
its the perfect creamy hydrating texture for a night cream
very moisturizing without making me shiny or greasy
and i love the creamy texture, very moisturizing.
this moisturizer hydrates my dry skin without leaving a tacky feeling on it
it was very moisturizing
the moisturizer is also light and absorbs well.
this product is super hydrating- i use it as a part of my pm skincare routine
while i agree that it is very moisturizing
the starting over is very emollient
very moisturizing for both am
it is so moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
the consistency is very emollient which is perfect for my aging oily
my face is dry so this intense blend is super moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
smells amazing, very moisturizing yet not greasy.
the texture of the product is almost gel-like
it is very moisturizing
it moisturizes my skin
it makes your skin so soft and hydrating.
night-a-mins is intensely hydrating
it is truly amazing and so hydrating
this feels super moisturizing
it did a wonderful job hydrating my dry to normal skin
not only is it incredibly hydrating
deeply hydrates my skin overnight
it is super hydrating
moisturizes really well before bed
it really hydrates my skin without making it feel greasy
really nice cream, extremely hydrating.
it feels very moisturizing
hydrates my skin by the morning
night creams are meant to be more moisturizing than day creams
it is very hydrating.
i pair it with the origins moisturizing treatment
moisturizing cleanser for my second step
the antioxidants makes it refreshing
a perfect world antioxidant with white tea moisturizer so much
even though it's not an exfoliating mask
i did follow up with my normal moisturizing routine with marula oil
as long as you moisturize it is perfect
moisturize abundantly after use.
it really does exfoliate.
this eye cream is cooling
moisturizing without being too heavy
this is delightfully moisturizing
'm using this more as a moisturizing product
i find it hydrating
super relaxing night time regimen.
hydrating, light and highly enriching cream!
this eye cream is very hydrating
this is a creamy product that does a fantastic job of moisturizing the delicate under
nice and moisturizing, but light.
this eye cream is very hydrating
but moisturizing is all it does.
it's a great basic all-rounder eye cream that hydrates
it's very light but moisturizing and smells nice.
my previous caudalie sos eye cream was not hydrating enough
it moisturizes your eyes and lasts all day.
i love the hydrating properties of this eye cream
it's very hydrating and is nice and light.
only as a basic yet hydrating eye cream
goes on smooth and moisturizes well.
moisturizing around my eyes
this one though, is by far the best at hydrating.
it have been soooo moisturizing for my eye areas
and it does a good job at hydrating.
really need something that's hydrating
great hydrating eye cream.
it does a great job of hydrating
non greasy and very moisturizing!
it feels amazing and moisturizes like no other!
this is a great moisturizing eye cream
gel like feel but extreme hydration.
moisturizing- a nice first eye cream
its so hydrating but light also.
i also moisturize twice a day
cleanses my skin incredibly well
this cleanser keeps my extremely oily skin balanced
the zero oil moisture lotion
then after toner/moisturizing i put on smashbox anti-shine
i wouldn't say it's super hydrating
i just wish it were more hydrating.
the smell is really nicevery hydrating
smells good, feels hydrating.
moisturizing for my dry patches without making my oily areas look greasy
make sure you moisturize after!
this is pretty hydrating although not quite as luxe feeling on my skin
it really moisturizes my skin
it smells heavenly, and is very moisturizing!
it does a good job at hydrating my very dry skin
really moisturizing makes my skin look great
the moisturizing feeling actually lasts a while on my face which is great
keeps on moisturizing all day
its good par priced hydrating mask,
which is even more intensely hydrating
really nice, easy to use and hydrating mask.
both do a wonderful job of hydrating my skin
this mask hydrates my skin
i'll never buy another moisturizing mask
great moisturizing mask for thirsty skin.
this mask hydrates my skin like a miracle
hydrating with no irritation.
were not nearly as moisturizing
drink up is very moisturizing
this mask is very moisturizing!
less heavy than my clinique dramatically different moisturizing gel
this moisturizer provides a lot of moisture to my skin
this moisturizer worked very well giving enough moisture to my skin while keeping it matte
finding a moisturizer that helps with oil is difficult because it is moisturizing your skin
it also still moisturizes well
this lotion is lightweight
moisturizes the skin leaving it matte
how extremely important it is to moisturize even super oily skin
this moisturize my skin better than others br
i used clinique's moisturizing gel for a long time
this moisturizer hydrates my skin while keeping oil at bay
mineral oil or lanolin is worth a shot
my skin is porous so creamy moisturizers make me dull
as long as i moisturize afterwards
suggest using an intense hydrating serum/lotion overnight
it is also preventative because it helps exfoliate
it gives me the hydration without using a creme.
i've just been using the hydration gel
this moisturizes my skin without breaking it out.
this hydration gel is amazing
the hydration gel smoothed
this moisturizer is very hydrating
after trying many moisturizers that were not hydrating enough or too greasy-feeling
a sephora associate recommended i try this boscia black hydration gel for my combination skin
this gel moisturizer is fantastic for my oily skin
this helps with the occasional dryness from the exfoliation of the retinoid
the gel is fresh
hydrates without being heavy
hydrates without a greasy feeling.
the black gel is so moisturizing
the texture is not gel sticky and not cream oily.
it's like water gel
light, hydrating and is perfect under my makeup.
it does it's job by moisturizing without being too heavy
this really hydrates my skin
i found this product surprisingly hydrating as well as soothing on my very dry
it's super light but yet hydrating.
the revitalizing hydrating gel is my favorite product of all
i love this moisturizer because it's fast-absorbing
extremely hydrating around the eye area
it sinks in well and feels super hydrating.
it's not overly moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
this eye cream hydrates under your eyes
this cream is very hydrating
it's still quite hydrating
a liquid-feeling product though a light cream.
am happy with moisturizing under my eyes
cream gives good moisturizing
this eye cream is super moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
this does a good job of moisturizing without irritation
i notice that it really moisturizes
have been having trouble finding an eye cream that is moisturizing
i find it is hydrating
in terms of moisturizing the eye area
it is moisturizing and lightweight.
it is very moisturizing and gentle.
hydrating around the eyes
cooling as well as moisturizing
it does a great job of exfoliating
perfect gentle exfoliation with no irritation.
not over or under moisturizing
it's a silicone based serum that supposed to exfoliate to make your skin glow
best of all, the serum is fairly hydrating.
because it exfoliates fast
this with my dramatically different moisturizing gel
it definitely works as a light exfoliant
i love this exfoliating serum.
i needed a essence for moisturization during winter
the clinique turnaround radiance is incredibly moisturizing
definitely recommend this as a gentle yet effective exfoliating serum
it's lightweight feeling while being very moisturizing
i find because it's more gel like it feels more hydrating
like a more emollient cream for winter months
this is the only moisturizer that gives that moisture after applying my retinoid
this does such a good job at hydrating it
moisturizes my skin so much better than any cream
this is a very emollient
i've even layered 4 moisturizers in an effort to stop my skin flaking
use after a enzymatic or chemical exfoliator helps my skin stay bouncy
my dermatologist said my moisturizers should mention ceramides
this moisturizes better than most "hydrating" eye creams
i love this stuff because it's extremely hydrating
it's so hydrating and fast-absorbing.
so good really moisturizing for dehydrated skin without leaving any tackiness or grease
it is so moisturizing yet light-weight at the same time
the secret of beautiful face start from well moisturize skin
it's got a whole assortment of humectants in addition to emollients
the sales person said that this wasn't only hydrating
the glycolic at night
it's only lightly moisturizing
it's also quite hydrating
it hydrates the eye area nicely
i put a more moisturizing eye cream
all of which delivered a nice softening or moisturizing effect
the product is a hydrating
hydrating the texture is perfect to layer with his other treatments
so moisturizing without feeling oily.
it is pricier than other hydrating serums
if your skin is flaking before use of this or any hydrating product you need to exfoliate your skin
try exfoliating with a chemical exfoliator
dry feeling like some retinol products
i wish it were slightly more hydrating
very effective moisturizer for combination skin.
i can't tell if it's actually hydrating my cheeks
it truly hydrates your face
it moisturizes exceptionally well without feeling greasy
be sure you are purchasing the oil free hydrating serum
it's lightweight and it moisturizes.
this is lightweight yet hydrates like no other
really detoxing the skin
it really feels detoxifying.
it does help exfoliate and brighten.
can already it tell it is exfoliating
i didn't feel the need to moisturize
it's also fairly hydrating.
i think this one is more hydrating
it is so hydrating
wheni use this cream plus algenist facial oil my face is moisturized
it is very moisturizing
it also moisturizes under my eyes
is extra moisturizing for dry skin
i will say that it's not quite as hydrating as the overnight restorative
heavier creme to totally moisturize at night
for me it is not hydrating enough.
it is the best moisturizing product ever
it is an excellent moisturize under foundation
moisturizing this makes my skin
i find that it moisturizes well
it moisturizes very well
it is so moisturizing
it feels really hydrating
it moisturizes well and smoothen the skin.
this firming cream is thick
t does not moisturize enough
i should say also that this is not a very hydrating product
if you need something more moisturizing
i mostly use moisturizing eye creams
still use a moisturizing cream as well as this
i love this product because it is moisturizing
lifting eye gel is gentle
the gel is lightweight
hydrating throughout the day
this gel is lightweight and soothing.
it absorbs quickly so doesn't feel hydrating
this eye serum is just for de puffing not moisturizing
it is very hydrating
i really love this lightweight firming eye gel.
it is smooth and hydrating.
this moisturizer is not so "gel" that it doesn't moisturize
a heavy moisturizing day cream for my cheeks was ideal
hydrates the dry patches
this moisturizer is a great gel-cream consistency provides great hydration
moisturizes my face without making it overly oily
this also helps with moisturizing my face without adding extra oil
a much needed daily exfoliation for me
and not only that, it's super hydrating.
it's strong enough to moisturize your skin
loved that it moisturizes while controlling shine
gives the hydration of a heavy cream/moisturizer
it's not very moisturizing in the winter
moisturizing enough where my skin doesn't produce excess sebum to make up for lack of moisture
it hydrates skin without making it oily
this is a cream gel
it's full of antioxidants because of the pomegranate
moisturizes just the right amount for my combination skin
light but moisturizes the dry spots.
the wonderfully lightweight hydration made this a beauty staple
hydrating properties of this moisturizer
well it does moisturize
flaky at times because i'm on tretinoin cream
i do find it too moisturizing during the summer
while this is pretty fragranced
i think it's just hydrating your skin.
i did not think it was moisturizing enough
this cream-gel was very cooling and very helpful.
it moisturizes your skin at the same time
highly moisturizing without being greasy.
bobbie brown's extra products are the most moisturizing i have found
one time i got the extra repair moisturizing balm without the spf
it is so moisturizing and nourishing.
it really does help moisturize my skin
it helps moisturize my dry skin
the moisturizing is absolutely fantastic
then i use a hydrating day cream
this moisturizing sleeping mask is fantastic!
it is very hydrating
it is so moisturizing
it is super moisturizing as well
almost done using this very moisturizing didnt notice brightening effect
incredibly hydrating and smells amazing!
it moisturizes well and makes skin more supple.
the texture of the cream is lightweight
i then moisturize for the night
the balm texture allows me to do a bit of facial massage
it feels very emollient
hydrates my skin wonderfully
this balm is so creamy and moisturizing.
this is the most hydrating calming cleanser
adding a bit of water turns the product to a milky lotion texture
to massage my facial skin
it is like a rich balm that is amazingly hydrating
it's really pampering to use this balm with the warm cloth
this balm is a great alternative to oil moisturizers
so soft afterwards that i don't need to moisturize
hydrates even after i wash
very hydrating to the skin
her cytocell dermal energizing treatment
hydrating as soon as i apply it
a unique blend of oxygenated-formula perfect for dry or normal dermis
it's very hydrating, but not at all heavy.
i can say it is hydrating
this serum is so hydrating
immediately after moisturizing my skin has felt dry
hydrates my parched winter skin
i find it to be one of the only moisturizers hydrating enough for my super dry skin
as far as moisturizing this is a great cream
this works great at hydrating my skin without making my oily areas more oily
most moisturizers make me too oily
it's a great hydrating cream with treatment
goes on extremely smooth, and is moisturizing.
it's lightweight, but so hydrating.
"truth creme advanced hydration"
it hydrates those little dry patches
it's a wonderful extremely hydrating moisturizer
i love the hydrating feel of it
i like how it moisturizes and firms my skin.
this is a great face lotion for hydration.
more hydrating cream that smells amazing
it hydrates beautifully even in the dry
very hydrating but not oily!
this cream moisturizes well
because proactive is drying i needed something moisturizing
next it moisturizes so nicely!
face crème are great for hydration
effectively hydrates the skin
it is greatly moisturizing
definitely for young skin-it moisturizes skin
i wear it after a glycolic peel to calm my skin
it also lathers extremely well
i felt like putting on a layer of hydrating
moisturizing serum to go along with this because it wasn't moisturizing at all
it is not super hydrating
milk cooling gel as well
this eye balm is super cooling
hydrating all at once
this balm is perfect: cooling
hydrating without being greasy
it's like a hydrating lip balm for your eyes.
this is a cooling balm
the sales lady told me this extra-firming cream is very moisturizing
all it promises is to moisturize your skin very well
in need of a good moisturizing moisturizer that is also able to provide firmness for the skin
so happy i decided to invest in this lightweight moisturizing lotion
this is a great light moisturizer with an all day hydrating effect
this moisturizer hydrates while controlling sebum production
it's light, but moisturizing and illuminating.
i still found this very moisturizing!
this moisturizer does exactly what it stated it hydrates
it's super hydrating and so enjoyable to apply.
light weight not too heavy but very hydrating!
this is amazingly moisturizing
this rejuvenating night cream is gorgeous.
it is very hydrating
gentle foaming cleanser that leaves skin feeling moist
it definitely absorbs quickly like the clinique dramatic gel moisturizer
it's a challenge finding an oil-free moisturizer with sun protection that is also hydrating
i find it moisturizing while keeping the oil at bay throughout the day
moisturizing without irritating my skin
unfortunately since i have oily skin i have always used the moisturizing gel lotion from clinique that does not have spf
with kiehl's super fluid mineral defense sunscreen
it is very hydrating
have great moisturizing results without making my face look oily
soothing to the skin, hydrating.
however besides how hydrating it is
it's very hydrating and i find it soothing.
this is supposed to be very hydrating with all kind of oils in the ingredient list
not only does this moisturizes my skin
it is so hydrating
it is so hydrating
packed with vitamins for the skin leaving soft
i always wake up with smooth skin because it hydrates my eczema
from lotions to creams to asian emulsions
it's a lightweight oil moisturizer
this is a great moisturizing oil.
i find it hydrating without being overly oily
lightweight but very moisturizing.
this hydrates the skin perfectly.
it is very hydrating
it hydrates my skin
great moisturizing lipid based serum
i began searching for product that would chemically exfoliate for smoothness
no amount of physical exfoliating worked.
exfoliation is a key need with anti aging skin care
brightening serum to my skincare regimen
is moisturized enough to absorb the retinol
which is very hydrating
as long as you moisturize that isn't a problem
it exfoliates my skin overnight
it is more of a gel texture
night cream after serums
now clinique is back with this intense moisturizing uplifting
it is wonderfully moisturizing
sensitive skin that still needs exfoliating
as just a general moisturizing/serum oil this stuff rocks
this gel is amazing.
it's not quite moisturizing enough for me
it's so hydrating on my skin.
this product does moisturizes your skin
this is a great exfoliant to use at night since it's also moisturizing
it is also very moisturizing
didn't moisturize at all
i don't like my face to feel oily after using a moisturize
this moisturizer is lightweight and effective.
this moisturizer very nicely balanced being moisturizing without causing my skin to be shiny a few hours later
this is really an exfoliator that provides some moisture
so this is moisturizing enough for me most of the time
most moisturizers make my combination skin super oily
the product is very moisturizing for me
i would say it moisturizes my skin well overall
simultaneously moisturize my skin
this is the only moisturizer that moisturizes without feeling greasy or oily
most moisturizers are too much
with all of the benefits of acne treatment/moisturizing
really nice exfoliator and moisturizer.
it is a gentle bha exfoliator that can be used on sensitive skin
i find this moisturizer/acne treatment to be true to its word about delivering breathable hydration
its lightly exfoliates because of the salicylic acid too
this one hydrates my skin so well
it is so light and moisturizing.
there are other face creams that are even more moisturizing
it's so hydrating and looks good under makeup.
it really hydrates your skin.
the cream moisturizers very well
i just had a feeling it would be really moisturizing
this is the only moisturizer that hydrates my skin without being greasy
this does an amazing job of hydrating without feeling super heavy
more emollient feeling to my face
it does a great job of moisturizing all day
very moisturizing and not oily.
it is very moisturizing
this moisturizer does a really great job of hydrating the skin
even if you have oil skin, moisturize!
helps with puffiness and is very moisturizing.
does a great job of moisturizing
the gel part is so cooling
the cooling gel is very refreshing
it is very cooling and soothing.
i didn't find them hydrating at all.
hydrating the eye area
it is also cooling and very soothing to wear.
keeps me exfoliating overnight!
make sure you exfoliate
moisturize as well to avoid drying
on top of moisturizing it's a great topical i use before my moisturizers
just be sure to moisturize
murad discontinued the exfoliating blemishtreatment gel
it actually feels like it hydrates a bit.
it will gently exfoliate your skin
the glycolic is great for antiaging
this gel is not greasy
this gel is good for oily skin
this moisturizer provides enough hydration my skin needs
still moisturizing enough for life in arizona
since you should still be moisturizing
protect my skin with antioxidants
really good moisturizer for oily acne prone skin.
this gel moisturizer is non greasy
is the perfect combination of moisturizing that is both soothing
moisturizing on my sensitive skin
yet moisturizes her skin that is prone to dryness
it is so moisturizing
the moisturizer i was using before this one was ddf ultra lite oil free moisturizing dew
most oil-free moisturizers have a gel consistency
it is intensively hydrating however it absorbs really quickly
it hydrates really well.
it moisturizes really well without being greasy
also soothes skin post retinol
it does moisturize my face
when i put on my clinique moisturizing gel
it's gentle on the skin and very moisturizing.
is hydrating without being oily
i tried using revision oil-free hydrating serum
while delivering it's good moisturizing
hydrates my skin without making it feel oily
this product leaves just enough moisturize on the face
light moisturizer that actually moisturizes
very effective & lightweight oil-free moisturizer
this product works great on my skin because it's not only super moisturizing
keeps your face matte while still being hydrating
it feels like it won't moisturize at all
so be sure to moisturize after
use it under the moisturizing sorbet
this serum does provide hydration to sensitive skin
it's light and hydrates beautifully.
this is so hydrating
this serum is so soothing
very hydrating after a toner
it hydrates my dry cheeks
hydrating my skin feels
incredibly moisturizing yet still lightweight?
hydrating when i put it on
works well with moisturizers
it is incredible hydrating
i needed a daily antioxidant-rich serum to wear underneath sunscreen that wouldn't inflame my skin further
its a lovely serum which totally hydrates.
love it super hydrating amazing on face highly recommend
this product is super hydrating
combined with vinosource moisturizing sorbet
many serums feel thick on my skin
it's a really good hydrating serum
it's super light but still very hydrating!
for its price i think it's a good hydrating serum
this product is very hydrating
this stuff is so hydrating
no oil but so hydrating!
it's so smooth and moisturizing.
excellent moisturizing serum with nice scent.
may not use it during summer as this is quite heavy duty moisturizing serum
will continue to look for a hydrating serum to put on after toner
prior to moisturizing during winter months
moisturizes your skin so well
pretty good.moisturizing and smell good.
this serum is really hydrating
pm after cleansing with lancôme creme radiant toning with kiehls calendula toner then i apply this serum
absorb easily, super hydrating and not too thick.
it is less nourishing
more hydrating while compare to the sorbet cream
yet moisturizing feeling of this serum
super hydrating but very light.
this is a very nice serum and hydrates well.
the sos is way more hydrating
this serum is incredibly light and moisturizing.
this serum is the only hydrating product that i can confidently say won't cause breakouts
this is a hydrating serum
this serum paired with the moisturizing sorbet delivers serous moisture without leaving my face sticky or greasy
it is highly moisturizing
it's pretty amazing at moisturizing
after post-shower moisturizing
it moisturizes very nicely
love it for cuticles
this oil is very hydrating
condition my dry keratin
hydrating on my face
t isn't incredibly moisturizing
now only use this oil to moisturize
very moisturizing without being greasy.
absolutely love the hydrating effect
it also moisturizers your skin.
still leaves my skin feeling emollient
none had moisturizing quality as this one does
the oil seems moisturizing because it will get rid of flakes
the oil is moisturizing
it's lightweight, moisturizing, and non-greasy.
it is very moisturizing and non greasy.
it provides hydrating comfort all day.
this is by far my favorite hydrating
it exfoliates my dead skin as well
i like to use it in winter for its moisturizing properties
this lotion works for very sensitive skin.
i didn't find that it worked very well for hydrating my skin
probably will look for a more hydrating mask.
the only hydrating mask that truly works on my face
it's formulated for sensitive skin
or even an exfoliating scrub
moisturizing product to use after you have exfoliated your face
it's gentle and super hydrating.
get a cheaper 'dupe' of another really moisturizing
it is so gentle, instantly nourishing your skin.
it's very calming and hydrating.
it feels quite nourishing
this is the best hydrating mask i've tried!
this is quite possibly the best calming/hydrating mask i've ever used
the only con i find is that it isn't as hydrating for my extremely dry skin
it's great for winter because it's hydrating.
it makes my dry skin hydrating
calmed the irritation while moisturizing my skin
the moisturizing not greasy feeling of the product was wonderful
this mask is the best for not only hydrating my skin
this is my first moisturizing mask
this mask was nourishing
left my skin feeling soft, smooth and hydrating.
qatmeal smells good and really hydrating.
it definitely hydrates my skin
could use a light exfoliation
this is a great moisturizing for only skin!!!
not the mostt moisturizing cream i've had
this mattifying fluid is amazing!
t seems to be pretty moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
still feels like it's moisturizing
maintains hydration as well as it's matte effect when used alone on skin
this mattifying fluid is amazing!
this lotion is genuinely moisturizing
it moisturizes while reducing shine.
it is not a super heavy hydrator
they never seemed hydrating
this is just moisturizing enough
moisturizers without the oiliness.
it is important to moisturize before using this
this moisturizer is super lightweight
though it is not a super hydrating product
however, it could be slightly more moisturizing.
still moisturize at the same time
lightweight texture of this moisturizer
very moisturizing, never gets too dry.
it's almost not going to be hydrating enough
i wouldn't recommend this as a winter moisturizer because it isn't hydrating enough
caudalie's vinosource moisturizing matifying fluid still feels like -something- on my skin
moisturizes fairly well also.
this lotion helps control my oily skin
this product is super hydrating without feeling greasy like past products i have used
its so moisturizing without being to heavy or greasy
which i was moisturizing with a light oil
this is hydrating and gentle.
it is not as moisturizing as this one
it is very hydrating but never sticky or oily.
it is a very rich moisturizer
truly hydrating daily moisturizer that keeps my face moist
this moisturizer is creamy
most moisturizers don't provide a high enough level of moisture for my dry skin
it truly is moisturizing without being heavy
really love how it moisturizes my skin at night
this product moisturizes the under-eye area like nobody's business
it is described as a hydrating cream
this is very moisturizing
this is a flesh tone hydrating cream with light diffusing particles
i found this eye cream to be moisturizing
it moisturizes without feeling greasy.
it is very cooling, and refreshing.,
what i love is that it is both hydrating
it goes beyond the average hydrating serum for me
i also sometimes use it to moisturize my chest
it's incredibly nourishing and hydrating.
coconut oil for my dry skin
this stuff is more moisturizing
helped with hydrating my skin
hydrates my sensitive skin
although it's a really hydrating oil i feel like it absorbs super quickly
its not too greasy but so moisturizing.
this hydrates my skin
use it prior to moisturizing
it is definitely moisturizing
i looove this moisturizing oil.
even when i would exfoliate
a great addition to winter skincare.
soaks in perfectly and hydrates like a lotion!
i love the hydrating night cream
moisturizes without breakouts or a greasy feeling
this is highly moisturizing
this does such a good job hydrating
this oil is super hydrating
makes my skin feel very nourish and moisturize.
haven't noticed any moisturizing effects
i love this oil is moisturizing on the skin
it is light yet hydrating.
hydrates my skin without giving an 'oily' effect
my face would feel a little dry even after moisturizing
it really moisturize it the right way
this is just a gorgeous moisturizing oil!
i like to use a very hydrating face cream with this
still i wanted a powerful antioxidant/retinol product in my routine
it makes retinol less effective
i also find it moisturizing
almost everything is moisturizing
it absorbs pretty well under moisturizer
it exfoliates that quckly
decided to get a more moisturizing lotion
very helpful for calming acne and absorbing oil.
moisturizing without being greasy
this cream is moisturizing
my skin was in really bad shape from over exfoliation
the cream itself is hydrating
lightweight but very moisturizing.
very hydrating, smooth and my skin just loves it.
this cream is very moisturizing and dewy.
i need a bit more moisturizing for maturing skin
moisturizes wonderfully during the winter
very moisturizing with thick texture
this is the first cream that i've used that was extremely moisturizing without being greasy or heavy
moisturizes the dry parts
the best moisturizing cream ever.
it's so moisturizing yet light and not greasy.
use a drugstore very hydrating moisturizer that suits your skin
feel that is just a high priced exfoliator
pretty good coverage and very moisturizing.
i think it did a better job at moisturizing than the progenius treatment oil
it is a heavy moisturizer, thick and creamy.
i exfoliate 2-3 times a week
it hydrates my skin in just the right amount
pmit helps to absorb the moisturizers
it goes on easily and moisturizes well.
this eye cream is very moisturizing
seems to do a nice job moisturizing
i think its a great eye cream with great moisturizing properties
moisturizes the skin around my eyes while brightening
at the same time it's hydrating
this does such a good job of moisturizing my skin will maintaining my oil
it moisturizes without making me look oily.
it hydrates my dry areas to a supple soft finish
this moisturizer is super lightweight
i love the combination of using one full pump of the fab hydrating serum
it is such a versatile moisturizer
i find that it does moisturize my skin pretty well
this lotion really helps moisturize
it just hydrates my skin
this product does a good job of hydrating
moisturizing enough to actually feel like it's helping my skin
use this primarily in the winter when the skin rescue daily moisturizer isn't providing enough hydration
it is very moisturizing
i feel that it moisturizers enough
this lotion moisturizes without clogging my pores
perfect for use right after exfoliating!
it's lightweight and very hydrating.
super hydrating, absorbs quickly.
it's lightweight yet moisturizing.
it helps moisturize my dry combination skin
it moisturizes well without being too heavy
it is not a replacement for exfoliating
it is so hydrating with out being oily
as some hydrating moisturizers do
effective in its moisturizing ability
it is very moisturizing.
it is moisturizing and potent at same time.
anyway, great ingredients and moisturizing
this is the best for moisturizing
this moisturizes my skin without making it oily.
it is very moisturizing
it is very hydrating
i find have to use a moisturizing serum underneath in the super harsh winter months
it's very nourishing to the skin.
great product, very moisturizing.
i do feel like it moisturizes my skin really well
it instantly hydrates my skin
so moisturizing but not greasy!!!
it's also keeping my skin exfoliated
facial creams/washes/retinoids
it exfoliates really well
glam glow thirstymud hydrating treatment mask will do as well
it exfoliates really well
once i get to the massaging part to actually exfoliate
it's important to exfoliate your skin whether you're dry or oily
it is the perfect exfoliant
pimples as it exfoliates
gives you great exfoliating feeling at first
gravitate towards masks that are more "hydrating" because exfoliation sounds damaging to me
the little grains exfoliate your skin very gently
exfoliate in small circles
this exfoliating one is amazing
after exfoliating it leaves your skin smooth
super effective exfoliating mask.
this works great to exfoliate your skin
the exfoliation was amazing
its light but also very hydrating.
regardless, it is a nice hydrating eye cream.
i enjoy the hydrating effect
a moisturizing product should be used afterwards
those who expect a serum to moisturize don't underst
it is slightly exfoliating like the genifique face serum
i normally use a very lightweight lotion moisturizer marketed for sensitive skin
i love this moisturizing cream.
still moisturizes my skin really well
with a gel-like texture
it is extremely moisturizing.
i loved how hydrating it was
i really like that the hydrating effect lasted.
it is very hydrating
it's lightening properties are as strong as retinol
this cream has a gel like texture
this cream is super hydrating
i love how fast absorbent this cream is
it's definitely super moisturizing
yet somehow moisturizes perfectly
it takes just a dab to moisturize the face
it's not very hydrating
since this is a 'brightening' product it does exfoliate so be careful
that is how moisturizing this product is.
say that it's very effective at moisturizing
differin gel or salicylic acid gel
it feels like a lightweight moisturizer with anti-aging effects
the consistency is surprisingly thin for how moisturizing it is
this moisturizer is super hydrating without being heavy or greasy
i treat this product as an essence since it's not moisturizing enough alone
moisturizing without being greasy
it's light and silky but hydrates very well.
this is a truly lovely facial moisturizer.
hydrates that's very rare to find in one cleanser
oil free moisturizing product
hydrates it at the same time
the coverage is light but super hydrating.
hydration, firmness, and radiant looking skin.
the moisturizing properties are very rich.
although is not fast absorbing it's very moisturizing
due to how emollient the product is
this product does great at moisturizing my face
have found the cream to be hydrating
bottom line:the good: it does do its job moisturizing your skin
it's very moisturizing thou.
it is the most moisturizing product that i have ever used
the cream is very rich
moisturizing serum for those with a large skincare budget
it delivers on hydration without stickiness
i completely swear by this moisturizing night cream
it's very hydrating without being too heavy or oily
smooth and rich, very moisturizing.
it feels very moisturizing
this is not a heavy eye cream although it is hydrating
it was very hydrating
i love how this feels-gentle yet hydrating
it is very hydrating
hydrates under eye area
finish with a moisturizing overnight mask
i often use glam glows hydrating mask too
after mask i used my moisturizing mask
would definitely recommend moisturizing afterwards cause it can be a little drying
make sure to moisturize after
i am constantly exfoliating
exfoliated all the dry skin
it has been amazing so far at moisturizing my skin
a very light, refreshing moisturizer.
this does a really good job moisturizing without causing breakouts
i tend to prefer lightweight moisturizers usually in gel/liquid consistencies
feels cooling, hydrating and non-greasy.
it moisturizes without being too greasy
i started out with wanting a hydrating night cream
i find this to be moisturizing enough alone.
i apply this under my hydrating makeup primer
it is very hydrating
it doesn't quite moisturise my cheeks enough
this is my absolute favorite moisturizing product
but, it also greatly hydrates my skin.
this gel is very moisturizing without making me breakout which is a plus for me
this moisturizer helps hydrate my skin without making it greasy/oily
t's difficult finding a moisturizer that helps control oil yet is very moisturizing
this moisturizer is so calming
this is so super hydrating when nothing else works
a refreshing lotion that works well on sensitive skin
this moisturizer provides an intense amount of moisture for a lotion that feels extremely light
this moisturizer definitely moisturizes
it's very hydrating, but not too heavy.
clinique stay matte hydrator
unlike the clinique matte hydrator
be sure to moisturize well underneath
it smells great and moisturizes well.
it's still very moisturizing
it hydrates my face just perfectly
it's so hydrating for my sensitive
it definitely helps to moisturize
moisturizes my skin without feeling overly oily.
i tried exfoliating more, etc.
this oil is moisturizing and has so many uses.
it's not emollient enough for a night cream
love this not to heavy super hydrating eye cream.
while this cream does hydrate
this is very hydrating
so moisturizing all at the same time
still moisturizing so for someone with combination-oily skin it's been perfect for me
this hydrates it without making it greasy
it is very lightweight but super absorbent.
i love this moisturizing cream.
this face cream goes on noticeably hydrating
as its moisturizing enough for dry skin
moisturized without an excessive oils
it did a nice job moisturizing
it works great on my skin and really hydrates.
it is very hydrating
love the smell and it's very moisturizing.
along with great moisturizing
as it is very moisturizing
it's not only moisturizing
also nourishing to the skin
needed a slightly more moisturizing cream for the winter
it moisturizes really well
it's instantly hydrating while still feeling light
it's lightweight, yet ultra-moisturizing.
it moisturizes very well
it's not too oily for humid dc summers like many dry skin moisturizers
hydrating agents that tone your skin versus a thick greasy film on top
i find it's not hydrating enough for the winter
really great, hydrating cream.
this is the best hydrating
this is an amazing moisturizing treatment.
it's hydrating ability is powerful
moisturizing without feeling oily
because it is retinol
heavy enough to moisturize but feels light.
i love how hydrating
supplementing with a moisturizing eye cream
it moisturizes my skin and doesn't dry it out.
i am happy with how hydrating it is
night creams for moisturizers
because it is a retinol
regardless of exfoliating or moisturizing
it moisturizes while it treats which helps minimize the drying effect retinol can sometimes have on my skin
further, the retinol leaves a healthy glow.
this cream has a thicker texture than most retinol products
it feels very hydrating
this cream is effective and gentle.
i find retinol to be very drying to my skin
the retinol night cream might be too drying
murad's retinol night creams in the past
i think this is more moisturizing than the two
it feels so moisturizing to put on
peeling of other retinol products
then when i try to moisturize
my skin isn't very reactive to retinol
at the same time, it is moisturizing.
usually the hydrating element broke me out
still moisturizes my skin
this hydrates my skin
because it is a gel
most moisturizers either clog my pores because its too moisturizing for my skin type or it dries my skin out because its a cream used for acne prone skin
does a great job of moisturizing without feeling oily
best moisturizer for minimizing pores while not irritating my skin
this gel is amazing!
needed a light hydrating gel under my bb cream
it's so refreshing and moisturizing.
without oils or over-moisturizing
it moisturizes my face without the oils!
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
it's also moisturizing enough for wintertime
the gel moisturizer has a unique texture that feels great-- adds enough moisture
i used ddf moisturizing dew for years because i loved the consistency
need a daily treatment that exfoliates my skin
the gel is super hydrating and really smoothing.
not sure if it will be moisturizing enough in the winter
just enough moisturizing for my skin
then moisturize over top
this moisturizer absorbs quickly into your skin yet hydrates so well
which is lightweight hydration
for reference i use mufe hydrating
so not uber emollient
always moisturize after retinol!
i do layer moisturizers along with serums
alternating with moisturizing treatments on 'off' nights
this serum really moisturized
it's also very moisturizing without being heavy.
i think it does a great job moisturizing
this eye cream hydrates me so heavily.
this cream is so thick and moisturizing.
it moisturizes very well
it is incredibly hydrating and brightening.
hydrating for the wrinkles i'm starting to collect
it's very moisturizing but not oily
i also love the texture and how hydrating it is.
it thoroughly moisturizers the delicate skin around the eye
it is a thick formulation
this cream is very hydrating
found this one is really great on moisturizing
it is very hydrating
it also does a good ob moisturizing without being greasy
it is very moisturizing
smoothing, hydrating, all of the above!
this cream moisturizes the eye area
it is so hydrating as well
very moisturizing and brightens the eye area.
moisturizing to put on at night
this eye cream is great for moisturizing the eye area
it is so moisturizing and creamy.
hydrating enough for night
not only is it incredibly hydrating
it moisturizes all day without looking oily
it is amazing at moisturizing my skin
this is so nourishing and soothing!
deeply hydrates my skin
it also works great at hydrating
moisturize with this argan cream
it hydrates my skin all day
it's extremely moisturizing for us drier skin types
it's great for cuticles as well.
it's a great non-sticky hydrating thick balm
this product is very hydrating.
and i moisturize my cuticles with it.
very versatile for cuticles, flyaway hair, etc.
the josie maran argan infinity cream intensive creamy oil has gone a long way to heal my winter dry skin
the "creamy" is so buttery and hydrating.
super moisturizing without being greasy
oil is the best eye cream because it's so hydrating
this cream hydrates my skin no matter where i apply
after exfoliating my lips
this is the best most moisturizing cream.
easy to apply product that hydrates my skin
it was moisturizing just right
it's very moisturizing but not oily.
living in a very dry climate it is key to have a hydrating moisturizer
this product hydrates the eye area
it moisturizes and leaves my skin matte.
this one is better at moisturizing
very moisturizing without being oily.
its moisturizing and for me its 5 stars.
i also like that it's hydrating
plumps up and moisturizes the skin.
it moisturizes without being greasy/oily at all
it seems to moisturize decently
hydrating eye cream i use in the evening
i've never found another eye cream that produces results other than moisturizing
the repairwear laser focus not only hydrates
turns out it was for puffiness and moisturizing.
this mask is moisturizing enough to prevent my skin from peeling while using maximum strength retin-a
it does moisturize very well
it feels so moisturizing on my skin without being greasy
its actually a super-hydrating night cream
very moisturizing to my oily acne prone skin
it was very hydrating
it immediately moisturize my face
fabulous product - very moisturizing - love it
it's called a hydrating mask
it isn't the most hydrating moisturizer in sephora
it does a great job on moisturizing
it felt cooling and hydrating on my skin.
after cleansing i apply the creamy textured moisturizer
moisturizing<333 also light-weight
this still hydrates my skin
this product is extremely moisturizing
this mask really hydrates my thirsty skin
so antioxidants don't wear out
quick absorbing overnight moisturizer
even after using moisture surge lotion
i hydrates the skin as it's supposed to do
that night i decided to exfoliate
it still is hydrating
this moisturizer is super smooth and hydrating.
this is a very rich moisturizer
it is deeply hydrating
too moisturizing for me.
it definitely does the job of moisturizing
i feel this moisturizer is super efficient
this is extremely hydrating
moisturizing for my extra-dry skin
this cream is soooo moisturizing!!!
it's very moisturizing but light.
moisturizes my very dry spots without over hydrating my oily spots
definitely more moisturizing than the old one
it still moisturizes really well
this one is really moisturizing.
moisturizing yet feels light n clean.
it's really hydrating and not greasy.
fresh smell.. not too heavy.. very moisturizing!
not hydrating enough for winter
was not hydrating enough
not quite moisturizing enough for my dry skin though
it seems moisturizing enough for my combo skin.
boscia self defense vital antioxidant moisture spf 30 is fabulous for every day use
the only thing i have noticed it its not very moisturizing
antioxidants this one has
one of the best moisturizing sunblocks i've tried
this is not the most moisturizing
i still need something more moisturizing as an overnight treatment
it's not as hydrating
this stuff moisturizes my dry skin
it's super hydrating without being too oily
for having spf and moisturization this is great.
this moisturizes very well
this is the best moisturizing sunscreen i've used
highly recommended for moisture and spf.
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
it's thin, yet extremely moisturizing.
moisturizes very well while also giving me protection from the sun
loved this super hydrating moisturizer with spf!
this moisturizer is very lightweight
it is light and airy, but very moisturizing.
also this moisturizer comes in a pump which keeps the product from loosing its antioxidant benefits
product was lightweight yet moisturizing with a non-offensive smell
still moisturizing enough for the dry patches
though not super-moisturizing
i wish it was a skoshe more hydrating.
to make it more moisturizing
this serum is very moisturizing.
more hydrating than a lot of the other oils i have tried
it is very hydrating
i love how hydrating this is
very nice smoothing moisturizer that is amazing on the super oily
moisturizes enough to help makeup go on smooth
if you like boscia's revitalizing black hydration gel
it is super hydrating
it's not overly moisturizing
it hydrates both oily
it is very moisturizing
it's amazing how moisturizing it is being oil-free
this moisturizer is extremely hydrating for a product that is oil free
perfect gel moisturizer for sensitive
finally found a gel cream that is hydrating enough
this moisturizer is perfect at hydrating my dry areas
this does a good job of hydrating
it works really well as a moisturizing primer before your foundation
the gel feels really refreshing like when you use the cucumber gel eye masks it's that plush cold gel
this is the only one that moisturizes
this mask instantly feels so hydrating
this is the best hydrating mask in the beauty industry
it's extremely moisturizing but i have dry skin.
i would recommend this to any skin type as it is super hydrating
its very moisturizing and absorbs nicely.
this moisturizing cream is the best!!!
it is very hydrating without feeling greasy or filmy
it is very hydrating
very good moisture cream!
very hydrating and helps blend makeup.
hydrates my skin before my make up application
such a great hydrating product for people with dry skin
promised to not only moisturize
i saw immediate effects from the extra moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being greasy.
just a great moisturizing oil that's light
this is the best hydrating face oil i've ever used
it hydrates the skin very well yet still light weight
it is so hydrating.
i found it just wasn't hydrating enough
it hydrates my skin
it completely hydrates it
my skin gets dry after wash my face or exfoliating
now mixed with the black hydration gel
i am super picky about lotions, and serums.
its very hydrating and smells awesome.
which was not moisturizing enough alone
the oil does moisturize while not making your skin feel oily
moisturizing enough to hydrate the skin
i needed a cleanser that was more moisturizing
skin that redden with overly-fragranced products
the cleanser is very creamy
creamy lather that cleanses
it's a good serum that's moisturizing
low for a hydrating serum that wasn't oily
does a great job moisturizing
this fresh product is a gel cream
it is very hydrating
not a moisturizer for deep conditioning or treatment
it doesn't feel particularly moisturizing or calming
it is light but super moisturizing!
especially just after exfoliation
this was my second purchase of the fresh rose hydrating gel cream
it's not moisturizing enough to replace my night time moisturizer
in the winter months i don't think its that hydrating
is moisturizing for a gel
it feels like a satiny gel lotion
it is incredibly hydrating
this moisturizer contains oil
especially after i exfoliate
it is moisturizing enough to keep my dry skin from flaking
while also remaining extremely hydrating
found that this moisturizer works well to control my t-zone oil while still hydrating my drier areas
it is light yet hydrating, and absorbs quickly.
testing different moisturizing samples
the feel of this gel is soothing
this rose gel cream really moisturized my skin
has great moisturizing capabilities
absolutely the best non-greasy way to moisturize.
it is a gel cream
like many gel moisturizers
not only does the rose hydrating gel cream provide just enough moisture
this product is super hydrate
this is a very lightweight moisturizer
thatits hydrating my skin without feeling like crisco
however, the gel moisturizes even better.
it's a very cooling gel
i prefer gel moisturizers
this gel cream is amazing.
the rose hydrating gel cream is great -- it glides on smooth
it still is extremely moisturizing
soy moisturizer with spf20
if i need to exfoliate the brown sugar polish
hydrating effect this has on my skin
the pampering feeling of using it
i used it last night followed by fresh's new hydrating rose gel cream
this product hydrates my skin
my skin is hyper-sensitive to beauty oils
rosehip oil is a good oil for people with oily
this is very hydrating
i like this because it's super hydrating
massage in over a hydrating spray
does a good job of light-moisturizing
i love the way it really hydrates my skin
it hydrates your skin without being heavy
love it, very moisturizing!
oh advanced hydration creme
does an incredible job of hydrating skin
the texture is nourishing.
i think it did help moisturizing
is more moisturizing compared to philosophy
this eye cream instantly hydrates
the best thing about this cream is that it's very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
it moisturizes without feeling greasy
so it's definitely hydrating.
that just wasn't providing the moisturizing i need
it really hydrates the eye area
it really moisturizes the skin around my eyes
that it's very moisturizing
it's not very moisturizing
the balm moisturizes my skin so well
since i have oily skin it is moisturizing enough for me
then moisturize immediately afterwards
completely hydrates my skin.
it's not overly greasy like some moisturizers.
i recommend for combination skin since it gives a light hydration
this moisturizer is so hydrating
it is very moisturizing
it hydrates my skin
provides perfect hydration to my combination skin
the gel is so refreshing
this hydrating moisturizer is a delight!
still very hydrating for my very dry skin
this product moisturizers without making your skin oily
it does moisturize my skin very well
i only give this 4 stars because it is't very moisturizing
f my skin is really dry i need to use a hydrating primer
it leaves your skin very hydrating
the gel formula is very light
this moisturizing gel has changed the game for me
it is extremely moisturizing, but in gel form.
moisturizing but don't notice a crazy difference.
it's soft and instantly hydrates the face!
this is a very lightweight moisturizer.
the moisturizer is also very lightweight
refreshing moisturizer that gives a sheer coating
usually more hydrating creams feel so heavy on my skin
this origins ginzing energy-boosting gel moisturizer has me feeling pampered as though i'm in a spa
i absolutely love it it is so moisturizing
this moisturizer helps me hydrate it throughout the day
it helps to moisturize it while i sleep
which is very moisturizing to my under eyes
loving the gel texture
it's hydrates my dry skin without making it feel heavy
refresh my skin while intensively moisturizing it
this cream is super moisturizing mi face tends to be very greasy
it does a great job hydrating my skin
it really moisturize my face
it provides a wonderful hydrating base.
the moisturizer soaks in fast
hydrates the skin for hours
this moisturizer is very lightweight
hydrates me skin without making me look oily
this product smells amazing and is moisturizing.
it is very moisturizing on the skin
it's moisturizing enough to give my skin good moisture
it was way too moisturizing to use with liquid foundation
i can easily compensate with my pre-makeup moisturizing routine
i found it to be hydrating
i wish it was a bit more moisturizing
5 pumps of this to about the same of algenist's regenerative anti-aging lotion
my awesomely bi-polar skin does need some hydrating love sometimes
it is lightly moisturizing
want aalll the benefits of a retinol
use to a retinol to keep my skin flawless
i do not find is moisturizing
it is very hydrating
wasn't doing enough moisturizing
lightweight, hydrating,non-greasy.
i didn't feel it moisturizes at all
the retinol is still very gentle
it doesn't feel like it's moisturizing although it's also an anti-wrinkle serum
this didn't feel drying like some retinol products
i wanted a probiotic moisturizer
i hate moisturizers for oily skin
it's moisturizing but with zero oiliness.
hydrating without being oily or greasy
my skins feels hydrates
the overnight facial is the best hydrating "mask" i've ever used
very hydrating for the skin during winter.
have never been more delighted with a moisturizing product
it is so hydrating
this moisturizer relieves my dry skin
this is a really great overnight hydrating product
it is super hydrating
moisturizes well without feeling heavy
wasn't so excited about a heavy moisturizing product
really solid basic moisturizing product.
this oil is amazing for long-term moisturizing
not moisturizing at all
it's moisturizing although it doesn't really help with my very oily skin
this cream is very rich and moisturizing!
over an exfoliating toner
this oil not only moisturizes my dry areas
it feels moisturizing when you put it on
such as clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
this moisturizer works beautifully
super moisturizing for it
it's so hard finding a moisturizer that is hydrating with a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one
it's moisturizing without leaving my skin oily.
is surprisingly moisturizing even though you use so little
not even serums aimed at hydrating
this may be a little too hydrating
moisturize all day without being too heavy
first daily moisturizer with an spf that actually moisturizes
it had excellent moisturizing qualities
it's not as moisturizing as finishing moisturizer
goes on light but is moisturizing.
moisturize your skin throughout the day
i really wanted something super-hydrating for my dry skin with spf
this one is more hydrating
it absorbs fantastic, moisturizes, love it.
this is so hydrating!
it is super moisturizing
time to add anti aging care to my moisturizing
what it is great at is hydrating
hydrates before you can even say hydration
i find it to be very hydrating
moisturizes right after the first use
could be more moisturizing
it's a great addition to any skincare routine because it's a nutritive complex
very moisturizing and makes my makeup better.
feels light while being super hydrating which i love
it hydrates and gives me such a glow.
your skin just soaks up the vitamins
feeding it nutrients topically
hydrating without being greasy or aggravating my skin
moisturizers with the mask
it has a gel texture
it provides a mild exfoliation
it also has a gentle detoxing effect
i used this after i exfoliate
i exfoliate less now since my skin feels fresh
it just seems so happy to have an all-natural product hydrating it
pros: i find it to be very hydrating
it's moisturizing without being greasy
using it on dry skin to really exfoliate
i love this exfoliator.
as it is used on dry skin it does exfoliate.
it is a creamy cleanser with little exfoliating things inside
the exfoliating factor has been keeping me flake free
hydrating for my skin which is normal
this exfoliating cleanser is truly gentle enough to use morning
mostly because the gentle exfoliating makes my skin look amazingly refreshed
replenishing nutrient oil complex
i like to exfoliate daily
hydrates and makes skin look nice.
it feels like your exfoliating as well
this is probably the perfect exfoliant.
i still need to exfoliate occasionally
this stuff is amazing at both exfoliating
even moisturizes at the same time
the exfoliating agent in it is super fine
the exfoliation feels good but is not too strong.
really love this exfoliating cleanser
good hydration while cleansing
gives the perfect amount of exfoliation for daily use
apply after hydrating mist
restorative this serum is
hydrating floral essence too
including the rejuvenating serum
this serum has a lotion like texture that absorbs quickly
creamy serum that feels like lotion
this is very hydrating
this product is highly hydrating
the gel is lightweight
the gel is hydrating enough for me on its own
it really does moisturize
this moisturizer absorbs so fast
light, moisturizing, and doesn't cause breakouts.
it is hydrating but not greasy.
it moisturizes the dry
exfoliating products over the last year
wrinkles at all nor did i find to be moisturizing
it really moisturizes my skin without being too oily
it hydrates without being greasy
it moisturizes really well during the winter months
it blends well with moisturizer
does a good job of hydrating
does a great job at hydrating dry skin
it is super hydrating and non-greasy.
it does moisturize really nicely
very soothing facial oil
use either essential oil or hydrating gel instead of cream
my skin had been doing very well with the exfoliating regimen with a vitamin c serum
i still have to use a moisturizing serum before
night cream after because it's not quite hydrating enough for my dry skin
juice beauty's oil free moisturizer
soft skin and balances sebum, dryness.
really great for hydrating and softening skin.
craetes smaller pores and very hydrating!
needs extra support of a more hydrating moisturizer during winter
i also use this for moisturizing
it actually seems relatively hydrating
it feels instant moisturize
it is moisturizing and it gets absorbed quickly.
moisturizing without being heavy
it's richly moisturizing- the perfect layer beneath my day cream
as it is not marketed as a moisturizing serum
is mattifying as well
this hydrates my skin like no other!
seem to moisturize at the level i need
very moisturizing yet light
it felt ultra lightweight yet super moisturizing at the same time
it is lightweight yet moisturizes extremely well
it instantly moisturizes my skin while not being greasy
like you're really getting a great moisturizing cream
this lotion has done a good job of moisturizing my skin
moisturizes the right amount for oily girls
most of the emulsion-type moisturizers are oil-absorbing or drying
are targeted towards just light moisturizing
this cream actually provides great moisturizing
i also like that it hydrates my combination skin
it is light gel
the moisturizing cream is very smooth on my skin
i like how moisturizing it is.
this mask is very hydrating
moisturizers the skin beautifully
hydrate delicate eye skin
hydrating around the eye area
it doesn't feel moisturizing
it's like a thick gel serum that is super hydrating
its just perfect and so hydrating!
the gel-texture is amazing.
the formula is very hydrating
it is moisturizing as well
this product contains microbeads which exfoliates the skin
it's great for moisturizing my h
this oil is perfect for moisturizing your face
helping produce less sebum
the regular is perfect for moisturizing dry skin at bedtime
moisturizing base for my makeup
hydrates skin while absorbing it up
perfect for hydrating oily skin.
even mix a drop with my lip balm for an overnight extra hydrating treatment
it heals acne, hydrates and more.
it does moisturize my skin
this is a great basic oil that helps to hydrate the skin
its oily enough to feel moisturizing yet light enough to soak in
its moisturizing but light and absorbs quickly.
not only that it hydrates your face well
it moisturizes my skin more than any other product
it is very moisturizing
this is super rich and moisturizing.
the glycolic mask which is amazing
it's not super moisturizing
not very moisturizing in my experience.
if they're moisturizing, they are dulling.
the chamomile helps soothe the skin
most moisturizing body oils i've ever tried
i just use a regular toner after to re-hydrate
routines to moisturize my face
this guy is super moisturizing
it has very fine honey-sugar crystals in it that lightly exfoliate
it's so nourishing and softening!
moisturize the skin it also leaves a silk barrier when you rinse with warm water
this moisturizer is super moisturizing
usually i'm not a huge fan of hydrating masks
this is one of the only hydrating masks that actually helps with pores
this mask is completely nourishing
like the sugar face polish it leaves your skin very moisturized r/t the sugars
does what it says.. moisturizers dry skin!
also moisturizes my dry cheeks
similarly priced moisturizers before
it is really moisturizing
specifically the dramatically different moisturizing lotion since i was 13
it is moisturizing and light on the skin.
this moisturizer is amazing for oily acne prone skin since it hydrates without making my skin feel greasy
my favorite moisturizing product out there!
it moisturizes without being greasy
this lotion is so hydrating
i find that this is really moisturizing
it's very moisturizing without being too heavy.
this hydrates me where i need it
it helps moisturize my dry skin
exfoliating acids left my skin burning
i feel it really hydrates well
works great for hypoallergenic skin.
i tried some really rich moisturizing creams that i had
it's very lightweight in comparison with other moisturizers
it will moisturize the skin so well
in my experience this lotion provides a great light texture that is hydrating enough for dry areas without any greasiness in my t-zone
this product really hydrates
still moisturizing enough for fall
dramatically different moisturizing lotion
it is also very hydrating although light
a great hydrating eye cream for lifestyle induced problems
thin formula that seems to hydrate well
easy absorbtion of this cream
the description said it was hydrating
this product is okay but not very moisturizing.
hydrates very well as well.
it is very liquid-y more of a moisturizing milk.
this is very moisturizing
for my dry skin it is not quite moisturizing enough
it's a very liquidy moisturizer
light, moisturizing, not pore clogging.
it's not moisturizing enough for my dry areas
supplement it with clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
not as moisturizing as i thought it would be
this lotion provides more moisture than pureness
this one actually moisturize my skin
i find that it moisturizes enough
this cream is great and is very hydrating!
it goes on light but is very moisturizing.
not a super rich moisturizer
it hydrates and leaves my skin soft.
this moisturizer controls the sebum
moisturizes my combination skin the perfect amount
it's light but moisturizing, and it smells great.
i love the gel/cream texture.
it hydrates my skin just enough
i felt this product did really well with moisturizing my skin
it is not a mattifying product
this product is really moisture and lightweight.
it's a very light and liquidy moisturizer.
very moisturizing without feeling greasy
its lightweight but totally moisturizing!
its really moisturizing for my skin
this moisturizer is lightweight but hydrating.
this lotion by itself was very moisturizing for how lightweight it was
it truly moisturizes without feeling greasy
it is very moisturizing
moisturizes my combination skin well
i prefer lightweight moisturizers
still want the effects of a moisturizing that works
hydrating without being greasy or heavy.
it is extremely hydrating and lightweight.
yet delivers excellent hydration
it may be too moisturizing
i feel like they help exfoliate because of the other acids
they are actually kind of moisturizing
while this product is far from moisturizing
it cleanses my oily skin
i find it to be very moisturizing with a side of toning effect
especially in the summer when i like cooling gels
it is super hydrating
this really works at hydrating
very moisturizing without being heavy.
very moisturizing without being heavy or sticky!
it also exfoliates your skin
sometimes with a bit of my tatcha rice enzyme powder for a gentle exfoliator
this product really moisturises my face
i think i was over cleansing/exfoliating
feels more like a moisturizing
exfoliating mask you'd get at a spa
not only is it nourishing to the skin
the cleanser is actually exfoliating
hydrating at the same time
massaging this product into the skin feels relaxing
its super emollient and takes everything off.
i also use all natural moisturizers
i think it might actually moisturize as it cleanses
the oil base moisturizes my skin while cleansing it
t is like a exfoliator
this cleanser is slightly exfoliating
becomes like a moisturizing oil
this is so hydrating
wrinkles since it hydrates so well
has exfoliated my skin
with a moisturizing serum underneath
usually use caudalie's moisturizing mask as a night cream with this
my skin is very sensitive to retinol
the moisturizer could be more hydrating
i love it is very hydrating without being heavy or oily
retinol is a great preventative ingredient
this night cream provides excellent moisturizing while working on improving skin tone
this serum hydrates my skin
this serum is hydrating without being greasy which i love
welcome the "drying" from the retinol
it hydrates my combination-dry skin.
the texture is more of serum/cream combo
it feels very hydrating
i love this more than the super moisturizing skinceuticals
moisturizers very well while still being lightweight
as retinol can be drying
which to me implies that an moisturizing cream should be layered over it
could be more moisturizing
i really like this eye cream i find it hydrating
i don't find it to be particularly hydrating however
moisturizing in addition to providing some spf
nice product, slightly moisturizing.
it is definitely hydrating
the product is creamy and moisturizing.
this product hydrates really well
i also use the fresh umbrian clay mattifying exfoliant
tarte double detox exfoliating facial mask twice a week
this product really hydrates my skin.
it's very hydrating and thick.
it moisturizes all day
following it up with murad's hydrating toner is a dream
exfoliates my skin leaving it bright
this product agrees and moisturizes my face.
this product hydrates my skin
i really needed a moisturizing cleanser
this cleanser works great to exfoliate
i'd been using a harsh exfoliator
the exfoliation is very
it feels soothing on skin plus it's nourishing.
this is a great mask that hydrates
it's still fairly hydrating for my very dry skin
it does hydrate and exfoliate just like it says!
exfoliate at the same time
t's hydrating -- not drying at all
it exfoliate with enzymes
it has a light exfoliation and great cleanser.
wonderful product as it helps to moisturize
then the hydrating cream
very cleaning and so moisturizing.
hydrates my skin immediately
while not the most obviously moisturizing
i do think it both hydrates
it feels like aloe vera gel when applying
it is not as hydrating as some other masks
it's very cooling and moisturizing.
this cucumber gel mask extreme detoxifying hydrator is the next best thing other than heaven
it feels very cooling and is really hydrating.
it hydrates my oily skin and calms my redness.
have always hated moisturizing masks
works best for calming detoxifying the skin.
a must have for moisturizing my skin in the summertime
offers moisturization without the heavy emollients of othermoisture masks
it soothes and hydrates my burned skin.
exfoliate your face first thoroughly
i recommend gel moisturizers with combo skin
it must just be the gel detoxing my pores
how can a mask be hydrating
detoxifying at the same time?
the gel is very cooling
the product is so moisturizing
it is also very hydrating
the gel was very cooling
it is fairly hydrating though
feels kinda like putting aloe gel on my face
it helps calm the skin down nicely without the heavy feeling of a moisturizing cream
the moisture cushion moisturizer
this is a nice hydrating oil
it was not hydrating enough for my dry skin
it is only good for moisturizing
moisturizes my skin perfectly
it's not as moisturizing i would say
so moisturizing at the same time
dilo oil restorative treatment is it
not greasy, but so hydrating.
is really great at adding hydrating
is a great moisturizing treatment
it is very moisturizing
this is a nice hydrating oil.
especially great if recovering from over exfoliating
hydrates with a matte finish
i love the feeling of heavy conditioning moisturisers
it's not super moisturizing but hydrates enough.
have been religious about moisturizing since i was 16
not only did i moisturize
it hydrates my skin the entire day
so moisturizing but not heavy or sticky.
is the only cream i have tried that is intensely moisturizing without causing breakouts
non greasy, moisturizing and smooth!
this is the most moisturizing cream i've ever used
this cream is ideally moisturizing without being heavy
this moisturizers my skin so well
this product really moisturizes
it's so hydrating that my skin doesn't feel tight
it is very moisturizing
just one dab of this product gives so much hydration to the skin
so moisturizing a little goes a long way works better paired with the liquid
as a moisturizing base for makeup.
facial oils to give my dry skin the moisture boost it needs
absorbs quick, light weight, and so hydrating.
lightweight moisturizer to combat newly dry skin
it hydrates like crazy
it's very moisturizing and brightens the skin.
this cream is very emollient
it's has both watery moisturizing qualities as well as a bit of oilyness to hold in the moisture from leaving
this moisturizer does a good job on hydrating the skin
this cream moisturizes my sensitive combination skin well without ever irritating it
is hydrating without feeling greasy
ceramides as a skin care ingredient are proven beneficial
didn't feel as though they were actually moisturizing my skin
is more hydrating than even the heaviest of creams
before this i was using the fresh rose deep hydrating serum
it feels so hydrating
it is moisturizing without being heavy
it hydrates and plumps my skin up.
it feels very moisturizing
it sets the perfect balance for hydrating my skin
sticky like many moisturizers
this liquid lotion / serum is great.
the lotion works great for humid
i need a more moisturizing product
especially considering i can't exfoliate
moisturizing this liquid is
it's simply going to be very hydrating
even though it is very hydrating
this toner/serum works perfectly as a prep for moisturizing
does it's job of moisturizing very well
its super moisturizing and hydrating.
the oil doesn't moisturise enough
while it's very light, it's incredibly hydrating.
ceramides are amazing for healing
it's light and moisturizes my dry skin very well.
i can't believe how lightweight yet moisturizing it is
highly absorbent coconut oil mostly
it is very hydrating
found it too moisturizing for my combination skin
the ceramidin products have done a great job hydrating skin
this hydrating liquid is just what my dry winter skin needs
i think the ceramidin cream felt moisturizing on it's own
if i didnt moisturize at night
i asked for something moisturizing
it's non-greasy, non-oily and still moisturizing.
it is thick and creamy and moisturized.
this product moisturizes my skin while completely evening my skin tone
it is very moisturizing
it is very moisturizing
hydrating on my combination skin
this product moisturizes without being greasy
it's the most hydrating moisturizer i've ever used without feeling super sticky
it is not nearly as moisturizing
this age arrest anti-wrinkle cream is extremely hydrating
it just keeps lathering
super creamy feeling for a foaming cleanser
this moisturizing cleanser is great for my skin
it is super moisturizing
this adds so much moisture to my skin when it needs it the mostthis moisturizer is really hydrating
it is really hydrating
was skeptical of this moisturizer because of the intensity of the moisturization
my relationship status: shishedo ibuki refining moisturizer enriched
i find it to be moisturizing
which isn't moisturizing enough for me
the enriched moisturizer is fantastic for keeping my skin soft
the ibuki enriched moisturizer is amazing.
i think this is what makes it so hydrating
it felt very moisturizing
use it after i wash my face for night time moisturizing
this moisturizer absorbs quickly
very thick and hydrating but not greasy.
it moisturizes my skin like no other!
oiliness i was nervous about such a rich moisturizer
it really does moisturize well
moisturize all of my dry spots
it does moisturize pretty well with a small application
it's intense too -- really moisturizes my face.
it is highly moisturizing without causing me any breakout
it manages to be deeply moisturizing without being greasy
it absorbs quickly and is very moisturizing.
moisturizing enough to use as a night cream
moisturizes it very well
best eye cream for hydration
serums do not provide me with enough moisture.
hydrating enough but not too creamy.
it is so hydrating and great for dry skin
great for hydrating, firming and to reduce lines.
it has a very nice texture and is very hydrating.
i prefer a richer cream that really hydrates the under eye area
moisturizers for my oily skin
it moisturizes all day
it is packed with skin nourishing ingredients
feel like it really hydrates my skin
it is moisturizing without being greasy.
i love how it hydrates my skin
it is very moisturizing
this oil is so moisturizing and calming.
this serum is sooo hydrating
hydrating serum that has really made my skin radiant
it has lots of antioxidants and brighteners.
it hydrates by dry skin
the moisture recovery moisturizer every day
the herbal recovery serum made my skin feel so dewy
it's a great hydrating cream
i found it equally moisturizing
this cream is extremely hydrating
i absolutely love how moisturizing it is
which also was moisturizing
very moisturizing as it contains hyaluronic acid
moisturizing enough that my skin doesn't feel tight
this gel oil is the perfect combination of a wet cleanser combined with the hydrating benefits of an oil cleanser
it hydrates the flaky patches on my skin
i didn't not feel like it was as moisturizing as the l'occitane
this has a gel-like texture
nor does it exfoliate
put on a moisturizing gel afterwards
very hydrating, soft, pure magic!
cleansing this moisturizer saves my skin
moisturized i highly recommend
it moisturizes my sensitive and super dry skin.
fuss free and hydrating mask.
it is so hydrating and leaves my skin so soft.
this is deeply hydrating
it is soooo moisturizing
this is the most moisturizing
if i don't exfoliate
it is super moisturizing
hydrates my skin deeply.
it is super gentle and hydrating.
it really hydrates my skin.
feeling dehydrated in spite of moisturizing
this moisturizer does a great job of hydrating my skin without causing irritation or breakouts
especially after i exfoliate
very moisturizing and very nourishing.
at night i use it as a hydrating mask.
lightweight, gel feel, but rich hydration.
this is very hydrating
very moisturizing, hydrating for me.
when your skin needs to be nice and hydrating!
you would think very hydrating my skin is still quite dry
this is really hydrating
it is very hydrating for me
that hydrates all day
i also like the gel/creme texture
i found most were not moisturizing enough.
the product is extremely hydrating
one star deducted because its not very hydrating
hydrating in comparison as well
t's difficult finding a product that moisturizes my undereye area
this moisturizer delivers hydration plus the benefits of retinol
night after ferulic + retinol fortifying neck emulsion
still moisturizes my combination skin
i wish it were more moisturizing.
the best moisture creme ever.
like other retinol lotions can be
it does moisturize well.
it does a great job moisturizing while smoothing pores
not oily/greasy feel like most moisturizers
moisturizes my skin without feeling to heavy
i love that now there is a more hydrating version of the serum i love for intense repair
this is extremely hydrating
this is very hydrating
it is not very moisturizing
it is extremely hydrating as well
it is very hydrating
this it the one cream that moisturizes
t is great for night time to moisturize
substantial enough to provide excellent moisturizing overnight
plump without the shine or oiliness that some hydrating moisturizers can leave behind
absorbs quickly, very hydrating.
this cream is not too rich but very moisturizing.
it's very moisturizing w/out being too heavy.
the multi-perfecting detoxifying exfoliator
this moisturizer is highly emollient
leaves ur skin super hydrating
it hydrates the skin well
it feels very moisturizing
typically like moisturizers that are lightweight
does a better job in exfoliating your pores
this one does not smell as bad as the exfoliating radiance
seeing the exfoliation of the skin
it hydrates my skin
ultra repair face moisturizer
it purifies skin but is very gentle.
i love that it is a gel cleanser as it leaves my skin super moisturized after
i absolutely love their intense hydrating cream
as long as you moisturize
the fresh mattifying exfoliator for complete oil control
this is very hydrating
this is really moisturizing.
when i used it as an hydrating mask
brightens as it moisturizes
it is very hydrating
moisturizers my skin for its needs
this mask is extremely hydrating
i used it under a night cream after exfoliating.
i exfoliate / peel regularly to help cell turnover
super hydrating and the result stays.
find this very hydrating without being irritating to my eyes
this product is definitely hydrating
it's hydrating, soothing, and not too heavy.
this eye cream is very soothing and hydrating.
it is moisturizing and visibly firming.
the formal is rich and hydrating.
for my age its hydrating
this eye cream is very hydrating
extremely moisturizing without being greasy.
lovely hydrating eye cream
this cream really helped hydrate the area to reduce the appearance of wrinkles
it's hydrating, yet firming.
this is so moisturizing
this is very hydrating
i think the rose one is more hydrating
we both love it--it's amazingly moisturizing
this is an extremely hydrating
the serum deeply hydrates
offering lasting hydration for a fresh
i find this to be very moisturizing
this product really moisturizes throughout the entire day
very moisturizing while also absorbent
it is very hydrating
this is highly moisturizing and non-comedogenic.
this stuff moisturizes amazing
super moisturizing, but not super oily.
it's the best hydrating treatment i've ever used.
it's a mix of a serum and a moisturizer.
sometimes super hydrating products can break me out-
this was intensely moisturizing
this was a little to hydrating for this season
i love love love this hydrating treatment.
argan milk helps hydrate my poor skin
then i apply argan oil on top for extra hydration
was so blown away by how moisturizing
a serum that truly moisturizes so much that a separate moisturizer is not needed
it was very hydrating
smells good, very hydrating to the skin.
pricey but amazing to hydrate skin!
found it to be quite hydrating
!exfoliate with yes to, grapefruit.
its moisturizing lasts for over 24hrs!
used it after exfoliating
it's super hydrating if you wash it off after ten minutes
i like the coconut scent feels hydrating
if it's hot or i over moisturize
this mask deeply moisturizes my skin
this product is one of my favorites when it comes to hydrating my skin
so hydrating and honestly amazing.
this feels so hydrating on the skin.
it is very moisturizing
after applying a thin layer as a moisturizing night cream before bed
is it super hydrating?
i'd say it's moderately hydrating.
absolutely love this hydrating formula!
it is super hydrating
incredibly luxurious skin cream.
it is a excellent cream for hydration
this not only moisturizes my skin during the winter
i love this cream because it moisturizes
i also think that hydrating the skin will reduce blackheads
hydrating the skin starts at an early age
it goes on velvety smooth and is hydrating.
this one is much more hydrating
fluid never hydrating enough
i feel this is a super-hydrating cream
lips serum--i feel the serum better helps moisturize
it hydrates my skin
is too hydrating for using at day with make up
it is truly moisturizing and softens fine lines.
it is very hydrating
this eye cream is hydrating
plus, it really does moisturize.
i think it also has some hydrating effects.
it's not the most moisturizing eye cream out there
it moisturizes my combination skin well
it cleanses, tones and moisturizes your skin.
these oil balms are great.
very moisturizing on my dry skin.
with this being a cleansing oil i thought it would be a little more moisturizing
very hydrating for under eye area i recommend.
found this cream to be more moisturizing
it is deeply hydrating
serves as a good base while moisturizing your face
this product is more mattifying
moisturizer with skincare benefits
i find this to be a nice moisturizing cream
it's hydrating without being greasy
it's not as hydrating as the other lotus face lotion
it is light weight and hydrating.
this lotion hydrates my skin perfectly all day without over-doing it or making my skin greasy
i feel like this lotion moisturizes
it is very moisturizing
it doesnt feel particularly moisturizing
i wanted a very hydrating lotion that will not clog my pores or cause irratation
preventative anti-aging with a lightweight texture
definitely a combo/oily skin product
this helps moisturize a bit
it's lightly hydrating for my oily skin
the moisturizing feel stays all day
really does feel detoxifying
i still moisturize plenty after rinsing it off
this is a nice exfoliating mask.
most masks are pampering
smoothes my skin moisturizes
am usually super skeptical about products that claim to "detoxify pores"
that also hydrates my skin
hydrates without being greasy
i find that it moisturizes well enough for me
this moisturizer is light and creamy.
they always fell short of being moisturizing enough
it is so moisturizing
i added this as a first step before moisturizing
wanted a night serum that wasn't oily-feeling to exfoliate
works well alone or mixed with my hydrating moisturizer
it is a mild exfoliant
not super moisturing but still moisturizes
and it was moisturizes nicely.
hydrates under the eye
is very cooling to the skin
it's not very moisturizing
helps to detoxify the skin without drying
unless it's a moisturizing mask
the little algae particles help to exfoliate my skin
exfoliates the skin very effectively
amazing mask that gently exfoliates
it exfoliates and makes your skin so smooth.
it exfoliates as you put it on
this day gel is very hydrating yet oil free.
i've noticed it hydrates my skin
oil-free serum that hydrates the skin
this serum hydrates very nicely
not only does it moisturize in seconds
priming my skin for my serum/moisturizer
i've tried so many hydration serums/oils in the past
i've found a moisturizing antioxidant serum that doesn't contain pore-clogging ingredients
i sometimes use it alone or mix it with a moisturizing toner
this cream is very hydrating
this is very moisturizing
the cleanser itself doesn't feel exfoliating
essano rosehip oil night cream
this mask is the most hydrating out of all of them
i alternate between exfoliating masks
moisturizing masks through the week
moisturizes hot summer skin
it's incredibly healing and calming.
cool with the consistency of aloe vera gel
this is the perfect moisturizing mask
also the glam glow hydrating mud
this isn't as hydrating as the glam glow mask
the gel is cooling
it is extremely hydrating
hydrating without bringing on the grease.
this rose eye cream felt more hydrating
it hydrates without making my verrryyy combination skin oily
this is not super hydrating for my super dry flakey skin
giving all the benefits of glycolic with the soothing
it is so hydrating too
this cleanser keeps my skin exfoliated.
contains glycolic acid that gently exfoliates my skin
i get the perfect amount of exfoliation
a deep clean that moisturizes
it is so smooth and hydrating for my skin.
this is a very nice cleansing gel
doing an exfoliation treatment
however did not find it as moisturizing as it claimed to be a hydrating mask
it also hydrates your skin and has spf.
as this doesn't moisturize too well
moisturizing and blends so easily.
on its own it's not moisturizing enough
have difficulties finding products that are truly moisturizing
it is a very creamy mask and very moisturizing.
it's not intensely moisturizing
this moisturizer is extremely lightweight
it hydrates my skin immediately
this is hydrating yet not greasy.
absorbs very quickly while still being extremely hydrating
super hydrating and great anti-aging benefits.
it feels good to put on, and it's very hydrating.
hydrating in a soothing, calming sense.
hydrating that area really nicely as well
this products works wonders moisturizing under my eyes
fresh rose deep hydration moisturizer
hydrating eye cream with cucumber
this gel is extremely refreshing
this one actually hydrates
love the scent and how hydrating it is.
works well at hydrating
it is very moisturizing without being oily
this gel feels so luxurious
it is so hydrating a moisturizing
the cream is very hydrating.
very good hydrating product.
love this under eye cream, it is so hydrating!
i find it hydrating
the eye gel is soothing
has a lovely smell and very hydrating.
it is so cooling, soothing, and hydrating.
this gel cream is amazinggg!!
very hydrating and smells great.
i love how this gel cream absorbs so decadently
hydrates the skin area
cooling gel cream formula refreshes
i wish it did more besides hydrating.
this is a very lightweight eye gel that is very moisturizing
it's just for hydrating.
bags are gone very hydrating as well
i love the texture of the gel-cream!
it is very moisturizing without feeling heavy.
the gel is very refreshing
it does moisturize the eye area well
hydrating enough to get rid of the dryness without irritating my skin
it also hydrates well.
so hydrating and smells wonderful.
very hydrating and non-irritating.
not only does it moisturize
light and non-greasy, but so hydrating.
very hydrating and has a cooling effect
this is the most hydrating eye cream i've ever used
it's definitely very moisturizing
honestly think this is way more hydrating
extremely hydrating and rich formula.
very hydrating when puts on immediately
the gel feels so cooling
hydrating, great for both day and night.
lightly exfoliate to help the product sink in
exfoliant for your nose
the after gel was super soothing
the night cream is cooling
the night cream is very emollient.
is also very moisturizing
the night cream is also very moisturizing
5 stars for this product's moisturizing properties
the night cream is very hydrating
this is an excellent exfoliator that doesn't scrub me dry
it starts to exfoliate a little
the main objectives of this is to exfoliate
it's definitely a pampering feeling product as it's not too harshly exfoliating or drying
the oil element just moisturizes so much
the blue can be a little too hydrating for my super oily skin
a bit of exfoliation makes my skin feel wonderfully smooth
what i like is that it gives an extra hydrating boost
while "hydrating" is not the main claim touted by this oh eye gel
hydrating the skin around the eyes
this gel is very moisturizing.
its not really a moisturizing product
the cooling gel is fantastic.
it's a light and cooling gel.
it is super hydrating
this nighttime gel is cooling
i find this gel refreshing
it seems to be quite hydrating
especially if your skin is not used to exfoliation or chemical exfoliation
the intense chemical exfoliation does make pores look smaller
it's great because it has a physical exfoliant
left with this miracle exfoliating mask
the combination of the exfoliating particles
because of the gel-like texture
it first feels like a gentle exfoliator
was careful to moisturize after
its a very good exfoliator for me.
i already chemical exfoliate my skin every night with a 12% glycolic serum
it is so nicely exfoliating
is an excellent exfoliator
i find it very effective at exfoliating
gels irritate my skin
this exfoliating mask is awesome!
is very effective at exfoliating
light enzyme mask that does a good at-home exfoliation
it's a 3 in one exfoliant, peel, and polished.
if you don't exfoliate
it's my favorite exfoliating mask.
the perfect amount of exfoliant
it is super exfoliating
i've used many exfoliating products
i often need to exfoliate
this mask is a highly effective exfoliating treatment that polishes the skin
it noticably exfoliates my skin
ntensively exfoliating afterwards my skin feels baby smooth
it's great for exfoliating
for an effective exfoliator it works wonders
it is a great exfoliant
i follow up with the algenist hydrating essence toner while my skin is still damp
it's so moisturizing and smooth.
it is extremely moisturizing
in the past i didn't put enough emphasis on hydrating my skin because of the oiliness
it can leave a dewy/oily finish since it is quite moisturizing
it very moisturizing without feeling greasy
used it before applying the clinique dramatically different moisturizing cream
was layering clinique's salicylic acid gel with my moisturizer to clear it up
it's light but hydrating.
the texture of this serum is luxurious
i've used it at night before moisturizing
wouldn't saying this is exactling moisturizing or exfoliating
it seems as though nothing is hydrating enough
that does help with hydrating the face
it wasn't as moisturizing as i thought it would be
i think this is a very moisturizing serum.
this serum feels cooling
this one actually moisturizes
i do use something more moisturizing at night
this instantly hydrates my thirsty skin
hydrating which i love
intensely hydrating without being heavy.
it is very moisturizing
this cream moisturises it without leaving it greasy
it absorbs well for a richer moisturizer
it moisturizes for sure
it does a great job moisturizing
light weight, but really hydrating.
i do two layers of hydrating oils
exfoliating plus it has 20% vitamin c for brightness
it works similar to an exfoliating product.
even seems to have a hydrating effect on my skin
this one is so gentle: the consistency is like micronized brown sugar in a liquid
am happy to report that my skin stays completely soft because of the exfoliation
it's the regular exfoliation
it's currently my favorite exfoliating product
i definitely recommend moisturizing
once i moisturize, i'm good.
it exfoliates without stripping my skin of oils
did not find it moisturizing
this is an amazing cream not to heavy very moisturizing perfect under retinol that can be very drying
does a great job in moisturizing
it is also super hydrating
both are very hydrating
it's moisturise and absorb really quick.
it's like a light moisturizing
the texture is smooth and very hydrating.
it moisturizes my face extremely well
i think it may gently exfoliate as well
it helps with the absorption of the serums
this moisturizer really soothes my skin
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
the facial cream does what is advertised at a reasonable price: hydrates
do not need much to moisturize.
its more of a cream/gel mask
if you like genuinely hydrating
this is so rich & moisturizing.
even better than origins' other hydrating mask
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
it hydrates my skin
find that this instantly moisturizes my skin
especially for being so hydrating i don't need moisturizer after using it on my 53 year rosacea-prone skin
i feel like it just melts the make up off while also moisturizing my skin
when you add water the emulsion becomes luxuriously creamy
daily oil/dirt while also hydrating my skin
ard ones do it is a very nice emollient cleanser for drier skin
moisturize my skin through these cold months
it is very moisturizing
nourishing lashes as well
it becomes a cream that is very hydrating
it is super emollient
i know that its really moisturizing
very moisturizing for my dry lids/under eye area.
i've tried quite a few eye creams that promised to hydrate
it's very hydrating on my dry skin an really sinks in so my concealer
it doesn't feel super hydrating.
super moisturizing eye cream
this serum soothes my skin
this combined with continues acidic exfoliation has cleared my skin
great moisturizing serum that is not too heavy.
lotions that are hydrating yet not irritating
as a super moisturizing cleanser for my entire head
the gel is so gentle
the gel emulsifies into a creamy
it is the most moisturizing cleanser i've ever tried
i love how hydrating it is
hydrates you skin without making it oily
normally i'll find one that either moisturizes
is the perfect surface for serums
this cleanser leaves my skin perfectly moisturized
smooth like a moisturizing gel
all of my next moisturizing steps at night are unaffected
this is very moisturizing
it's not super nourishing or moisturizing
this is a good moisturizing serum
is a good serum, my skin feels very hydrating
it seems very moisturizing without leaving my skin feeling greasy
the deep moisture therapy moisturizer
this one will be my go-to hydrating product
after exfoliating i used this
this product really moisturizes my skin
but, it's really effective at moisturizing.
hyalo is by far most hydrating
i love how lightweight this product is considering how uber hydrating it is
hydrating for my sensitive skin
as someone with oily skin i am wary of very hydrating products
absolutely one of the most hydrating products i've ever used
definitely hydrates your skin
this mask does what it says- it's definitely hydrating
you can also just use aloe vera creams as well
this stuff is the most hydrating formula i've ever used
it is so soothing and very hydrating.
this is super moisturizing
a really hydrating and calming mask.
perfect for post-peeling or exfoliating.
it's so hydrating and gentle!!
very moisturizing and fast absorbing.
nothing hydrates my skin like this does.
was in need of something super hydrating
this does what it says help with hydrating your skin
it thoroughly moisturizes my skin
it hydrates my skin so well
it hydrates so well
is a great moisturizing mask
on cold dry days i'll use this for extra moisturization
even if this mask weren't super moisturizing
usually after lightly exfoliating
a good exfoliation is key though
this is a great hydrating mask for dry skin
it is very hydrating
this is stuff is insanely hydrating
it is so worth how hydrating it is
it is hydrating for my combo skin
since i pair it with the cucumber de-tox bouncy hydrating gel
focus on hydrating my skin
it's very hydrating in comparison to other foaming cleansers
was nervous about trying a foaming hydrating cleanser
i don't know about the exfoliating properties yet
i wouldn't say it exfoliates that much
i am very satisfied with the radiance cleansing foam
provides the perfect amount of exfoliation for every day use
it is a great way to exfoliate your skin daily
this is a very good foaming cleanser that feels somewhat creamy
i am very impressed with this product as it is very moisturizing
the best hydrating mask, hands down!
it's light-weight but so hydrating.
i love gel hydrating masks.
acne-prone skin rarely needs "hydrating
it hydrates really well
i could feel it actually moisturizing my skin.
which i experience with other moisturizers that are not hydrating enough
it is moisturizing and brightening.
this does not feel hydrating
hydrates in one step
i think this hydrating mask is phenomenal
the mask is seriously hydrating
this one did a nice job hydrating
these serums are potent
hydration without having to apply a heavy moisturizer
it feels incredibly moisturizing
nourishing without being greasy
i can tell it hydrates my skin really well
i've used this under my skin before moisturizing before bed
this is a great product to moisturize
it leaves my skin hydrating
moisturizing but not greasy, and smells good too!
if you layer it with the serum/essence/lotion/toner
even alone it's quite hydrating
it hydrates it so perfectly
this balm is moisturizing
forms a protectant layer that hydrates
i would supplement that with the murad hydrating essence
it also very moisturizing.
supple after the rinse
breathable after taking my makeup off
it's hydrating and lightweight and lasts so long.
wasn't a super astringent toner product
because it is quit hydrating.
its a perfect prep before moisturizing.
find this mask so moisturizing
find this cream has excellent firming properties as well as moisturizing
use this every night-great moisturizing mask
this one just adds that extra moisturizing treatment
this "mask" is super emollient and very thick.
not only does it deeply moisturize
it feels very moisturizing even when i wake up in the morning
it moisturizes so well and is very gentle.
i prefer to use in combination with a microfibre exfoliating cloth
love this gentle exfoliator.
not only that although this is a clay based cleanser it is highly moisturizing
charcoal is very awesome for detoxing
just make sure you're also using a hydrating cream or moisturizer with it
it is so moisturizing on my dry skin
it's also really moisturizing
it hydrates both my oily
or my skin will be extremely dehydrated because of the emulsifier
hydrating after using it
it's moisturizing but leaves no oily residue.
this exfoliating cleanser is amazing.
not foaming, but it does feel nourishing.
as the morning is better for exfoliating cleansers
massage then add water to emulsify
my dry patches still require a more hydrating moisturizer
ncredibly moisturizing to my combination skin
it's super light and so moisturizing.
it moisturizers my skin perfectly
which wasn't as moisturizing
it is very lightweight, yet so moisturizing.
it does a pretty good job of moisturizing the dry parts of my face
after taking off hydrating mask at night
i love this renewed moisturize
it could be more moisturizing
it really is amazingly hydrating
it moisturizes so well and smells good!
it hydrates the rest of my skin well
it is so light weight and hydrating.
long lasting moisture and light exfoliation.
this product is very hydrating
is lightweight yet still moisturizes like a heavy cream
this moisturizing can be used for morning
this was really moisturizing
it doesn't moisturize as much as i need
this moisturizes pretty well
it is also very moisturizing
very hydrating, and it really brightens!
i also want them to be hydrating
liquid lipstick with gentle massaging
impurities while hydrating the skin
it also moisturizes my face.
combo/oily skin with seasonal dryness
once water is added it becomes emollient
it was so hydrating my skin loved it
moisturizing without being heavy
it made my base so much more hydrating
extremely soothing and moisturizing to the skin.
besides it being an incredible moisturizing oil
moisturizing, absorbs well, great for layering.
i usually put a moisturizing cream over my oils
i can't believe how moisturizing
oils are amazing for oily skin
at night i'm using retinol
i exfoliate every morning
it's so light but super moisturizing!!
for my skin, marula oil is incredibly healing.
it is so nourishing
this is so hydrating!
am amazed at how hydrating
this product is great because while it's very hydrating
since i use the drunk elephant moisturizing gel
it really feels so hydrating/moisturizing like it sinks deep into the skin to quench dryness
my favorite way to use this is to mix 2-3 drops with a hydrating serum
this moisturizing oil heals my skin.
this is glycolic with salicylic.
this exfoliating serum is easy to use
a pump of the hydration serum
the hydrating serum in the morning
scrubbing with manual exfoliants can cause inflammation deep in the skin that interrupts our body's natural detoxification/exfoliation process
make sure to moisturise after using this to avoid drying
has retinol in it
salicylic acids worked really well for my skin
still a night glycolic peel
this product also contains moisturizers
the glycolic night serum
the gel hydrating serum from de as well
have a fresh base for moisturizers
tight if i don't moisturize immediately
may not be emollient enough for dry skin.
moisturizes without irritating my skin
creamy lather i've ever experienced
the perfect cold weather facial cleanser
it helped me exfoliate
i also love the mild exfoliation.
slightly exfoliates my skin
an exfoliating bar which is gentle yet does the job for my skin
my skin doesnt need heavy exfoliation so this works great for me
it's a great gentle way to exfoliate.
i love the way it exfoliates!
it perfectly exfoliates my skin
gives me the exfoliation i need
this bar gives gentle exfoliation without irritation
it's exfoliating, but not too much.
i no longer have to use a clarisonic to exfoliate my dry winter skin
it's exfoliating on its own
i recently developed this flaky skin issue where my skin would get super super flaky dry in specific areas even though i would use a mild exfoliant like the rice enzyme powder from tatcha in combination with a very moisturizing facial lotion
it gently exfoliates my skin
this one is nourishing
with very gentle exfoliating sensation
creamy lather i've ever experienced
the exfoliating bits are few
t doesn't feel like i am over-exfoliating
even with the exfoliating bits
this bar will exfoliate the skin
the exfoliation feels great while moisturizing my skin
it's an exfoliating soap
i like a slight exfoliation in the am
the exfoliation is the perfect size
i love the light exfoliating aspect of it
that smooth feeling after exfoliation is there
the exfoliation on the bar is awesome
the fine granules offer a bit of exfoliation which i like
perfect exfoliation for daily use
i do believe it's exfoliating my face
i moisturize after use
it leaves my skin a little red due to the exfoliation
after that i can apply a night/aging/hydrating cream to help calm my face
i tried to put lotion to moisturize
it hydrates and doesn't leave skin oily.
this serum feels very luxurious
it does a great job moisturizing
before the premier cru moisturizing cream
it hydrates extremely well without any tackiness
brightening serums for a while now
it's not only hydrating
it's very hydrating too.
foaming and moisturizing, this was so worth it!
this face wash is super nourishing
it's gentle moisturizing foamy
didn't really add much moisturize
just not very moisturizing
this moisturizes my skin soo much
for something that's supposed to be moisturizing
it is so moisturizing
moisturize nothing has worked
it's a cream formulation yet it leaves my oily skin feeling clean
it exfoliates a little bit
definitely hydrates extremely well
just to aid in exfoliation
i love the milky consistency of this product because i have oily skin its not irritating it moisturizes
besides it moisturizes your skin
has really nice moisturizing ingredients in it
it's not as hydrating as eye cream
light hydration, non-greasy.
the texture is similar to a serum or thin lotion
this oil is hydrating
it definitely needs an intense moisturizing follow up
i don't feel like it was very moisturizing though
wonderful full lathering creamy cleanser.
it is super moisturizing but not oily.
i highly recommend using this after a peel or exfoliator because it hydrates
it mattifies and moisturizes so well!
hydrates my dry skin
it wasn't too moisturizing
it makes my skin so soft and its moisturizing.
its a good serum, hydrates well.
this serum feels so soothing
this gives my slightly oily skin just enough hydration while it at the same time makes my moisturizing sink in better
feel that it hydrates where i need it
my moisturizing routine is pretty basic
this is moisturizing enough for me without being too heavy
it is one of the more moisturizing masks in the line
moisturizing skin with vitamins
it's hydrating, tingly, and purifying.
oddly enough, this is also very hydrating.
will clean out pores while hydrating your skin.
it's hydrating which is great for me with my extra dry skin
it is super moisturizing
which is why i'm assuming the mask is also hydrating
this is so hydrating.
it moisturizes quite well too.
hydrates dry combination skin type
ultra rich moisturizing mask
more moisturizing than the soy cleanser
estee lauder nutritious night vita-mineral intense nourishing creme
it perfectly balances my face for my moisturizing routine
it also moisturizes pretty darned well with a light serum underneath
it is lightly hydrating
only with proper moisturizing
it has been exfoliating
moisturizing compared to my other wash
opt in for the "peeling gel exfoliant"
the cucumber gel mask
exfoliate the top layer of skin
it almost feels like it moisturizes my skin.
moisturize that area ladies
it doesn't really moisturize
this is a very moisturizing cream for dark under-eye circles
over this i put moisture bound rejuvenating eye treatment gel
i felt the product was very hydrating.
moisturizing as well so that helps
this cream/gel feels cool
need to layer it for better moisturizing.
it's not especially moisturizing
use something else for moisturizing because this one doesn't moisturize
exfoliating and cleansing all in one product.
i like being able to exfoliate daily
the exfoliating beads are pretty small
also 3 times a week i use the glamglow moisturizing mask through the night
the exfoliating factor is just perfect- not too light
i go between this and the moisturizing one.
this exfoliating cleanser is so awesome!
this is a great light exfoliating cleanser.
i like that this is an exfoliating cleanser
really enjoyed how exfoliating
making sure i exfoliate well
as for the exfoliation, it's very gentle.
i feel like it exfoliates well
the exfoliation isn't too harsh for daily use.
doesn't feel like you are exfoliating
i tried the "hydrating" version in the blue bottle
it was very mildly exfoliating
this gentle exfoliator once a day
then the blue hydrating mask afterwards
as far as the exfoliating part
the exfoliating element isn't immediate
so hydrating for the really dry skin at the moment
it smells amazing and is so hydrating.
does a great job hydrating
i also bought the hydrating mud mask
something a tad more moisturizing to restore the oils at night
i love that its moisturizing too!
it keeps my skin hydrating
the only downside it's labeled as hydrating
product in hopes of hydrating my dry skin
i decided to give this hydrating cleanser a try
very nice, simple, moisturizing face cleanser.
it's very hydrating as well!
however, it is really moisturizing!
i love this hydrating cleanser
definitely the most hydrating cleanser i've ever used
it absorbs very quickly, and is very hydrating.
the description calls it hydrating, that it is.
moisturize with pure jojoba oil
you can feel it hydrating your skin
it feels like it is hydrating.
this is a noticeably hydrating cleanser
dry skin always needs a moisturizer after cleansing
it cleanses well and smells like suntan lotion!
wouldn't say it's super moisturizing.
then micellar water before moisturizing
lathering it up with moist h
feels very hydrating while it's going on
love this moisturizing cleanser
it cleanses the faces while hydrating it
this product hydrates my skin like no other
leaves my skin feeling super moisturized compared to other cleansers
it moisturizes well which is really all i want
it hydrates well and feels smooth.
which makes it very hydrating
this moisturizes it like a dream
works nicely to brighten and moisturize.
really moisturizes under my eyes
i do feel like it moisturizes really nicely
its moisturizing with out it being oily
very moisturizing eye cream.
have been trying different moisturizing/anti aging eye cream
this product is very hydrating
i just want a hydrating cream that lasts all day
it is very hydrating for being such a light cream
this is such a moisturizing rich product
i absorbs well and definitely moisturizes.
mix it in with a foundation to make the foundation more hydrating
while i've tried every "moisturizing"
moisturizes as well as cleanses
it is really hydrating
or don't moisturize enough
i am really liking this exfoliant.
it feels hydrating while it is on
i do not find it moisturizing in the long run
this is my only exfoliate now
only use it on places that need the moisturizing
leaving the skin prepared for moisturizers or serums
it chemically exfoliates so your skin doesn't get irritated
i used this every night for a week straight with nutritious vitality8™ radiant moisture creme in the mornings
this particular moisture cream is amazing!
i love how moisturizing it is
this moisturizer is very hydrating
this was very hydrating
use tretinoin cream at night
it's not very moisturizing
i do exfoliate twice a week
i do need to moisturize well after this serum
algenist regenerative anti-aging lotion
moisturizing at the same time
this product has active enzymes to chemically exfoliate the skin
it's a normal amount of moisturize
very fine exfoliating scrub.
love this for exfoliating my skin.
this product does exfoliate the skin very well
it's great at exfoliating my skin
definitely recommend this exfoliator.
i love this exfoliator.
i exfoliate every morning.
enter josie maran argan exfoliating cleansing powder
this product gently exfoliates
this is a great exfoliator.
i also use it with the light josie maran argan oil for a better exfoliation
a good exfoliator for daily uses.
this is a really nice exfoliator
coarse enough to really exfoliate
don't like to over exfoliate my skin
it works well as an exfoliator
it is a nice exfoliating treatment
i can feel my face warming from the exfoliation
the light exfoliator isn't to much
love how it exfoliates
it sure does exfoliate mildly
this is a decent exfoliator
i really like this exfoliating powder.
how it absorbs so well into my skin while moisturizing it
i usually add another hydrating cream
it hydrates my skin enough to wear it as a moisturizer without being too heavy
adds to the pamper effect
it's detoxifying, but not dying.
it also gently exfoliates
the detoxing is wonderful
i know how important antioxidants are for my skin
with some other beneficial antioxidants to use as a preventative/brightening everyday serum
it gives me the most hydrating
very hydrating and comfort dryness.
because its very hydrating
moisturizing i feel the skin around my eyes are glowing as well
was just using eye creams for moisture
i would say this one is a little more hydrating
seems to be doing a good job at moisturizing my dry skin
cream to moisturize my face
this one is very moisturizing
it is very hydrating
this eye cream is so much more moisturizing for both night
it is very moisturizing and soothing.
i love this for a night eye cream very moisturizing
this is lovely and moisturizing, and non-greasy.
but this hydrates really good!
wanted something more hydrating
it is very moisturizing.
it is very moisturizing
seems hydrating but not thick and greasy.
moisturizing is what i crave in a nighttime eye cream
this product is so soothing and moisturizing.
so happy with this extra hydrating silky smooth line refining balm
great formula that is both hydrating
the moisturizing is great
this product is lightweight yet definitely hydrating
it is so hydrating
this is very moisturizing with out being greasy.
obviously very hydrating because it is an oil
it is incredibly hydrating
i usually apply this in the evening after i spray my face with hydrating mist
it provides just enough exfoliation
i find this super hydrating
for the first few applications it's really just a nice hydrating oil
i feel like there are more moisturizers/serums that will hydrate dry skin better
i can only assume this serum provides the same moisturizing benefit
it does smooth/moisturize my skin
they also have a great hydrating mask that's amazing as well
it was very hydrating
moisturizing without being oily
the serum is not greasy but feels moisturizing.
this serum is moisturizing
make sure you moisturize after
i suppose its due to the hydrating ingredients
the gel type texture is extremely refreshing.
it doesn't actually moisturize that well
this moisturizer provides the perfect balance of hydration while keeping my skin matte
it's very hard to find a lightweight moisturizer that will moisturize to get rid of dry patches
i've tried other mattifying moisturizers
with first aid beauty mattifying gel
this is an excellent oil-free lightweight moisturizer for oilier skin types
this mattifying gel is a very good anti-aging moisturizer for those with oily
it's enough to moisturize cheeks
it wasn't hydrating enough
lightweight gel moisturizer that provides moisture without making your skin more oily
clean, moisturizing and not too heavy.
its very moisturizing without being greasy yet i don not find it mattifying
t's hard to find something that moisturizes
i am constantly moisturizing
the ingredient list is pretty impressive with antioxidants
this gel moisturizer is great for light hydration
lightweight gel moisturizer that doesn't irritate my skin
this isn't moisturizing enough for me to use at night
highly recommend as an anti-aging moisturizer for oily to combo skin
plus ceramide is excellent as a moisturizer
it does an amazing job of moisturizing my skin
it hydrates enough for daytime use as a moisturizer under a primer
at night i exfoliate
plus its very hydrating
it hydrates my dry areas beautifully
it's also great for moisturizing!
definitely moisturize well before using this
this stuff hydrates my super dry skin
it wasn't hydrating enough
it is very hydrating
the moisturizing bomb is very good
it acts as a good primer while also moisturizing
love this simple, hydrating cream!
2 creams to get satisfactory hydration
moisturizing bomb as samples
it is definitely highly moisturizing
this lightweight moisturizer absorbs quickly
it is so deeply moisturizing without being sticky or leaving that "moisturizer film" on my skin
thought i'd try moisturizing bomb
this cream is so moisturizing in the best way possible
so hydrating, yet i don't feel greasy at all!
deeply hydrates while feeling fresh.
it's just so moisturizing
you can tell it really moisturizes well
this moisturizer was amazing at being gentle while also providing intensive hydration
first aid beauty ultra repair cream intense hydration was a bit too thick
this stuff is so hydrating.
this product was the only cream that could hydrate my skin
this moisturizing cream is amazing!
it is insanely moisturizing without feeling heavy at all
most hydrating moisturizer i have ever laid my h
this cream feels lightweight
nothing will moisturize my skin besides this
it is so extremely hydrating
this not only hydrates my dry skin
does a great job moisturizing
exfoliation will do wonders for your skin
lightweight yet intensely moisturizing
i've tried tons of moisturizers for dry skin
or because they are moisturizing
it dries my skin out even if i use a hydrating toner
this creamy cleanser is great.
i wouldn't say it exfoliates though.
double this product with the aqua moisturizing bomb by belif
very foamy but moisturizing
this lotion is lightweight
this smooth creamy moisturizer is great
it feels light weight but is very moisturizing.
that hasn't happened this year since this moisturizer hydrates really well
it provides just enough moisturize
just pure hydrating perfection!
it's also very hydrating
it was very moisturizing
this is a great moisturizer to help moisturize your skin
it's not overly moisturizing to wear you feel oily
it is so moisturizing
deeply moisturizer my dry sensitive skin
replenish the much needed moisture to his skin after exfoliating or a hot shower
i like to feel like my moisturizers are hydrating my skin
this moisturizer is surprisingly hydrating for a lotion
my problem with moisturizers is that they either don't hydrate enough
this actually hydrates my skin even though the consistency is more gel-like than other moisturizers
it controls the oil while moisturize my skin.
this moisturizer is super hydrating
this product is a hydrator, not a moisturizer.
it is definitely moisturizing
breakouts while moisturizing my skin
this hydrates so well
also the belif true cream moisturizing balm
the moisturizer absorbs quickly
it intensively moisturizes my skin
this worked wonders for hydrating my skin after my intensive skin care routine
the cream formula of the moisturizing bomb
the gel formula gives it a cooling
this moisturizer is a gel / cream
really moisturizing for my dry face.
it's extremely lightweight for being so moisturizing
i've had a hard time finding something that's moisturizing
i love that it's very hydrating
giving you hydration than the de gel moisturizer
it definitely does a great job of moisturizing my super dry spots
moisturizing for my dry skin
it is ultra hydrating
this hydrates my skin without making me oily
even being oily i love to thoroughly moisturize my skin
is still very moisturizing
this is a really great gel consistency moisturizer that still packs a hydrating punch
how moisturizing without being at all greasy
highly moisturizing, without clogging up my skin.
this moisturizer hydrates my skin very well
i love the way this gel moisturizes my skin
it is very moisturizing and quick absorbing.
true to it's name-very moisturizing
loved it.moisturizing but not heavy.
this moisturizer is extremely hydrating.
it's very light, but really hydrates.
this is the only moisturizer that keeps my extremely problematic acne prone skin moisturized
hydrating without being heavy or greasy.
gel-like moisturizers are good for oily skin
this is so hydrating!
it's hydrating, firming and smells great!
i definitely would say it's moisturizing.
i would say this is very moisturizing for my skin
need something that moisturizes
it's for sure hydrating which i want
i love this, it's hydrating but not greasy.
it is very hydrating
most eye creams are 15 ml
that's how i use this belif moisturizing
i really love this cream for the moisturizing properties
it leaves my face smooth and moisturizing esp.
it is very moisturizing
most hydrating eye cream i have found yet!
it is so moisturizing.
so moisturizing and doesn't break me out.
it's light weight but hydrating.
the mask is hydrating
it's so lightweight yet so moisturizing
it is a cooling to the skin.
moisturizing in the morning
i find it super hydrating
it's really soothing and moisturizing.
so you have to moisturize fully after
don't forget to moisturize afterward
ultra nurishing, hydrating and brightening mast.
- very light weight and absorbable.
these might feel hydrating
most "moisturizing creams" fall into this category
the belif aqua gel oil is moisturizing
it so light yet so moisturizing.
this is super moisturizing
i only use about 1-3 drops just for moisturizing
this does moisturize without clogging the skin
a light weight moisturizer that absorbs quickly
not the most hydrating option out there
i think it is hydrating
its super duper hydrating
as it is good at moisturizing
it felt quiet moisturizing
this eye cream transforms my undereye area while providing fantastic hydrating properties
it is very hydrating
it feels more like a moisturizing gel than anything
it's not actually super moisturizing though
it's hydrating enough for my dry skin.
i tend to steer clear of moisturizing oils for face
moisturizing products were making me break out more
it moisturise dry area totally well.
it's very moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
it's more moisturizing with a velvet finish that absorbs quickly into the skin
it definitely amplifies the moisturizing qualities of my normal face products
super hydrating i have normal to dry skin
truly exfoliates my skin in a gentle way!
exfoliating at the same time
i do moisturize twice a day
i exfoliate every night
it also reacts badly to cleansers that are too moisturizing
because it is a little too exfoliating
it seems to provide some gentle exfoliation as well
it moisturizers very well
it's moisturizing for sure.
applying it to my skin for an extra creamy texture
i like to use clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
glowy, light weight and moisturizing.
i did find this moisturizing
it is so hydrating on the skin3.
it is best used on damp skin as a moisturizing
it's not very moisturizing, but it blurs.
it moisturizes yet leaves a matte finish on the skin
is not terribly hydrating
because it is just barely moisturizing enough
for days that i need more moisture i will use a serum or hydrating primer with it
that this is not very moisturizing at all--
fluffy texture that even on my dry skin is supremely moisturizing
it pairs so well with fab hydrating serum without giving my face an oily feel
this isn't moisturizing enough for me though
with something more moisturizing underneath
it is the only moisturizer that is hydrating enough for my crazy
cream that is unscented
it's not greasy and it is moisturizing.
it is very moisturizing thanks to the shea
it really does feel moisturizing
hydrating with no greasy feeling
that being said does feel moisturizing
it is super moisturizing and luxurious feeling.
hydrating wihtout being oily
most moisturizers with spf feel thick
really mattifying, can be drying.
you need to use a hydrating cream or lotion afterwards
does a great job at detoxing my skin.
it's a bit drying so after i use it i apply thayers aloe
invigorating addition to anyone's facial routine
it feels like my skin is detoxing
i don't know about this "detoxifying"
i think this is a very nice detoxifying mask
i love the oxygenating feel/tingleness of it
hydrating so a wonderful addition to my mask collection
i loved this hydrating mask for right after i exfoliate or in between my facials
i would recommend over any other sephora hydrating mask
love this cooling, soothing gel mask!
as an esthetician i love finding great hydrating treatments for my skin
use after exfoliation so that your skin soaks up the product properly
its great for moisturizing
this is a nice hydrating mask.
i don't find it as hydrating
this was so moisturizing
is moisturizing without being greasy which is amazing
hydrates like no other
it instantly hydrates my oily acne prone dehydrated skin
the oil is very nice, very moisturizing.
brightens and moisturizes my skin.
you cannot tolerate silicone dense moisturizers or creams
the oil has really helped moisturize my skin.
felt like it was moisturizing
somewhat of a steep price but very hydrating
also feels like the masque is working
diligent with my moisturizers
my skin really seems to soak it up after the exfoliation
this is a very creamy, nourishing moisturizer.
this cream moisturizes wonderfully
it is wonderfully hydrating
it moisturizes very well
very hydrating without being heavy.
this cream definitely hydrates my skin
lightly scented great moisturizer for oily skin when you want moisture
this is the best cream i have found that both moisturizes
this cream hydrates and relieves me of redness.
it really moisturizes while still feeling silky
it does its job in moisturizing skin
the moisturizing effect lasts longer than most without leaving an oily residue
yet still ultra hydrating
it was super absorbent
this isn't hydrating enough
its really moisturizing and nourishing.
if you are oily, just lightly moisturize.
you need you use a very hydrating moisturizer afterwards though
exfoliates and purifies on point.
it really moisturizes my skin
the reason i like it is because how hydrating
i'd like to try the hydrating mask from this line now
it's detoxing my skin!
after exfoliating with caudalie's gentle buffing cream
the mask is super hydrating
it's difficult to find a moisturizing mask that doesn't break out my sensitive skin
this mask feels instantly hydrating
not the most powerful moisturizing mask i've tried
this is a great moisturizing mask
it just moisturizes it
this mask is super moisturizing
this really does moisturize your skin
replenishing for my skin
this mask is seriously moisturizing
it is a moisturizing serum
it is a gel formula and lightweight.
it has some hydrating ingredients
had to moisturize after using
more for the detoxifying of the skin
i recommend moisturizing really well after using
mine is clinique's dramatically different moisturizing gel
very hydrating-worth the cost.
extremely hydrating for the dry climate i live in
this product is very hydrating.
the best thing about this oil is how well it moisturizes
nothing i've tried is as moisturizing as this oil
it is very hydrating
this mask is very hydrating and gentle.
this cooling gel mask is fantastic!
it feels more like aloe vera gel consistency
it did a great job at hydrating my dry skin after a chemical peel treatment
loved this super moisturizing mask.
just lovely and hydrating a winter must , enjoy
it is very moisturizing
it hydrates my dry skin so much
some hydrating masks feel hot upon wearing
love this hydrating mask!
this hydrating mask helped my skin repair
the oil is hydrating for my face
perfect facial moisturizer for men with oily skin
cuts my moisturizing routine in half
i love that it also moisturizes
feels like it cleanses while moisturizing at the same time
am always on the look out for a hydrating cleanser that al
this waxy cleanser was so cool!
when i added the warm water it was a super-rich creamy cleanser
this is a great moisturizer for hydration!
somehow it's moisturizing as well
it's hydrating and rich but without being heavy.
the moisturizes, get this, really moisturizes!
very moisturizing for winter
it moisturizes so well and i just love it.
it gives a slight bit of exfoliation too which i didnt expect
i am not into moisturizing my skin after washing my face
has a little exfoliation to it
this product works very well with the boscia black hydration gel
because it exfoliates too
that's why you moisturize!
but even so, always moisturize.
which to me feels much more exfoliating than this
not greasy at all, super hydrating.
super hydrating for all skin types
perfect moisturizer for my extremely oily skin.
this product is very moisture
the night creams also hydrates
i absolutely love that it moisturizes
hydrates my skin without that sticky or oily feeling some moisturizers gives
this product is soothing and cooling!
very innovative and lovely moisturizer.
this gel moisturizer is so lightweight
beneficial for dry skin too when layered with a moisturizer
super moisturizing but absorbs very quickly.
even after slathering on moisturizing cream at night
it does a great job in smoothing/exfoliating my skin
you exfoliate with it
i also use this with the hydrating glamglow
the exfoliation it does is absolutely wonderful
this product is an exfoliating scrub
such a great exfoliating mask too
i love the exfoliating method of application also
don't feel like it has any moisturizing properties
the exfoliation isn't rough
really nice exfoliant, but not too strong.
definitely my go to facial exfoliation!
this exfoliating mask smells so good!
the flashmud brightenjng treatment gently exfoliates
i wish it was more moisturizing
the exfoliating properties are also really good.
you exfoliate with it
i've found this mask to exfoliate my face beautifully
i typically follow with the hydrating
it’s like an exfoliating cream.
the other for exfoliating
i used boscia exfoliating peel gel once
the not only gently exfoliate
i never remember to exfoliate
the exfoliating side was rough
because they work almost as an exfoliating facial
the exfoliating side works so well
it exfoliates the skin
the exfoliation isn't harsh either.
has some mild exfoliating particles
the exfoliating beads are not too harsh
has a great grainy texture to ensure exfoliation
i exfoliate my skin.
this mask helps exfoliating my skin in a gentle way
that needs daily exfoliating
i love that it is also an exfoliating mask as i have such dry skin
because you can exfoliate with it really well
to find a face mask that hydrates while also detoxifying
this is not necessarily hydrating
exfoliate so nicely without drying out my skin
the exfoliating was just right
it's a 2 in 1 exfoliator and mask.
love this 2-in-1 product that exfoliates
so my skin is sensitive to exfoliation
while also nourishing it
when you exfoliate it off it feels amazing
this makes a great hydrating primer
very moisturizing but not too heavy.
it also hydrates yet it goes on super light
nothing too light as it's not moisturizing enough
it's really moisturizing too when you put it on
the pomegranate mask is hydrating
it claims to be ultra moisturizing
it hydrates your skin so well!
cooling quality and has a gel like texture.
it hydrates incredibly well
it could be good for moisturizing your skin
the ultra hydrating rose one makes me break out a little
its so moisturizing that its worth it
the rose really hydrates my skin
it's very moisturizing and smells nice.
they have a gel texture
the gel like texture is soothing
moisturizing on your skin
really needed a lot of moisturizing
it felt so moisturizing on the skin
its a hydrating cleanser which is great for dry skin
this cleanser leaves my skin moisturized
it is super absorbent
it moisturizes and refreshes my under eye skin.
most hydration products are quite oily for me
a product like this that has antioxidants
its hydrating without being thick
this oil is great for moisturizing it without causing any breakouts
it is hydrating yet not heavy.
moisturize the eye area
i've tried the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this seems to be moisturizing enough to keep the dry patches at bay
putting on a retinol treatment
highly recommend using it after the fresh teaberry moisturizing face oil
it is definitely hydrating
this moisturized more than the lotion
use the moisturizing cream over my night time serum instead
flakey skin after exfoliation
i originally used clinique's dramatically different moisturizing lotion
this cream totally made me skin super moisturized
this is the perfect moisturizing cream to cure your dry skin
my dry skin loves this rich, creamy moisturizer.
its a good and emollient everyday moisturizer.
hydrating moisturizer that i could use together with serums in the evening
dramatically different moisturizing cream is perfect
it's very moisturizing and absorbs quickly.
clinique moisturizers have been a lifesaver!
love love love it, super moisturizing!
it is really light yet hydrating
i usually use the dramatically different moisturizing lotion throughout the winter with josie maran's argan oil
it's soft, creamy, and moisturizing.
using a moisturizing eye cream right after use helps alot
i recommend heavy moisturizing.
makeup forever moisturizing primer
the sales associate recommended adding a few hydrating drops to my moisturizer
right now i use the hydrating serum
soothing and moisturizing but amazingly light.
it was incredibly hydrating/refreshing for me
still really hydrates the skin
so light and moisturizes so well.
it's so light, yet so moisturizing!
this gel isn't particularly moisturizing
very hydrating and soothing for my dry skin.
highly recommend this gel moisturizer
the gel texture is so cool!
it is very hydrating
hydrates without feeling oily
if you want a moisturizing product that has an spf
retinol in a day cream
you can see the effects of continuous exfoliation
because it said was hydrating
i would recommend the clinique moisture intense for ultimate hydration
after searching for something hydrating
very hydrating and oil-free moisturizer.
this is moisturizing my face especially under foundation
this hydrates my combination skin perfectly.
this is so moisturizing without leaving you oily or greasy
it is very soothing and moisturizing.
the mild exfoliation in combination with the moisturizing power of the cream makes for a great skincare product
this not only is hydrating
it's hydrating without being heavy
also used the exfoliating wash.
it is super hydrating.
hydrating on the skin
pores under control yet is moisturizing
the gel texture is so cool
feels very fresh and moisturizing!
this provides the perfect balance of hydration without causing oiliness
i find that it does a super job of moisturizing
the gel texture feel lightweight
hydrates with out it feeling oily
moisturizing in the morning
it hydrates my skin
it might not be moisturizing enough for a dry northeastern winter climate
this is super hydrating
it does feel like it moisturizers/hydrates as some other creams
otherwise very naturally hydrating feel to it
this is so hydrating it's amazing.
it is very hydrating
i didn't find it particularly moisturizing
really hydrating eye cream
hydrating without being heavy.
i like that is is moisturizing, but light weight.
l'occitane cream feels really moisturizing.
it is also very emollient which i love as i have dry skin
it is.very soothing, calming and moisturizing.
this is extra moisturizing
i want an eye cream that hydrates
t certainly helps with the hydrating part
which is a physical sunblock with zinc oxide that isn't moisturizing on its own
completely hydrates the skin under the eye
yet has a great moisturizing effect
it's a light unscented gel-textured eye cream
it keeps my eye hydrates very well.
moisturizes well without the oiliness
light-weight yet moisturizing
it is a good moisturizing eye cream.
this is moisturizing enough for aging eye yet not too heavy
very moisturizing and not greasy.
its a light, moisturizing cream.
surprisingly very effective at hydrating skin
this cream is very moisturizing without being too oily
was immediately impressed with how moisturizing it was
i found it might be too moisturizing
ultra moisturizing and comforting and soothing.
it is deeply moisturizing
this moisturizer is creamy
it hydrates my skin and feels so silky.
it is so moisturizing
most moisturizers are oily
it is very moisturizing with out feeling greasy
moisturizes my dry patches of skin
this cream is not too emollient for normal skin
really hydrates without feeling greasy
some moisturizers irritate my skin
lightweight yet it moisturizes effectively.
creams--not greasy just rejuvenating
it has helped moisturize my skin
this one is very moisturizing
you need a good amount of water to hydrate this masque into a lather after it dries
exfoliates the skin while giving s touch of moisture
these are super hydrating on my skin.
it definitely wasn't hydrating
it very hydrating definitely purchasing again
these mask packs are subtle yet so moisturizing after
the pink one is moisturizing
i like the pink the best as it is moisturizing
i moisturize with the ceramidin cream after
the gel cream goes well with it for a lightweight moisture boost
this is not a kind of cleanser that leaves skin super moist
it's not necessarily hydrating
the serum itself is very hydrating
applying moisturizer after it soaks in
gives such a hydrating beautiful glow
the texture is gel like
it hydrates in a soft way
this serum is so hydrating
acne prone skin would not react particularly well with a serum that is desinged to "hydrate"
this serum is very moisturizing
i like that this lightweight gel lotion has re-hydrated my skin
it does its job in moisturizing
moisturizing and absorbs quickly into the skin.
the moisturizing function is perfect for combination young skin in the fall
hydrating is absolutely like what it said
really excellent facial moisturizer.
this really hydrates the skin
this really is a very lightweight cream that provides serious hydration
i also always team it with the replenishing gel cream
this serum is very smoothing like a primer
instantly moisturizes my skin
i really like that it really hydrates
very moisturizing without any oil slick
this moisturizer is so light yet at the same time is deeply hydrating
hydrating enough to give me a radiant glowing skin
i didn't find it that moisturizing or hydrating
lancer's glycolic cream is amazing.
moisturizing but not greasy.
it's very rich and moisturizing.
very moisturizing as well.
that wasn't quite hydrating enough for me
the gel instantly hydrates
it doesn't seem to moisturize very deeply
the ceramides keep my skin moisturized
this gel cream moisturizes without being too heavy
moisturizers have a delicate balance for me.
it's very cooling on the skin
it's more moisturizing which i love
it hydrates enough to where my skin isn't dry
i find that this cream hydrates deeply
the serum does not seem to be hydrating enough for me
it is very moisturizing yet does not leave residue
use the sephora collection moisturizing cream
use the sephora collection moisturizing cream
not oily or greasy like other hydrating masks/products have done for me
went in sephora a sample to try this hydrating mask
it really is one of the most hydrating masks i have used
it was nice and hydrating.
this mask is very cooling and hydrating.
i did exfoliate before
i did exfoliate before using this
i like how it moisturizes
it actually moisturizes all day
how moisturizing it is
this moisturizer is surprisingly hydrating while being light
it is very hydrating
this has excellent hydrating quality without clogging my pores
i do use porefessional after moisturizing
moisturizing to layer over my drying acne or retinol products
definitely does its job moisturizing your skin
however i exfoliate my face well
it's so perfectly moisturizing
it works amazing at hydrating my skin
finally moisturize with this at night
but this moisturizer is creamy and so gentle.
it is very fresh, lightweight yet nourishing.
it wasn't moisturizing enough for my dry cheeks
it's actually very moisturizing
it is lightly hydrating
bobbi brown hydrating eye cream
does a very good job of hydrating without feeling greasy
i is also very nourishing for dry areas
moisturizes my skin perfectly
my past experience with moisturizers/oils usually leaves me hydrated
i love using oil for oily skin because it does a great job rehydrating
it does a great job moisturizing my face
still moisturizes so well
they are loving the results of this nourishing oil
it's very hydrating without feeling heavy at all.
it's moisturizing enough but not too greasy.
it both hydrates your skin while keeping sebum
the jojoba oil moisturizes
cover with my favourite hydrating cream
this has been the best combo for my skin for moisturizing
it moisturizes and nourishes the skin.
it hydrates my skin so well
this oil is very hydrating and healing.
the oil is moisturizing
this oil does a very good job hydrating my skin
the phoenix oil is the most hydrating of the three herbivore oils
they are so moisturizing
balances out my oils and really hydrates my skin!
it deeply moisturizes my skin all day
the product really moisturizes while adding a glow
mildly exfoliate the skin
don't expect a gritty exfoliation
it is a great at exfoliating
exfoliates all in one punch
exfoliating cleanser the next morning
gently exfoliates my skin
this is a really good exfoliating mask.
additionally the formula has acids in it that exfoliate even more
i feel like when i use this product it really exfoliates
this is a staple exfoliating mask for me.
gentle exfoliation really evens my skin out
i will take gentle and hydrating any day.
something about the exfoliation of this product is perfect for my sensitive dry skin
you will not feel physical exfoliation
plus, it's super moisturizing and light weight!
i like how this is lightweight, yet hydrating.
i do appreciate how hydrating it is
one of the most hydrating eye creams i've ever used
moisturizing and doesn't cake concealer.
this is the most hydrating
so it was not as hydrating as it seemed.
moisturizing for the eye area
mpressed with how well it hydrates
hydrating for the eye area
i just love how it moisturizes
it hydrates and is for all skin types.
it's very soothing and moisturizing.
basically just super hydrating
it hydrates so well
the only eye cream i have used that hydrates my dry patches
really moisturizes my undereye area
it's moisturizing but not too greasy.
the texture is creamy enough to hydrate
it's hydrating without being greasy.
it's a very hydrating eye cream
it's not the best moisturizing eye cream
moisturizing enough that my eye area doesn't feel tight
i look for a natural product that provides moisturization
it helps moisturize the skin around my eyes
it is very hydrating
when it comes to finding an eye cream that works to hydrate
this lightly scented moisturizer soothes my dry skin without leaving it looking or feeling greasy
i think both products are rather moisturizing
it's actually quite hydrating for a vitamin c serum- most typically make my face dry
not just hydrating it in the short term
especially some gel moisturizers from clinique
at first i was hesitant because gel moisturizers usually aren't moisturizing enough for my dry skin
this one is sooooo moisturizing
a refreshing cream for my dry and sensitive skin.
it hydrates my skin nicely
not hydrating enough to use at night
my skin felt nice and definitely moisturizing.
is hydrating if you lather a ton on
i like the gel texture
moisturizing to use as lifting serum for wrinkle reducer device
it has the texture of shaving cream
i wouldn't say it hydrates at all
i wouldn't say it's moisturizing
i like to apply it after a gentle exfoliating mask
it doesn't moisturize my skin
exfoliate before using this
it is very hydrating
moisturizing without any residue
zitty skin loves their moisturizers
this balm is hydrating
hydrates my eye area
this cream is not as hydrating
it's not greasy, yet seems to moisturize well.
it's moisturizing enough to wear overnight
though: just make sure to exfoliate with a gentle exfoliator
make sure to always moisturize!
the serum is moisturizing
it's a great face exfoliating cleanser too.
it exfoliates your skin
the murad exfoliating beads are tiny
follow with a moisturizing serum
this exfoliating cleanser is gentle enough for every day
it is creamy with very small exfoliating beads/grains in it
moisturizing yet lightly exfoliating with the aid of jojoba beads
i love this exfoliating cleanser.
it's exfoliating without the irritation.
i love the gentle exfoliation properties
this is the holy frail of exfoliating cleansers for me
though i have tried hydrating my skin with different moisturizers
exfoliating as well as it should have been
but it's such a gentle exfoliant!
dab some astringent on the spot before moisturizing
i like this for the exfoliation
exfoliates at the same time
i followed with a rich hydrating cream.
the exfoliation part isn't harsh
exfoliates without irratating my skin
right when i wake up before moisturizing
i can feel the exfoliation
good exfoliator in general.
it is a great exfoliating combo
gently exfoliates and not drying
the exfoliation is so gentle
i find this to be exfoliating
the exfoliation is very light
just using the murad acne gel exfoliator
this is the perfect exfoliating face wash.
the exfoliating beads are so small
polishing beads aha/bha exfoliating cleanser helps keep my stress acne away
so nourishing for your facial skin
i also like that i feel like i'm moisturizing
this is hydrating and refreshing even in winter!
can get some physical exfoliation as well
it really hydrates my skin
then use the first aid beauty hydrating lotion which i recommend
along with the exfoliating acne gel
the skin perfecting lotion
it can be drying if you don't moisturize
i always moisturize after washing my face
that can be fixed with a hydrating moisturizer
only thing that i can not stress enough is use a good hydrating moisturizer
additionally i use the murad exfoliating cleanser
in murad's healthy skin facials
moisturizes without being too heavy
it doubles as a hydrating mask
you can use it as a hydrating mask
blue moon provides gentle exfoliation
the essential oils feel so amazing on the skin
refines it while being very hydrating
it's also pretty hydrating which i really need
very very gentle exfoliation
it is also surprisingly hydrating
it even has an exfoliating aspect as you massage it in
great hydrating serum at a good price point.
plus it's pretty fun massaging this in until the exfoliating particles completely dissolve
finally into a soothing/moisturizing oil
while also gently exfoliating
the sugar in it gently exfoliates
it is so hydrating
another feature that i love is that the balm doubles as a hydrating mask
it has a little bit of a granule like texture that helps with exfoliation
this also doubles as a great hydrating mask.
the sugars gently exfoliate
it is very hydrating
a clean hydrating skin cleanser that also removes make-up
it hydrates my skin
it goes on very light, not oily and moisturizes.
super light-weight but it's very moisturizing.
smoothing my fine lines and moisturizing.
this is a exceptonally pampering day moisturizer.
been using for a week- it's hydrating
this creamy cleanser is gentle on my rosacea
i love how the sponge help lightly exfoliate without irrigation
planes are very hydrating
this product is very hydrating
so moisturizing and gentle on your skin.
most impressive part of this product is that it is very moisturizing
however it is so moisturizing
this cleanser is super moisturizing.
this mask is really effective in moisturizing my skin
the texture is a light gel
provides excellent hydration with no oily residue
was pleasantly surprised by how hydrating this was
this is a great overnight product that is light gel mask that actually hydrates your skin
am generally wary of hydrating products
even though it was so moisturizing
it is moisturizing without being greasy
it feels like a very hydrating moisturizer
i love it for many reasons: first that it is ultra-hydrating
