since i have been using it my skin looks 10 years younger
bought more erno laszio skin care
my skin feels firm
bought it during the vib sale
recommended for all ages
nothing i have tried has worked.
boy was i wrong
even my husband notices too!
a rep suggested i try this
i got this on a recommendation from my wedding stylist
this has done wonders
so i went in and purchased the cream.
i am converted to tatcha from ren that i have since 2011
i recently had a flair up of eczema on my neck.
i literally checked my receipt to make sure i hadn't accidentally bought it
i received this in my ritual discovery kit
have already bought more of this
as i have had acne since i was in 3rd grade
in the past i have used drunk elephant
after one use i'm sold
this saved my skin
my skin feels so firm after
my sister gave this to me for my birthday
this product worked wonders for me
i received this item initially from my mom.
it feels like a little facelift at home
i never bought into the hype over glamglow products
i like it enough that i've repurchased it several times
this product claims to firm
my friend got this in her play box
i love this mask already
because i had a gift card
my man always jokingly calls me sailor moon as i walk around the house with this on my head
i could feel my skin became more firm
firm after just one use
before a big job interview or a wedding
bought one for herself
i received this as a birthday present from a friend
have loved this product from the start
i originally purchased this product while on accutane in hopes it would sooth my bright red
my surgeon was amazing at the other things she did surgically
then had forgotten about it
loyal buyer for life!
i've looked for a product like this for years!
have repurchased many times
it worked like a charm
recently got pregnant had to switch everything to just hydration purposes
ever since i got pregnant my skin went kinda crazy
i instantly became obsessed.
i recently started taking accutane
this seriously saved my life
i started getting adult acne
i successfully added this
it has worked all year round
this one converted me
tried this on a whim
it changed my life.
it was so bad that originally my dermatologist thought it was eczema
an employee who had the same issue as me told me to try this
thank you first aid beauty
this is the first moisturizer in my years that i've found
i started using this and it worked wonders.
i've repurchased this a few times
it has seriously changed the way my foundation
that i've had all my life no body wash was working with it
this was actually sold to me as a cleaner for my beauty blender
i decided to go "old school"
i received this bar as a gift set of fab products
when the sample worked over night i knew i had to buy it
like i haven't seen since before having kids in my mid-twenties
first day i used it got a comment from a complete stranger who assumed i am 21 years old- that's 20 years younger than my actual age
what is my secret
as i get older
so when this was offered
my 20 year old daughter came by
learned about this eye cream during a sephora class
pep-start has been an amazing starter product
my boyfriend everyday use for a month
i wish i had taken before and after photos.
i am a dental student
i've had dark circles under my eyes since childhood
it has been a life saver
i work at a busy tax office
plus my fiancé loves it as well!
my list of day eye cream was growing as i got older
great for that girl on the go!
i got the eye cream originally as a freebie in a mystery bag
am being told i look younger
i am a 30 year old mom
this has helped a lot
it does help with tired over worked
gives a slept in appearance
plus my former day cream for eyes was very expensive
this is a keeper for me.
purchased the face cream
tatcha has changed my life
i've struggled with chronic dark circles since i was seven years old
my best friend swears by it
the sephora rep suggested this murad product
mine lasted me 4 to 5 months.
51 years old woman with mature skin would like to look younger
since my dermatologist told me that
this product was recommended by the sales lady at sephora
i spoke to an esthetician who said it was probably not the murad
my daughter also uses their acne line
i recently switched to this moisterizer
now bought the night cream
i anoe hooked on this product.
she recommended this one
have bought more murad products since then
in that starter kit
apparently is doing as indicated
i am a 60-something female that has been defiled by sun
i recently switched to the age reform regimen because my skin was very dry
shoutout to eugenia at the west town mall sephora for convincing me to take the plunge
another one i wish i'd found 10 years ago.
have transformed my skin like never before
only sort of worked on the dark circles
my under eye area looks 5 years younger
the one eye the sales girl put this product on was immediately de-puffed
it was recommended by a staffer
my one eye looked literally 10 years younger
i've worked at sephora for almost 10 years
left my skin feeling firm
this was recommended to me in store
i work long shifts in a hospital
if i was a rich girl i would get this for my aunt
i wore this under makeup
i redeemed my points for this mask
because i just lost 5 lbs
for the most part disappeared
this product worked miracles for me
i received a gift card
one night i had a lot to drink with friends
at 42 years old i expected to look like the crypt keeper the following morning
genetics from my dad
makes me look 10 years younger!
have previously been tough on my skin by tanning
then a co-worker asked me if i had had botox
've recently received the same size of this
i told her i have tried the br
then i told her my age
beauty insider gift so i turned in my points.
i tried it in the store
wondered who it was in the mirror
i am 30 years old
this worked on my skin after a couple uses
concerns i was told vissionaire was perfect for me
i also use the night cream and boy does it works.
i am 72 years old
was having dinner with my 46 year old daughter
she told an she loved it
then i went to a sephora store where she recommended this product
i finally purchased this day cream
have never found relief
i just ordered this cream
plus it looks like it's taken years off my age!
i've worked for many cosmetics companies over the years
mind you i'm 26 years old and i smile a lot.
i would have never dreamed of paying this much for a moisturizer
it actually worked for me
it worked so well i had to leave a review
deff buying my mother who is 62 years old.
like i was originally
with dedication by using as directed
it worked just fine
i returned it and bought this.
purchased this when it was new
it was recommended by someone who has had acne their entire lives
my skin has done a 360
she also gave me a cleanser
even my sister said to me
bought the last bottle
i just purchased her other 2 masks
when the vib sale arrived
after seeing a bb pro artist post about the new masks on instagram
as soon as i was pregnant, my skin changed.
i never had the pregnant "glow" that everyone talks about
my sister in law noted that my face is as soft as her toddler's skin
i got this product as a gift.
picky sister to using this product
nothing ever worked for my combo skin
has transformed my face
my dad even noticed a differencein my skin!!
has helped my skin
the beautician pointed me towards this
for my 40 year old skin
i wanted a product that helped with my combo skin
recently i've been under a-lot of stress
worked miracles on my skin.
this product was recommended to me by someone in the store
my husband also loves this product.
i wish i'd discovered this sooner!
after using it for a week my face had a allergic reaction
i am a consultant for a sijcp
last december i splurged on a clarisonic
so about 4 months religiously
wish i discovered this sooner
i talked to a lady that worked at sephora
even my husband loves it!
i got this based on a recommendation rep from kate's company
i noticed one of the ladies working there
(combination skin) and she told me she uses this.
she approved of this face wash
with that being said
my daughter came home from college
this cleaner performed exactly as advertised
which is what i had asked for
my acne is near gone.
i've always been a drug store face wash person
it has been amazing since
i excitedly bought the trial size
she steered me to this cleanser
i am hoping this will give me the girl i have been searching for
recently my store has replaced that cleanser with this one
recently been dealing with breakouts which i've never had
i am sold on this one
i actually bought this in a 1
it was going to be for my boyfriend
hormonal acne for since having my daughter almost 2 years ago
finally i was referred to this skin product
it has changed my skin
now my has almost disappeared
i went in store to purchase a cleaner.
rep sold me on this product.
your eyes look 10+ years younger
with a new baby at home
no experience of it 'pilling' as reported by others
my skin is in the the 40year old range
my co-worker commented on how "glowy" i looked
i researched this, and finally made the purchase.
nothing has ever worked for me
my fiancé uses it regularly and loves it as well.
thank you sephora for carrying this
will be repurchasing when mine runs out!
i am in my mid forties
i personally have never had acne
i believe i was neglecting it
quickly bought the face
is a dream under makeup
i just bought new face cream
was worried based on the name "face
i am 21 years old with combo skin
night as the directions suggested
now i found it
seriously, overnight his skin was like mine.
this has been a life saver
this has done wonders
i recommended this to all my friends.
i only bought it with an interest of moisture
then surveyed the results in the morning
it worked either way
ordered it after all
'm no stranger to masks
my skin has been behaving lately
as if i were already wearing makeup
smelled strongly of honey which i personally liked
which is never an issue with skin like mine
this product worked like a dream
a heard a lot of people tried it
because i've been missing out
with that being said
i just ordered a bottle of it
the sephora experts told me it was probably dead skin
this worked like a charm
yes i accidentally ate some
when i was browsing sephora i noticed this one
this product was recommended by the sales associates at my local sephora
worked at a restaurant full-time---i would breakout a lot
i switched to this cleanser after sephora stopped selling the one i loved from murad
saw i had purchased the wrong stuff
my dermotologist warned me about that.
i am in my mid-forties
i discovered it 5 or 6 years ago
i recently left mine at a relative's house while visiting
love that i found it at sephora
purchased for my mother
i've had problem skin for years
a sephora rep told me about murad
it has changed my life
this mask has been my best friend ever since receiving it in my playbox recently
the oil is gone
a friend of mine had it
this was life changing
which has recently been inflamed
subscription after eyeing it for months every time i'm online/in store
the scent is acquired definitely
so when this came in the play box i had already told a friend she could have it
received this in my playbox.
gents because this has saved my skin
my boyfriend bought this for me for v-day
the consultant made this suggestion.
an employee recommended this one to me
i just bought this yesterday
woke up looking 10 years younger
saved it if i would have realized the price
had started to have some doubts about it
(i already bought a backup!}
this may be on my birthday list.
or has performed above
initially had some dryness
my sister went out
have repurchased a few times
it has worked wonders for my make up
before my mom purchased this for me
she swears by it
this is the only thing that has worked for me.
asked what i was using
boy was i wrong
before using this product i was struggling with adult acne
this truly saved my face
nothing worked more then this product
this stuff has saved my skin!
this has rescued my skin
being in the older generation i have tried tons of products
has worked wonders to even out my skin tone
this has been a miracle product
it has been working wonders
hero salve saved me!!
finally discovered this milk hero salve
ever since i started wearing it
i got the milk makeup triple threat glow gift from a friend
true miracle worker due to allergies
is that my mom used it out of curiosity
this is the only one that has worked
i love the milk products i've already tried
have one in my purse
traveling which it is
i've heard a lot about milk makeup
my friend had this
bought this product a week ago
this product has been a life saver
i received this as a gift
now that i have it i'm obsessed
it exceeded my expectations!
my skin has changed
is geared towards the younger crowd
it has transformed my skin
i got this as a gift
after learning what is was
amazing for traveling/airplanes.
it worked so well
made my dad try it
i nearly died of happiness when it was given to me as a gift to celebrate my graduation
also tell my friends
she said she applied it all over her face
she loves the application
i keep mine in my refrigerator
i am forever sold on this product
and then i met this baby.
after one week of purchasing this cream
wish that it fought acne
switched back to my old cleanser
bought this a month ago
and happened upon sephora in a mall.
this is a miracle worker
this product was recommended to me by a sales person at sephora
this product was what saved me
have never found anything that actually worked for my skin before
i've purchased this 3 times now.
it works exactly as described.
original skin mask i knew i was hooked
i am 50yrs old
so glad i caved in and bought this product.
so i had to share!
first, let me say origins saved my skin.
this product lives up to its name and brand.
it has permanently changed my skin care
i would definitely recommend this to a friend
have suggested it to all my friends
this has not been my experience
this is the first cleanser i have bought outside of department store br
cleanses without leaving my skin died out
bought the super size online: no regrets
i love this product i been through three bottles.
i realized that my previous cleanser
feeling like a newborn baby bottom
i originally bought this in a set to try out
the line has been discontinued in sephora us
this cleanser changed my life
it was the only thing i have changed in my skin regimen
i am a 16 year old model
however i have repurchased this product 3 times!!
my acne completely disappeared
tarte has his the jackpot with this
that has completely changed since i ordered this on a whim
my acne has nearly disappeared
i would recommend this to friends
i got the two products as a gift
the girl at the bareminerals counter mentioned this can be used as a mask
my skin has been transformed!
was recommended to buy this
my friend's sister worked for bare minerals
i've recently recommended this product to my mother
i would recommend it to my friends
this has transformed my skin!
i decided to buy it
then charge a fortune for
this worked wonders on my cracked skin after a trip to canada
i never had to replace my moisturizer in my 10 hour day
knew it was my moisturizer
my friend bought this moisturizer
have been using clarins religiously for months
this oil was given to my mum as a sample
i am 28-years-old
purchased it during the spring sale
ma passed away recently
i touched my skin
night has reformed me
what more could a girl want?
i am 39 years old
i also suffered slightly from melasma after being pregnant twice
this oil is sent from heaven.
to the point it feels like i'm an alligator
this beats everything i've purchased in the past
wish it came by the gallon.
why i looked younger
my skin has been loving it
this has been giving it to me
i just recently purchased this product in hopes to find something for my face
i tested it in store
this is one of the skin care products i've ever repeatedly purchased
this has saved my skin.
i found this while browsing on sephora online
was persuaded by good reviews
this oil became my must have.
patted the oil in i sat next to the hubby
worked wonders on helping me deal with the rosacea on my cheeks
mother in law to be
my face has been breaking out lately
clarins is my mom secret to age defying looks.
cream when the discontinued it
released the two new versions
the girl at my sephora talked me into it
until i found this product
i found this product
this has worked wonders
have been obsessed ever since
she was talking about this
i recently purchased purchased this.
bought this because every youtuber rants
have bought 2 times now
got it as a 100pt perk recently and loved it!
since i haven't shopped for 100 points in a long time
it really is like i drank a gallon of water.
this has been a game changer
please ignore my old email nickname
it was always sold out in stores
this moisturizer has really saved me this winter
this recently underwent a name change.
this has been a life saver for me.
boy was i wrong!
after researching a bit i figured that either
i tried this little sweetheart
it has helped with bags and dark circles.
it is the only thing that has ever worked for me on bags
i actually was a bit of a skeptic about this product
thought i'd see what my friend was raving about
after having my son last year
i must've got a faulty bottle
which was recommended to me in store
originally bought for my mom
decided to fight fire with fire
it works as promised
im already hooked on it
this oil was recommended to me by a salesperson in the beauty department
it hasn't been an issue
a rep at my local sephora turned me on to this product
i am 13 weeks pregnant
i decided to purchase this
i am a 100% fresh fan girl
power radical cream to try about a month ago
i am giving this cream 4 stars because i would recommend to a friend
i would recommend this to friends.
i took a plunge financially
since that was discontinued
my skii consultant recommended me to the rna line
helped keep my foundation
my face feels firm
it has shattered my doubts
as a professional licensed makeup artist
i am 37 years old
wanted to know what my secret was
my dark circles disappeared!
i am 21 years old
that i was born with
you have 30 pairs for 75 dollars
they recently changed their pump design.
one of the girls recommended this product
it has taken me years
i knew it was time to buy an eye cream
this product has been a life saver.
i got this as a gift
it has been life-changing for my skin
i recently purchased this mask and oh my!!!
bought this mask--maybe 5 months ago--
my face also looked plumped
my daughter loved it so much she bought one as well
you have found it
because nude has recently joined forces with another excellent beauty company
i've fallen in love with this br
i figured it was lightweight
i wish this was recommended to me first!
i both bought a bottle
i just purchased this product for the 1st time
if it hadn't been for the recommendations of others
glam life guru tati for recommending this product
for me this product was a splurge
because in my humble opinion?
my boyfriend commented that immediately after applying
this is my 3rd time repurchasing.
i received this product in a "sephora's favorites" gift set from a friend
my friend noticed the difference immediately
i recently started focusing on
recently traveled to el paso
even my husband loves this bar!
have been dealing with acne since i was a freshmen in high school
bought it because it was on sale
i received this in the estee holiday kit
i received this as a gift
i became obsessed with this product after one use
i received this product as a gift from my box box
i wore this under my makeup
i recently received this product for testing
i also loved the hydration this product gave my face
i wish i had received the bronze out of curiosity
tried some of mine with amazing results
it worked very well
ever since i accepted that i moved to the desert
where has this product been all my life...
it can be wore under makeup
i like to use this with my too faced born this way foundation
initially when i received this product i was scepticle
i like to use this with my too faced born this way foundation
i received this product from influenster
boy was i wrong.
plus it gave me such a great dewy glow my parents asked if i was pregnant
i received this product through influenster
my opinion is 100% mine
i recently received this product to test from influenster voxbox
i received this product from influenster
i received this product through influenster
my friends were asking me about my skin recently.
i originally bought this for the face
i received this in a gift set.
can be slept in
lwow i look 10 years younger
it will be my go to gift for friends & family!
bought this because i saw a video of it from grav3yard girl
just recently bought this
i wore this as a base under my foundation
it works,no regrets!!!
a friend of mine who works at sephora surprised me with a sample of this
4 days ago i was looking at all the newness my sephora store had to offer
i happened upon this little gold mine
have spent more money than i care to admit as a self-proclaimed makeup
i mulled it over for awhile
boy was i wrong.
i just bought this 5 days ago and it works.
my dark circles are genetically inherited
1oz faithfully twice a day for 1 week
i've flirted with so many eye creams over the years
after talking to an employee who really recommended it
this worked wonders for it
i recently ran out
the lady recommended this
i am an almost-30 yr old woman
after consulting with my regular skin care expert at sephora
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i recently moved from fl to a much dryer co.
this moisturizer has changed my whole life
i've repurchased it like 6 times?
this has been my life saver
this product has seriously saved my skin during this cold
until i found this miracle in a jar
bought this to try instead
not overwhelming like old lady perfume.
my mom uses it
my sister uses this
lives up to its claims
it worked so well
that i had to buy it
it worked well with my primer
unfortunately my previous favorite moisturizer by kate somerville has been discontinued by sephora
give drunk elephant a chance
i stocked up on this during the holiday sales
i recently discovered that adding de marula oil to the mix makes all the difference
it has transformed the skin on my face
just repurchased a new bottle
the gel was at the recommendation of a sephora associate
i got this in a de kit months ago
so did my husband.
it was the first product that i used from drunk elephant
after the birth of my son hormones hit me hard.
recently i really looked in to this
waited until sephora had a sale
this was my foray into the de products.
from one northerner to another
smooth since i was a baby
after trying drunk elephant i regret waiting so long
acne prone skin since my teen years
i slept in this
no selling in china
i wish i would have discovered drunk elephant years ago
i love that it leaves my skin firm
has changed my skin
i got it after a sephora associate recommended it
recently i wanted to test out some new products
the sephora associate recommended recommended many product that i sampled in store
use it's sister moisturizer that has an spf in it in the spring/summer
just purchased this yesterday
i buy this for my daughter
the girls at sephora recommended this
i never used the "old" formula
i loved the old formula
this has been a life saver
i saw someone said this smelled like cucumbers?
it looks like i've slept!!!
i personally found that it works instantly.
i recently had a sephora guy dab this under my eyes
it is a treatment to firm eyes.
none of them have worked, except for this!
bessstttt money i ever spent
feel i've found my regiment for now
i've never been to a plastic surgeon for my face
when i was a young man
i've had tons of people tell me my skin is glowing
it hasnt been the massive miracle that it apparently has been for some people
my family has commented that my skin has been glowing since i've started using this product
have purchased one for my mom as well
this isn't a miracle worker
the associate pointed it out to me
boy she was right
maybe they changed the formula from those old reviews
i recently moved to a much cooler
someone at sephora recommended this to me
i said i wanted a bottle of facelift
i told all my friends about it
once the acne was gone
smells less like granny perfume than it seemed like originally
redness has been abolished
red patches have disappeared since using it
i tried it and loved it!!
some people have complained about the fragrance
went through a weird period this year where i was experiencing adult acne for 6-8 months
have spent time in a lot of places where spices are cultivated
on a whim i decided to try it
i first bought this product in june
my husband said my skin is glowing.
this was recommended to us by a sales associate for my daughter's rosacea
this serum is the only thing that has ever worked for her
prayed to the beauty gods that the full size would be worth it
if this gets discontinued i'll cry.
has never irritated me
for people complaining about the smell
the powerful anti oxidating properties have been revered dating back to time of man?
i've recently switched to all cruelty free beauty
this gets the gold trophy
i ordered this online
when i opened the box i though a genie was going to come out
i would never have spent this much on a face cleanser except that a friend pawned it off on me
i repeatedly purchased it.
it was recommended by a sephora employee
ive been using this face wash for a few months now after an old manuka honey one ran out
this item was recommended by a friend
to a friend with normal/combo skin
bought this because kathleenlights said to use with luna 2
bought this because kathleenlights on youtube recommended it
worked wonders for my skin!
a sales associate recommended this wash to me after i told her i wanted to restock on my glamglow face wash
bought this for my husb
i signed in just
this is the 3rd time i have purchased pepstart eye cream
sephora associate recommended this for me
everyone asks me my secret since i've used this serum
one day when i'm old
as i am getting older
as a lifelong skeptic of expensive
i balked at the price initially
i discovered water creams earlier this year.
is officially my new staple.
have been searching for the perfect daily moisturizer since college
anything with "moisture" was not my friend leaving me to use serums
my skin has been reborn!!!
have been using belif aqua bomb
vanished thanks to this cream
i told her this little jar from sephora
it worked amazingly under make up.
since i hadn't broken out
that's coming from someone who has sworn by la mer for years
i immediately loved the smell.
s over the years
i just bought this yesterday
a sephora floor associate helped me pick this out
i would recommend to a friend
nothing has ever worked on it
i am 21 years old
this is the only product that has worked for me since acutane
i never did as a teenager
i recently stopped in
suffers bad case of adult acne
after doing consulted with sephora skin care specialist
this has been a game changer
my skin has been acting up lately
i want the old packaging back
i look younger already
made me into a lifetime customer of the br
i tested out a bunch of foundations on my face in the mall
jart micro water over the son
i wore it under makeup no problem.
i started using this on whim
it worked very well
a sephora rep recommended this to me
have been saved since
was recommended this by a sephora rep
had become bored with the results
ever since i've been using my skin has been flawless
one of the girls in the store tested this on my h
i've even gotten my boyfriend to start wearing it
have fallen in love with it
it worked wonders for my skin
it has saved my face this winter
the associate at sephora told me it would reduce the redness on my skin
was sad when i learned they reformulated the formula
i am sold on this for life
i once bought the eye cream
that said, it works.
had to buy it from saks
it has officially been a week since i have started using this product
this has vanished my dark circles with 2 weeks of use
i took the advise of a sephora advisor
i started using it 3 weeks ago and i am sold.
my skin has started to make that transition to old
since receiving this product
i wanted to get it immediately as i'm an instant gratification kind of girl
i held out for the vib sale
before i accepted sk-ii's offer
as i have hit 40, my skin has changed.
i amended my last post
i am a buzz agent
you've earned a new customer!
i am recommending this to all my friends.
as someone who suffered from acne as a teen
into young adulthood i would have never considered using oil on my face
i would like to thank bzz agent
my face drank it up like it was dying of thirst.
have never been a fan of oils
bought this about a week ago
this has helped a lot
thanks to a recommendation from a sephora team member
this has saved my skin.
this has been a life saver
this saved my jetlagged skin!
very recently purchased this
co-workers stating i look younger
i knew i had to have it
while vacationing at the beach
i am so glad i splurged and purchased this.
this product was recommended to me as i was coming off an ill-planned sunburn
i soon discovered that it worked
the associate at sephora told me some people store it in their refrigerator
in 5 minutes it's like my eyes drank coffee
the lady at sephora helped me find this
i received this in a 500 point perk gift
i received this in a 500 point kit and loved it.
this came highly recommended by the instore sales associates
definitely helps with my 42 year old undereye bags
this is a great eye product to keep in a handbag.
once i smelled it
this product was a lifesaver!
worked the first time i applied it, no joke.
tired looking skin for a 20 year old
i think i tried the bodyshop
since skin cancer runs rampant in my family
i just wish i knew about this at an earlier age
gifted this to my mom
i went and bought a ton of there stuff.
i recently began training for a marathon
i wore more perfume
bought this initially for the occasional bacne
never has a soap actually helped reduce my kp
long story short: it worked.
herbivore has changed the game for me
bought this on a whim
i've tried every pre-boxed regimen offered.
my teenager has been using it
i discovered algenist by chance
this product has worked so well it easily became one of my favourite skin care products
my 14 year old ❤️s this.
i recently worked a convention under harsh lights for long hours
ncredible i had to buy it
this has been godsend
people guess my age as 10 years younger than i am
an avid researcher when it comes to anything that goes on or in my body
it immediately felt plumped
which initially sounded so convenient
by far my favorite discovery of 2016.
it's an age defender
i recently purchased this
i wore a hat in my youth
the girl at sephora recommended this
while in the sephora store
have tried tons of products
his has undoubtedly been my favorite discovery of the past year
and then i was introduced to this product.
after being devoted to smashbox primer
i learned about this product watching sephorasnaps
i finally purchased it!
i wore this under my makeup
i went to an outdoor sporting event
the salesman suggested this product to me
purchased this product as my new bestie on a flight
this product has helped a lot!
my mom recommended this product recently
its seriously changed my life
as an almost 30 yr old that still suffers from the occasional
what is this witchcraft??
it has changed my skin
or an old shoe
which i spent a small fortune on during my battle with acne
when i first found out i was pregnant
when i received the item
this mask was recommended to me by an associate at sephora
i ordered this mask on a whim
my friend let me borrow this product from her
after wearing makeup for 40+ years
bought after tati raved about it on the channel.
i also thought it was
i mixed it with my too faced born this way foundation
i work 12s as a nurse
ever since i started using this friends
this was something i had seen online
contemplated buying because of the price
i am only 24 years old
never purchased cause of the price
is it a miracle worker- no!
seeing as both my parents have had issues with their eyelids as they've aged
my mom is is almost 60
i love this for young women
my niece in her 20s loves it!!
there was a moisturizer i had years ago
drunk elephant is cruelty free
drunk elephant is the one
this product seriously changed my life!!!
i am approaching my forties
my skin drank it in
without the heaviness that was originally there
i never realized my skin was dull
as i have gotten older
this is the only one i've repurchased
firm in so long
've officially converted to this line
i've watched a few you tube videos where the creator educates/explains her line
i tried this from drunk elephants value pack
my boyfriend has also noticed a change in my skin after switching to de
the other women in my family are now hooked on this
since i've been pretty busy
no other moisturizer i've had has produced the amazing results drunk elephant has
this had exceeded my expectations
repurchased because i love it
it has been a lifesaver for my skin
i just purchased this with the babyfacial
it saved my skin through the winter months
it's taken me years of shopping in sephora
this has changed my life seriously!!
still with the old packaging
use the belief aqua bomb in the morning
this is my first product from drunk elephant
it appears de has repackaged so 5 stars from me
i started treating my face with drunk elephant products
have been loving this cream
i've had the old packaging
this one has been a st
after using this product my skin has been rejuvenated
the price per unit is a boogey man
then having spent all day at the dentist with some complications
as a staple in my collection
as that what was stated on the bottle
i tried panoxyl which worked for maybe a month
friendly young woman i've ever met in a sephora
i gave my sister the tub and she loved it.
kind of wish i had gotten the bronze color
my boyfriend always notices when i'm wearing this product
holy grail standards met!
i've worn it everyday since.
it worked wonders under my foundation
that worked excellently in my mid-late 20's
one of the sales staff referred me to perricone
the sales associate recommended this product to me because of concerns i conveyed to her
i've had acne since preteen years
i already repurchased it for when i run out
i just had a baby
my skin has been loving it
wish i had bought it sooner!
i wish i'd found this yrs ago.
my mom said i looked 10 years younger since using this oil
i got my mom hooked
none were working for me
my friend has used this for years
this has helped with my acne
i originally got it as a samole
have fallen in love
as a 33 year old woman
received this in a gift set
bought this to try something new
boy was i wrong
bottom line this cleanser has worked for me
products that deal with my disappointing middle aged acne
the salesperson recommended this
i noticed bamboo was in it
my teenage daughter and i love this!!
talked to this lovely consultant named roe who recommended this to me
once i realized it worked
i spent some beauty insider points
it''s played with well with my foundations
it worked well as a moisturizer.
i've searched for exfoliators that i can use at home
i work in television
i got this in my playbox and have been loving it.
i received this in my playbox
i'd have no problem using this on a weekend with my sister or at home
being a mom on the go
the tube's rollerball helps de-puff my underage area in the morning
bought another to keep on h
as does my boyfriend
after receiving one in my subscription box i was sold
use it generously at night
this has really saved my skin.
my fiancé noticed it
have fallen in love
then visited a sephora store to experience it
the best part has been with my 13 year old son who started to use this product after using a name br
eye cream since receiving it
firm since the first application
i realized that i hadn't noticed the smell
received this in my play box and i'm loving it.
it is a miracle worker
had i not of already been in the mall
i may never have tried/purchased this product
thank you sunglasses hut
i may be 55 years old
tatcha has changed my life
i love it and have now repurchased!
none of it has ever worked
never have i had a product that worked this well with my oily skin
this worked for me!
of course some have worked
lately i have been using it after i workout
i found it in this
i wish i had this years ago.
this product worked miracles.
i am 27 yrs old
i am already hooked
i actually purchased this via the tatcha website directly when it was diet launched
i finally bought it the other day
i recently became in love with charcoal products
it saved my skin
my adult son asked me what i was doing to my skin because i glowed
but boy was i wrong!!!
this has changed my mind
this has become a staple product for me.
well it worked well
other than give my family tons to chuckle at
i received this in my sephora playbox
i tried it once and loved it!!
this mask i've already repurchased
my husband ended using it to.
my niece wanted to try a the mask too
since it burned my eyes
my friend told me about the plantscription line after i voiced concerns about my face looking a little aged lately
this moisturizer has been a miracle worker so far
my friends complimented me within a couple of days of use
have already bought some for a fellow makeup fiend
where has it been all my life !
have already recommended it to my sisters.
wish i had known of this sooner
maybe i got a defective pump
no other product has ever worked like this for me
i am a teenager who has combination skin
i originally bought my first one through a korean beauty website
i recently got into k beauty
as stated in the title
from this spring vib sale
it sold out online
recently i've been breaking out from other cleansers
along side the son
love using this glad i was introduced to this product
my face has been glowing ever since i've been using this
i just purchased this
who introduced me to this
initially purchased about 2 months ago
i recently got acne problems
it has reformed my skin
my original purchase was made through sokoglam
my 50 year old skin is loving it
so an associate at my sephora told me to try this
bought this on a whim because the winter months have taken a time on my skins moisture levels
when i recently bought this mask
i already am planning to buy another jar
this product lived up to
i am 50 years old
as directed on the bottle
my fiance uses this with me
i got it originally as a 100 point reward
now i am hooked!
have been buying ever since
clinic have very good products
i got this as a birthday gift from sephora
received this as part of the birthday gift
i decided to buy it
cause he always was using mine
the consultant i spoke with in the store told me it was actually created by two wives
she got it for me as a birthday gift
i tried it with the booster
this particular product has literally saved my skin
using less worked out perfectly
bought it at the same time
i got this oil after a cast member used this on me for a makeover
none worked as well as this one
omly picked this up from a friend who worked at sephora
i found the product
bought this on a recommendation from a staff member
it was completely different than what i'd originally ventured over to the skincare section to buy
not the ones who bought it
it felt more firm
used my old st
i've always been a fan of this family of products
i started using energie de vie last year
my skin has never been happier
i've not bought lancome in years
i would buy as a gift for special friends.
it worked well under my foundation or on days when i wasn't wearing makeup
tried this product after a co-worked recommended it
box as well and have already re-purchased.
received this in my playbox
tried this at the sephora store
the last think i thought she would recommend was a moisturizer
i went into a sephora store recently
i found this at my jcpenney sephora
although not a miracle worker
i work in a hospital
i've repurchased this twice now
subsequently would cause breakouts
this has became part of my staple morning routine
this was recommend by a sephora employee
this was recommended by a sephora consultant
an employee told me she's been recommending this like crazy lately
found this by accident
bought my 2nd bottle today thanks for working!
have loved it since
a friend i haven't seen in awhile complimented me on my skin
even at my age
but it has been helping my skin!
i've already bought this 3 time because i am almost out
i tried this in store
my skin had been acting up since my trip to mexico
drunk elephant have both literally saved my skin
the only cleanser i've ever repurchased.
i recently had the worst breakout of my adult life
had been lucky in keeping it managed
it was a beauty reward this month
the hole deceased in size
my skin looks 10+ years younger
edly changed my skin
this product has been a lifesaver.
my family have seen a difference
this oil saved me.
i am 25 years old
this is the only thing that has worked
i saw a review of the ufo oil by someone who was having similar problems
i've just purchased the .5oz bottle.
the marula oil by drunk elephant have been a game changer for my skin
it has helped me with my scars left over from battling acne since i am a teenager
i've had acne issues for years
recently bought another bottle
mpressed i even bought the moisturizer they suggested using along with it
ive been recommending it to anyone who has expressed acne concerns to me
my friend told me about this
my skin has been loving this.
nothing worked like this oil
i even had an underground zit that was there for months
i tried tons of products
but boy, is this product a miracle worker!
as i've gotten older they have moved to my jawline
i tried this on a whim after hearing amazing things
this was suggested to me from one of the employees
after having a conversation with the sephora stylist yesterday
i am genetically challenged with that.
i heard about it through a beauty video
i couldn't believe i've been missing out
most of my texture had vanished
my current breakout disappeared
it would be great to use before special occasions like a wedding
that is my only complaint
he's two years old
i received this item with my gratis when working at sephora
it was my entire life
applied it upon returning home from my shopping trip
received this for my birthday from sephora
had to buy some for myself.
have loved the rose mask
just after 1 trial my friend
sales rep at sephora recommended this cream to me
s when the sales clerk
she introduced me to this br
so this product has me sold.
every time i wore this someone would compliment my skin
i love their upgraded pump bottles
even when i go without my new illuminating friend
i got a gift card from my job
i got it from my friend
none of them worked for me
also bartend at night
i've had dark circles since i was in preschool
i look like i've slept for 10 hours
a sales associate recommended this product to me
this mask was part of the sephora's favourites kit
was skeptic about spending the $$
just purchased the jar
grew to love it within a day
i resisted the urge to buy it
i do wish it were cheaper since i'm a graduate student
tried this out because i'm a fan of the original.
i received this in my playbox and love it!
nothing worked like this.
i received this in my playbox
it plumped my 36, going on 37-year old skin.
just bought this mask today
my sister tried it too.
someone was complaining about the scent
i've always been faithful to a routine
bought it the next day
i've got so many friends buying this after using mine
except for when i traveled to la
would have been a detractor
i am retired military
i am a fourteen year old girl who is in love with this
i reapplied it before bed
this product is a miracle worker!
she suggested this instead
none of them have ever worked until this
a friend recommended this to me
was recommended this product
a friend gave me this cleanser
since discovering cleansing milk my skin has changed so much
it's lost that young
i've lost count how many times i've repurchased this product
have been teaching 10-3 the past week
it was recommended to me in store
her skin also loved it
it has changed my skin
the sephora worker recommended i use this product
almost bought this based on the scent alone.
this has been heaven sent
it was suggested by a sephora employee in my area
this product has been a life saver for me.
this changed my life.
i am a poster child for adult skin problems.
my husband loved this as well when he tried it!
prior to discovering this one tatcha was my hg
i tried it at the store
i would have loved this 10 years ago when i had more me-time
i got this from my in-law who works at sephora
i just bought this the other day
was greeted by a woman demoing this mask
had her apply it to my face i am hooked
my teen daughter tried it
my 38 year old skin looks healthier
i caved in and splurged.
i am 51 years old
bought this because i saw a youtube review on a similar mask
i got this for my sister
have fallen in love
i gave it to my parents
he's never taken care of his skin
with the results with my parents
i shared it with my two sisters
❤ this mask is a trip
figured the magnet was just for show
having seen the videos
it saved my skin
i got this product because i've been struggling with adult acne forever
my skin was left plumped
most of all i'm not hiding from my boyfriend.
i am an at-home mask girl and hydrafacial girl.
my pores have disappeared.
my skin is younger
this cleanser has singlehandedly fixed my face.
i hit the jackpot with this cleanser
this has helped my skin.
purchased this cleanser due to the hype
bought this one to follow up
she saved my skin big time.
i recently went on a wild hunt for a new cleanser
the girl told me i would fall in love
then the youth to the people
knew i had to try it because the packaging says kale
i've previously been using the origins checks
i always bought my face wash from the drug store
i am also a 26 year old nursing student.
i almost never repurchase a product
even my husband is in love.
i've had more than one friend ask me what i've been doing with my skin
my combination skin has been left cleaned
with that being said
would definitely recommend this to a friend.
fyi: i am now 63 yrs old
i got this recently
this has leveled my ph
purchased this recently during the vib sale
the pump worked fine for me
i got it at a local juice store
i also love that this moisturizer is loaded with ha because i've been hitting the glycolics
is a family owned company that makes its products in california
i initially bought the trial size pack of the youth to the people face wash
ended loving both products
got it as a gift from my mother
asked an associate for a moisturizer that was lightweight
i recently discovered this br
with that being said
i immediately loved it
we dated for two years
our group of friends melded into one
she kept a toothbrush at mine
sweaters she got me
definitely would recommend to a friend who's in relationship problems
i originally bought to use as a nighttime cream
knew its ingredients were working
this serum has literally saved my life.
she already opened it
girl do i look fresh
my dad stopped assuming i was doing drugs after i started using this serum consistently cause my face has been looking healthy
have worked up to morning
since my tween years
my mom swears up
have bought every single redness product out there
as i'm sitting in my doctors office
i just recently bought this product
i tried this on a whim and i'm in love!
was recommended this by a sephora employee who had over 10 years working with makeup for japanese
i got with in my sephora birthday gift order
this is a product i have purchased over
i found that for me
while a couple of them have worked well
spent the money on something to work with my foundation
when i got pregnant
as i get older
plus i had skin cancer removed from my face 2 years ago
even went to the dermatologist
this was suggested to me
my sister was in the store with me
where has this product been all my life?
i wore it alone
bye bye foundation with no success
this has replaced my foundation forever.
it has changed my makeup life!
this product was recommended during a makeover at sephora
i told the associate that i struggled with redness
looking like i was ill
worked for mac back in the day
found ok products over the years
it has become my holy grail
i am an it girl
have lived with red cheeks since i was a teenager
as i am a walking ghost
just bought the confidence in a cream
this product has been a miracle for me.
all have worked well
i tired this at a store on a whim
i buy three jars at a time.
this was recommended by one of their employees
this surpassed my expectations!
this saved a lot of time!
i initially tried this about 6 months ago when it came in a box of it cosmetics items that i had purchased
i think i've tried newly every cleanser out there
had to for this product
i received my package today
bye bye foundation by it
i immediately loved it
have been battling with rbf
as someone who works at sephora
my 25th birthday is around the corner
i finally caved and bought it.
i work graveyard shift
the sales girl seemed to just want to get rid of me
pointed me to this product
i became like a new person!
and it worked the first time!
one of the employees told me to buy this
this one finally worked
my skin type is forty year old with three kids going through a divorce
i formerly received packets as part of a promotion
a genetic trait that i wish my dad hadn't passed along to me
as i've been getting older
i am in my mid-twenties
hadn't found one i loved until this eye cream
this is my personal testimony
it already has helped my undereyes
when it cosmetics came to sephora i was lucky enough to receive a jar of this gratis
which i have suffered from years
helped with crows feet
idk how i survived without this.
i tried it when i did a makeover in the store
i just repurchased another one because i ran out
have already recommended this to my friends
also love the name
i received this from the rewards bazaar.
my face drank this up
i should have known i would love this moisturizer from it as i've been loyal to their cc cream for the last 6 tubes
i wish i had this years ago!!
i just purchased two more for family members.
reportedly from its natural oils
i immediately loved it
this has worked so well for me
i may have found my fountain of youth!
(notice i said myyyy fountain of youth.
recently got hooked on it cosmetics
i am 24 years old.
restore" i already ordered another
this is a miracle in a jar
5 jars later .... still loving this product
have been using biorewind am exclusively
this cream has been a miracle worker for me.
i originally bought this because i had an eczema breakout on my face last winter
a sephora employee recommended this to me
does need to be worked into the skin
never experienced breakouts until my mid twenties
did my own research about him because i was curious after being attracted to his packaging
i am 32 years old and have combination skin.
only purchased after i became pregnant
this has been a life saver for me!
this was recommended to me at the store.
repurchased and will be ordering a back up!
this cream saved my skin.
thought i'd have to go to a dermatologist
a month ago in my second trimester of pregnancy
as mentioned in my title this cream has worked wonders for me
i initially bought this cream for the redness in my face
after 1 week it has helped to sooth
this has done wonders
when i was searching in store one of the staff told me the history behind tiger grass
i've recommended this to all my friends !
i chose this one
this product is a keeper!
i recently discover ceramine cream of this same br
i've worked at sephora for a year
way to old for that mess
i just purchased this cream this weekend
she recommended me this product
never had acne throughout my teenage years
i tried it under foundation
my friend couldn't believe i wasn't wearing foundation in the selfie i sent her
i recently purchased the calming balm from this line
this cream has saved my life.
makeup arsenal for years to come
after the amazing reps at sephora worked with me
bought it in the store
with that being said
with that being said
an employee recommended this to me due to my sometime breakouts
even my friends noticed
i would definitely recommend to a friend
i wore it without foundation to an outdoor exercise class
when i was pregnant
this was a life saver
it was recommended to me by a friend
she told me she uses it instead of foundation
i originally was using another product for color correction
my daughter told me my skin looks good since i've been wearing this
bought this during the vib sale.
tried this on a whim
my life has been changed.
the spots have vanished
i has bad acne for years
i made my 18 year old try it too
literally has saved my skin!
this product was recommended
i received this as a gift for my birthday
remembered i had this
i loved the way the product applied
am planning on buying this for my squad
received with reward points
i am hooked now
i originally tried this is the boscia bundle with this
i tried this on a whim as i sampled lipsticks
have never regretted my decision
i replied with wearing more makeup
once i saw how it removed my makeup i was sold
i even went to see a dermatologist
i just bought this product
s became 10 years younger
and while web surfing, found this one.
got it for my mom and she loved it.
my husband and i both use it.
i wore this to bed and loved the results.
i am 33 years old
my quest is over
now am 42 years old
i recently discovered this cream
i loved it so much i got one for my 61 year old mother who now swears by this
i am a former sephora employee
worked there 3 years then went to esthetics school
discovered this 4 months ago
it had been a life saver this winter.
the girl helping me has always recommended amazing products over the years
this year my old cream + oil combo just wasn't working
the consultant at sephora pointed me to this
using lxmi has calmed my skin
it was life a blessing in disguise
get dressed before applying foundation
after discovering this product i've also got a coworker
good girlfriend hooked on it
i went to the store after a girlfriend recommended the product-- was hesitant when other recommendations suggested that the product had a smell--
i received this as a gift
i've hooked my friends of other skin types
i ordered this product after researching
i received this as a gift
i received this product as a gift from my best friend
this product is a dream
a friend of mine told me about this product
i’m in my mid-twenties
a friend pointed me towards this company
perfect for dry underage area.
nothing worked on my skin
i am an avid runner
bought the melt right before my kitesurfing trip to barbados
when on an airplane
then my skin grew accustomed to it
this is the only thing that has worked!
even my 16 year old daughter noticed
a sephora associate grabbed a sample of this with my birthday gift
after 20+ years of searching i have finally found something that works
mine never caused issues past that
by my wedding day my eyes looked amazing
for this product i had to
this cream has changed my life!!
told the last what i'm concerns are
she recommended this product
i finally just purchased online on a whim
it lived up to the hype
one of my friends turned me on to thio plex
i am 34 years old
helped demolish my acne
this product has helped a lot
i knew i had been doing that
my skin has never been happier
the salesman suggested this one
this cleansing gel from belif is the first one i've found since my favorite one was discontinued a couple years ago
my skin has transformed
it was recommended to me in store.
i recently overhauled my entire skin care regime
has helped with my smile lines
constantly picked my face when i was younger
has changed my skin
one star nixed for the cost
but, i am officially in love!
it lives up to its name
wish they sold it in store
i received my purchase
i recently purchased an item at sephora
after speaking with a sales associate named
s that have never seen a manicure
definitely recommended to my friends and family!
my 6 month old son recently broke out in a rash on his body
i am 41 yrs old and no one believes me!
this is one of my secret weapons!
this cream has saved me!!
i am 30 years old
my husband uses it too!
now obsessed with face
was using the drunk elephant juju bar before
that i have in my drawer
the soap is a stand alone miracle worker!
tried on a whim as my skin has recently become troublesome
el invented the double cleanse system decades ago
it is one that has been remastered through modern technology
i enjoyed using this product.
when i received it in the mail
i also liked the case
my opinion is 100% mine
it worked well for me
my sister actually tried to take mine because i was telling her how good it works
worker at sephora recommended it
when i received it in the mail
this product has worked wonders for my skin.
it cleared the acne i had.
received this product just in time when i quit using my medication
once i've worked the oil into my skin
i recently moved to a new area
i loved the packaging to me that was bomb
i received this set as a gift from influenster.
i received this from influenster
i received this product from influenster.
lived in a small town
found out after i got this to test that my mother in law uses it all the time
i just ordered the sensitive edition for my boyfriend to try out
actually enjoyed the experience of the duo
i will be i lifetime addict!
balance its ph as claimed
which is great if you are married
i opened the box and examined the products.
i received this product through influenster
and met all my expectations definantly recommend.
i received this from influenster
when i received this product
i received this product from influenster
i received this product through influenster.
may be hooked for life
i received this from influenster
my skin drank it up
a lot of my friends also noticed this.
living in the city
this is the only one that has worked
this has my attention
i revived this as part of a #voxbox from influenster
this cleaning set worked well.
it is now in my shopping cart!
i found that the oil
i received this product through influenster
i received this product as part of a trial
it surpassed my expectations
i received this product through influenster.
received this product through influenster
tried it out and loved it!
say goodbye to those blacks heads!!!
tried it out and loved it!
i just purchased this
browsed the internet for half an hour
the girl who works there recommended this one
the murad one always worked
nothing has every worked.
that has worked for me!
my husband and daughter both use it and love.
firm my skin is
my friend recommend eve lom time retreat.
i am 56 years young
brought it on vacation
i've personally texted several of my friends with the same problem as me
told them to get this
bought it when i was crying in pain
s from playing with my new kitten
i recently developed eczema on my arms.
i made the mistake of trying on drugstore foundation
my skin suffered for it
this has worked miracles
i got mine with 100 points rewards
i regretted it the moment i opened the super cute packaging
my skin was suffering from winter in new engl
i noticed some stores stopped carrying it which is a shame
this has solved it
like a wedding or prom
i always dismissed people saying this beforeh
i got a small bottle of this with a gift set for my birthday
wore it under my foundation
i passed by my husb
i got this item on a whim with my points from rewards bazaar
i paid 100 points for this
so i gave it to my daughter.
i tried this in-store
which i was having a problem with
i've lived on the beach for 12 years now
puffiness that i have considering i am a college student
this product was recommended to me during a beauty class
i am 45 years old.
it worked like magic for my dark circles once i wear it
i received this as part of a voxbox
i received this from influenster
ii really grew to like this product
i received this product from influenster.
it has helped brighten my underye area
once i hit 30 years old
as a student in grad school
it wasn't a miracle worker for my dark circles
i used over my drunk elephant products
've been dying to try this
my neck looks so firm
it worked a miracle on my "elevens"
this worked with just one day of am
it worked wonders for me
my skin has never been happier
i just bought it and love it!
this product was tested on my mom who is in her mid-70s
after a year of using drunk elephant
recommend it to my friends
nothing has worked this fast
actually bought a whole bottle
literally nothing had worked
i wear it under my born this way foundation
loved it planning on buying
omfg its been a dream
after a sephora artist recommended this i find myself reaching for it every day
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
boy i lucked out
in fact i've bought other br
i just recently bought this product
y while traveling abroad
found this new collection in store
so i overlooked the smell and bought it.
brightening was marketed truthfully
i originally bought this only to get free shipping
bought the rose one which is supposed to be brightening
my skin has thanked me, though.
i even bought some for my sister to try!
i just ordered the coconut
the rose is sold out often
after i used it it disappeared i love this product
i've purchased higher priced exfoliators which have never worked for me
bought this while traveling
i just wished it was sold in a bigger bottle!
spur of the moment sleepovers
as a senior college student i take sleep when
when an advisor showed me this product in store
how this line was developed for pregnant women
my face has been super red
it changed my entire life
bought this mask instead
seriously rescued my skin from breakouts
bought the first one in my home town
i recently got home from a vacation to arizona where i had applied sunscreen to my chest
had purchased the evercalm mask
i recently bought this after being blown away by ren's cleansing milk
bought it after a week of testing it
this has become my holy grail
this primer worked ok
this is the bomb.
a sephora associate recommended this product for me
saves time in the morning and saves money!
my daughter made an appointment to have our makeup done
deducted one star for the price
hold the phone friends!!!
i live on the east coast
bought this little gem
went to sephora for something professional to help it
she immediately suggested this
i redeemed some of my points
this has replaced it
it has saved my dry
this is the only product i found that worked
i received this in my playbox
one of the girls recommended this to me
it freaking changed my life
wish this was sold in a tube or squeeze bottle
so originally i received this item in my monthly play
noting was helpign to fix that
was immediately drawn to the name
wish it had an spf.
spent the $35 on it
i want to test it out on my sister who is quite a bit oiler than i am
i deducted a star for that
one of the makeup artists in the store tried it out on me
i tried matteffect & it has worked amazingly.
this has been one of the st
had to share with my fellow makeup lovers how amazing this product is
i work as a preschool teacher
this has already become a staple in my routine
i even use it on my daughters excema.
i just bought this
i recently bought this and so far i'm loving it.
the girl tried this stuff on me
i just bought my 2nd bottle
she brought me to this
my face feels firm
i tried this and had to buy it.
recently my skin just kept having breakouts
they thought i was wearing foundation
've been in love with the drunk elephant products
bought the entire line of de products
like the worst i'd had since i was a teen
am now a huge believer in drunk elephant
this is the discovery of the year for me!
my skin has been throwing the worst tantrum
it burned for a while.
when i was checking out the girl told me i should try the drunk elephant face soap duo
my stylist asked if i changed my foundation
i received this as a gift
at first, i was a skeptic of this.
i am definitely sold.
as a teen i battled acne really badly
as with every other product offered by drunk elephant
all the credit goes to drunk elephant
i am now obsessed with drunk elephant.
looked as if i was already wearing foundation
on a whim i tried it without the oil
when i was talking to the foundation girl she told me to try this product
she told me the product was "life changing".
this product has worked wonders for my skin after just 2
most of them have vanished including some of the largest ones
at least i know my money was spent on something that works
it started when i was about 24,25 years young.
if i paid an arm
the sensitivity had disappeared
that i am sephora employee
my friend bought this first
it has been a nightmare trying to find something
lately my skin has gone nuts
bought this on a whim and i'm so glad i did.
admired it for a minute
i recently moved from the west coast to the midwest
i repurchased halfway though my first bottle because i was worried it might sell out
i bypassed this argan reserve during the last vib sale
i am older now
my skin was suffering from a pretty crazy breakout after having used a couple drunk elephant products
my skin has started to recover from the breakout that was caused by the drunk elephant tlc framboos
my skin is 45 years old and combo.
as someone who has suffered with acne for about half their life
but splurged on this with a gift card last week.
lose the numbered signed bottle
there i times where i have forgotten this at my apartment when i went home for school breaks
this product has changed everything for me!
this moisturizer literally has worked wonders for my skin
i initially had a burning sensation
my ten year old daughter is starting to use it
only complaint is i wish it had spf!
i live in the desert southwest
my skin has been glowing ever since
i experience all 4 seasons
recently i've been struggling with dehydrated skin
however i gave it to my sister who does have acne suffering skin
i've loved all of their products i've tried
a sephora associate recommended this to me
my gentleman friend took me out for my birthday
purchased this for me
loved this from day one
was sold after the first use
my black heads have disappeared which i have had since i was a teen
i know others called the smell fake
this cream has changed that
i'd recently been searching for a moisturizer that would help calm
thank goodness this launched when it did.
purchased this face cream to go with it
my skin has been looking
when it was discontinued
thinking i was using her professional products
i play ever purchased anything by this br
it didn't overdraw his face
this one is a keeper.
leaves my face taught
this was recommended to me
says his irritation disappeared overnight
a friend gave me her jar as it hadn't worked for her
despite her sisters swearing by it
i worked for an upscale dept store cosmetics line at a young age so my skin is better than it could be
have suffered from rosacea since a very young age
i first became obsessed with la mer about a decade ago
i splurged 3 months before my wedding
the only other one that worked for me was this obscure br
that could only be shipped from paris
i am a skin problem child
recently i've gone through skii products
i did inherit my father's
i finally caved and bought a small jar of la mer.
i am 49 and this has saved my skin.
balked at purchasing this for years due to the cost
at 47 i've finally found my skin savior.
have been unsuccessful at finding my match to help heal those scars
i found a combination that has become a miracle for my skin
my good friend who is in her mid 30's
had been recommending it to me for years
la mer was the only thing that worked
to me it has a rose smell.
after reading about why this was developed
my 80 year old gr
mother has the skin of a 30 year old
i've never found a moisturizer that i loved.
thanks sephora for carrying it!
stopped buying it because it is not sold in my local department stores after we moved
love that sephora carries the
that was always a concern of mine
my fine lines had disappeared
after i recovered from sticker shock i have to say this is the best moisturizer i have used
i received the iconic box
i am 30 years old
i prayed this would work since now i can afford it
my friends who use it love it
my 40 year old daughter is mistaken for my mother
i just purchased this
they called it "magic."
i received this as a beauty perk for 100 points
i just recently had my son
i just recently bought this
i wish this was a foundation.
this product out-performed my holy grail
it worked well under my foundation
i originally thought this was a primer
i am getting married this summer
it has changed my life !
most of mine worked well on conjunction with the serum
my best friend asked me what i was using
i told her about this product
i received this product from influenster .
i loved the way my makeup applied over it
i received this product from @influenster
i wore this as a bridesmaid this past weekend
for a long wedding day
it's been in my skin care routine every since i've received it
already ordered a backup in the vib sale
this has worked wonders
this grew on me.
but overnight it is a miracle worker.
boy, i was wrong!
i wish i found this earlier.
i hit the lottery when i discovered biossance.
i seen this product in a magazine
just ordered a new one
i kept searching all of 2016
i also recently had a baby
buy this product and look alive!!!
my mother was very strict about what age i was to start wearing makeup when i was young
mine are part genetic
the missing star is for packaging
while mine are not nearly as bad as my mom's
my eye bags were genetically given to me.
i even bought my mom one for mother's day!
by time i am prepped
it has been my go to eye product
coincidentally a friend recommended the peptide eye gel
now i am no stranger to biossance products
ever since high school i have been the geek that stays up all night to study
my eyes have paid the price
which had won an allure beauty award that year
i've struggled with adult acne on
the ethics of the company
the girl behind the counter told me that i would "love it
while it's worked for me since i was 18
my breakouts have almost disappeared
just repurchased a second bottle
it hasn't been an issue at all
after discovering this gem
i originally purchased this for my facial
it's been a miracle worker
my previous choice of oil
have been in love ever since
i actually used this on my belly when i was pregnant
this was my life saver.
i got this as a gift
before i discovered this, i was a cetaphil girl.
i used this oil a ton when i was pregnant
the nourisher since i saw an ad somewhere
my daughter first got me this about a year ago
my daughter always commented on this when she was young
couldn't find a cream that worked.
this worked almost instantly.
i live in the south
worked on my elbows
the technician advised me to try to use an eye cream to keep the firmness
my lines vanished almost immediately
it has been a life saver
have had to carry foundation with me
the protection has helped me
every year i go skiing
everyone who've i gotten hooked on it
the lovely girl helping me offered me a sample of this also
the girl at sephora saved my life.
which is a great feat for a mom with a toddler who has never been a fan of sleep
they have successfully changed my mind about eye cream as well
recommending to all my friends
i first purchased it at the international airport
i received this product as a gift
i am a critical care nurse
my fine lines have disappeared!
it has worked wonders for my fine lines around my eye
this product would be good for the young and old.
i am 44 years old with a combination type skin
i am 29 years old
this cream helped become more firm
i am a sahm of a very active 2 year old.
that is why it has four star rating.
i am 33 years old.
i've even gotten my husband to try it!
my eyes are looking younger by the week
this actually worked almost immediately
it has replaced my old st
will be telling my girlfriends about it
she immediatly recommended this cleanser
i also noticed that the small amount of acne that i had has nearly disappeared
i originally bought it for a friend
when i hit 16/17 years old, my skin was so oily!
i am 33 years old
this is the first time in my life since before puberty
after i visited my doctor
suffering from years of acne
this was recommended to me by an sephora employee after telling her about my acne problems
i've always produced a lot of oil in my face/hair area since i was a teen
now i found the one
i loved this product from my first use.
i received this product from influenster
face cream has been a life saver
as a 30-year-old woman i can say i've never been more excited to wash my face in my life
i am absolute sold
i am 33 years old
this is the first time in my life since before puberty
this one is a keeper!
i redeemed 100 of my points for this
can say it has replaced my previous clinique face lotion
worked well with my makeup which lasted all day
this step made the regimen 'feel' like it was working
the only thing i wished was that this had a spf.
i received this product from influenster
☺ recently received this amazing product in the mail from influenster for free
i also allowed my pre-teen daughter to use it
i think i've found a new staple!
i am in law school
since kathleenlights talked about it
since fragrance was the last ingredient
i found product when it was introduced to me during a beauty reservation
bought this for my mother.
this is a nightmare to use
i recently started using this and love it!
my skin recently has been very oily.
this is the only tinted moisturizer that was worked well for me
like the old days
when i moved to upstate new york
guess i have resigned myself to my fate as a loyal devotee
i am only 28 years old
since it was for "old people"
so when i got "old" it wouldn't show
drunk elephant just to name a few
now i am hooked
thanks to this product i can safely say that i have the eyes of my 20-year-old self
splurged when sephora started carrying la mer
so glad i splurged and got this face wash!
i slept with it on
with just one use my skin was transformed
as an aging woman i've been using anti-wrinkle cosmetics more recently
since i'm now in my 30s
i am 67 years old
i would have loved to have tried this product
since im not that old
my mother instantly claimed it
worked good on her skin
my face has never been more glowing you would think i was pregnant
i never realized this was pact with it
bought this for my husband in his 30s.
i just purchased my 2nd bottle today.
it was a birthday gift from my friend
i also bought the face wash with it.
i got my sister and brother hooked on this.
i applied this before bed
the doctor is in!
this gave oil has done wonders for my skin.
plus i love the girl who makes it.
one of the sephora staff recommended this to me
has a lot of gold pieces in it
i just received my farsali gold elixir in the mail yesterday
kind of like old people skin
publicity it has on youtube
since i got it as a gift
i am a very experienced oiler!
my 14 year old wanted the elixir just because she saw it on instagram
now i know it isn't sold for acne
she wears it under her makeup
we promptly bought a bottle
when i told my parents this costed $54 dollars
this item is officially my dessert isl
bought it during the most recent vib sale
i tried it in the store
after going to sephora to originally purchase the ouai wave spray my friend told me to try out the farsali unicorn essence
this helped mattify my skin
i found it to be my secret weapon in mixing products
recently bought georgio armani power fabric
the girl told me to try this
i finally bought it
on a whim decided to order this one
this was recommended to me by an employee
in no way irritated mine
i've owned this for 4 months
this was a suggestion from a sales associate
every balm i have tried previously to this has made me breakout
after having babies my skin has changed
because i noticed mine had a white "core
" as if the ingredients had separated
one of the employees showed me this
it is as described
it works like a dream
found a few i liked
have fallen in love
the sales associate went
i happened to find this in my moms bathroom.
this has been a lifesaver.
i asked the woman in sephora what she recommended for me
i've bought this twice now
as a longtime fan of origins products
the woman at sephora said i could wear it under makeup
i actually purchased this at dillard's before i saw it on the sephora website
my mom bought this
i received this product from influenster
have been loving it ever since
this is literally the product i've dreamed of for my skin type
bought this on a whim
have tried both the old formulation
i've never tried the old formula
like the old one
after a lot of dental work
my makeup is gone
also because i am nursing
it is officially in my mask rotation
every summer since i started progestin only birth control
bought this on a whim during the vib rouge sale recently
have loved the results
i just bought this product today
this is miracle in a bottle
i am 30 years old
originally bought him as part of a gift basket
from the east coast
tatcha has changed my life
formerly the water gel
even salvaged my skin after an ill-fated experiment with another br
side note- i saw another review that says this is super different from the old formula
you have saved me.
i am officially hooked.
has saved me a ton of money
was stuck without an alternative until this was suggested to me
it works well for my 72 year old age face.
after i received this as a reward
due to stress from planning my nuptials
i've never liked sheet masks
my skin was firm
none that actually worked
i just bought it
movie night with my sister
i loved the two steps
this mask is a dream
i also bought one for my boyfriend
i saved the remainder in the pod
the beauty adviser informed me that this replaced both
i liked the ampoule pack in step 1
ones from face shop or nature republic
i drank to nights in a row
tatcha has changed my life
nothing has ever worked like this
it worked well for me
this product has worked wonders
this has been a savior!
i went to russia recently to visit my family
have recently been getting acne
as a sephora cast member i give this 5 stars
even have purchased another jar for my mother
as a person who suffered from acne for 2 years
this product really lived up to its claims
this one is a keeper
previously i was using the belif aqua bomb
it was sold out
this was sold out online
i'll repurchase this in a heartbeat
my skin has been loving it
s for a while because she also admitted she had great skin genetically
my skin has been neglected for quite a while
sister are dying to try it now
this worked wonders on my fine lines
bought this during the sale because i'd been on the hunt for a good eye cream
this changed my life!
with that being said
splurged on many sr products
my skin has never been happier.
i used it on my teenage daughter
it worked overnight too
at least my daughter can use it
it really has worked on aging lines
the good genes none of them worked
i would've bought the drunk elephant one
who knew an oil cleanser would steal my heart
i am 40 years old
no wonder they were completely sold out in store.
i love that she has her headquarters in houston:
i just recently bought this product.
a sephora employee showed me how this would work on the skin
my boyfriend complimented my skin the first day i tried it
my sister bought it and let me borrow some.
i am 36 years old with light/medium skin that is combination
she said she uses it and loves it.
i am currently 20 weeks pregnant which i have a glow already
i've experimented with many different products
the girl working said i would see a difference in lines etc
when i received this product
my friend suggested i try this eye serum based on my concerns of darkness
it was sold out at my local store.
also i am well past 60 years old!
i am almost through my first tube in the old syringe style packaging
i almost bought a shiseido product
just now had to repurchase
thank you drunk elephant for another outst
i put it in my medicine cabinet
i got this at a bareminerals boutique
it does wonders for mine
a friend of mine recently started using this
her skin has been looking amazing lately
i first learned about this product from refinery29
this was recommended when i had a makeover in store
after eyeing on de the br
bought this cleanser based off the description
the bars had wheat
this is the cleanser i've been waiting for.
i love to use this after the gym and work.
i initially bought this because it was br
it was the initial appeal of "travel-friendly" which hooked me
my mother tried to force it on me ages ago
they've always been an insecurity of mine
initially i got it for the packaging.
will be recommending this to my friends/family.
i initially bought this as a sonic
the older i get
i told the chick i was having some issues with acne
my old acne scars have been fading
this one worked wonders
my son loved popping the balloon when i got it in the mail :
which i've never before experienced
boscia as a brand has saved my skin!
it works like a dream!
my daughter bought the same one
all her acne is gone
i instantly ordered it
bought this because her makeup was removed by using this product
bought this on a whim
i've already stabbed a hole into mine :
i've since ordered the other flavors
i recently bought the blue version of the mask
i just repurchased the grey one
bought this on impulse
the mask worked well for me
i used this mask with my daughter
the combos have worked wonders for me.
my skin has never been so glowing
my skin has not been in the best condition due to my busy lifestyle
this ones all mine
it quickly became my staple.
i've also had a problem with my foundation.
when i was buying this
it was sold out in store
thought that the name was catchy
eagerly waited for this product!
bought this because i'm a slave to hype
firm in the morning
it was always sold out
and another told me i was glowing.
i immediately loved the smell
it being sold out all the time
i've tried many sleeping masks
this product has been sold out of every sephora in my city
when i first got this i treated it the way i treated my old lancôme essence
recently i discovered the 7 skin method
this product has transformed my skin.
am almost done my bottle
none of them have worked
they really killed it with this product
i originally bought this just because i haven't yet found a favorite cleanser
i am recovering from surgery
lately i have been breaking out
including spouses of my coworkers
i've never been a philosophy br
as a 31 year old woman with pcos this is a rare
firm with the first use
i am 23 years old
i received a trial size in a philosophy set
the acne has stopped after delivery
looked like a young little girl again
compared to other women my age
my skin looks years younger
this item came in a philosophy package i ordered.
have recently realized that it is on the days that i use this that i receive compliments on my skin having a "glow"
has helped my complexion a ton
have recently come down with adult acne
i've recently started on a fault retin-a treatment for acne
it's saved my skin
see myself repurchasing for years to come
i am an educator
my 11 lines have vanished
i just purchased this yesterday
this already has delivered
lots of compliments on my almost 60 year old face
shelled out the $40 for it
o woman always searching for ways to preserve my youth
i visited my local sephora last friday for my 31st birthday
my friend and i grabbed them excitedly.
my friend also has problem skin
which i haven't done since i was 18
daily use over 5+ years has made me a believer
as i get older
who knew i had neck wrinkles?
even my boyfriend comments on my skin
got this as a gift from my cousin
as others have noted
i've repurchased this at least 3 times already.
i've really seen a transformation in my skin since i started using this a month ago
i got this sleeping mask as a trial size from a subscription box
nor have ever been
also got my mom using this
then got introduced to this sleeping mask
thank you sephora for carrying this
i ordered the sleeping mask
i recently heard about this mask from kathleenlights
this baby boomer has been using neosporine-type ointment on her lips at night for decades
boy was i wrong
bought this after i saw kathleenlights praising it
this has changed my lips life, and mine.
however it is important to note that my lips have been chapped since i was a young girl
my lips had been acting up
girl you need this
worked as well as this
even my husband used it and said it worked
when i received this product
i love it and recommended it.
i've already purchased 2 more for my purse
when i ordered this product
nothing has ever worked for me
then i discovered this product.
today i was roaming around a mall
i tried this lip mask per recommendation from a friend
i put mine in the refrigerator
i received a sephora gift card for graduation
with out the pregnancy
although i received this product from influenster
i took the risk of trying it on my skin because if it didn't work or broke me out i could gift it to my sister or friend
i received it from an influenster campaign
mpressed that i've already dished out the green to repurchase
and will recommend to my friends.
my husband has also started using it as well.
in about a week this product worked its magic
i received this as part of my influenster voxbox
noticed it won an allure beauty award
i received this in my voxbox via influenster
i received this product courtesy of influenster
they recently changed the formula
i originally received this product courtesy of influenster for free to review
why i deducted a star
i received this product from influenster
she has been using to ever since
i recently started putting a dab on my beauty bender
as my penance for that
up until now i had been loyal to belif cosmetics
would possibly repurchase for my daughter as she likes the scent
im hooked and will be repurchasing!!!
i also tested it on my boyfriend who has more of a dryer skin type
i already know i'll be purchasing this when mine runs out
i can see why this cream won an allure award!
this worked very well
being a "woman of a certain age"
its gets an a++ grade from me!
tatcha has changed my life
this product is def aimed toward older woman
just wanted to say to the girls who said the fragrance gave them an allergic reaction
my friend said it made her acne scars disappear after a few weeks
i am a senior tatcha girl
has the same claims
im not sold on the brightening
the company supports young girls worldwide
i initially bought the mask for two reasons
even on my 59 year old
i am a makeup lover at heart-- i am a girl that wore foundation everyday
has this replaced it?).
this replaces my foundation
i already loved the pink mask
from someone has has tried everything
after discovering this product
stop harassing a good product
i received a 7-day trial of this product from influenster
being that i am young
noticed mentioned to me my fave looked different
even friends mentioned it.
i wanted to try this for my "old lady h
s" i have a ton of fine lines that make we look like a 90 year old woman
my skin looked so firm
i received a 7-day trial of this product from influenster
it definitely cleared mine
i received a 7 day trial of clarins from influenster
i noticed after about 5 days of use that my skin was feeling more firm
my face feels more firm
i enjoyed testing this product
my skin became even
i received a 7 day supply from influenster.
as i get older
i received a 7 day trial from influenster
have fallen in love
since getting pregnant i have been combo/dry
have loved using it
i would recommend to friends and family.
so my grandmother has been using it.
she states she will buy it.
for those who are saying why is it called wrinkle warrior
the gentleman who works for the line
aron told me about this product while i was shopping
i wisely took his advice and purchased.
my eyes look younger
this is a miracle in a jar
the name says it all!
haven't had that sensation since
have suffered from r
i applied in the store
i also became vegan a few days after purchasing this
almost all of my pimples have disappeared
after a change in birth control
the girl talked so highly about this product i forgot about the other product i went there for
it worked like a charm
being a busy working mom i've always struggled with dark circles
i recommend this product to my sister
i've found the star of all masks!
it hasn't gotten rid of mine yet
this has been added to my skin routine
i knew i found the one that was special
that's why this was created
i recommend this to all my friends and family!
this mask has transformed my skin!
i'd been searching for a good moisturizer for years
review before it launched
i’m that kind of girl that can go through 20 packs of oil blotters in a week
this product is made by women for women
none have worked liked this
nothing has surfaced yet
review before it launched
i am 26 years old
it was just recently that i’ve noticed that my skin isn’t as youthful as it was before
this eye cream has helped
i applied mine in the morning before i applied my makeup
bought this at a kiehls store that wasn't very close
until one of the girls i worked with recommended this
work as a flight attendant
i am 18 years old
has changed my life
bought it off the keihl's website and love it.
cried my heart out
for anyone who has acne
my father loves this.
a friend recommended this cream
i already bought another one for my mom
i never even bought the bottle.
not caring as a child
thank you sephora for carrying this now!
before the adoption my sephora
this has been my holy grail cleansing oil for over a year now
staple product in my collection.
this has been the only product that has worked for me
a friend of mine gave me the three little wonders sample pack
slept on this one
mind you that i am eight months pregnant
a friend of mine who works there actually recommended it to me
i discovered this product 2 years ago
have been my go to night treatment ever since
have repurchased multiple times.
then i remembered this treatment was missing from my regimen
ever since i turned 14
she recommended this product to me
the associate asked me what type of skin i had
gave this product a shot upon the recommendation of a sephora employee
boy, was i wrong.
it's saved my skin.
for a girl who has been battling cystic acne for 3 years
this is coming from a girl who has regularly had anywhere between 4-10 red
my skin hated me for those two months.
the drink elephant is 12%
although i am only 20 years old
nothings worked except this line.
i got this for acne scars originally
i even recommend this to my mother in law
she also has fallen involve
since i started using this religiously
i said: i was born in the 70s
she didn't believe it until i passed her my license
i recently had a skin hydration test done
had been miserable ever since -- at least before i discovered this product
this has been the miracle product i've needed.
this changed my life.
i originally bought the kit just to try out the luna oil
bought this years ago on the advice of sephora staff
this cream has worked wonders for me
i think i have finally found my lifelong product!
also have fallen in love with it
consultant at sephora suggested nurture cream .
the man working suggested this br
bought this about a month
recently it shifted to dry
i tried this product based on recommendations of family
the new packaging that was introduced
i recently have just purchased this product from one of their promos that they had
this is my baby!
my mom started using this moisturizer about a year ago
this cream deserves to be spoken about
i started buying in the old packaging
i wish the bottle had a pump
this cleanser has been a life safer
it worked well for me
wich vanished after 3-4 days using this produkt morning
i am 41 years old
i would recommend it to my friends
when my skin is oiler
my sister bought this when i took her shopping a while ago
convinced my brother to let me get him a bottle
i showed it to my sister
loved this for years
found out about this company from a celebrity magazine
went to store to buy a gift
then a friend let me try some of her product
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
the "truth revealed" super creme is also a miracle worker
my mother-in-law to switch
i've bought 4 jars of this baby already!
loyal customer for life
i got this moisturizer because it was recommended by an employee
i told them that i was scared to buy any moisturizer since i had oily skin
i docked a star for the packaging.
i just repurchased this product for a 3rd time it is amazing
lately it has not been working the same
my friend asked me what i was using!
for years i splurged on lemer products
i recently bought the $36 size
this was my life saver to stop that
you have a lifetime buyer!
my daughter-in-law put me on to this over a year ago
my skin became even
i think jaclyn hill recommended this
that is something that has made me insecure for years
saw it on the featured shelf
a sephora consultant recommended this one
my mom has normal skin and she loves it.
my sister has oily skin and she loves it.
it has become a staple of my morning
people asked me were asking me what foundation i was using
when i took my daughter to get makeup done for prom
the makeup artist recommended this product
wish i had found this product years ago
the smell alone appealed to me
then saw my sister was using it so had to buy the full size version once i knew i loved it
a coworker kept asking if i was using new makeup
i am too old to have breakouts
bought this a week ago in a package with the orange cleanser
i've never bought anything that has worked better with my complexion
having it recommended to me by an employee at sephora
this product changed my life !
as the title says
this is the first product that has actually worked for me
i think when i was younger
because he kept stealing my sheer transformation
i've repurchased it twice already!
however i visited my sephora store
now i'm getting compliments from my friends
i ordered this because philosophy discontinued my favorite moisturizer
see how it worked for me
the old moisturizer sat on top of my skin.
it's been smooth sailing since
it was recommended to me from a staff member after i had recently started to use the clinique acne line of skin care products
this product has saved my oil gross skin.
it has been an ex client combination
this has been h
i met the one true love: this moisturizer
due to the tea tree
i recently bought this
i recently started using this skin care line
the one day at the store i noticed a new girl working
assumed she was around my age
to get a moisturizer that worked i would
i recently purchased a new jar
the old jar had a smooth
more recently it's changed to combination
got compliments from girls
i am a loyal murad consumer
this is not a miracle worker
when the woman at sephora recommended it for my acne prone skin i was skeptical
a friend all use this cream
i'd buy that in a heartbeat!
when i was introduced to this moisturizer i was in complete shock
it worked so well with my skin
my skin has never looked for flawless in 10 years
co workers on how young my skin looks
i love the fact that it is made in a monastery!
spent hundreds on prescriptions
steroids etc...nothing worked.
after years of seaching for a solution i found one with this creme
i am 53 years old i am a product junkie for sure!
this product saves my life
i splurged on this product after receiving a gift card
i am officially an addict!
aged out of most of the skin care products for younger skin
my dark circles vanished
my skin was glowing where i had applied it
only found the face cream in the store
my skin has never
splurged on this during a 20% off sale
the sales rep at sephora called this "gold in a jar"
travel on a plane weekly
the older i get
i moved from the east coast to the west
it has been a miracle cream for me
my mom lives in the desert
i got the 250 dollar jar
the sales associate in the store was right.
it has never broken me out
my brother-in-law commented on how much younger i looked
i've bought this repeatedly for my sister who has psoriasis
i accidentally bought this one without even knowing there were 2 different types
this has been my go-to moisturizer for years
i am licensed sommelier so i have a good nose!
this cream is a miracle worker!
also when i first purchased this moisturizer
my only complaint is the scent
my boyfriend saw how rejuvenated
i originally wanted to get this korres moisturizer
dock the product a star
have been addicted every since
this has been a miracle worker for my face.
this has been my go to face moisturizer for years
bought because i was having lots of break outs
this was recommended by an employee
the name is spot on
my pores have vanished
this has done wonders
as a woman who deals with adult acne
it looked like it had been airbrushed.
which has always been the cornerstone of my regimen
i recently decided i no longer wanted to spend money on retin a
found this puppy in my drawer
most recently anti-aging products
i just bought a new one yesterday
i found this product in sephora
etc until i worked through the redness
besides that i've been wearing makeup since i was 12
i've suffered from acne since i was in 5th grade
i am now 24 years old
i am a 27 year old who has struggled with my skin for almost 15 years
the product my dermatologist was prescribing worked great
this product has worked magic on my skin
i discovered this a year ago
i started the school year with bad acne
i started using philosophy
i am still young
it has made me devout
i am a 45 year old with acne-prone skin
after doing my research
i recently returned my origins a perfect world cleanser
they pointed me towards philosophy
after giving birth to my child 3 years ago
a sales associate suggested this product to me about 2 years
i've recommended it to my sisters
the sales associate gave me two options
after years of using another luxury br
i know it works because i had an eye infection
everything i've done hasn't worked
if you are around 20 years old
once it dies its unnoticable
this product has helped
the dark circles almost completely vanished
for me it was money well spent
i just bought this eye cream in my local store after looking online for hours
the girl at the store used their profile machine to match me to a product
i recently started getting more fresh products
she recommended this one for dark circles
bought another during the 15% off sale :
i went into a sephora store for some retail therapy
none of them have worked, but this product.
this eye gel has made me look 10 years younger!
asked me what i was using i recommended this mask
i am now officially obsessed with fresh
she suggested i see my doctor to ask about acutane
thanks to the sale representative for the recommendation
this product worked like a charm
none have worked as well as this one
i've even got my brother
who unfortunately has a pizza face
have recently been breaking out on my chin
recently my skin has been freaking out
this mask has saved my skin!!
this product alone sold me to this brand.
i received this as a gift from fresh/sephora
*while i received this as a gift
i enjoyed the mask.
i recently received this mask as a gift from sephora
i received this as a gift
i got this as a gift.
i received this as a gift from sephora
i received this as a gift
i already knew i liked the fresh line from samples
i never purchased it
sephora sent me this mask as a gift
i got this a gift from sephora as a gift.
sephora sent me this a gift!
i received this item as a gift from sephora.
i received this item as a gift
i received this as a gift from sephora in the mail
i received this product as a gift from sephora.
should start of by saying i am a die hard glamglow supermud girl
i received it as a gift from sephora
i loved that it came with its own spatula.
i already had the umbrian clay soap that does wonders
i received this as a surprise gift from sephora
as a cleanser this has worked wonders
one of the girls at sephora recommended this to me
got this after speaking to a sephora employee.
my friend felt like she was getting a zit the night before her wedding
it has been a miracle for my skin.
it 100% saved my skin
a sephora associate suggested i try this mask a couple of weeks ago
i asked one of the sales associate what did recommended for it
on a recent visit to my local store i was told this was now an online only product
i worked at sephora for years
this works for summer.
the young girl working the counter who rang up my purchase made the remark
had been hearing a lot about this br
i've purchased this for a year
10 years ago lancôme discontinued a very similar product with the grape seed oil
i recently started using this cream as a night cream
my skin is firm
are by younger women
less than 25 years old
until i found this product
i loved this even more when gwyneth paltrow recommended it in her goop newsletter recently
i recently purchased this while in paris from a pharmacy
after buying the beauty on board kit for a trip i was taking to visit a friend in california
my older sister had lectured me many a time on the importance of moisturizing
since i been using this product it has brighten my skin
boy does it pay off
the lady helping me recommended this
a sephora employee recommended this line to me
she is older than i am
said is his name
at first when the sephora consultant recommended this to me
as the name says
officially in love with this brand!
made my fiancé gasp at how soft my skin was
have similar skin as mine
as soon it was dry my skin was like my 5 year old girl
my skin has become
it's for 52 year old skin
am now a loyal caudalie customer
was recommended this product in store
this was suggested to me by one of the workers
she told me she uses it as a makeup remover
i recently went to sephora for fun with my sister
my skin has never looked
recently checked my purchase history
the saleswoman suggested this face wash
i got this as a trial size from my beauty insider points
had never really heard from or purchased anything from this br
it sat in my cabinet for months
i broke out like a pre-pubescent teenager
i'll never stray again, my tried and true friend.
bought this last year when it was $15 as well
i work in a hospital
nothing has been working
haven't regretted the purchase
i just purchased this for my daughter
it hasn't been a problem in the summer
no other cleanser has ever worked this well
my sister had this boscia face cleanser lying around in the bathroom
have now bought 2 bottles
i recently ran out
the lady at sephora recommended this one to me
worked well with my clairsonic
don't regret shelling out the $28
this is the first cleanser in more than 10 years that i've repurchased
ones from the drugstore
in the past year i've started to get some adult acne
seems to fade old ones
seriously, this is a miracle worker
a sephora sales representative recommended this product to me for blemishes on my chin
it has worked every time
i love this new discovery!
nothing i have ever tried before has worked
i even caught my brother using it
had to buy him one
i even have my sister hooked on this.
i would recommend this to friends
i've struggled with acne for years
it was a good recommendation from the sephora rep
my 13 year old daughter is at the age where her skin is unpredictable day to day
have recommended it to all my friends
just reapply on my breakout
i wished i'd bought the regular size
then switched to the boscia in the silver container for older skin
my sephora quit carrying it
when i went to repurchase recently at my local store it was not in stock
no cast member i spoke to knew why
this eye gel was recommended to me by a sephora associate
this was recommend to me by the lady working at my local sephora
i've noticed they've come back since discontinuing the origins
this eye cram was recommended by one of the girls at sephora
i tested it in the store
this is my 3rd bottle already.
my hg, been buying for over 5 years.
just bought 2 of these to stock up!
i think i originally saw this featured in a magazine as a good product for younger skin
i am a nurse that works night shift
i am almost done with that bottle
the technician tried multiple things for sensitive skin
i am 32 yrs old
i switched to this eye cream about 8 months ago after my old favorite from cosmedicine was discontinued
would have spent money to do it
i listened to the sephora rep go on
has helped my dark circles
i recently began using this to help battle my allergies
my family are "dark circled" people.
behold boscia worked for me
i moved to a different climate
this saves my life
this is my second korres product i've purchased.
i just quit dairy
for a girl who has a lot of redness
it never gets old!
since then i have bought the allure award winning oil
i got this moisturizer initially in a sephora favorites kit
has been fine ever since
instantly made me recall 2014
this product has been a wonder for years now
while the impression of rose is that it's for old ladies
you ate able to buy 2 at once
she has recommended this for years
have been using a cleanser from my dermatologist office for years
bought the 8oz in august
i paid $24 for the 8oz
i just bought two of them
i am an avid face washer
have got to be fake
my sister has normal skin
i never understood why my sister said it made her face dry
my fiancé is also a fan of the product since it works for all skin types
jaclynn hill told me about it
my adult acne were cleared by this god sent miracle on earth
i always been a drugstore fan
my sister uses this
a cool sephora associate recommended this product
about a month ago i switched to the ren calming cleanser because i heard it was better then purity
it has helped me control my adult acne
has worked for me when my skin has been both super oily
along with other new products ive bought my skin has been clearing up
i recently purchased because i've heard great things about philosophy
i've struggled with acne since i was a teenager
tried every drugstore product know to man
both my sisters love it
she recommended this to me
a friend's 16 year old daughter moved in with me
almost every product of theirs i have tried has lived up to what it promised
my teen daughter has sensitive skin
i received this product in a mystery bag.
when the pharmacy discontinued making my facewash i paniced to say the least
the sephora consultant recommended this almost a year ago
my skin looked younger
bought the murad correcting moiturizer with spf 15
have found no substitute>
i am 31 years old with fair skin
i just assumed i had combination skin
when i visited sephora recently for foundation they asked what i used for skin care because i have very red cheeks
this one was recently recommended for me as i have red skin
this stuff was recommended to me by the sephora lady
an associate at sephora showed this line to me
i started to break out lately so the lady recommended this product
a couple of times my daugher has had a skin irritation
it has worked well for her
the bocia is sitting in my medicine cabinet
after visiting the store
talking to a sales rep she recommended this product
i'd been using drugstore products
i originally started with the acne care line by murad
i ordered this on a whim
this is the 2nd bottle i have bought.
this serum came highly recommended by the sephora associate who helped me in the store when i told her about my skin issues
it has exceeded my expectations
this product is a keeper.
my skin is looking great since i have been using this serum for 2 weeks now
although marketed for men
even though i am a girl
exchanged the item for me
i just got this product recently
this is the first product i've ever bought for my husb
fine lines have disappeared
a family member commented that my face looked more shiny
my sister recommended this to me
this product is a blessing!!
this product worked almost immediately for me.
i wish it worked better on my "strawberry" nose
recently switched over to an all retinol-regime
i recieved picture porefect as a trial size initially
bought my first bottle
i finally have the skin i've always envied!
this stuff has made my 54-year-old skin look at least 15 years younger
if you've fought combination skin
introduced to me by dermadoctor rep
this product was recommended to me
this is the only one that has worked for me
realized i wasn't wearing any:
it has been the only thing that has worked for my giant pores
while it is not a miracle worker
thought it was a miracle worker
i recently purchased dermadoctor's blackhead treatment
i really like this product that a sales associate suggested
picture porefect worked exactly as described.
one of the sas recommended this to me after i told him that i had been using a primer that contains dimethicone
greetings from the dermadoctor herself.
it has restored his sensitive toddler skin
corrected after having a friend who had used it with good results
i asked the salesperson what she recommended
corrected was one of two she suggested
it has transformed my skin.
my skin is beautiful ever since i started using this miracle worker
this products has already helped
after a couple of days my fiancé even noticed a difference
it worked wonders for me
it worked some for the ruddiness in my cheeks
i am a former beauty consultant
this cream is in my hall of fame
i wore blush the other day.
bought this for my daughter who's 16
i worked in a pharmacy for five years
despite all the prescriptions i had
this saved my skin
she asked me if i was wearing makeup
i agonized over the price of this product
pleaded with me to use it again
none of the prescription products have worked for me
it just kills me to buy it
corrected when i was away to attend a wedding
during a visit from my mother we stopped by sephora
so my mom bought it as a gift for me!
was introduced to this by a beauty consultant in your store
although the sales girl already had me
when i received this product
this was recommended to me by a sephora skin care specialist
the girl showed me a couple of products
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
seems to have reduced the appearance of new ones since i started using this about 1 yr ago
this product has saved me a lot of stress
well boy i was wrong.
i've struggled with acne for years now
with that being said
a lovely associate refered me to this bar a few months ago though
i am a cancer survivor
this has saved my life
has given me my old skin back
my skin was kindly described by a dermatologist as being an oil monster
i remembered i still had this bar
my 40 year old skin is loving it
i originally thought it was a bit pricey
this seriously saved my face.
whenever i remembered to use it
since my bar was still in my bathroom cabinet
i've kept the original box to store it in
where has this been all my life?
as i get older
i wish i had tried this earlier!
had worked for me
having fought acne for 15 years
a sephora cast member recommended this to me
i am 50 years young
this was recommended by a sephora consultant
boy, was i wrong!!
this has helped to bring it to a head
i tried everything the doctor prescribed.
got mine at target for $0
i've had mine for about 2 months now
my friend bought hers in the tube form
my friend introduced me to this after i told her i had mild breakouts on my face
bought one for my boyfriend
i found this bar
this is the only thing that has worked for me
nothing has been added or taken away
it is the reason that i found that sephora existed
received this one as a gift
i would be crushed if this was ever discontinued or horribly reformulated
i've repurchased it twice now
where has this been all my life?
this is the only one that has worked for me
with that being said
o got the as my birthday gift
10/10 would recommend to all of my friends
i originally bought this cleanser on a whim
recently ordered it as my daily cleanser
partially because none of them really worked
so have my friends
i got this cleanser as a birthday present.
my acne is almost gone
i recommended it to a friend for acne
i went out and bought 3 of these!
got this last summer as a birthday freebie
had to for this product
i just recently got it as a gift
i've bought this more than once.
mainly because i hadn't found one that was perfect for me
this product changed me!
was marketed towards men
after having my child i have suffered from acne because of hormones
this product is everything i've ever dreamed of.
it has helped with my acne
my husband and i used this together.
i originally bought this for my bf
i originally got this in a few samples for my dad at sephora along with an aftershave
my friend introduced me to anthony’s deep pore cleansing clay which is an amazing product
this is the second bottle i have bought for my boyfriend
my boyfriend purchased this product
i received this as a gift
it has been a life saver
all the dead skin
decided to try a water-less cleansing milk after the recommendation of a friend with perfect skin
after being referred by a friend
which was discontinued years ago
she informed me that at 28 years of age
to put it bluntly, it works.
after a couple says realized it was hormones
this has changed my life.
i could have saved some money
i saved it for travel.
i initially liked the smell
i got this as part of a vib gift.
it has me hooked
it worked for me
my girlfriend said my skin looked like it was glowing when i started using this moisturizer
i remembered one day i accidentally used too much
this product has changed my day to day skin care
i heard about it from a friend
when this first was introduced to me by a worker
it instantly called my name
it worked its magic to where i was matte
i got it as a birthday gift from sephora.
i got this for my birthday as a beauty insider
i got this syrum for my birthday over a week ago
i received this in the birthday gift
the sorbet as a birthday gift
i received this as my birthday gift from sephora
i got this as a birthday gift
i recieved this as a sephora beauty insider birthday reward
i got this as my birthday gift at the beginning of the month
i just had lunch with a friend i hadn't seen in 3 months
i spent months eyeing this
i got this as my birthday reward
i got this as part of the birthday gift
received this as part of the birthday gift.
after using my birthday gift i noticed a huge difference on the appearance of my skin
got this as the yearly "birthday present" from sephora
i received this as a free birthday gift
i received this product as my birthday gift from sephora
i've never looked or felt younger
i received this for my sephora birthday gift
i received this serum for my birthday gift from sephora
i got this in the birthday gift
thanks to the staff at the mcallen
i received this as a birthday gift
i recieved this product as a birthday gift!
i received it in the birthday gift
i've gotten compliments on my skin recently as well
i got this for my free birthday gift.
originally i had wanted the tarte gift
the store was out
so for my birthday
this is the product that changed my life.
this product i got as my sephora birthday gift
paid $$ for the big girl bottle
i got them as my sephora birthday gift
received this in birthday gift set
since i gained weight as a young teen i have had creases in my neck
the moisturizer for the birthday gift
my acne is already almost gone
i got this for my birthday gift along with the vinosource sorbet moisturizer
i got this from sephora birthday kit.
believe me i've been used from belief to dior.
i got this serum as a birthday gift
i received this as a insider beauty birthday gift
i never would've bought this because of the price
i got this for my birthday as the mini size that sephora gives you
my acne is almost gone
got this as my birthday gift
i got this for the sephora birthday gift
i got this for my birthday.
i got this along with the moisturizer for my birthday gift
not expecting all will vanished
i chose this as my birthday gift from sephora
i gave it to my roommate and she loves it.
i chose this as my birthday gift
had no idea about the br
i got this as a birthday gift
this has helped it instantly
shelled out the cash to get the bottle
i just purchased my second jar as it is now a staple in my regimen
this is the only one that has actually worked
i went to sephora by my house i told the lady i wanted something to remove acne marks
she suggested this product
wow this stuff worked it calmed allot of my acne down
i enjoyed the products
i am now a loyal fan for life!
my 50 year old boyfriend's co-worker was distant with him for months thinking he had robbed the cradle
the lady at sephora told me it will last for 6 months
begged the lady in the skin care department for help
she told me to try this
my search for the perfect cleanser ended when i discovered this product 2 years ago
this face wash was recommended by a friend.
just repurchased this product for the 3rd time.
the sephora beauty advisor kept trying to sell me on this cleanser
this one is a keeper
the lady told me to only use it 2 x a week
after suffering from acne for 10+ years
even at this price point i've repurchased a dozen times
my sister secretly used it while i had it
just bought this the other day at my local sephora
just repurchased this for the 3rd time- i swear by this exfoliator
i would recommend it to a friend
bought it because i was running out of cleaner
i used this for the first time when staying with her friend
found it in her shower stash
i immediately bought a bottle for myself
i received this product as part of the clarins 7 wonders gift set
just got it recently
i got this as a beauty insider gift
i recently switched from the lancome exfoliance exfoliator
my skin was a disaster 4 years ago.
it really saved my skin.
it was like a spell had been cast on my skin my this cleanser
i just bought this gel
my mother has stopped asking me how exhausted i am
my sister-in-law
i did a consult with clarins at the mall
this is the 4th tube that i ordered.
the sales associate recommended this to me for my dark circles
think i am 20 years younger than i am
that something actually worked
nothing has worked as well as this
she's in her mid 50's
i on a whim bought this and wow!
as i had received another br
plus i have found a drugstore br
that worked almost as well before
unfortunately that was discontinued
started using eye cream at age 18
i found that the lancome
found this gem from clarins
granted i am only 21 years old
my mom had this eye cream in the cabinet
this has helped a lot
this product has worked magic on my skin
she asked this one as mother's day gift
she made my day :
that is when i was introduced to this product
i even use it on my 3 year old son after he gets out of the bath
father and son agree, good product.
the other is clinic
a friend recommended this clarins product
i actually bought this for my mother who is 71 years old
told me it was a miracle cream
now i know what to get her for her birthday
this, according to my mom, is a miracle cream.
i never thought i'd see a lightening of my hereditary
i recently turned 40, although i look around 32.
what i found was this eye product!
out-performs literally dozens of eye treatment products i have bought over the years
my sister uses it as a mask
it has seriously changed my life
this product is a miracle worker all in one.
every friend that i get to use this
this was my 1st product bought in france 30 years ago
i do not remember an old lady fragrance with clarins that several reviews talked about
it was one of my mother's go-to products.
i am in mid-forties
don't know how i survived previous winters with it
immediately reordered once it was gone
now have fallen in love
has earned a permanent place in my vanity
when i first purchased this balm
i just bought another feed 40 kit
i am a 45 year old single working mom with very little time
i've neglected my skin for about a year
today my boss who has amazing skin herself said i was glowing
my friend also told me that this is a great primer
my friend loves it
i originally went to sephora to buy the beauty flash for the eye area
just bought this cleanser yesterday
this has seriously helped!
have purchased a couple tubes that have separated
this cleanser has really lived up to my expectations
have been using it loyally for a few months
i am 22 years old
it worked so well
i've had acne for 20 years.
the day i hit my 30th birthday i started having cystic acne
this isn't a miracle worker
i am 34 years old
i actually had a 21 year old kid ask me out
had 2 kids he thought i was 25
which is surprising because i'm a pimply teen
a friend recommended this product
this product has helped me.
i am a teen so acne of course has its bad times
i recommend this product to every teen who has acne
the sephora gal gave me samples to last a week
my teenage son uses it too and likes it too.
my son has had horrible skin.
he was laughing as he said it
i recently purchased this cleanser after hearing great things about this line from friends
partying is part of my schedule
so finally invested in some professional facewash after my drugstore br
boy was i wrong
this stuff saved it
a beauty advisor actually came up to me
my last jar was purchased in april
i just purchased another one during the vib sale
i've already purchased my second jar.
the sephora gal gave me samples to last a week
the sephora gal gave me samples to last a week
thanks to the store consultant for recommending it
i started off with clinique as a teen
suffer with adult acne for 20 years
this product works really well my 20 yr old daughter noticed results on me right away
this is a miracle worker
pore effect was not rejected
saves my skin after my first ever severe sum burn
my whole family recently enjoyed this product after a long day at the river
luckily i was recommended this product
for our northern friends
a cast member put some of this
this is the recommendation i got from a sephora salesperson
i wish i have bought this earlier.
she talked me into purchasing this product.
i got pretty burnt recenty
my boyfriend also likes it.
or when i'm on vacation
the sales associate recommended this product
i am a 24 years old student
i recently bought a bottle
also purchased another bottle after i got home
this product saved the day
this was a purchase for my husb
using old family remedies
funny enough my boyfriend introduced me to this product a couple of years ago on our first vacation
its smell i now associate with summer
the girl in my sephora immediately pointed me towards this product
it has saved me numerous times from what would have been painful sunburns
it has worked so well for me!
this woman suggested i put this on
have never gotten burned
one day while shopping at sephora i was talking about my outbreaks
the lady recommended this
a friend told me about this stuff.
this saved my skin
my 9 year old son got too much sun one day
i recently went to the beach in florida
it was used on my trip to the dominican recently
this cream has been a life saver for me.
none have worked except this one
my only complaint is the smell
one of the sephora makeup artist tried this on me
something which i was beginning to believe was an urban legend
took it with me to denver recently
received this gem and immediately bought a jar!
ter is coveted for being a wonder ingredient for any ailment your skin has
have been told my skin looks at least 10 years younger
upon visiting her this weekend
this product actually worked better than the medication that my doctor prescribed
waited until christmas for a gift card
recently i went to colorado
i am 61 years young.
i heard about this moisturizer from a friend
i just bought one from lancome as it has 30 spf.
i recently purchased my second jar
i first purchased this last winter
a lady at sephora recommended this product
its everything i dreamed of~
nothing has worked--until i found this
or those in the southwest us
i just bought this face cream
my order was denied becausethis was out of stock
this girl loves it
he is an outdoors person
bought this for my boyfriend because his h
a girl could definitely wear this.
this worked wonders compared to my bath
bought this for my husb
all the girls asked me for my number
i rejected all of them
working in the garden
i found this one
i asked him what he liked about it compared to his drugstore br
pains after the gym
it was "appropriated" by my 19 year old
he actually thanked me for buying this
i bless the day , a sales associate recommended .
the saleslady suggested this product
my entire face looked years younger
as a 35 year old, i couldn't ask for more.
this product has really saved my skin
the combination of products worked wonders for me
partially chose this for 30 spf
it was the first time the beautician actually spotted that my skin was combination
the beautician told me that my skin was so fantastic that i did not need a facial
as of a year ago i started getting adult acne-lovely
i actually bought this hoping to address my acne scars
it became part of my daily routine
searching for "the one
this was recommended to me by a beauty advisor
a funny thing is i loaned this cleanser to my mother when we were traveling together
i initially bought it for myself
one of the sephora employees guided me towards murad
meet the martha the murad rep she changed my skin
he is now a lifelong customer.
my boyfriend treated me to a shopping day at sephora
thought he found it with this
my 17 yr old son likes this
purchased it as a gift for my boyfriend
was previously a sun worshiper
recently switched from clinique
i am 39 years old
the sephora consultant persuaded me to try it on at the store
one of the sephora skin care ladies introduced me to this br
so the sales associate recommended this
as recommended by a sephora employee
i tried this on a whim when a company rep showed it to me
the skin care specialist at sephora recommended it to me
the woman that wrote that it has a bad smell
it has already paid for itself
the lady recommended this br
the girl at the arrowhead
reallyl like this product seems to help the aging skin of a 46 year old female like myself
have even been to the dermatologist
i can honestly say that as a full time working mom at almost 37 years old with 2 small children at home
the sephora associate who sold it to me said it would
this has been a winner for me
i just bought this yesterday
it has delivered so far
a sephora associate pointed me to this br
a co-worker said i look half asleep
learned two things: this product works!
in fact i have purchased this product as a gift for my mother
this was recommeded to me by a sephora employee
a sephora girl suggested this product to me
i repurchased another one
when that was done
spoke to one of the girls about which eye cream she recommended
this product was recommended to me from one of the sales girls at the store
partly due to the fact that i am a stomach sleeper
now i'm using it with my newborn
this cream was recommended as a solution for me by sephora consultant
after recommendation of my beautician
she swears by it
the secret is to wear it at night i think
i am sold on this product.
the only problem i encounter is it pills?
this is not a miracle worker
he confiscated my jar of the cream
became obsessed with wrinkles
this is what the sales girl recommended
it speaks volumes when both my mother
since i've started working nights
i quickly purchased it
i ordered a lot of beauty products over the holidays
has aged around his eyes loved it
i would recommend this cream to friends
my doctor even once suggested that it was eczema.
murad has been a step-up.
at 20 years old i'm fairly young to be having any wrinkles around my eyes
before i discovered this eye cream
for a few years i have dabbled in eye creams especially
as people have stated
nothing is going to make a 40 year old look 20
i just had a baby
haven't slept in a week
my mom was using this product
i look 10 yrs younger
what i found was murad's resurgence renewing eye cream
none worked nearly as well as this!
my mother bought this for me since i always complain about my dark circles under my eyes
wish i started using it years ago.
" i tried murad's resurgence renewing eye cream
thanks for the assistance i received in the store
i went to my local sephora store
ever since i had use this eye cream for over 8 yrs
recently i have been sleeping very late
my dark circles vanished after 2 days of use.
my boyfriend has combination skin
i live on the east coast
i used it for the first time when my guy friend was in town visiting
i am a woman using this product
purchased this for my husb
a friend of mine gave me some anthony samples because she knows this home boy is poor
who secretly uses my eye cream
happened to use this cause a boyfriend had it
lives up to its description.
this product was a gift i got
it peaked my interest
tell my friends about it
i've now repurchased it three times
having only recently forayed beyond just using face wash
a lady working at sephora recommended that i give it a try
i got my sister hooked to it
bought this while in vancouver for the weekend
it ate up my dead skin
i went to the sephora store with my mom
i recently began using prescription strength retin-a cream
as a mom of a two year old
the only mask i've ever repurchased.
i just purchased my 4th
after one use i was addicted.
a friend has also used it twice
this product lives up to its name.
this product lives up to its name.
the title says it all.
if it lasts as long as the saleslady says
years ago the consultant from the ptroth website encourged me to try this cream because my skin was so sensitive
i liked the way it worked
living in the desert
believe me i have spent a fortune on them
it was recommended for my by sephora
i am an older client
i am 40 years old
young my face looks
i changed my mind
my friend came to visit just after one week of using
i actually bought this creme for my girlfriend.
bought this for my mom
recently started breaking out for reasons unknown to me
none worked as well as this
it worked like a charm.
have been buying it for years
first, i'm an eye cream junkie by necessity.
bought the mega rich
with that being said
someone once asked me what "secret product" i used :
i noticed a difference when i stopped using it for something cheaper at the drugstore
my mom even noticed
someone in the store suggested this
people mistake me for a teenager.
this is a dream product!
the heater in the house being on
i just bought the eye cream
then i tried this eye cream as a recommendation from a sephora associate
i coudln't find anything that worked
until i discovered this
the clerk at sephora recommended it to me
none of them ever worked
i am 31 years old
had been using drug store br
my eyes look younger.
i am so sold on this line.
i found this product by accident
this is the first eye creme i have purchased
i am 50 years old
does the trick for 46 year old me!
i started using this on my 33rd birthday when a friend suggested i was starting to look like i was in my 30s
my 16 year old daughter raves about this.
it has become a staple to my morning
a sephora employee suggested me to try this product
i couldn't be happier with her purchase
bought my 2nd jar today.
apparently my face was a lot dryer than i thought
where has this moisturizer been hiding my whole life?
had never started wearing moisturizer
i've bought this moisturizer three times
i initially balked at the price
bought the jar the same day
i went overseas this summer
boy did it work wonders
this was recommended 2 yrs ago as a way to help balance the oily
this was the first moisturizer recommended by the sales associate
it worked like magic
i recently tried out a different moisturizer
i am an older woman
when i was leaving a nurse
i am 62 yrs old
i just purchased a clarisonic opal to help with my eye are too
since i was a little girl
i am almost 41 years old
my eyes look younger
i've bought this product for 5+ years
i am well into my sixties
my mom has hope in a tube
i am 26 years old
my daughters also use it.
this was my original eyecream purchase many years ago
this has been reformulated from the originial product
any woman over the age of 60 must have this product
use the miracle worker eye cream at night
having received a sample of this i already had an idea of how it worked
which i inherited from my mom
this is the only one which has worked for me
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
i ordered the type 3
my skin has been flawless
one day in high school i raided my gma's cabinet
my mom started buying clinique skin care
i still regularly get carded
even though i've always lived in southern california
until then i am a clinique girl for skin care.
i originally only picked this up because my local sephora was sold out the gel version-- what a great surprise
this one finally worked for me
just bought the soap for this summer
my boyfriend started using this soap
from the drug store
i forgot the name
recently i have found that i am getting a lot of spots
i've had mine since december
my sister used clinique
decided on a whim to try the bar soap
i buy it for my husband, he loves it.
i used clinique when i was younger
suffered with adult acne this soap has hlped all
i buy one for my friend
since i was in 7th grade
this has been one of my holy grail cleansers for the past 20 years
as i grow older
my husband now uses it as well.
this has become my go-to face soap.
an avid skin-picker
asked why it wasnt working
i buy this product for my husband.
got this as a gift for my boyfriend
i introduced him to this face care line
i’ve been bringing all types of skin care products from sephora for my 47-year old husb
i recently purchased this moisturizer for my husb
i got this for my boyfriend
though he reluctantly uses it
the scrub for a friend
i am 65 years young
the consultant at sephora directed me to the clinique products
are hereditary for me
my eyes look 10-15 years younger now
not bad for a 43 year old.
i am 45 years old
the fine lines have disappeared
i am 55 yrs old.
i recently tried other br
had been using some cheapie drugstore eye cream that was just awful
the product i came into buy from clinique was discontinued so the salesperson suggested i yru this
my sisters use it
purchased it with me
his problem was bags and circles.
she never splurges on herself
bought this product along with a moisturizer for my man
buy it for your man!
i got this for my fiance as part of his birthday gift
who has problems with his skin
the other men's clinique products for my teenage son
his skin type was oiley
he said he loves his b-day presents!
my husband loves the way this product works.
my brother likes this product
he asked me to buy this
it worked wonders for me
he has been recommending it to a lot of his friends
i am 52, been told i look younger.
took to the internet to find how to purchase because i had not found in the stores in the mall
i've long since divorced the br
repurchased ever since discovered couple years ago
recently weaned myself off proactive after using it for 15 years
oh also the packaging is different than pictured.
and i have loved this for years.
love this cleanser so much i got my sister
re-purchased, and now a holy grail product.
my friend had gotten a job at clinique
this product has saved my face
i love clinique products they saved me from embarrassment
my mom has been using this face wash for years
my skin has been a mess
since i was already a fan of the clinique gel moisturizer i thought that i would give this a shot
so a girl at sephora recommended this eye cream to me
i just bought myself one
it immediately became a cult-classic in my makeup bag
i never paid attention when i applied my foundation on my eyelids
my eyes are moisturizered and firm.
i first bought this in high school as part of a bundle for my mom
never bought another one
at least not not my 50 year old wrinkles
it has been a lifesaver
the sephora associate that helped me out praised this product
i only recently had to step it up.
as i get older
my friend was arguing with me saying that it was a photoshopped image
has worked outside all his life
although he always wore a hat
for his 65 birthday i gave him this cleanser
my boyfriend changed jobs earlier this year
bought this for my husband.
he is a pilot in the military
bought this for him
now he is hooked
bought this for my husband.
he rides his bike to work everyday
purchased this one with the added spf
i brought home this lotion for my husband to try.
it wasn’t a bad product according to him
bought this for my boyfriend last year
my 19 year old son has been using this lotion for 5 years
he's been using it voluntarily everyday since then
i originally bought this for my brother for christmas
ordered this for my husb
bought for my boyfriend
he claimed everything he's used on his skin
my husband uses this daily.
my husband has used for years.
the other men's clinique products for my teenage son
i’ve been bringing all types of skin care products from sephora for my 47-year old husb
i got this for my boyfriend who had never used a moisturizer in his lifetime
wanted my boyfriend to start using it as well
this is a repeat purchase for my dad.
he works in construction
i am a young male who had moderate acne
i started buying this for my husb
my husband is not a "product" man.
before we married he was using body lotion from the market on his face
has been hooked ever since
my husband uses this and loves it.
bought this with the deluxe shave kit.
i discovered this one via a travel size i snagged
my boyfriend also likes it
this stuff has saved my life!
i started using this moisturizer in my freshman year of high school
the woman told me that i was overdrying my skin with acne products
it worked like a charm
i replaced my old lotion with this one after just one use
this is money well spent
it has never irritated me
nothing worked as well as this
this is the first clinique product i have ever purchased
as it has been my personal savior in my skin care routine
a friend recommended it to me.
bought it on a whim and fell in love.
until i found this gem
this worked really well for me during the summer months
this product worked for me
this one i have been mooching off samples for about a year
fresh* products are my "pretty girl day" products
i received this in my playbox
bought this 2 weeks ago
that i've been eyeing for months
this is a life saver for someone who has dryer skin
i finally splurged and bought the big size.
my fiance noticed the different in the stress lines
i first got this product as a sample from the birthday gift last year
i went into my local mall this weekend in search of a new face mask
i got this for the birthday present last year
i originally got this as a part of the sephora 2016 birthday gift
i got this for my birthday last year
from the 2016 birthday gift set
i just had a baby
i loved it so much that i just recently purchased it
it has an acquired smell but i love it.
the title says it all.
i received this as a birthday gift along with the cleanser
when i got a tester size for this as a birthday gift from sephora
i immediately loved it
which was my birthday gift
got it as a birthday sample last year.
was given a sample by a friend who was definitely decluttering her beauty kit
i originally received the rose face mask as a birthday gift at sephora
i originally purchased it because of the spf 30
a fondness for lancome products in general
this exceeded my expectations
my mom used to use lancome religiously
my sister who has normal skin tried this
as said in title
my mom and i have both been using it.
my mom has been a long time lover of lancome moisturizers
no one has ever guessed her to be older than 46
my daughter paid for a facial from a lancome visiting artis at our local department store
re-married 8 years ago
pressed or worked into my face
this one is a keeper.
so after unsucessfully trying another drugstore br
i splurged on this product
i only have one complaint
finally, this has worked very well.
lancome has been a favorite of mine for years!
this lotion has been a staple of mine for years now
bought his more for him to travel with
he loved it as precious!
bought this for my boyfriend
nothing has worked as well.
his skin rash is gone and he is addicted.
co-workers commented on how my skin looked smooth
however, he likes it when he remembers to use it.
i've shopped at sephora for years
my brother loves this brand.
it is the only one i willl use- i originally bought it for my husb
i recently had an irritation in my eyes
not like my face has been stripped
recently purchased the cleansing milk
i just recently repurchased
this product has worked for me.
this one is a keeper
switched from miracle worker
this has helped a lot
i stopped hearing that comment
i am approaching 35 years old
i am 47 years old.
my fiance wears it too
the small amount i had worked well
makes them look 15 years younger
i tried this one out and it worked like a charm.
an associate recommended this product
something that never happened with the old bottle
i already tried this product when i lived in geneva
i first purchased this cleanser when i was backpacking last year
thank goodness for the pharmacist who recommended me the travel size cleanser because i fell in love after the first use
switched to this cleanser about a year ago
i recently found a similar
my skin has transformed
have to use the old one
tried this on a whim as i have a lot of caudalie products
my husband and i use it daily !!
this cleanser was a blessing!
this is the one cleanser i've repurchased over
a beauty advisor recommended i try this
the associate recommended this face wash.
his 19 yr old daughter had also started using it
its a winner for the whole family.
it had been everything i wanted in a cleanser
my girlfriend tried the super mild
my boyfriend is also a secret lover of this face wash
my sister always had travel size ones on vacation that i would use when i forgot to bring my own facewash
my mom has been using clinique for years
my skin has never been the same
i decided to use some of my old cleanser i had left
since i was 14 years old
kept it in my cabinet
as i've gotten older adult acne has kicked in
i got a facial recently
this product has actually saved my life!!
it is a staple in my kit
the formula has recently changed
one of my concerns was my
my makeup artist suggested this
as she was applying it to my face
i recently bought this for my mom.
until i discovered this product this year
i even worked out with it on
this is how i put mine on:
after one of sephora's associates finally understood how bad my problem was
still prefer the old one
i even worked out
until this product was recommended
i tried my luck with several
this was recommended by a sephora associate.
said that she switched over to this br
confirmed that i was not crazy
this was recommended to me by a sephora salesperson
i seriously felt like "who is that girl?"
it had been 11 hours since i had washed my face
i just bought my 3rd bottle.
this is a miracle in my book.
after using a store bought cleanser
i ordered this recently
this product has been discontinued at my local sephora store in los angeles =-
i started using it when i was pregnant thanks to an esthetician's recommendation
initially bought the hydra pure cream
three times that i have bought it
i recently noticed two fine lines under my eyes
bought this upon recommendation at the sephora store
used to buy it when i was young.
bought it again recently on the vib rouge sale
which is the sister cleanser of this one
boy i was wrong
has saved my skin
it has worked wonders for me.
she loved it more than her clinique
bought this at the recommendation of a sephora sales associate
i would die if they discontinued it.
korres has surpassed my expectations beyond anything
my sister owns a spa
been using for about 3 mths
a friend gave me this to try 2 years ago
this serum lived up to all of its claims
my only complaint is the scent
all of my siblings are asking me what i've been using- even my husb
the employee sold me with her story of her use of the serum
i am replacing it with korres
i am thoroughly won-over it's been 3 days
this is my little secret
tried it while visiting her in ny
i only "discovered" the br
since i went into menopause
the salesperson recommended this product
in fact korres hooked me with this one product.
i am more of a natural girl /gardener than an expert on beauty products
i am my mid thirties
my skin feels firm
my friend recommended this to me
since i have added this to my regimen
which i thought were a permanent fixture on my face
for the last 5 years have been devoted to bare escentuals
on the advice of a friend
on a whim i tried this line...amazing!
bummed when if became unavailable in-store
i got this as the set for my mother in law for her birthday
burned mine like the dickens.
work at sephora skin care consultant is my title
i received this moisturizer in my cancer kit when i was first diagnosed
recommending it ever since
i lent some to my mom, and she loves it to!
just went on my yearly exam with my dermatologist
the only downfall to this product is the perfume sent
have repurchased it since
i've never owned any lancôme products
as a skin cancer survivor
i've always returned to this product
i'll keep buying this for my summers!
i finally bought this stuff
i've used this as a moisturizer since i was a teenager
like when i was a teenager :
my sis recommended it to me since i was having no luck
it came with recommendations from a friend
he has trouble with adult acne
my face is addicted
i am 36 years old
i am 36 years old
i am sold for life!
when they took my makeup off she thought i was having an allergic reaction
we talked about my issues with sensitivity
i cringed at the price
this moisturizer has been with me for years
so glad i was talked into purchasing this years ago
maybe the jar is old??
had a full hysterectomy at 33
this pic was taken in 2016.
my mother introduced it to me as she uses the entire absolue line
when they took my makeup off she thought i was having an allergic reaction
we talked about my issues with sensitivity
i cringed at the price
my mom is the one who use this
lancome skin care for years
the delivery was as indicated
i got it for my dad
i am 48 years old
made in a monastery by monks" has something to do with it
the two have become my secret weapon
decided to buy the gift set that included the elixir
bought this during the 20% vib sale
my friend is probably a bigger cosmetic junkie than i am
i recently ran out
it worked like a dream
on a whim, i tried this and i'm a convert.
i initially bought this because it could be wiped off
as that is my lifelong habit
've been using the cleansing milk religiously for about 2 years now
instead i will stick to the facts: i am 52 years old
my sister prefers the wrinkleresist24 lotion that they also have
there's a reason this company is over 200 years old
the money wasted is another story
my previous moisturizer had been discontinued
the beauty technician in sephora took me to this
first bought the powder from a recommendation from a friend
after my aunt told me about shisedo
my dryness has disappeared
am trying to convince my twin sister she has to buy this cream
you are never to old or young to try a new product
never stopped using this after i discovered it
have loved it since
was suggested this cream
i splurged on this little bottle and i love it.
this product has been added to my skin regiment as i experienced a harsh winter this year
so as a black woman
this cream worked wonders
a coworker complimented me on my skin
i recently went to my gyn for an annual checkup
because i am 63 years old and have tried it all.
i just recently tried the night cream
my mum like it.
my mum likes it.
i initially bought this product for my mother for anti-wrinkle
my acne seemed to have disappeared somehow
have just ordered a cream foundation in this br
i recommended this product to all of my friends
my boyfriend has already made some comments in the morning about how smooth my face looks
just in the winter when i was younger
seeked out this cream
it worked instantly, no more rash!
recommended to co workers and friends.
or its sister product
ever since i chose this
would recommend this to a friend
just one item in my shiseido regiment.
i assumed it was kind of a gimmick.
my skin was transformed
so did my sister
it's taken me years
my friend's mother used this line until she was eighty
i noticed recently fine lines
she tentatively recommended this cream because i was in my 20s
took it with me when i visited family for the holidays
recently it started causing irritation
purchased this cream online
i suddenly noticed that couple milia i had for years magically disappeared
the past 10 years i've been obsessed with eye creams
so have my friends
several friends have commented on the dissapearence of my lines
this has been my go to
its not a miracle worker
i am a 27 year old with no wrinkles
my mom is 53 years old
this literally made me look 10 years younger.
thanks to the sephora sales associate
after years of searching for an eye cream that actually works
now i found this
i am 20 years old
they were that damaged
the last purchase being this one
i worked for shiseido for two years
would tug at it
i found them especially helpful in that grueling first month with my newborn
when she applied it
also it has a plesent smell.
mpressed that i've been buying them ever since
it has worked well in the summer
it has also worked well in the winter
i originally bought this for after the gym
i tried another well-known br
while camping this summer
i made my 14year old boy use it becuase he has dry skin
it is very short lived
have already repurchased the product as first bottle is almost done
a friend bought this for me for christmas
i am at 19 to 25 age range.
i am 49 years old
my daughter introduced me to this product
everyone in my family uses it too: my tween daughter
as i was in my teens
my friend recommended it to me.
i live in the desert southwest
i've started using this moisturizer for years since i was about 14 years old
this stuff has saved me!
i only wish i would have known about this in my teen
as i believe others have described
my sister introduced me to this and i love it!
this product i found in drug mart
we've been married since it first came out-- maybe the 90s?
it also has cleared up any pimples i had previously
every time i bump into some old friends i haven't seen in a while
i developed adult on-set acne
a dear friend at my local sephora suggested this product
my friend kept trying to make me use different moisturizers
we went to the gift shop
the acne has almost disappeared
i received this product when i worked at a makeup store from my manager who said it was good for oily skin--
this is the original
i recently fell in love with shiseido products
i'll be repurchasing it for years :p
i am still young
this item was suggested to me
i've never used the revitalizing cream
this worked almost immediately
i believe someone already mentioned it was "old lady-esque"
have a five month old daughter
all of the ones that each sephora associate has recommended for me
i am sold for life on this product
agree the scent is "old fashioned"
my 56 year old face looked like it aged 10 yrs
have gotten compliments on my skin for years
continues to perform with my ski after 3 years of use
even my fiance noticed the difference
i am getting older
however the manager in-store was not pleasant
the formula of benefiance day emulsion has recently changed
my mother started using this product
as i got older
the only thing i don't love is the old-lady packaging
great product- bought this for my mom who has been using this for years
if this cream were a student
so my girlfriend suggested i try her cream
from my female friends
just bought another one for her
my mom has been usin' it since i was a lil' kid
this cream has worked wonders
she has loved her results as well
i believe i have found it
the later is so luxurious.
it has worked better than my 100$ face serums i have been using for years
they've always worked well
sister actually got me into this product
eventually bought it because it worked so well
my money was well spent
fyi i have recently
joined the 45-54 age group
my face has never been so clear & firm.
my heart belongs to this one
as a young child in 80s-early 90s
beauty counter sales people do not like being paid in waitress all $1 tip money
my sister "borrowed" the rest of tube
her philosophy was that i hade a new order coming
the problem is that after three years of using this beloved product
i got my sister hooked too.
my lotion had disappeared
the title says it all!
i just bought it the other day
bought this one since i am out of moisturizer
as i got older
my friend also use this line
a high end product guinea pig for a friend who writes about products for a local magazine
've been more diligent in my cleaning regimen
it has paid off
my friend used it for two years before there was a notable difference in her dark spots
i am only 37 years old
i even had a male co-worker comment that my skin looked great
in spite of being a former smoker
this cream has been a saviour
gifted by my aunt
i've repurchased this many times.
thumbs up from this girl.
never had any allergic reactions with it.
have repurchased many times over
tender someone suggested this
i am 20 years old
i've never found an eye cream that's wowed me.
my eyes look older
this is the 3rd time i've re-purchased it
including when i was using products suggested by my dermatologist
when i spoke to the ren representative at the sephora store
i recently switched to this cleanser.
a lady that works there recommended ren.
i've fallen in love with it
was recommended this product
it has became my go-to cleanser
i knew i was addicted
originally went into sephora to buy jurlique
the sales lady recommended this to me
i started suffering acne in my mid 20's which has now resolved
working all day in an office i am exposed to recycled air
it also worked well without the clarisonic
was originally hesitant about this product
this product was recommened by sephora when i took the online beauty consultation
my skin has never been happier
got the trial kit
this was a life saver for me!
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
my sisters are hooked on it too after trying mine
the name says it all my skin is evercalm.
i am addicted now.
it was sold out every time i tried to buy it
i already loved ren's ever-calm line
i wish i had found this a long time ago.
nothing worked until i found evercalm
a friend had raved about this product line in the past
as it is called
first of all i was surprised that the cleanser was vegan
i survived a windy winter day of holiday shopping
my skin has never been happier!
my 4th time repurchasing this.
they have worked wonders on me
i recently bought a clarisonic plus
the clay cleanser worked very well at first
bought it any way
my 14 year old daughter has very sensitive skin
the regular teen acne
just as the title says
lots of compliments from friends i haven't seen in years
i first bought cliniques depuffer massager
took years off my already young life!
this product has not been discontinued
work as an attorney
i've toyed with the idea of having an eyelift
even if i stayed all night studying
my boyfriend started working overnight
this gel has been my personal miracle
the product was suggested by one of the store clerks
i love the store clerks in my store
the pump needs to be worked on though
i am a grad student
i lived with dark circles
most of it i have my father to thank for.
they are hereditary in my family
i tried this product on a whim
this night cream has become one of my fav's.
youth as directed by bliss
both husband & i love this night time face cream.
after i had my baby
i live in the northeast
i originaly got a trial size of this.
this is the only moisturizer that has won me over
my boyfriend always complained about how unpleasant the smell was
have deducted one star
worked well with my combination skin
the pump worked for me the entire time i had it
this one is a keeper
then bought it as a special treat for my mother
i am getting close to 60 years old
my mom said i look ten years younger!!
i've recently fallen in love with ren
it seriously has worked wonders
i loved it, it calmed my skin.
my sister loves it more than me
my recent purchase of this product was for her.
bought this for my 14-year-old.
even doctor prescriptions were not helping her skin
i could've sworn that two years ago the bottle i got was bigger than the one i ordered this time
the old bottles should come back
this product has saved my skin from the r
recently the packaging changed to a glass pump
i tried everything: switching birth controls
it has worked perfectly
all of my acne has vanished
it has been the miracle product i've been in desperate need of
my coworker recommended this product to me after our shift at sephora
now the packaging has changed
opposed to 7 with the original bottle.
dermadoctor please go back to the old packaging.
it worked like a charm
i finally found dermadoctor's ain't misbehaving
the only thing that really worked was birth control
now that i've gone off of my birth control
my girl got the juice baby
this has changed my life
old cysts that i thought were long gone
had a horrible case of adult acne earlier this year
my skin paid the price
it has saved me on numerous occassions.
it works it works it works
i decided a few years back to forgo hormonal birth control
went through all of my teenage years with no acne what so ever
spent hundreds upon hundreds of dollars on facials
i tried this product on a whim almost solely because the sales associate kept harassing me about it
spent hundreds of dollars with dermatologist
how quickly it worked
i recently had the worst breakout in years since i stopped taking my birth control pills
i searched on the sephora website
stumbled upon dermadoctor because i thought the packaging was adorable
this saved my skin!
this product has changed my life!
this product has changed my life!
i've finally discovered something that works
the lady at sephora recommended this to me
i am 20 years old.
nothing ever worked for me until i was told to try this product
never in 26 yrs of life have i ever suffered with acne
have been suffering with acne since i was a teenager
visiting the dermatologist numerous times
an employee recommended this
this stuff has worked so quickly in the last 3ish weeks
i visited sephora near by
after suffering with adult acne for many years
to my dismay it was discontinued.
that has worked well for me.
i am 38 years old
have had adult acne the last 10+ years
none have worked like the ain't misbehavin'
i am wearing no makeup around my boyfriend
my friend told me about it
one of the ladies there sold me on this
this is one of the only products i've owned
4- 5 months now, my skin has never been happier.
the couple times i've forgotten
this wash has been a new friend i have been using it for 1 week
the skin consultant said that this br
struggled with acne all my life
i discovered this product 2 years ago
haven't purchased any other spot treatment since
it works wonders overnight.
nothing has worked for me
it has completely disappeared
i visited my local sephora store
the gal who helped me suggested this
leann at the barton creek location told me about this product
i am now a loyal fan!
one of the cast mates recommended this
nothing worked, until i met dermadoctor.
i trust her with products
the associate recommended this product instead.
i am 26 years old
have had problems w acne since my teens
none have worked for me
one just recently changed to this one
the girl recommend this at sephora is truly my savior
have never regretted my purchase
have saved my skin
i worked as a derm asst for years
it has changed my life.
have been told by the salesman to only use at night
i tried everything from medication to murad
when i discovered this product
my skin was new
i also bought the acne cleanser by dermadoctor per her suggestion
a helpful staffer asked about my needs
uncooperative part of my cycle each month
it did help my adult acne.
it worked well on my jaw-line acne
my skin apparently decided to go through puberty at the age of 24
once it started working
it has worked wonders
this was suggested to me
then i have to reapply
i am 30 years old
this product saved me.
my 14 year old son started using too with good results
nothing i have tried has worked as well
i ordered 4 years ago on mini-trials
used to have acne as a teen
i wish 16 year old me had ahold of this!!
a sephora rep taught me this regime years ago
i never had teenage acne
my boyfriend even uses it
i am a firm believer!
i returned my old products
i couldn't believe it as a grown woman
a friend suggested this cleanser
it stopped my acne
this product has changed my world
this face wash was recommended to me from a friend who said her skin cleared up since using it
only recently tried it as a mask
recently my skin was going through a pimply phase
i originally bought this as a gift
it transformed my skin!
reccomdations i has to for this
figured it had to be this new product i brought in my regimen
my skin felt released
this is heaven sent
i wish i would've found this earlier.
have recommended it to my friends who made the switch
it has worked well for me
i also started drinking only water
i received this as part of the oily skin sampler that was given out a while ago
never cared for them
i look at least 10 years younger
it's a great overnight fixer.
sold through blue mercury / most department stores
this has been my night moisturizer for years.
this product saved me
this is my stalwart staple that i remain addicted to
don't look 10 years younger
which is an all-time first for having eczema
i recently ordered this through sephora
this was a serendipitous discovery!!
haven't found one that delivered
i found this one and it really worked.
at the recommendation of a friend
it has since disappeared
a saleslady at the clinique counter in lord
i gave it to my mom
i recently updated my skin care regime
recently got rid of my acne
six years of faithfulness and now its gone!!!
i would be devastated if it was ever discontinued
the super rescue lived up to its name
saved my skin this winter
together, they have saved my skin.
was in general a bad actor
i relented and bought another tube of this.
i took this to my dermatologist & she loved it.
they have completely vanished
was recommended at the store to buy this.
i finally saved my $$$ and bought the eye cream.
including one from the dermatologist office
fine lines almost disappeared
i am 55 years old
it was recommended by a sephora employee
this was referred to me by a sephora employee
ever since it was recommended to me by a sephora employee
my friend who works at sephora
i never tout a product as a miracle worker
even wore it to the beach
my mother called it 'angelic' which i have never heard her say
it has exceeded my expectations
am ordering another bottle
a woman who works at sephora suggested this
i originally purchased this as part of an umbrian clay set which included the umbrian clay
this was recommended for me by sephora
the associate recommended this to help
this one works like a dream
i must have surpassed this
i recently got this as part of my clarisonic fresh kit
lancôme has been very kind on my 29 year old skin
my skin has ben in great condition ever since purchasing the clarisonic
the saleswoman told me to use as little as possible :
this is a miracle worker.
on since high school
the only thing that worked for my acne
however this past year killed my skin
bought some cleanser then got online
nothing ever worked for me.
ditched it for like 6 months
this has been my all star combination
i re-purchased it a week ago
i originally purchased this as part of the acne solutions 3-pack
this worked so well for me!!
i initially bought this with the other two
until a friend recommended this line to me
and ever since then, i have loved it.
worked well for my skin
i struggled with acne for about 2 years.
it worked for me
none worked expect this product
i recently ran out
my skin is not thanking me for it
than my neighbor told me about clinique products that have worked for her with her adult acne
i am 44 years old
i started doing a lot of cardio recently
've been having a problem with adult acne
after fighting with acne for years i finally tried the acne solutions 3 step
been using for 3yrs
since i was a teen with this product
started using pharmacy br
an annoying visit to the dermatologist every 4 months
i must tell you that i am sold to clinique since my teen years having seriously sensitive skin
only thing that has ever worked for me!
this has eliminated them before they surfaced
completely forgot about it until recently
killed the cyst completely
i've never had terrible acne until just recently.
who was having some trouble with acne
i got the same prescription from my doctor.
i spent $20 for the appointment
i saved about $13 just by purchasing this product
once acne is gone
like before a party or a wedding :
it burned when i applied it
which one of my friends told me is the secret key to clearing pimples
has always worked immediately
this is my life saver!
i know because i ordered for her
i realized i hadn't tried the clinique line
his birthday is in 2 days
he will have his party
this was a re-purchased item.
for us older women
im a high school student
happened to be walking past sephora
i gave the sample tube to my teenage niece
i've had mine for about a year now
it works as advertised
saw it actually worked
even got my husband using it.
my life has been brought back to somewhat normality
hooray for a product that actually worked!
i got a sample of this for my 16 yr old daughter.
she swears this works
a sephora associate pointed me to this gel
works on female skin
everyone from my boyfriend
murad has a life time customer out of me!
last august in 2016 i used an expired sunscreen on my face
the lady at sephora recommend this to me
it has literally changed my life
it has changed my skin :)
it has worked wonders for me
'm constantly dealing with old
for my skin it has been a miracle
has worked in the past
it's the first thing that has worked on my skin
the sephora girl told me to try this
i found this product
the sephora rep only told me to use it for 6 months at a time
this product was recommended by two of the girls on staff at coconut point sephora
i just bought this product a week ago
this has been the only product that has done wonders for me
found that murad's system has worked best
this product has literally changed my life
i originally bought this for my bf.
boy was she right
have always had flawless skin until recently when my skin started acting up
i tried a lot other products and nothing worked.
i've recently confessed that i'm a pimple picker
these were purchased on sale
i wish i had purchased more
the red marks on my face from old acne are nearly gone
i've bought it for 3 months now
about two years ago i had a bout with adult acne
bought the whole bottle for $60
i could see it working on my old ones as well
it worked for me
i neglected it after a month
this product was recommended to my at a sephora store
this is the only thing that worked!
my husband purchased this and uses them everyday.
much to my mother's chagrin
have purchased this product in the past
even my father loves them!
has been using soap
boyfriend recommended this one because i was getting acne
he came out of the bathroom looking 7 years younger
not that he looked old to start with
of pads since he was a teenager
bought this as a present for my roommate.
my husband bought this for him and he loves it!!
bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
even with my college student budget
that is a killer deal!
who had been introduced to these by her brother
suggested them to our teen
although apparently our teen has been using them mid-afternoon
none exterior treatment has ever worked so great for him
says his face feels more firm
as i already mentioned
one in my desk drawer
i then bought the night cream
my boyfriend also noticed a difference.
i wish i would have discovered them years ago.
the smell assaulted my eyes
when i use it religiously
my stepsister just moved out of the house
in that stash was the vinoperfect system.
get carded all the time when i go to our mall
used it a week before my wedding
the consultant recommended the vinoperfect line of products
i've purchased this product 3 times
i recommended it to my mom
this product is a keeper
this has transformed my skin.
i think it has kept my skin feeling firm
it has not broken out or been irritated by this product
the true test of how effective this product has been for me: one of my best friends that i have known since high school told me recently that she was jealous because while i've always aged well
i shared my new secret with her
the employee recommended this.. love love love!
i've had friends buy it after they have seen the difference it made in my skin
people say i haven't aged a day
my skin looks firm
this is my 3rd jar in as many years!
i exchanged it for another at the local store-
started menopause at age 32
my friends have noticed the results
have asked me for my secret
brands i have tried.
spfs are like a death sentence to me
i lived in az for 11 years
i've tried everything from the pharmacy br
bought a jar of the night cream
i've had mine for about 3 months now
have changed all my skin care to this br
this is the 3rd time i've purchased this night cream
people were making comments about how young i was looking
asking what my secret was
i am 53 years old and take good care of my skin.
ive been using this bar since freshmen year of high school
this saved me from outbreaks
in fact bought one for my wife as a gift
this soap has been a god-send!
my siblings all suffer from it
thank god mine is not severe
it worked wonders thru cystic acne in my pregnancy when i first began using it
switched to several bar soaps from sephora
i finally discovered the acne solutions line
after discovering this bar of soap
i've suffered from body acne since junior high
at 35 years old i still get acne around my cycle.
my boyfriend tried the product too.
i only just bought this and i love it.
as my skin has changed
i love that it comes it the caddy to protect it.
i originally purchased this same product
teenage for "i like the soap!"
this is a miracle bar
ever since i was a teen i've struggled with acne
where has this soap been all my life?
bar lasted me like 2yrs as i keep it stored in its case
the sales associate asked if i had considered the bar?
became progressively worth through my teen years
in my junior year of high school
going into my senior year of college
i clicked on her link to the clinique website
it worked well for that
my bacne has been an annoyance since my teen years so this soap has been wonderful in the minimizing of bacne especially during the hot summer months
since it is a bar
i just recently started to use the acne solutions system
my old regimen just stopped working
disappearance of the blemishes after 2weeks
i've already purchased my second bottle
my sister actually bought this and gave it to me.
i made my boyfriend use this
this is a keeper for me
nothing has worked like this one
my skin has been acne ridden
the girl at sephora told me to try this
the consultant in the skin section introduced me to boscia
as a person who neglected good skin care when younger
i am 22 years old
i recently got off of my birth control pill
i've tried almost every drugstore br
a friend of mine has been using the product
i recently changed my birth control
i received this cleanser in a gift basket that included a clarisonic
i loved it so much i recently purchased it after my first bottle ran out
i discovered boscia when i was pregnant
bought this for my hubby as he has issues with blackheads
i love this cleanser it was recommended by a sephora employee
i am officially hooked!
picked this on a whim
i should have bought another
so far it has delivered
it works like a dream :
i just recently bought a bottle
it has reduced mine a bit
the woman in the store recommended this after i explained what i wanted
so this boscia product was not one that worked for me
she recommended me this
i recently found this product
while at a sephora a beauty consultant recommended this product
have been a diehard user for a year
while on vacation i visited a sephora store to buy some blinc mascara
two days my teen son and teen daughter used this.
worked well for me on my acne prone adult skin
the girl who helped me suggested i use it as an all over treatment
since this is working well
my youngest tells us that this is a great treatment
have been dealing with adult acne for years
it worked so quickly
so far working as described (almost 3 weeks now).
a sales associate recommended this to me since nothing else has worked
this wash saved me.
packaging has changed a bit
i tried this after a consultant at the clinique counter realized my acne wasn't really acne
i went one better and bought this.
the sephora consultant last year suggested this product
this was a gift for my mom who made the mistake of using cheap eye shadow
nothing has worked as well as this moisturizer
healed scabs from acne that was picked at previously
my cheeks recently started getting super red
bought this cream as a last resort
never had much faith in clinique
this has really worked for him.
i self-diagnosed myself with rosacea
it saved my skin -- my redness is gone
bought this for my boyfriend because has rosacea
i recently tried a new skin care line that completely fried my skin after about a week
they've stopped making it
bought more of the cleanser
it calmed my skin initially
i received this cream as a gift.
i just bought this a week ago
i am a girl who has suffered from redness
a friend gave me her jar of this because she didn't care for it
a friend whom i hadn't seen in months ran into me the other day
at almost 43 years old
than when i was 19-20 years old
my brother told me the other day
his words, not mine!
it was recommended by my aunt who is a make-up artist
also bought for my mother
bought this product a month ago
bit like old perfume
my mum has been using it all year long.
after her nonstop recommending
i remember by aunt using this line when i was younger
i give my daughters both shiseido products
this was a gift in a subscription
my boyfriend works nights
this saves me every time
being in my 40's i baby my skin
i don't have to get dressed
slept with it on
have been in love ever since
this worked wonders for me
the ren representative says this is a chemical peel
nothing i had previously tried worked on reducing this problem
this mask has saved me a trip to the skin clinic
was recommended by sephora employee years ago
nothing has worked until now!
while i'll always be a makeup girl
i tried this again recently
this time borrowing from my sister
i loved it 2 years ago and stopped using it.
tried first time based to my friend recommendation
it reminds me of a pumpkin mask i used years ago.
i told her the origins modern friction
i came across ren products for the 1st time after an associate from the company introduced me to the their cleansing balm
kind of forgot about them until i was cleaning out my samples drawer recently
40's had it existed then
this stuff saved my skin
chose to use it despite being warned against it by the sephora employee with whom i spoke during my last visit there
since finding out i was pregnant 5 months ago
the lack of professionally done facials
have learned to use it
was directed to this product
had my makeup professionally done for my birthday
at least 10 years younger than my age
i recently moved from the country to the big city of new york about 7 months ago
last week i told the sephora employee that i was fed up with trying acne medications
this stuff saved me
purchased another bottle recently!
recently bought this in hopes to gain a brighter completion
she also loves this product
this has seriously changed my skin.
it has defiantly helped
discovered a whole new world
i got this product at a sephora store after a employee told me about it
even my mother is hooked
someone said my skin was like a porcelain doll!!!
i knew it was working when my husb
one for my mom
one for my twin sister
have repurchased this one over
had to buy three more bottle for my mom
recently searching for a product to brighten my complexion
i never liked that it was packaged in a clear bottle
bought this on recommendation of co worker so glad i did
she raved about it so it seemed worth a shot.
it was sold out in the areas i would purchase.
i worked as an aesthetician in a medical spa where we retailed a similiar product for 2x the price of this one
i even bought it for my 79 year old mother where after just one time of putting it in her moisturizer says her skin felt instantly smoother
the dryness has disappeared
i've worked night shift for the past 4 years
my dark circles have vanished
bought this eye cream in the beginning of this year
the lady there recommended this
another lady told me that i don't have dark circles
i started paying attention
i just bought me the product
the sephora sales associate recommended this product for my dark under eye circles
worked beautifully for me after only two weeks.
i just purchased this last night
this is the first one that has ever worked
the girl at sephora recommended this eye cream i was hesitant bc of the price
i found the product worked for me
i experimented for a week
i started using this after a recommendation from a friend
my husband and friends all noticed.
this is the only one that has worked for me.
it is already working
since my mother uses it as well
i've had dark circles since childhood.
i've had dark circles under my eyes since childhood
i am 24 years old
this worked for me!
worked from the first application.
3rd son was born 8 weeks ago
this has been my holy grail moisturizer for close to 7 years
is that of my children
nothing else i used worked
i also recently bought a product online
a friend of mine asked to take home a sample
i tried every moisturizer i owned
my mother in law is a sample queen
as i asked her if she had any moisturizers
this was recommended to me
i recently moved to western ny
i recently have been on the hunt for some good moisturizers
thanks mom for getting me hooked.
jaclyn hill recently said she loved this
i recently decided to try out this product after seeing a blogger using it
my mom introduced me to moisture surge
this product has changed the life of my skin
spent $39 on this product
i originally bought the travel size for $9
it is helping me keep the secret that i am 60 years old
i decided to change my skin care line after 40 years
this worked so well
non-resident throughout the night
i think i've been through 5-6 bottles already
this saved my skin
i tried this in store
has been since i was 13
which is why i've repurchased this like 5+ times
i lived in colorado for a year
returned so many items
i received this as part of a holiday kit
have use clinique since i was a teenager
i received this as a beauty insider reward
i even wore it under my makeup for my outdoor wedding in may
nobody mentioned it burns?
only complaint is the smell
i didn't even notice until a friend mentioned the she disliked it for the smell
an employee at sephora showed me this product
immediately loved the smell
have been told many times
i loved it so much i splurged on the 2 oz jar!
i am 30 years old
this is dead skin
i am 49 years old, and no one believes it.
my face is firm
i am 56 years old
i think they should have named this as face perfecting finisher
if i would have purchased 2-2oz
feels like my skin drank water after using
over the years i have spent a fortune on moisturizers
it hasn't performed magic
i've tried a ton of medical grade products
purchased this product over a week ago
i learned my lesson
purchased this treatment for me
i am 59 years old
all which have disappeared
being the picker that i am
one of the employees said
since i joined this line.
it has lived up to it's claims
was so depressed to be dealing with adult acne
i will be devoted to this cream forever!
i always thought the perricone line was a scam
also, i love the smell - like a newborn baby!
he said he swore by it
i deducted a star because it has a glass bottle
my mom and sisters all use it!
i found this cleanser this past year
i am 58 years old.
i got a bottle as part of a kit
recently i have been struggling with large
it is my new dream team
loved and reordered over and over.
had to be out of town for a week recently when my gr
finally my mom suggested i try perricone products
my 20 year old sister felt the same way i did
my skin has been looking mint
have suffered from teenage
even my 14 year old daughter loves the moisturizer
commented on how great my face smelled after i had washed
it has all his 'good stuff' in it
i've indulged in his products for years
confirmed by 2 teenagers who are brutally honest
i am new to this line and already am addicted!
the sales assistant could not believe my age
i tried this cleanser at the suggestion of a sephora associate who told me it would help brighten my complexion
i asked in the store for a cleanser
i know this company has been around since the 1990’s
i always assumed it was a br
it started to transform it
my experience with the perricone products has exceeded my expectations
bought it on the spot
this performs as promised
i am almost 48 years old and have no wrinkles.
would recommend this prooduct to a friend
seems to firm arond the eye
i tried this in the store
the salewoman told me i would
i am 32 years old
this is the second bottle i have purchased of the perricone advanced eye therapy
again purchased the advanced eye therapy
i want my 16 year old eyes back
i actually got carded last night for a glass of merlot at a restaurant
when she saw that i was born in 1971!!
she is 60+ years old
she wanted to know what i have been using…i’m 40 years old
i am 30 years old.
recently went on vacation
this cleanser is used by my husband!
this is the only thing i have found that has actually worked
i loved this product in the store.
addicted to the perricone line of products.
bought a backup during the vib sale
the prior cleanser i was using was target toward teenage acne
my only complaint is that they changed the bottle
bought at sephora when one of the makeup consultants convinced me to buy it
went to purchase a replacement recently
it stopped working for my skin.
the true test was a friend noticed a difference in my skin
i could be a sells rep.
which i received today
the fine lines disappeared
someone told me "invest in perricone's eye products
every single friend i have has commented on how smooth my chest/face is
my 40 year old combination acne prone skin has never been better
the bottle says 2-3x a week
sephora has it on sale ladies
this one product saves me money
this is from friends
family who have watched the transformation in my skin for about a decade
when i discussed this product in the store
face-lifting miracle worker
its not a miracle worker
i am 53 years old
i tried this product originally as part the 'best of perricone' set
have been using it faithfully morning
i first purchased this product over a year ago.
have purchased probably about 3 bottles
i've gone through 5 bottles already
i am 25 i've had acne since for 12 years
a lady at sephora recommended it to me
i am in my thirties
then i found this baby!!!
my daughter loves this as well
my mom got this cleanser as a gift from my stepdad
now it's rare for me to have a breakout even when aunt flo visits
he refuses to stop stealing my cleanser
i've neglected using it for a while
(i am 28 years old and have tried many).
have loved it since day one
it lasted me about 4-5 months and i repurchased!
5 oz size by the counter for $9 i knew i had to buy it
i've searched for years for a cleanser like this.
purchased on the advise of a sales associate.
i originally purchased this cleanser
until recently had no luck doing so
i believe the lady in the store told me the br
is initially designed for pregnant ladies
i originally tried this moisturizer because of what it is made without
since i have been using ren products
so this was recommended to me by a consultant at sephora
after moving to the midwest
specially during the summer
was recommended by a friend
trips to the polluted city
i just bought this
the woman helping me suggested this product
i am nearing 30yrs old
she told me that philosophy has alcohol in it
asked a sales associate for a recommendation
bought this product in store after consulting with the staff
writing this for my sister
i never found it on sale
a lot of people rave about the korres rose
irritated skin around my eyes which is how i originally found it
nothing i tried worked
how this line was developed for pregnant women
this has been a life saver for me on a number of occasions
i've bought this part of the trial set
skin feels "plumped" i have been using ren products for about 2 years now
thank you for carrying it sephora
it has saved my skin
it worked better than what my dermatologist prescribed
i received this in an ipsy glambag.
i found my boyfriend has also started using it for his sensitive skin
but now i have grown to love it!
so the employee at sephora recommended this
the moment i applied this moisturizer to my face i knew i found what i've been searching for
it has worked wonders on my skin by smoothing it out
after getting introduced to this cream
recently i started swimming again
this product was recommended to me by a salesperson for use as an evening lotion
i recently attended a vip rouge party
the ren associate was there
my only complaint is that it was already pretty expensive when i last bought it
was recommended this by 2 or 3 ba's
i used it, loved it, and bought it.
this has been working for me like a dream.
my adult acne has been controlled.
i've gone through tons of bottles of this
it has transformed my skin.
nothing has worked until this
so when the saleslady introduced this product to me
it was a blessing that my previous mosturizer was no longer being made
i've bought all types of masks
i hanged out with friends till 4am
say it performed a miracle
i repurchased it again for him :)
when i first bought this product i thought it was a bit over priced
i just loved how it owns up to its soft
this product saved my skin in winter
i recently tried to buy the day version of the cream
it was sold out
i recently switched to all fresh products.
i confess i balked at paying nearly $100 for a face cream
i heard about this cream from a youtuber.
i am a middle aged woman
when they quit carrying it locally i asked my favorite sephora rep for a replacement recommendation
as i have aged
i just purchased my 2nd jar of this product.
for now i'll stay loyal to lancôme's night creams
my daughter is home for christmas break
has taken it over
has grown on me
bought this for my mom.
it has been a joy to use.
i received this in a 500 point gift
have been in love ever since
when i become a kept woman i will buy this
today some woman at a retail store i was shopping at told me i had beautiful skin
this girl is out of my league.
a store associate who had helped me a month or so previously
this mask has been my lifesaver
32yrs old with combo skin.
purchased the big boy
i went from drug store buyer to a religious sephora believer
i paid $79 for this
they raised the price from $82
because i've got the secret weapon
i left mine in a hotel
since mine is combination skin
the foam has been a lifesaver for my face
recently my mom discovered this in the shower
just bought 4th bottle a week ago.
a friend uses this with her clarisonic
she swears by it
have been loving it ever since
now my son is using it too
the sales person recommended this for me since the store stopped carrying skynn icel
thanks lancome you saved my life
this product honestly saved my skin
my aunt has this
my new found love!
i've purchased two bottles of this stuff
a friend and i were trying out new looks.
i buy as gifts for my family
just like the title says
it seriously saved my skin
a friend recommended this to me due to my sensitive
my mom tried it
have had to repurchase twice
bought it for my husband and he loves it.
this product was recommended to me by a lancome specialist
my sister-in-law raved about this product to me
i've had this cleanser since the summer
it was seriously a miracle
wish i had found it 25 years ago!
it has worked wonders for my face
i received this just recently in a gift with purchase
i borrowed some of this cleanser from my mother when i ran out of my own
have been buying it since
i found this product at a yard sale
i wish i would've found this years ago.
my teenage daughter also tried it
i work nights as a nurse
this one is a keeper
my friend who had oily skin also uses this
i even use this to wipe my 4 year old sons face down at night
i sold lancome part time for over 4 years
stumbled upon an earlier version of this by an elderly woman whose skin was flawless
my teenage daughter with acne uses it
daughter loves it too
thought this would be a nightmare for me
my skin has transformed
this worked like a charm
have been a lover of oils for a long long time
i kept reading that argan oil was a miracle worker
it has changed my skin
my dermatologist thought i was in my 40s
this save his life
this is my beauty secret
have been buying it ever since
made a recent purchase and i am in love.
i tried tons of prescriptions
i originally bought this to replace my night time moisturizer
it has gone above
not even one worked
however my 5 year old son had a terrible eczema break out at the same time it arrived
s since i was on vacation
been hearing for years how good this br
this is the first skin care product i am loyal to
the bottle dropper on one was faulty
this oil has been a godsend!!
this has cured it!
spoke with someone about the terrible eczema on my legs that has been bothering me for months
avoided this line for years.
then accidentally deleted it
i used it on a cut my 8-yr old son had on the side of his nose
just repurchased for the second time
some of the fine lines have been plumped
s look about 10 years younger
boy was i wrong!
buying some for my mom
i tried couple of products
have been having terrible skin problems ever since i got off birth control
this is my lifesaver!!!!!
this product worked wonders on my skin.
bought a second bottle for my dad.
one i looked the part of having had chemo
for me this actually worked.
stopped in and was recommended this product.
i just purchased my 2nd bottle at the vib sale
i got carded by a wedding waiter a week ago.
as a 24 year old who always got confused for 32
youthful look i have been begging for
moisturizer earlier this year
a life saver during winter!
this has been a god send
000 was just what the doctor ordered
i am in my mid twenties
the girl recommended this product
i'll be recommending this to all my girlfriends!
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
she recommended this product
the sales lady recommended this
mistakenly diagnosed as rosacea
bought this after reading about it in prevention magazine
i just bought it yesterday
this is the only one that has wowed me
compared to the prices of department store br
i know a lot of people who hated the old formula love the new formula
people who loved the old formula don't like the new formula
sadly, i returned it.
bought it there while on vacation
i recently switched from murad's acne products to clinique as i found that as i'm getting into my late 20's my skin isn't quite as acne prone as it once was
after an education with a clinique consultant
after consulting the ladies at sephora i decided to give it a try
my skin has been changing as i age.
a friend recommended the 3 step system to me
i reccomed for older skin.
nothing has worked until i found superdefense
this has been my everyday go-to moisturizer for years
it has worked wonders
superdefense has literally saved my skin.
this moisturizer was recommended to me by a sephora rep about five years ago
my skin looked 5 years younger
i am almost 50 and boy has my skin changed.
clinique has been the first br
my husband and i both use this all winter.
hadn't had any issues
after years of fighting acne
i found it in this product
i've recommended it to a couple of friends
it was my college staple
so when i was introduced to clinique.
it was recommended on a magazine
i like the fact that it has spf 25 built in
i tried this because a friend told me about it.
i first bought it last october.
it has helped with the oil
boy was it a mistake
off to sephora i went where a salesperson recommended this cleanser to me
i've bought this item 4 times
this leaking happened 3 times
my daughter loves it too.
i now have it stocked in my bathroom.
will be a dedicated follower
after i got to know i'm pregnant
my skin appears to be in the twenties
when i was 21 i developed adult acne.
that was until i found this gem of a cleanser.
julique has done the trick
this is an obsession
none worked as well as this
i am 53 years old
this was my savior!
mother's house or something
it is the owner's own secret
i vacationed in st.
i've purchased this moisturizer twice now
never worked as well as this one
i noticed that this was organic
i ordered it online
i gave up caring about dark circles long ago
most recently ptr unwrinkle eye
nothing has ever worked for me like this product has
for 3 years i've been trying to figure out a cure
i wish i had discovered this gem sooner!
i started using this product recently
nothing had ever worked
a sephora consultant suggested i was overdoing it
since recently moving to florida
a co-worker thought i had foundation on
my friend recommended it to me
since she use to work with the doctor that created the br
this product has turned my life around.
the girl in the store talked me into it
this product saves me time
my life has changed.
this product was suggested to me by a friend
recently i also discovered that by mixing this with a bit of foundation
first off, i'm an avid murad fan!!
but now my life has changed.
through the outdoor mall
boy was i wrong.
my sister has used the same cleanser
my boyfriend uses this wash when he's at my house
ever since i switched to this cleaner
originally tried this because my roommate used it
my husband and i both use it.
they recently changed the packaging
purchased an "over the counter" drug store product
i even introduced this cleanser to one of my guy friends
smooth as both my mother
which worked the same way
the one pictured is the one with cottonseed
decided to try clarins foaming cleanser since my sister loved it
i am 27 years old.
i also purchased the night cream
had previously been using a moisturizer
until i got pregnant
my skin has been in horrible condition since i had my child about 4 months ago
i am 60 years old so the wrinkles
i got this as a gift from a friend of mine.
this one is a keeper
i told all my friends they had to try it.
as my derm has explained to me
my mother has been using it for years
i went home for a wedding
how young i looked for my age
i switched to a pharmacy br
bought this one on a whim
i've sadly inherited my mom's "alligator skin" under my eyes
i am 36 yrs old
i just transitioned into my 30's
i am a 42 year old guy who looks much younger.
thankfully sephora has it in stock.
acquaintances started givng me compliments on my skin
feel like a 20 year old :0
now all i have to do is quit smoking.
i am 43 years old
my eye has been "lifted
asking friends for the last 2 years
i am a firm believer in perricone products
none of them worked as well as this cream
younger my eyes looked
the "lifting" agent is definitely working
since i was a teenage
recently i discovered retinol
recently began fighting both adult acne on my chin
i talked with an associate who convinced me that i would do better with a retinal
the lady recommended this
this product was recommended to me by a sephora skin care specialist
ran into a problem with defective pumps
have recommended it to my friends
this has been a lifesaver
this product worked for me.
it isn't a miracle worker
several people have commented how rested i look
i learned from trial
i am 62 years old
i originally reached for philosophy
the results have already been amazing
fine lines have almost disappeared
i originally bought this thinking i would get a good six weeks of lotion out of a bottle
this was suggested by the salesperson at sephora
she told me it was strong
my boyfriend complimented me on my complexion
sephora recommended this as a substitute
worked miracles on lines
i am one of those people who has to see for herself
i recently started getting a lot of crepiness
age spots are gone
i recently purchased my 2nd bottle of this
i tried the travel size recently as was recommended this daily moisturizer over an ole hendrickson product
i've reached a point where i'm loving my skin
i ordered it after doing some research
this was recommended by sales associate
i ran to my neighborhood sephora
i also use her retasphere night cream
my coworkers even noticed
age arrest was recommended to me by a kate somerville rep at sephora
am surprised this is not one i had purchased previously
my skin has never
since it is now becoming winter
the moisturizer that i've been searching for my whole life
i learned of this from sephora staff during one of my visits
recently i found some of this ks face wash in one of my travel containers
this cleanser was recommended to me by a sephora cast member
now i've repurchased a second bottle
none of my classmate had noticed my face
i got this as part of the clinic solutions kit
i repurchased another one
man was it pricy
i originally got this with my clarisonic mia2.
the original version of the exfolikate that was recommended to me by a friend
i even worked for a well known skin care line in my 40's
recently i've had two people tell me that look much younger
regretted that one after a week
i recommended this as a gift for my younger sister who is crazy busy stay at home mom
i started using kate somerville products about a month ago
i've recently started trying out a new product line
my sister actually gave me this cleanser to try
i live in the north east with super cold
as they grew, it became a nightmare.
have recently been challenged with hormonal acne
worked wonders on my skin
i am 15 years old
i finally splurged on this item
the lady at sephora recommended it
this cleanser changed my life.
i've suffered from acne since 13
nothing has worked for me
i tried this as a recommendation from one of the sales ladies as it helped her daughter with acne
i am in my mid-thirties
the woman helping me said she swore by it
my peers at work
figured it was permanent
one of the women who had been there forever referred me
it has saved my skin
had perfect skin as a teenager
when i introduced it to my husb
he instantly loved it
i've moved on to a different moisturizer now
bought it the next day
this has helped a ton
am finding post baby
my acne has disappeared by almost half
i've gotten compliments from family
when my clarisonic charger comes in the mail
am pregnant now which has made it worse
i recently dabbled with some other br
my daughter has been using this for over 3 years
this works well for her
a salesperson suggested it for me
an employee also sampled me in the gentle cleanser which she suggested i use in the am
nothing has worked as well as this cleanser
i ordered this by mistake.
re-bought the cleanser
my best friend of 30 years has never complimented my skin until recently
have repurchased several times
nothing has worked for my combo skin until now
bought this one very recently
i think this is the 1st moisturizer i have ever repurchased
purchased this a month ago.
it was recommended to me by the sales rep.
it has been working well
i also went through adult onset of acne in my late twenties
have been recovering since
i am 28 years old
most recently the kate somerville eradikate
have repurchased three times.
the lady at sephora recommended this to me
i started using mine a month
this product has saved my skin.
products that i had used previously that worked no longer worked
my mom tried it
i knew i had to purchase this
she asked the dreaded question
this has worked wonders on my skin
this moisturizer saved me.
would have thoroughly enjoyed it in my younger days
my old night creme was
have been suffering from acne since my late teens
ever since switching my birth control method
it lived up to it
my breakout has disappeared
i've bought this expensive lotion three times
nothing has helped my skin
after a visit to the dermatologist my condition worsened
other than that this product saved me!!!
worked out in the gym for an hour
took medication in college
a friend recommended this product
started drinking more water
last week i had the work cheek zit ever.
it saved my face
nothing has worked until now
it ruined my social life
i've bought 3 bottles so far
i recently bought this treatment
at the time of the purchase had bad acne
i learned my lesson
it is not a miracle over night worker.
when i was a teenager i used proactiv
in my mid-twenties i used acne
sense i became pregnant
nothing's worked as well as this product
i relented to the fantastic reviews that this anti-bac lotion had
this is the only thing that saved my skin
have never had an issue with acne
this was recommended to me by one of the beauty advisors
recently had been experiencing a bit more- i
this stuff has saved my face.
after application it burned a lot
together they have worked wonders to stop acne
recently due to stress my acne returned
i found this product
i think the price is highway robbery
it has transformed my skin miraculously
the large acne cysts died within a couple of days
i am 26 years old
my skin was a nightmare
purchased this as a recommendation from a sephora/jcpenney employee
kate somerville is officially my girl.
it acted as a great moisturizer
i decided to go with this "goat milk" one.
i decided to buy a jar
this product has been a true savior
gave it to my mom
grew to love it as part of my routine
i attended an event at sephora a couple weekends ago to get a free oxygen facial with a kate sommerville rep
i've never used the old formulation
this product has been a lifesaver
just bought this during the vib rouge sale
i think the site ate it up
i ordered this during the vib rouge sale because i've been eyeing it for weeks
was talking to the cast member in the skin care section
i talked to one of the skin specialists
she recommended this product
she suggested i try this
and a lady at sephora recommend this to me .
i just bought this cleanser about a week
i wish i would have found it years ago
have been hooked ever since
i told her i wanted to try something new
they were sold out
1st time buyer lifetime lover.
this cream has saved my skin.
i tried the discovery set
it has given me
i am 33yrs old
i am 43 years old
i finally reasoned that if it performed as indicated
as i enter my late 20s i have introduced more anti-aging products to my regiment
a kate somerville advisor told me it would
some have sort of vanished
the reason it gets only 4 stars is because it is so pricey for a working girl
finally, i have found my moisturizer!
i knew i had to have it
the saleswoman used this product on my eyes
when i tried this i was sad i hadn't discovered it sooner
the sales associate told me she had used this product when she had gone through the same experience
have been eyeing this for a while now
was inroduced to her products there
quench is a miracle worker.
and this has saved my skin this winter.
it has been a life saver.
this is the 2nd bottle i have purchased.
this is a secret weapon!
i spent the money
new goalie equipment had to be purchased
pm ritual for a week now
as i messaged it in
as directed by the sephora consultant
my youthful skin is diminshing as the years go by
have recently been taking better care of my skin
my skin has taken on a whole new life.
has helped the look
dewey looking i felt 10 years younger
so, i tried her products.
after battling with acne most my adult life
this was recommended after i complained of occasional adult acne
purchased it a couple times
with that being said
i received a free amorepacific kit for my sephora birthday present
my face has been fine
this is the only product i've recently added to my routine
my skin has thanked me for it
got the 'hard sell' from the salesperson to buy this product
i started drinking more water
i am 30 yrs old
have been struggling with acne since i was 16
i tried an orgins wash which was ehhhhh.
purchased this for 3.5 yrs now.
that routine has worked for me
this product was recommended to me by a sephora employee
recently started using it
once i introduced this to my daily regimen
or product before visiting a sephora
i decided to trust the saleswoman's recommendation
wished to buy the product
started using this product while having adult acne problems
as a middle aged woman with acne
my skin has been transformed using this line!
the sales rep recommended it for my skin.
my skin has been loving it since i got it
so the kind lady introduced me to the line.
have been since august of 2014
my skin has thanked me.
i received this in a vib gift set
sephora staff told me this was a "game changer
've strayed to try other br
was suggested by a salesperson
it has worked well
the lovely associate recommended this for me instead
the girl who was assisting me highly recomended it
this product worked wonders for me
also loved the packaging.
nude products have been returned
amazing product was sold in seconds!
i can say since i found this cleanser
go in to the store
this by far exceeded my expectstions
after they disappeared from sephora site
i asked one of the female employees there about facial care
it reminds me of being by the beach.
she also admitted that it works magically
i recently tried this moisturizer
i've never have acne as a teenager
combination skin until a consultant recommended this one to me
this product was recommended to me by an associate in sephora
if it's ever discontinued
this is how: i wore it alone
salvation for my 45 year old combo skin.
bought the 30 day kit
realized my skin has aged like 10 years in the last 2 years
i spent a lot of years as a lifeguard
which was not advertised
all my clients who have purchased this love it!
a friend recommended this and she adored it.
it lives up to its name.
it was the first time the beautician actually spotted that my skin was combination
the beautician told me that my skin was so fantastic that i did not need a facial
recently gave in because my skin has been so dull
on the suggestion of the representative i tried the month trial of this product
my skin feels years younger
have been hooked ever since
i went to my local sephora store
with that being said
while on vacation my husb
lesson learned and it works!!!
recently changed to this one
this has served me fine
reminds me of when i was a teen
which was the philosophy sample in the promo -- so the cashier suggested the murad option
recently started trying other products
nothing has ever worked on them
my sister also has bad acne worse than mine
my sister commented on how great my skin looked after 2 weeks of use
the only complaint i have
a co-worker commented on how my face was glowing
then she asked me if i was pregnant.
dr murad has always been a company that has worked well with my skin type
as suggested by a friend a long time ago
having just purchased this product
basically your face for my teen daughter
was done with it
the one reviewer said it worked well after she fell asleep with it on
it worked ok alone
i wouldn't have bought it to use alone
my skin looked years younger
i recently got this product in my birchbox.
this mask is a miracle worker.
now i am in my mid fifties
this product has worked miracles!
nothing worked the way they promised
i swapped it for the origins
nothing has worked like this product
i tried this at the recommendation of one of the store employees
the first time it worked
they were sold out
big old smile lines
a worker at sephora introduced me to this wonderful serum
i've already fallen in love
now it is a keeper
it is marketed towards men
and $200 later, he has a new skin regimen!
his skin has transformed itself
his skin looks younger
i am a 29 year old female who uses this everyday before i put my moisturiser
because he is a jack black devotee
ill be the first to buy!
i still have that "older woman" tired
since trying a few perricone products, i am sold!
ever since i started doing this
i look 10 years younger than my age.
even after i accidentally dumped it over
this stuff has saved my sanity.
i regularly get told i look 10 years younger than i am
i am now hooked on perricone products!
it has worked wonders on me
i originally tried this product only because it ws a gift
this product is the only thing that has worked for lightening my dark circles
it made my skin look firm
i will state my age
i also was a smoker for a decade
i think the technician went a little overboard
no one believes i'm as old as i say
received this, tried it, and loved it!
this works very well with my 42-year-old skin.
i am 68 years old
it makes my 46 year old skin look 36.
before it was invented
look in my fifties
my skin has become transformed
while i was in the sephora shop
old and i simply love it.
i recently turned forty
i looked like k had aged 5 years in 3 weeks
it has made quite a difference on my 50+ year old skin
spent the money to try this product
joined my three sisters on a family reunion vacation
after 4 weeks my eye crinkles had almost vanished
my boyfriend however has been commenting more frequently on my beautiful face
i just ordered the sister product
perricone md has brought it back to life.
have already gotten compliments on my skin
the old one didn't.
thank god they brought back the original packaging
i hated the other one
nothing has ever worked consistently for me.
i recently started having hormonal breakouts for the first time in my life
would recommend it to a friend
i wish i had found this mask earlier it would have saved me a lot of unnecessary stress
i also bought clinique all over treatment
this mask was the miracle worker
recently i have gotten off birth control after 7 years
family keep trying it after hearing your success story
it made my old breakouts
i got this recently
the mask worked ok with my philosophy cleanser
for the acne i already had on my face
the girl at sephora swore by this stuff
i knew i had to purchase the cream.
pocketed with acne scars
bought the bottle immediately
not expecting to be "wowed" i applied it to my already youthful looking 54 year old face
my skin has just met the love of its life
is planning the wedding after only one date
having never met a product that delivers like this does
my mom gave me her bottle
more firm than before
i originally got it in gratis
that worked just as well
my face has transformed
my skin was damaged from experimenting with other br
my skin is addicted to this.
i live in the east
this is geared to women forty
it busts my budget
the sephora clerk told me it was the bentley of anti-aging products
i am in my mid twenties
it also started a bout of eczema that was constantly red
it has transformed my skin
perform all declared functions
the salesgirl who introduced caudalie premier cru the cream to me told me that her mother absolutely loves it
sephora manager recommended me this
i am 27 years old
caudalie has produced a product to believe in!
woke up 10 years younger
it's the secret to looking ten years younger.
i initially dismissed the idea of ever buying this product because it is so expensive
i recently twitched to premier cru from algenist regular moisturizer because the algenist was ok for day
when i am asked my age the common response is disbelief
this treatment is trans-formative!
bumps that i've visited the dermo for
none of the prescriptions i got helped
as some have questioned
a staple product for me.
just in case asked my 14 year old daughter
where has this product been all my life?
still get mistaken for a college student
i am 44 years old
for financial reasons stooped using it for a month
i recently tried algenist line
i became a believer after 1 application
believe me my boyfriend has checked for me
i applied this on her
this product has transformed my skin.
the sephora associate recommended that i buy this to put under it
went with her recommendation
it was recommended to me by a friend that had lost 60 pounds
originally bought for firming
it has helped my dehydration issue
this product was recommended to me for my crazy
my sister for elasticity
as my sister just lost 60 pounds
boy, does it ever!!
since i reached my fifties i have been been combating a lot of signs of aging skin
now i'm hooked on perricone md products
i also heard the smell was gross.
years have begun liking my skin
every time its worked.
always had it since i was a child
bought this product on the sales girl
i am now almost 66 years old
with using this lotion it has not only faded my old scars
both have worked wonders.
my daughter has eczema
even firm my 30something skin
it has really become my go-to daily moisturizer since i started buying it about a year ago
this regiment has been nothing
old acne scares have faded
it is not a miracle worker
i both bought this product
i tried this product because i am 21 years old
have been loving this product
tried several pricier br
i tried this when it was included in a gift with purchase
after having my last child
i shared my issue
bought it one week ago
my mother using lancôme products
bags i had from college
i recently tried this eye cream at the urging of my mother
who is a long time devotee of lancome
i am in my twenties
i originally tried product as part of a kit.
to my surprise this product worked
take it from someone who has spent hundreds on eye products
thought it was working
so of course, i shared the beauty secret!
i would recommended this to every woman i know!
the lady at the store really talked this eye cream up
i am also the mother of a five month old
due to being the mom of a toddler
a sales associate suggested this
i've tried many eye dreams
serums that have not worked on my dark circles
my mother commented about it
have recently started using genifique eye as well
in reality i had a cold and slept about 3!
this product worked wonders for my recent fine lines
my circles have almost vanished
my acne is almost gone
this has truly been a miracle worker for me
a beauty consultant recommended this one for my skin type
was recommended the fab line by a sephora employee
it reminded me of doctor's office soap.
o have bought three bottles so far
5 stars for this baby.
it saved my skin.
since that day i have fallen in love with this product
this has changed everything
my mom had been using this face wash for years before me
i seem to have hit the jackpot with fab
however it is amazeballs for my friend
still haven't repurchased another one yet
this was what saved me
i've never believed in spending money on cleansers
i'd originally purchased the travel size
decided to for once be conservative
this item was recommended to me by a beauty expert in sephora
one of the sephora employees had recommended it to me after having told her my skin concerns
ever since i made this purchase i'm a happy girl
after speaking with an associate it sealed the deal
so go head girl just buy it.
great price for my recent grad budget
have repurchased multiple times
a a worker in the store showed me this
got this as a gift for my mom
only browsed the first page
thanks to those who demonstrated it on me!
live on the lake
my fiancé even started using it after seeing the difference in my face
i finally found a product that i cared to review
am in a masters program
this is the only depuffer that has worked for me.
when i found this online i immediately ordered it
it is heaven-sent
since i wear contacts
my eyes look younger
the 8ox size lasted me almost 6 months.
adding this one stop shop body
this cream has worked wonders with my son's skin condition
my son's eczema has calmed
my teenaged niece also wears it at night as a moisturizer
i recently ran out of the face moisturizer i use
bought it without reading
now my eczema is almost gone!
my friend actually recommends this product to me
i just bought my 6th bottle
have never regretted it since
this has helped my h
recommended for someone who has eczema.
i work in a hospital
live in the northwest
it works for everyone in my family
this product is amazing for my psoriasis which i have been struggling with since my early teen years
this cream worked wonders on me.
i recently purchased this a few days ago for my boyfriend
trust me it was impossible to find a product that worked
the girl at sephora suggested this
all of that has changed!
i originally purchased for my face
i recently purchased this
my sister in law said that worked wonders for her
i recently purchased the trial size of
tried many creams nothing worked.
when mother nature calls
as i have stated already
this product has received almost 5*s
i've had severe eczema since i was a baby
previously i've been using la prairie
this product is a staple in my family.
my nephew who is a swimmer says this is the only cream that gives him relief from all of the chlorine in the pool
swears by this to give her relief
all of my old holy grail products just stopped working for me
i originally went to purchase the josei maran moisturizer
my first experience with this cream was when i was in a law enforcement academy
i gave a couple of the ampoules to my son
it has seriously saved me
it was seriously a miracle
nothing has ever worked for me
i wish i had taken before
after a dermatologist friend commented that i might have rosacea
i immediately bought this product
bought this on advice of sephora associate for my oily
this product saved my face
he requested the bottle
i once treated myself to a bottle of dior's dreamskin
this product is a lifesaver
strangely it actually worked
my dad had this too
wish i had discovered this years ago
have had rosacea since i was 7
i've recently developed some rosacea on one cheek
it works like a dream!
the make-up artist who worked with us saw that my mom has rosacea
i inherited her rosacea
i recently purchased this at my local sephora
as recommended on the bottle
suffering from lupus for years
have not found anything that worked
recommendation from consultant at the store in st
my formerly oil-gusing skin had suddently
lived in florida for for most of my young adult years
s looked like i was 60 years old
it has transformed my skin
i've recommended friends to purchase it too
i look 10 years younger
i am 48 years old and i still get pimples.
dry/combination skin that has been driving me nuts after the birth of my first child
after the birth of my son
this product has been my saving grace
got this a couple years ago in a ptr "starter" kit
the cast member at sephora pointed me to this in a skin care sampler
i struggled with adult acne
this is the only product that has worked
my 30yr old acne looks to have calmed down
i am 74 years young.
that has worked well with no spillage.
since this comes in a bottle with a dropper
it is not a miracle worker
initially i skimped on it
i've never had problem skin
however as i have aged
i forgot to add this has become my sole
i am 46 yrs old
i am 59 years old so that's saying something!
in the 25 years of my existence
the old breakouts began to heal
it officially replaced my typical moisturizer.
purchased one for my mom
i tried boscia's tsubaki because i got a sample which worked well when i was traveling
ordered this on a whim instead
my sister also loves this cleansing oil
this was recommended by sephora salesman.
my mom introduced it to me when i was in high school
if anyone had told me i'd be using an oil cleanser
my friend who recommended the sunscreen to me told me that i had to use this along with it to take it off
a bunch of suspicious looking chemicals
have you ever spent the day at the beach
t as a trial in my ipsy bag a couple of bags ago
jars from previous products
from the recommendation from my favorite sales associate
i loved it from that day on
as i had predicted boom i am in love
the day i hit my 30th birthday i started having cystic acne
this product has saved my makeup
it was working fine
i wish i had started using this earlier.
the sephora gal gave me samples to last a week
a sephora consultant recommended this one
describing her skin to be the same as mine
it hasn't stopped working
i finally purchased this
my intuition was later confirmed when a friend complimented me
she had been telling me that she wanted something with apple stem cells
with this moisturizer i am officially hooked on this product line
my first time buying philosophy
i spent 100 beauty points on this because its winter
i paid $5cdn for the 0
i've repurchased this twice now.
i just bought this product a week ago.
but after using miracle worker, i'm now hooked!
miracle worker at night
prefer miracle worker over hope in a jar.
old with mature skin
i just use my miracle worker products
i live in a rural mountainous area
no one can believe that i am as old as i am.
had to for this product
told me about this moisturizer
i've already bought two more!
have been using miracle worker product for 5 years
they have changed my life!
i found miracle worker
recently started using the miracle worker moisturizer
after using miracle worker
a waiter in a restaurant i stopped in before my flight stopped me on my way out to tell me i had a beautiful complexion
miracle worker has done wonders for my skin!!
my title says it all!
after using this i decided to try the whole miracle worker kit
this is the first winter my skin has not flaked once thanks to philosophy miracle worker
i am 66 years old and people do not belief it.
my face looks years younger
i tried philosophy hope in a jar a while ago
living in the northeast
i just purchased a day
i started to receive compliments from friends
instead i thought i'd try the miracle worker
i experimented with just the oil
on a whim i decided to buy this product
i just bought it based on recommendation.
my skin has never been happier!
this is a lifetime staple product!
during the last vib sale to get the discount
as named " makeup- breakup" it does it job
had overwhelming perfumes added
i started using this cleanser at my friend's suggestion
this makeup remover has been my go to product for a number of years
i recently purchased this after using it to remove makeup on my h
as a young teen-ager
i've since re-purchased another bottle.
my 13 year old loves makeup
this has been a game changer for me
my middle-aged skin has never looked better
i started using this recently
a friend recommended this to me
nothing had worked until this
i love that it addresses my not yet aging 36 year old skin
i've struggled with adult acne on
they had almost disappeared as well
my acne was gone
it has changed my life
a sephora employee recommended this to me because he said it worked for him
this cleanser has saved my face
had discontinued their cleanser
another issue i encountered was it cleared my acne
this finally worked for me.
i knew this cleanser through a friend who have acne problems
haven't had a breakout since
now that i'm in my thirties
nothing else worked before this.
this worked like a charm after weeks of nothing else working
the sales associate recommended this product
this is a miricle in a bottle.
thought i was out of the acne woods
if i had known about this when i was a teenager
this has been a life-saver.
was struggling with adult acne on my face
my skin had all of that.
i finally found this for adult acne
this cleanser has saved my skin
the bottle has lasted me forever
i started with the starter kit
just recently moved to the anti-aging formula
will defiantly be repurchasing!
pregnant with my second child
i just bought this
i also had my fiancé use it since he works out in the sun
this is the only thing that has worked
ever since becoming a vegetarian my skin has decided to do backflips
it worked wonderful for a few months until i fell of the healthy eating b
haven't found many i love
this product has literally transformed my skin.
i stopped eating/drinking dairy
my son had been using another product for over a year
i consulted with a sephora associate at my local store
i wish i discovered this sooner
i tried tons of products
i've pretty much had acne since elementary school
then into my adult years
none worked until this
i've suffered from adult acne for about 7 years.
this product is officially my holy grail.
i spoke to two different sephora consultants
i've had problems with acne my entire life
this one is a keeper
i am 43 yrs old
i accidentally submitted a review of the ptr boxed firmx kit in this space
which was the only product in the kit i liked
she is normally a close follower of clarins
the bottle leaked in mailing
when i gained 70lbs over 10 years ago
who has seen pictures of me when i was in my twenties
being in my mid-thirties
i tried this product along with unwrinkle at the suggestion of a sephora associate
the other day my friend who is a few years younger than me remarked how good the skin on my throat looked
realized that i looked like i had been sleeping for days
this was a splurge for me
it was my 50th birthday
maybe my eyesight is going
my skin looks years younger
had my reservations when i began using this product
this one is a keeper.
also my sister raves about first aid body lotion products
he/this product changed my life ;)
this has helped me
being that i'm a highschool student
this moisturizer has never failed me!
it was recommended to me at the store
this is the first fab product i've bought.
my boyfriend has very
my 28 year old son says this is the best after shave product he has ever found
i actually bought it for my sisters law for christmas this year when she used mine
this is the first lotion i have ever re-bought
my 15 year old daughter has eczema
it worked so well my dark circles disappeared
look like you slept for 9 hours
i tried several de-puffers in the store
i recently purchased this for my early mornings before work when i haven't slept well
i got this as a present for my sister who often suffers from large
this product is exactly as described
i store mine in the fridge
i swear i looked years younger over night with the re-introduction of this product
i've never really thought i'd purchasing a de-puffing serum until i realized just how old i've begun to look
it has changed everything
both my co-worker
another at my desk
visiting my mother recently
she lent me her clinique all about eyes
have since i was a young teen
i've purchased a tube for my mother
the clinique vending machine in the airport was a life-saver
only because i previously bought the serum before they came out with a rollerball
i wish i had known about this product years ago!
my husband mentioned it, and he notices nothing.
my 36-year-old wrinkles
been using this for 3-1/2 mths now
a woman said "you look 12
mine never seems to end
i reluctantly returned it.
it has really reformatted my entire face
then the shiseido daily moisturiser my skin is looking years younger
specially after one single night
my boyfriend is 8 years younger than me
his friends have told him that they wondered how he got a younger woman to go out with him
even their wives thought i was younger than him!!
the only complaint is that it has kind of an old lady fragrance
my skin started to prematurely age
a sephora consultant recommended this to me.
i balked at the price
the price kills me
my boyfriend said that i looked younger
another friend asked me what i had been doing because he said i looked like i was 16
the girl at my local sephora named gave me a sample
love it, purchased 3 times already.
together with the pro-youth spf-15 version for day
i decided to ask the skin care guru in my sephora
it has worked for me
my friend told me she used hydra life pro-youth comfort crème
recommended by my friend
after i told her my issues
love this serial badly
have tried numerous others
my old night cream wasn't cutting it
i am definitely a drug store girl
i plan on buying the hydra life pro-youth comfort creme since it replaced the old
have purchased 4 times now
this cream has become a life saver!
am a part time grad student so have lots of baggage
something every girl needs
nothing else has worked before or since
which have been there since i was a teen
it works fine, wish they had this years ago..
at the sephora store in augusta mall
i am now in my thirties
i got this originally for my dry
i decided to purchase it
i am 35 years old
i also just had a baby
she asked me what i was using because she was
i received this as a vib reward
i regretted it -- my skin
when kimmy told me how this product works
have had acne for 30 years
nothing has worked but this!
my best friend gave me my first bottle for as a birthday present
in fact i have never bought any skin care this expensive
a co-worker said i was just glowing
now i am addicted
as a recent dior convert
i decided to purchase it
that hasn't been an issue for me
this has transformed my skin!
she started to use this serum about a year ago
she swears by this
has been nagging me to get it
which has been a dream of mine
boy was i wrong.
acne scars had disappeared
my 11 year old daughter said i looked like "an illuminating beauty"
i received this as a gift from work
i regret not knowing this serum earlier.
have had no complications
i just bought the bottle and love it.
even nicknamed it "facelift in a bottle."
dior spends a lot of money on their research
when my man noticed
my friend who works at sephora
my friend natalia received this a few years ago from sephora for valentines day
on the advice of a friend
my niece says that i have no pores
as i got older
i finally bought this during sephora's april sale of last year
t's been an entire year
balked a little at the price of this product
has been using this cream since it was debuted.
recently a friend gave me perricone cold plasma because she couldn't brook its smell
i ordered this product
took away my hereditary dark circles
the sephora associate assured me that this was her favorite
i am only 25 years old
i asked the girl at sephora
she recommended this one
this cream truly saved me a visit to the dermatologist
one of the ladies at my local sephora suggested this cream
as someone who has had dark under eye circles all her life
haven't had an issue
he's 12 years older than me
have tried everything known to man
i’ve had people comment on my skin
they can’t believe i am over 40 years old
the complaint about the smell
smells like something died in your h
im only 20 years old
my family have noticed this
my fiancee even noticed my skin looking less red
as a former lifeguard in the '70s
as someone who has suffered with breakouts in the past
i spoke to one of the sales reps
smells like home depot.
this has never broken me out
this product has been a lifesaver
this was recommended to me
i wish i had found this earlier
the lady at sephora suggested me this product
the closet sephora discontinued this product
i am also glad sephora staff introduced me to this one
this one is officially the winner
i started using this with the beginner kit
now that i am older
purchased another for a present
the boscia rep was there
told me about all their products
the rep knew i was on a budget
this product is a miracle worker!
the kit sold me on this
i always blamed it on the hormones from my birth control
i spoke to a retail associate
was recommended this product
i returned the kit the next day because i was allergic to the products
she has tried everything
this was recommended to me by one of the ladies
she recommended this to me
using a dime-nickle died amount will last you a couple of months love
this is one a sephora employee recommended
was introduced to it in a sephora store by a rep
a worker there recommended me this product
it has just been holy grail
i originally took a sample of this product as they idea of a clay cleanser was something new to me
for this product i had to
i tried this after my fave was discontinued
this is the first product that has worked!
5 years ago by caroline hirons
literally bought this product yesterday.
for a while there it looked like this product was discontinued
i've purchased several ren products lately
i recently started using this cleanser
this cleanser has saved my skin.
i've switched to this cleaner over a year ago after my old cleanser was discontinued
since i was in my teens
which i've never had in my life
it has worked wonders on my skin
my mother who is in her 50s also loves this product
my skin has been a wreck
i remembered this cleanser
me and my fiancé both use it and love it!
my pimps have completely disappeared
was sick of monthly breakouts
this product has worked wonders for me
she is now hooked as well!
this man showed me these products
the sephora specialist recommended this br
my skin has been breaking out lately
i originally purchased this to help with hyperpigmentation
as soon as i restocked this
as i said earlier
i just repurchased it a couple days ago
told me to stick with it
i began using this about a month ago when i was a month into my isoretinoin regimen because i was told my skin could become extremely dry
was met by an amazing person who worked there
they introduced me to this cream
which apparently was designed specifically for pregnant women
this is a miracle worker.
i re-purchased because i felt in love with this product
which i believe has been discontinued
for previously existing scars
alert: it has recently been renamed
this product saved my skin
i recommend this to anyone who has been searching for a skin savior
my skin as been very troubled with acne for a couple years now
nothing has ever adequately worked
nothing has ever worked
this is the first thing that has worked for me
i've never heard about ren before
nothing i had tried had worked.
i recently purchased this product
having read about the creater's wife suffering from pregnancy-related skin issues which ultimately led to the creation of ren
this product has saved my face
after suffering from acne for 20+ years
when i had acne has a teen
got this as a gift
found my self buying another one after
my daughter use this mask frequently
this also worked as a spot treatment.
realized i made a bad buy
it does still grad
recently discovered how to get the best use of it
i am in my mid thirties
my sister also gave me hers as she wasn't a fan of it
i picked up a sample of this the other day after having it recommended to me by a staff member
i ordered this to st
purchased this product and love it.
it is sold as a "day cream"
i am 45 years old
after using this they have completely vanished
i noticed that the women in my age group
like this while the younger women don't
killing the prescription regimen was my only hope
my skin has changed over night.
i received this creme with the calrisonic as a gift
which lately has been insane
at the ripe age of almost 32
being *ahem* on the older side
recently they changed their formula
which began around the ripe age of 12
i am approaching 37 years of age today
this has been life changing.
bought this about a year ago
i received a trial size of this and i was hooked.
what more can a girl ask for.
most recently i was using korres products
j bought them i decided to shop around for a new product
i've recently purchased my 3rd jar
as a former philosophy girl
a co-worker told me i had beautful skin
i am 41 years old
i received a bottle in a gift with purchase
to my surprise, it works as promised.
i am an early forties aged gal who is trying to get a grip on the lines
i tried this serum almost one year ago as part of a trial program that clinique offered
i would recommend this to my friends.
i used it sparingly with great results until my three year old daughter with stunning skin decided to douse herself in it
so i splurged and bought a bottle for myself.
my daughter remains wrinkle free :
i am now exploring others because this worked so well
it's a miracle worker for older skin.
about a week ago i was with my mother
people started complimenting me
recently started using the dark spot corrector
marionette have basically disappeared
i received a 2-week trial
where i worked was asked by many people what i had done to my face
which is the best thing a woman in her mid-thirties can hear
i discovered this on a cruise
it works wonders on my age spots
was a tanning junkie until i ran into one of my friends
whom i haven't seen in about a year
she looked much older than her age.
then had a friend try this
they just haven't worked for me in the past
this product has changed my life!
with an 8 week old
bought this in the three piece kit with the eye cream
people stated that i haven't aged in 25 years
ever since i found this
i initially bought this for sun spots
have enjoyed treating myself
i gifted this for my mom on mother day
i described it as "elephant skin".
initially worried about splurging on this product
i got bought the sampler that is 3 products
it turned out to be the miracle i've been searching for
have already recommended to friends.
have fallen in love
this is the first moisturizer that has worked for me
when i got recommended this
i also recommended this to my friend with oily skin
i am a college student
used my birthday money to buy this
i am a former smoker
working as a dog walker in the midwest
bought this because my skin turned red
i live in the north east
also have racoon circles.
i recently bought one of the beauty sets
after she explained the product
she reports that my 65-year old skin has vastly improved since my first application
the fact that i paid like 50$ for that amount of moisturizer broke my heart to pieces
this one is the only one that has worked well for my skin
i am a 23 years old women from korea who has a really sensitive skin
recently it started flaking
murad has changed my life with this product.
had my 20% off coupon
ok with this being said my fiancé decided to use it on his new tattoo
my skin looks 5 years younger.
i've tinkered with other br
s over the years
i love this hands down and am sold!
not even that worked
as i got older
shelled out the $65 for it
this moisturizer was originally out of my price range
within 2 days my skin had returned to its normal beautiful self
so i have been battling adult acne for a while.
its exceeded my expectations
the beauty adviser recommended this
the associate recommended this as a day cream.
let me just say at 45 yrs old
it has worked wonders for the wrinkling
gave it to my 66 year old mother
she has been using philosophy hope in a jar
i recently purchase this product.
but dior has outdone itself with this.
so while i initially balked at spending this much for a cleanser
started my sister using it as well.
i used the old dior cleaner a few years ago
for me it worked as advertised
i've felt that this product has worked amazingly
vital statistics: 58 years old/young.
my skin has been dryer
the first face moisturizer i ever repurchased.
i am almost 60 years old
worked well under my makeup
it was recommended to me at the bobbi brown counter at a department store
gave one as a gift to my mom and she loved it.
after recently completing my accutane treatment
initially its kinda pricey
the girl at the counter told me bobbi brown products are made for sensitive skin
which i was unaware of
asked what i was using
i noticed it in the store
bought the jar anyway
this was recommended to me by one of the ladies who works at sephora
i let her know i had been having scaly
weight for around my "no longer 29yr old" eyes
my children even say i'm looking younger
i chatted with the bobbi online rep to find out what face cream was equivalent
i got this cream as a gift
exclusively for the last two
i received it in a gift
i've repurchased this about 3 times.
it has done the job
was recommended to me at an bobbi brown event
i even recommended it to my mom
i wish i would've purchased this a long time ago
i've recently started getting into eye creams
has been part of my routine day
because the one i was going to buy was sold out
because with my previous cleanser
i hit the jackpot
haven't changed my clinique face soap for 18 years
my mom both use this
bought this one for my 19 year old daughter
oz claimed it worked wonders
i am 64 years old
i decided to try her products
so my boyfriend took this, and he loves it!
she said "buy this
this is a perfect substitute after a couple of years of searching
has primer built in
from bobbi's update school last year
nothing has been removed
being the perfectionist that she is
my sister-in-law told me about this bobbi brown lotion
when worn by itself
my mother just had to have surgery recently on the skin cancer on her nose
i repurchased this after my first one lasted for a year
i initially bought this to use prior to applying makeup
i might buy every one my sephora has a build a shrine to it in my bathroom
i worked 9 hours today, and blotted my nose once.
boy does it last
as recommended by jeffree star.
bought the jar with no regrets
this is a miracle in a jar.
cared for the next morning
this product has been a life saver for that!
the boyfriend said he liked it
my new found love!
honestly i've been living off samples of this for a while
my best friend bought me the full size for my birthday
changed the game of my makeup application.
jeffree star told me to get it
snow lover who lives in new engl
my skin has taken quite a beating over the years
a bobby brown rep told me its specifically made for combination skin
this works wonders under my foundation
this is the feeling of a lifetime
on a quest to find my old cheap foundation
bought this a few months ago after watching some youtube beauty guru rave about it being awesome
i got this for my mom as a gift
my hubby even used it after he underwent treatment for skin cancer
it worked miracles to heal his skin
i recently had a treat yo self day on sephora
bought this because jeffree star made it look amazing
i first tried this product at a bobbi brown event in my local salon
now just purchased a bottle
i went hiking with this as my primer
i recently bought this product
got a jar for my daughter who has combo skin
she also loves it
this oil has worked miracles on my skin.
people have been complimenting my skin since i've been using it as being 'glowy'
this stuff has saved my face
has been a life saver for my skin
have been told it glows
this has been a lifesaver for my skin
gave the sample to my mother who is 72 years old
accidentally ordered that one
none of them lived up to my expectations.
this is what i have been searching for!
it has brought new life to my eyes.
this has worked wonders.
i recently bought the origins eye cream to wear in the day
it has done nothing to fade mine
i'd recommend this for older women
my under eye area looks plumped and revived.
i am 30 years old
even though i haven't had luck in the past
my eye area has always been my downfall
my eye area looked younger in general
bought this product out of curiosity
old daughter is now giving it a try....
have had acne since about 13
she used it and the lines vanished.
i recently invented a new way to use firmx.
nothing else has worked except this product
purchased on the spot.
i look 20 years younger
i retired 3 years ago
for the last 3yrs i've been contemplating botox in that area
this is a miracle worker!
i felt as though i had a facelift.
my boyfriend told me he was leaving me for someone younger
my face looked 10 years younger.
my friends thougt that i had a facelift or something like it
i laughed hysterically at the before
bought this the last time was in your store.
fountain of youth for the day
it even smoothed out a laugh line i've had since i was about 16 years old
i immedately bought a tube.
bought it the next day
my 60 year old mother who looks 50 now looks 40!
i began pricing for plastic surgery
she's been hooked ever since
it worked so well friends thought i had an facelift
bought this product yesterday
this was suggested by a sephora employee.
nothing i tried fixed it.
you should've seen her face when i told her i was 37
she thought i was 22
my neck looks super firm
i ordered a new bottle
i got it as a birthday gift from sephora.
got it as a gift
i am fighting both adult acne
i received this as my birthday gift from sephora
tried it just for curiosity
i initially hated this, but changed my mind.
i got this as part of my little birthday gift from sephora
it actually lived up to all that it claims
bought this in a caudalie combo pack
i got this as a trial size in my birthday reward
didn't have high hopes trying this cream that i got as my birthday gift
i've repurchased it countless times
repurchased several times since received in play box
i received this as a birthday gift
i got this as part of the birthday present set
i started with premieres vendages
this has been a godsend for this area
when i got this for my birthday gift i was excited to try it
i've gotten this part of my birthday gift set
i promptly purchased the travel set with 5 products
received this as the birthday gift along with the serum
i received it as a birthday month giveaway
but this worked miracles on me.
i got this as a birthday gift this month.
my cousin got this as a birthday gift from sephora
i got this for the birthday gift and i loved it!
i got this in the sephora birthday gift
i chose this as my birthday gift
got this in the sephora birthday set
after repurchasing this product twice
my skin and i have been through a rollercoaster.
it has truly saved my skin
who would have known i had so much dead skin on my face
found this dream product
i've tried every product known to man
i've recommended this to my daughters
she gave me hers when she bought the product
i loved that it was light
last night someone told me i looked much younger
it has my vote!!!
i tried this on a lark
it has helped with former scars i have had since childhood
reapply once during the day
been hooked ever since
i were lucky to have met a representative of dermadr the day we shopped in the perimeter sephora
she helped my teenage daughters with their acne concerns too
while having lunch with a friend
i knew it was working
my friend confirmed it
i felt my skin looked "younger"
i moved to az recently
is fading my 'mask' from birth control pills
a sephora rep told me this can stay in the fridge
never is in stores
i've repurchased for this reason!
feels great after applying to your underage
plus my underage feels moist
as recommended by store associate
i originally bought this product to help reduce the puffiness of my eyelids
i am 40 years old
it delivered for me.
i live a busy lifestyle
my girlfriend was having a huge crying jag after fighting with her boyfriend
while she was redoing her makeup i gave her this product to use
i suspect nothing but surgery does.
the girl asst the store suggested it since i have some under eye puffiness
used by my brother too!
ii"ve been using this ever since the first day it arrived
since drug store br
my mom who is nearing 50 also uses it
it has worked wonders since she started using it
this is my gift to all my pals over 40!
my dark circles have almost completely disappeared
this was introduced to me by an associate she was so nice
tube version for traveling
have had acne problems for years
a friend of mine works at sephora
the sephora consultant recommended this cream.
the consultant did warn me it has a fragrance
my skin was instantly repaired
same thing goes for my boyfriend
even my daughter likes to use it.
have fallen in love
bought 3 of these on sale
this moisturizer however has been a godsend.
i originally bought this for my mom
i previously was using the origins ginzing oil free moisturizer
i am often mistaken to be 21 years old.
my son bought this for me for mothers day.
i am 60 years old
boy, it does work.
i started to notice that as i age
this was one of the candidate.
a good friend of mine finally talked me into buying this product
i tried the old formula before
i ordered this product
relectantly added this to the cart
instructed by the lady at the counter
this baby can last
my boyfriend has chronic dark circles
i got my boyfriend using this product as well
i've never had a product that actually worked this well
looked like i already had concealer on
the price kills me
almost kept me from investing
it runs in my family.
this worked for me!
took a leap of faith on my westchester sephora consultant vilma's
she graciously gave me samples if the top line products
she sold me the new shisheido eye cream which is amazing at mositurizing
when i first purchased this product
i'll defiantly will repurchase before winter
purchased this new formula
although at the tender age of 27 my skin took a
i recently began using lm products
thought the price was outrageous
so glad to have found this hidden gem :
have been breaking out lately
my daughter started using it
this product worked wonders
as i am a teenager
i got a couple of products as a gift
they had the cream in stock
people can't believe i'm 38 years old.
i first bought this to wear in the summer.
i hope sephora hasn't stopped selling it.
this company has been in business for ages
the shiseido rep was in the store
sephora rep suggested this line.
since her late twenties
she's in her mid-fifties now
this keeps her looking young
my mom is not one to shop for beauty products
recently have moved into the benefiance line
that is my only regret as i quickly became addicted
i've just invested in this amazing eye treatment
its my little secret!
is not touted as an age cream
it was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i also was the counter manager/cosmetics manger for la prairie
i can happily report that i have bought it
no other cream has worked as well as this one.
my last ysl eye cream cost $370
where has this been all my life?!!
they have since discontinued it
in the past eye creams have kind of worked
i am writing it on behalf of my mom
this was recommended to me by one of the sephora girls
for like a week i have been looking at my mom
bought this in a holiday set
i considered being a lawyer
a ballet dancer or a detective
delivered i would imagine
i keep mine in the refrigerator
this product has restored health to my eyes.
i am 31 years old
has made me feel like my youthful skin has been returned
i know some people complained about the scent
i first purchased this a year ago
i tried this in the store
helped with my bags
which is also sold in sephora
gave it to my mother to try since she love eye treatment products
works wonders for her
i am hooked 3 yrs later.
was sold after first application
already i am sold on this
it has been a joy to use
this product is a miracle worker
blush girl than a foundation girl
i explained my condition
i decided to trust her
and considered this brand is for matured skin.
gnorant they should be euthanized immediately
an associate suggested this product
while we were chatting
thanks to the on-the-spot testimonial i was sold
i am 48 years old
that is all it took to become addicted!
my aesthetician was wowed by my skin
bought on a whim as i needed a new serum
had $$ on a gift card at sephora
i went to sephora recently to purchase a serum
i recently bought the rejuvenating essentials set
was open to trying something new when the salesman offered to put some on my face
i gifted one to my mother.
biggest mistake until a friend told me about this site
it has overall been a lifesaver
in fact, i already have!
s over my 39 years of life
my skin was acting like it was 16
also, i have been unemployed for over a year.
the museum i taught at closed it's doors.
has been noted by my family
worked well at that
i wish they sold this by the gallon.
i've recommended it to my friends
definitely a product i have bought over
nothing has worked before now
i would not say that my pores "disappeared."
this is the only thing that has ever backed up its claims
it delivered as promised.
i wouldn't have believed it
my sister gave this to me to try
my friend that works at sephora insist i try it
son agreed that i'm "stinky" after using it
a few days ago a friend of mine wanted to know if i was using something on my face
i am a self proclaimed "product
only purchased it because i received a gift card for christmas
added in two other products 1 week ago as my treat for my 47th birthday
raised in southern california
have been surfing for multiple years
my sister accused me of having botox
it had done wonders
with my 51st birthday approaching
i am 50+ years old.
last christmas invested in a clarrisonic face wash sytem
i did spent about 3 months of doing research on the internet as this was an investment
this has worked wonders
(it has worked great alone for summer use.)
it hasn't been an overnight miracle worker like i found with cold plasma
my face seemed taught
this product delivered everything it promised
i never plan on having plastic surgery
while in sephora i spoke with a representative from algenist who explained all the natural
my sister used it
a consultant at my local sephora store recommended this product
i got this recommended by a sephora girl
bought it for my mother
nothing has worked until now!
my friends have all asked if i've been to a plastic surgeon
my boyfriend has started to use too!
a co-worker just went by
i am 43 years old
nothing worked for me
she is in her mid-fifties
my skin has never looked or acted better...
had a 22 yr old tell me my skin looked like porcelain
a sephora consultant recommended this one
ever since i turned fifty
at almost 60 years old
i asked others to pick my youngest looking h
have been obsessed with the entire line since
commented on how i looked younger
have been told by others
that i look 10 years younger
i think i've lost 10 years
felt it performed as advertised
00 which i found to be really expensive when i first purchased
my husband even noticed in just one day.
no one ever believes me which is saying something because i am a single mother of a 2 year old
every girl loves a compliment
boy have i been getting them since i started using this product
i live in the northeast
it worked so well that i have completely stopped using retinol a
i did recently switch though to the firming
i got the eye balm first at the suggestion of a sephora consultant in the store
she sold me on it and i tried it.
this cream makes me look years younger.
i paid $90 for a 2 oz jar
being 67 years old i am still young enough to have a hint of vanity
old looking places look younger
this one is a keeper
my foundation is from the drug store
the results have been
of course, i had to splurge and buy a jar!
i look younger then my 53 years!
previously, i gave this product 4 stars.
i am raising my rating to 5 stars
have recently struggled with adult acne
i recently switched from ole in the day time to this creame
i literally haven't found a moisturizer i've liked for years
being told you look like a renaissance painting never gets old
i wanted to save money
when they discontinued the old formula
i went online to purchase
who spends $90 on a face cream!?
definitely recommended by this combination skin girl
no moisturizer has worked this well for me
i am 30 years old
this cream was recommended to me by sephora consultant as a lancôme replacement
have bought it for my sister
photo is my daughter
me on her wedding day
i am 70 years old
lost it's restoriitive properties the sales gal at sephora suggested this line
3 months that it had paragons in it…
have weaned myself from it
i went back and purchased a 2oz jar.
because i have found the one
purchased the eye cream
been using it for over 3mths
so she loaned me some of hers
the employee at sephora recommended this eye cream to me
this product is a legend that many people swear by
i am only in my teens
i used the jar faithfully until it was gone
i ran out recently
bought a new jar of this eye balm
come to find out from the sweet girl who sold it to me it is a makeup primer for the eye area
i hit the jackpot
signed a mom of 4 in her mid 30's who hardly sleeps
i am now in my thirties
the cast member in store recommended this product
as i told the sales girl
the algenist seems to have worked amazingly in 2 weeks
my eyes look younger
then re-buy my old eye cream
if you are someone who has hereditary dark circles
eye skin condition became as old as the thirty years old skin condition even though i am still 23
have been using for almost 5yrs clinic eye cream rich
the only product that's worked for me!
my mom share it
i've tried every eye cream known to man
boy was i wrong!
my dark circles had vanished & i was in awe.!!..
product junkie in general
this balm has worked wonders for me.
it was about cdn$50
my bags are gone
this is youth in a tube.
even my husband commented how young i looked.
my eyes look years younger
i will be buying this for my mom who has under eye bags
my mom bought this because she suffers from some pretty intense under eye bags
when i was younger
loved the initial results
my mother has had both chemotherapy
radiation this past year
it has aged her 10 years
bought this for my husb
my sister introduced this to me.
being 56 years old is taking a toll on the skin under your eye
mine were really puffy
started searching for a replacement
finally found a product that works
a friend of mine recommended this product to me.
she purchased a tube for me because she was
just bought my 2nd bottle
how instantly this worked
here are some tricks i have learned from fellow sephora users:a
i am 44 years old
i got this ptr instant firm eye treatment in the $38 birthday kit
that has sealed the deal
it looks like i've had surgery.
nothing else i've tried worked
firm up the eye area where applied
bought this for my 80 year old mother for her crows feet
she loved the results.
the girl at the sephora store talked to me about it
i tried a tiny amount under my worse eye while she talked to me about the product
anyhow this worked for me
it's been an issue since i was in my 20's
nothing has worked for my bags
i needed to purchased it
have lived with it unhappily until trying this product
use it all over my 63-year-old face
nothing has worked until his product
i told my sister about it and she loves it too.
when i asked the saleswoman at the sephora store for the best firming treatment
i got a tube for my mother in law as well
i tried a similar product in a mall that was selling for $800
i could stock a store with all the items i have bought for my eyes
who has crows feet
the lady who suggested it to me told me its almost like "dap"
the first being a drug-store br
this is the only product that has worked for me
been purchasing for years now.
when i ordered this
it worked very well.
:( this product is a miracle worker.
was told that it was discontinued
the girl at the counter asked that i try this instead
i love this product-- i've been using it since it was in the old pink packaging
i recently had a baby
one of the women helped me pick a regimen.
this oil cleanser has changed my life
within 3 uses all traces of my eczema was gone
originally purchased because i forgot my face wash at home for a weekend getaway
josie maran is no stranger to me
it has transformed my skin
for 15 years i tried everything for my acne
abused my skin through the 80s
at night after work as a nurse
this have been a life saver for me
i am 25 yrs old
i look 10 years younger!!!!
this product changed my life and my skin!
bought it kind of on a whim
i also love how it looks just sitting in my old fashioned bathroom
this is why i removed 1 star.
i recently tried this moisturizer and love it!
i got this set for my birthday
bottle is almost done
my skin was alive
it has spf which my former moisturizer didn't
no break-outs for this girl!
have bought this 5 times
wished it was cheaper
i'd buy it in a heartbeat
i gave this to m friend
she says she loves it on her skin
one reviewer said it reminds her of what a mermaid might have on her vanity
my only complaint is
about a week into using this product i had a allergic skin reaction to something i ate
my sister loved this product.
i received this in a gift set
i tried it at the sephora store in knoxville on a whim
the adult acne is gone since i switched
the makeup representative used this on my face when she was doing my makeup
i wish i had started using it earlier
tried this in the store
ordered another jar of benefit
ive been using it for over a year already
i recently bought the full version because i loved it so much
truly resented the cost
use as a trinket-holder when i'm done
has been for a while
a personal story that happened today
did you get a facelift?
as soon as i discovered it
i received a sample of this in my benefit advent calendar
this has 100% taken care of that issue.
one that costed $85 for a bottle
which i paid under $10 for 5 ounces
i did let a friend borrow it when she needed to hydrate her face
i received the mini version of this product in a gift set
i recently bought this cream
i got a sample size of this is my countdown to love advent calendar
i've repurchased this for the past 2 years
i still hadn't found one
i've bought other moisturizers when this has been out of stock
just recently a new mother
this is he first eye cream that has worked
younger women at work want to have my eyes
i only have one complaint.
before they looked old
so glad i received this as a gift with purchase!
i immediately ordered another
my dark circles haven't completely disappeared
after a week of using this my sister asked me what makeup i was wearing when i was wearing none
i told her i had been using this eye cream
said she thought i was using some new concealer
it worked very well
for the roughest semester of my college years
nothing has ever worked for the dark circles
i just bought this yesterday
i received as a gift
this is the eye cream i thought never existed.
i started using this cream after being unhappy with my old cream
the only cream that has worked for my skinnygirl allergies
this eye cream worked miracles
i accidentally received a chemical burn due to the exfolikate
i've suffered from eczema all my life.
i am currently 6 months pregnant
the girl who helped me gave me a sample of this
i searched all the over the counter products for years with no luck
jurlique's entire calendula line has won my loyalty
i just accepted it as a fact of life for me
my skin is a nightmare
one girl who has yet to steer me wrong directed me towards this calendula balm
i suspect it was because of the fragrance.
who is 5 years younger than me
this product is dynamite.
she guided me towards this
my wedding is in 6 months
nothing has worked like this
acts younger since i've been using this
i am "maturing" at age 42
have had two kids
a friend recommended that maybe i try this one
since i have started using this cream they have almost completely vanished
even my husband noticed.
this was the only one that worked
can go without coverup
which it has done
i look like i haven't slept in a year?'
i just had a baby
purchased this product out of frustration
for this girl with chronic genetic dark circles
i inherited chronic dark shadows from my wonderful dad
nothing has worked until this product.
this was recommended to me by a sephora rep when i asked about undereye dark circle treatments
it smells like birthday cake
when i first researched products to help with dark circles
as an older woman
waited until i had a 20% off coupon to purchase it
i am 63 years old and an aesthetician.
my entire eye area appears revived
it has become a staple
i've recently been dealing with dry
a sephora employee recommended this one to me
have found that the crows feet i was starting to develop have disappeared
omly developed allergies this year
by the time i get dressed
i am 68 years old and love this eye cream.
imagine my horror when i recently went to sephora to restock
discovered that philosophy is discontinuing it
it would be mine
i learned my lesson
it is not a miracle worked
suggested to me by a sephra employee
my fine lines have disappeared
my beauty consultant recommended this product
found it by chance browsing in the store on day
lancome happened to have a gift special around mother's day
picked up a gift for my mom
great for under concealed in the morning
told them my problem
i visited my local store
used by everyone in the family from teenagers to 40'ish mom
girl what's the point of that?
my lady buys it for me.
i actually purchased this for my boyfriend who has a beard
this has become a staple in my bathroom cabinet
took it on a trip to visit my family in new engl
i asked a sephora advisor about it
she said it had to do with packaging
the weight listed changed from 5 oz to 3
just purchased this product for my sister right before christmas
i contacted ren about the air in the tube
the sephora employee who was helping me said she uses both
they were sold out that long
was introduced to this product by my salesperson
i gave this to my friend who was suffering from really bad acne
i recently switched from another
apparently mine were actually dark spots!
bought this on recommendation of beauty advisor at sephora to lessen dark spots on my face
only one of them had worked well on my skin
it had been discontinued
i began using ren products a year ago
at the suggestion of a sephora consultant
after years of battling acne
after a year, they had disappeared.
i ordered this about a year ago
i stopped using this serum a week before the aha "stopped working
bought this for my daughter
this is a great product from a woman who has tried them all
my face looks younger
my discovery of ren was a total fluke.
this product has changed my life!
i saw an interview with ole in some magazine where they talked about the revamp of this line
imagine my dismay when i arrived at my local sephora
the lady at sephora store recommended this to me
i am 60 years old and have tried many products.
i just bought another bottle to give to my mum
my life has literally changed
bought this product on reputation
i am a college student
the sales woman said this would help
this product was recommended
the ole line was recommended to me at the store
i chose it because it had spf15 in it
the sales associate recommended i try this
finally saved the money to order
that is my only complaint.
the dryness has disappeared
since that was discontinued this year
and nothing else has worked like this product.
this is a new product to me that the girl in the store suggested
officially into its thirties
immediately bought 2 jars of this
i just wish it worked more for anti-aging
the only problem is i asked the consultant in the store to suggest a cream for my bags
as a 27 year old i thought i was years away from spending $60 on cream just for my eyes
someone recommended this to me recently
i initially bought the high potency evening repair cream
i am now so relived since finding this face wash.
taking off my makeup seperately i finally asked a skin care girl about an all-in-one
i love it and wish i had discovered it years ago.
i've recently also been using it as a body wash
this is the 1st perricone product that i have purchased
1st of all i'm a huge perricone girl
an associate at sephora recommended me this product
i've found with this product
store employee recommended it.
this time i'm contacting the company.
i gave to my mother in her sixties to try
was devastated when it was discontinued
has been allergic to many products in the past
after years of shopping at sephora
i finally sought out a skinscare specialist at my local store
she bravely recommended it
bought it for my friend
in this week my wrinkles disappeared
i feel like i hit the jackpot
then moved on to more expensive ones until i found one that worked
i am 53 years old
he swears by it
i started using perricone md products about 6 months ago
have been a clinique all about eyes girl forever
i took that advice to heart
a friend recommended this to me
i first bought this at sephora while vacationing in scottsdale
the sales lady suggested this product
this has solved all my problems.
my milia has also disappeared
that was 3 times the price
a sephora consultant introduced me to the perricone md eye cream---
i am 25 years old
this has worked very well for me
it has worked well for me.
i noticed that my eye area was more firm
a rep at sephora introduced me to the perricone line
the skin around my eyes became so dry when i became pregnant
i told all of this to a sephora representative who highly recommended this product the eye cream
i am an early senior citizen
when i asked the lady to help me she directed me to a skin care associate to help me moisturize my skin
i wanted to cry, this is a miracle worker.
i decided to buy it when sephora had the 20% off sale
failed product after failed product this was recommended to me by a friend who worked for sephora
realized i was wasting money
so just recently bought another jar
this saved my face.
i recently started using josie maran argan oil underneath
since i passed decades with irritation
i believe i found it
i tried the texture at the store
even my boyfriend said it looked like it was glowing
i am 44 years old
my husband has noticed the difference.
my skin had been been red
perricone rep that was in the store
maybe my fine lines have outgrown it too
people even asked me if i had been tanning!
this is my life saver
has told me he sees improvement
the lady in sephora told me she swore by this
it worked for her
i did use religiously morning
co-workers who all loved it as well
i know i searched for years
had several dark spots from former acne
that was until i visited a lunch spot i regularly go to
the cashier asked if i had had braces removed
i said no--i hadn't worn any in the past 15 yrs
nothing has worked to lighten them
i first discovered this product in essence magazine
it seems to have helped that by a million
have been recommending it to my friends
my soon to be 55 year old h
nothing has worked to lighten them
this is the only thing that has ever worked
my skin has not looked this good since i was a young teenager
the age spots on the backs of my 50plus year old h
the small freckles i have had all my adult life are completely gone
i used this after i got home at 1 am from a show choir competition
after using this magic goody my skin feels like newborn baby :-
they worked wonders for my skin
first use i loved it
i’ve been a loyal fan of my current cleansing oil for four years now
with that being said
title says it all.
my 15 year old daughter
even younger ones like my daughter
i've tried every cleanser known to man
maybe this is for older women's skin
the complaints are from younger
i immediately had to show my friend
my only regret in buying this is that i am hooked
with that being said
far surpassed my expectations
i erroneously thought i had “acne” because i always had some kind of pimple on my face
i changed my face
this cleanser has been amazing it has cleared my nose
i received this as a gift
then splurged on the eye cream which al
so glad i splurged
went to sephora, the lady suggested this one.
it has grown on me
it has been a miracle worker for my combination skin
the sephora lady recommended it
i looked 5-10 years younger
i am recommending this to all my friends
this was recommended to me
i am happy to report that i am a converted girl now
at 40 yrs old i've noticed more fine lines
on a whim i checked out the beautypedia database
realized it was doing its job
tried it on a whim
i share this with my fiancé because he found that it works wonders on his skin as well
restock during the sale
i recently forgot to bring this on vacation
this came recommended from a sephora employee.
i balked at the price a bit
all my other products have been discarded
she has been using it since
only recently has my face started to react to things
that blemish has nearly disappeared
went to sephora to get a new foundation when the sales associate cleaned
moisturizer my face i immediately asked her what she used
since then i am a loyal fan
my sister-in-law convienced me to try
now all of my girlfriends want my secret
however, this has became my winter musthave.
started using the genius line from this company
it has delivered results
received this as a beauty insider mini
in this case mine
eye --- i've now purchased it all
bring me back to my youth when i was studying fine arts
like the title says, it actually has.
none have worked as well as this
my skin is transformed
my skin protested such
algenist has found a new customer!
with that in mind i embarked on a skin treatment journey
purchased it during the 20% off promotion
several people have asked if i've lost weight
at age 58 i have tried a million night creams
even at my age
so when i got my vib 20% off i splurged
bought it along with the eye cream
thankfully my birthday is coming up
i received a vib $20 reward card in the mail
used it today for my birthday gift
i am only 23 years old
have fallen in love
so far has met its claims
this is a 5 star product
after 2 weeks, i am sold.
i even put it on my 2 year old appendectomy scar last night
this has all disappeared.
younger in the morning
this product has saved me from the dry
share the goodies with friends!
when i first bought it
recently i went shopping a sephora
this product saved my life!
it has saved my skin
worked half as well
as if it has been recovered
i live in a town
living in the mountains
this was my savior during the winter
this product is a keeper!
it gave my friend a headache when she used it
my friend raved so much about it that i still bought it
i loved using clinique skin care products in few years
my skin has been looking plump
just purchased the large size last night because my skin rebelled when i stopped using it for a week
purchased this myself as well
this is a miracle worker.
after my friend told me about the clinique turn around overnight serum
which is another blessing
it has changed my skin
i just recently started a new birth control that is slowly
this is a miracle worker
i've dealt with acne for years
this product worked miracles literally overnight.
i buy a jar religiously 2-3 times a year.
have now happily forked over the nearly 50 bucks to buy his stuff
now i'm addicted to this product!
i owned a jar of this about a year back
i never had any issues with acne in school
bought this on a whim
now that i have bought the jar
even purchased one for my mom with dry skin who is in her late 50s
what more could a girl ask for!
i went on vacation recently
one of the beauty consultants used this on me in-store when i was searching for lipstick
i would definitely recommend this to a friend.
bought this after i had a makeover
used this for my oldest step daughter
i've tried drug store br
works just as described!
my friend recommended me this last year
have recommended to my friends
this product changed my life!
love this stuff, have already bought this twice!
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
a friend recommended this for me and i love it.
was hit by a drunk driver while riding his bike
he was in a coma
recently decided to switch to this
i introduced my mom to this while on a family trip
she purchased some for herself the week we came home because she loved it
i am a busy stay at home mom
it has replaced my old moisturizer.
i enjoyed applying this under my eyes
i became obsessed immediately
i received this product as a gift from influenster
making me look younger and younger
it works wonders at depuffing
others were made up evil gnomes
studying for the next test
this one has converted me
this has been my go-to eye cream for years.
my teen has started trying this around her eyes too
i would have purchased this on my own
am a first time mom to a 7 month old that has yet to grasp the concept of sleeping through the night
until i tried this little miracle worker
i recently received it for free by influenster vox box
i received this voxbox from influenster
i am 26 and have had acne since age 13.
moisturizer has restored my 12 year old skin
it has transformed my skin
this cleanser has changed my life.
this product changed everything
the last one being this cleanser
bought this one on a whim
it has replaced my cetaphil cleanser.
this has been my go-to cleanser for years.
i've had acne on my face since i was a teenager
it worked very well
my sister gave this to me since she wasn't really using it
my mom uses it
after searching i was recommended this product at sephora
it has been life changing
my skin has transformed a lot
go to the origins store
the lady told me about this
this is the second origins product i've purchased
i used this entire regimen on my 13 year old nephew
it worked like a charm
where has this been all my life?!
since moving to charlotte from miami 9 months ago my skin has been acting
even when one has already formed
she told me all about this because i was in desperate search of something to help with my newly acquired acne scars
she told me to try this because she had been using it for a week or two
didn't work for my friend
my pre-teen daughter was having some issues with blemishes
i've tried numerous drug store
my friends wedding is in a couple weeks
it's as bad as it was when i was a teen
i've tried it all: drugstore br
my 16 year old daughter loves it, too.
i am 45 years old with rosacea
nothing has ever worked on my annoying pimples
my wife over a year
i am 27 years old now!
my teenage daughter has been experiencing acne
claims that this has helped her complexion
request it for birthdays
i am 60 years old
i've suffered from acne for years due to monthly "friend"
i've suffered from acne for years due to monthly "friend"
i've suffered from acne for years due to monthly "friend"
i began using this moisturizer while i was pregnant
my skin has become dryer as i've gotten older
initially i received this during a promotion.
when i was a teen i used to have a lot of acne
a friend bought me a travel size
a friend gave this to me on my 27th birthday-
white on the pumper part
my skin appears revived.
however i have never been diagnosed with this condition
i recommended it to 2 of my girlfriends who are almost 50
everyone i have suggested try it has been hooked
and the skin guardian is great as a primer.
bought this a year ago
already ordered a new one
has never broken me out
have purchased sooo many of these jars!
i've recommended it to all my friends
i first purchased this last year.
secondly i have worked for sephora for over 3 years
i am 34 years old
and the scent never gets old!
embarrassing acne scars since i was 11 years old
ever since i've been applying it
i took a leap of faith
my pimples have vanished
since i had acne
for someone who never had skin problems until my twenties
my mother with combination skin switched to it
this was my 1st expensive product that i spent on when i was 19 years old
i've just purchased another tube
which i accidentally purchased thinking it was this one
lives up to its claims
it is an acquired taste
my sister turned me onto this product.
i happened upon this brand by accident.
my only complaint is the smell
it doesn’t show the stress that i previously had on my face
the saleswoman recommended this
not drying as i originally thought it would
my friend used some
repurchased this product twice so far
've tried hordes of skin products
the first time i used it a friend of mine saw me
which i found was a problem with glamglow
my boyfriend has been loving the out of trouble 10 minute mask by origins
when he repurchased it
my sister also loves!
a friend recommended this to me, and i love it!!
i am 45 years old and this does absolute wonders.
this worked very well
to my amazement it worked
of course its not a miracle worker
this mask has been a holy grail for my face
i just bought my first house
haven't repurchased it yet
this has solved all my problems.
it also lasts forever i've had mine for a year.
for a nurse who works a lot of night shifts
about 4 months ago i developed eczema on my eyelids
i am a mother of 3 kids under 5
i recently ran out
i knew i needed to try eye doctor
my eyes have been an issue for years
it was sold out online
not sold in the store near me
i feel wakened immediately.
i repurchased since i didn't have much left.
the was recommended to me
i've already purchased 4 pots of it
my eyes are 56 yrs old
wished i got one with brightening
a friend of mine who worked at origins for 3 years told me about this
i just moved to northern canada
has worked wonders for my irritated
the girl at the store suggested this when i complained that my eyelids were very itchy
solved my problem in a day
i initially bought it to help my acne
it has saved my skin
nothing has been working until i found the zero oil line
so i went and purchased this.
this cleanser has changed all that!
now my teenage daughter does too
this cleanser has seriously saved my skin.
i've had acne since i was 13
i finally found a cleanser that works for me
i work in a kitchen
was recommended this product
i researched and bought this and i am sold on it.
defenately a winner in my book.
i wish i hadn't waited 2 weeks to purchase.
this was recommended to me by a friend
boy was i wrong!
i just bought this!
i knew there was a sephora nearby
nothing worked until now
i am entering my 2nd trimester of pregnancy
when a friend told me about the zero oil line i was hooked
a friend bought me this to try
i run for it when i've been a naughty skin parent
it had been a very long time since i had masked.
i recently purchased this mask
have been loving it
i felt like i had been burned badly
they were all sold out
which i heard is amazeballs
found it in this tube
i tried this on a recommendation from a friend who suggested tissuing it off rather than rinsing it off
that i thought was working
this product has always worked for me
my staple for long plane-rides
must say this has converted me to an origin's girl for sure
i am a 35 year old springboard diver that is outside
as the name says
i decided it was time to take a leap of faith
this product however has saved me!
one of the workers at the sephora i shop at regularly recommended this
until over a year ago i was told i need a moisturizer
if you live in the north
living in the south though
bought this on a whim
that is my only complaint.
bought this mask just to add to a purchase
i received this item as a gift from a friend of mind
have been dealing with acne for 6 years
i decided to give this mask a go because my sister loved the origins active charcoal mask
i assumed that it would strip my skin
for this product i had to
on the recommendation of a sephora employee
being a 20 year old who drinks
the employee suggested this mask
had previously been using
this is a lifer saver!!
i recommended to several friends
this stuff saved me
it also works after you've already popped it
this mask saved my life and i got so obsessed!!!
definitely a staple in my household.
origins has never failed me.
i recently entered my thirties
originally bought the pod as a stocking stuffer for my mom
after talking to a salesperson at the origins store
nothing has worked as well as this product has
i recommend using this night before wedding
remembered i had this mask
as a girl in my early 20's i'm starting to experience very different skin from that in my teen years
i reordered it from their website
i disassembled the 'pump' before purchasing another jar
not one has worked out for my skin
use it after the gym
thought it worked well
with that being said
i just bought this the other day
i am 30 years old
since i've been using this bad boy
have had chronic issues with acne since i was a teenager
seriously the best purchase i've made recently.
i noticed since i've been using this moisturizer
with that being said
nothing had worked as well as this
i've repurchased this 3 times now
my coworker even told me that i look pale
asked if i was sick
i recently purchased the girl on the fly pack for a trip to europe i was taking
drinking alcohol almost every day of the vacation
multiple friends have been complimenting my skin since i've been using
it has to be black
recently i've been getting it around my eyes
a sephora beauty consultant recommended it to me during a makeover
i ordered this after ordering the origins gingzing eye cream
i originally received a few samples of origins plantscription anti-aging eye treatment
i used it morning & night faithfully.
all if which he claimed were scams
have been hooked ever since
i never recommend products to friends or family
bought it on a whim
this is one of the few that i have ever repurchased
this product has made me an origins fan
this is the first eye cream i've purchased.
before origins developed this one
this is cream has worked miracles!
loved the plantscriptions for the face
my skin is thanking me
my hyperpigmantation is already 50% gone
hoped they would work for me since they were formulated with men in mind
originally got them for my husb
is definitely a secret gold mine for women too
it has changed my skin
ever since i started using these my skin looks younger
bought one for me
one for my mom
this summer my skin has been acting up
have received tons of compliments on my skin since
said to a customer whom the clerk was trying to convince
i am now sold as a clinique customer.
my mom had the older version of turnaround
recently bought this newer one
i am 50 years old
i tried this product out on a whim
just recently started to use it
the old turnaround cream that was discontinued worked better
i just recently purchased this product
twice a day, every day--i'm a lifetime fan!
had to find something else when it became discontinued
this product has changed my life forever.
nothing worked like this!!
recommending to my fellow peers
this saved my skin
then i found this little miracle worker
after the wonders it has done for my skin its become a staple in my beauty arsenal for the last couple of years
this saved my face!
the only moisturizers that have ever worked for me are like this
it saved me this winter.
bought this on accident
i grew up watching my mom use clinique
it is a miracle worker
i remembered using the older formula years ago
it saved my skin in one night
have since i was in my teens
i originally purchased the regular moisture surge
nothing i tried worked with my skin
nothing has worked as well as this product
nothing was working until i tried this moisturizer
i tried this product over a year ago at the suggestion of a sephora employee
was given this by a sephora clerk
everything the sales associate said it would be.
was in the store
the attendant recommended this
nothing is going to work a miracle on aged skin
a sephora store employee recommended me this product
avery knowledgable sales person helped me with this told me it was comparable
i am 40 years old
a sephora associate recommended this after seeing me walk around the soap
i originally balked at the high price since it was my first time purchasing an anti aging product
what sold it for me was that she also has rosacea
many nights are sleep deprived due to an ill family member
you look alert and younger.
as i have aged
this product was recommended by the sephora personal shopper
after all the hype from a store visit
nothing has ever worked for me in the past.
i am almost 59 years old
this sales lady insisted i try this on
while i thought it was helping to lift my eye- my suspicions were confirmed when a friend who i hadnt seen in several months asked me of i had had eye lid surgery
all the eye "magazine award winners"
this is wonderful for middle aged women who have crepiness in their eyelids
i am 32 years old
it worked for me!
nothing worked nearly as well as this
it worked very quickly for me
some have worked to some degree
after about 10 days my lids looked firm
it was an investment
my teenage daughter even noticed
my mother both love it
i've was given a trial amount
my coworkers have even noticed
the girls at sephora told me abouth this new product
the sales associate tried this product on my eyelid
the sales girl at sephora swore up
a beauty advisor recommended this product to me.
i originally thought that just one moisturizer was enough for my skin
this has been my saving grace this winter!
fine lines that had recently just started to develop virtually disappeared
it saved m life!
have recommend it to my friends
when i first bought it
i first tried it on vacation with my aunt
just with three days of use my friend noticed how much my skin has improved
previously worked at sephora before
had never tried this product
it started to becoming more firm
i've re-purchased this cleanser a number of times
works a dream on the skin
it's the first product i've bought from this br
i recently bought it again
only one other product i've ever tried has worked to clean it
it was recommended to me by a friend
my friend told me it's the best my skin's ever looked
at first i was dedicated to fancy
my husband even uses it!
i received this as part of a boscia face kit
now fights with his 23 year old sister over whose cleanser it is
my daughter is a preteen
it has changed my life
my ex-boyfriedn also tried this
a friend commented that i must have lost weight
my skin has never felt so smooth and firm.
which i hadn't been experiencing with the clarins cream
have been shopping sephora for 10+ years
a sephora salesperson said it has a lot of oil
loved the way my skin looked so ordered a jar.
have purchased 2 jars since.
received this as a beauty insider goodie.
my dermatologist told me at the start of this year to
as i had when i was younger
skin sensitivities i hadn't had before
receiving compliments for my skin
i wish i had been using this years ago
received as a gift since i love other algenist products
bought this for my mother
claims that this is the only anti-aging solution that worked for her
made her look younger.
my older sister (33) loves it too.
already after first use asked her what kind of a facial treatment she did
it has paid off well
i wanted something that would firm
found this product a year ago
after receiving a gift certificate for my birthday
i received one as a gift
as i get older
i look years younger
i am 44 years old, but my skin looks amazing!
i like to think i succeeded
i also lost 10 lbs
my skin has renewed spring to it.
jar, i was sold, despite the price.
it looked like it did 5 years ago
gave in and bought it.
the woman at sephora talked me into buying this eye gel
she uses it herself
she told me it works great with the opal
forehead successfully over the years
even my husband noticed.
one at my bedside
recommended by the cosmetologist who did a makeover for me back in may
i do look young for my age
even my husband uses it!
this is the only one that has worked.
for me this has worked
i'd think someone paid for this
this was the first firm
if i was a member of the 1%
my skin has lived a lot lore than it should have at my age
a sale associate at sephora suggested this product to me
the one girl working there recommended this
i am in your age group
this moisturizer worked like nothing i've ever tried
purchased it 3 times already.
from drugstore to expensive br
she told me to drop the clinique
the lady suggested me to this one
i decided to try this moisturizer after it was recommended to me
i love this product so much that i've repurchased it every year since 2012
religiously for the last 3-4 months with great success
i used this bad boy
bought this a long time ago
which has never happened
i just recently started taking care of my skin!
the makeup artist introduced this stuff to me
this was introduced to me during an in-store consultation
as it was recommended to me by a sephora employee when i was visiting my sister
my problem is solved
this mosturizer has been a blessing
an associate referred this to me because i have combination skin
my face is thanking me for it
it's been mine summer favorite for a few years.
my prayers have been answered
this was a recommendation from her
i began using this in my wedding beauty preparation
i am a mature woman
hit the jackpot with this one- love it!
never burned my skin
a girl at sephora recommended this product for my skin
i've bought this product three times :
this creme was suggested by a sephora associate when i told her my issue
the moment i tried this i was addicted!
reapply throughout the day
also only a tiny amount is needed so the jar will last a longtime
i recently stopped taking bc
this balm has saved my skin!
i found this during my last pregnancy
this has become my guilty pleasure.
so now the old formula
bought it through them
my skin looked younger
even my mother who has
she has been asking what i've been using
my little sister and i love this product.
this has been my holy grail
even turned my mother on to it
i just had a baby
which was a wonderful discovery
received this in my playbox
i will say i have sensitive 36 year old skin
have recommended it to all my friends
bought this three times
just like the name says, roses !
i’ve been interested in sleeping masks
the sales girl told me how great it was
upon seeing me recently
mother would use when i was younger
ever since dior discontinued my foaming face cleanser several years ago
this was recommended to be by a friend
i tried this as a friend of mine recommended this as it is like a 2 in one cleanser
i saw this cleanser advertised in an email
boy was that a mistake!!
except that i use this instead of my old cleanser
everything that had ever been recommended to me
this was recommended to me
full disclosure a ren rep was in the store
now i am hooked for life
this product changed my life!
the sales associate was using it on my h
i recently got sucked into the oil craze.
this is a miracle in a jar
wiped it off it worked like a charm
it has changed my life
this has been the st
i am a flight attendant
i recently attended a sephora event
she recommended this product
i am 57 years old
i've recently fallen in love with this product!
have recently gotten bad acne in my late 20's i hate it
with that being said
my mom actually purchased this product
she passed it on to me
i asked the sephora assistant what it did
she said that since my most concening problem was tone
i am 56 yeas old.
then i started researching about peptides.
after using it for a few weeks my cousin said to me "what's all this beautiful skin about?"
has worked wonders on those
this product saved my skin
i noticed it worked the next day
it was amazing how quickly it worked
this winter has been murder on my skin
i am 63 years old
finally found a product that works.
the salesgirl recommended this as an all in one solution
recently it has been looking dry
i recently invested in this moisturizer
had been using ole henriksen products for years when i decided to try philosophy's miracle worker after receiving a deluxe sample
after two weeks of using it i had strangers telling me that they thought my daughter
i remember why i stuck with ole's products for years
this is the only one that has worked for me
i recently switched to a few ole henriksen products
i am 47 years old
i recently switched from proactive to kate somerville wash
that is my only complaint
the fragrance is not a nuisance as described by others
it was the first oh product i ever purchased
this creme saved my skin.
this one works wonders
the sales associate gave it
was informed that there moisturizer is also made with spf
recently was introduced to this line of products by one of the skin care advisors in the store
this cream has changed that
i recently switched after years of using another br
you look like when we first married."
this moisturizer was suggested by a sales consultant
never competes with my perfume
this saves my life
i immediately bought another to keep in my bookbag
my most recent purchase is going to a friend
a good friend of mine introduced this to me one night when i was having a pretty bad attack
my coworker had purchased this
some co workers about it
they all bought it
my husband says it lasts for a while.
yoga teacher put it on my forehead one night
bought this just to get to my $75 limit
my mother gave me this
i ordered this online and received it today.
i 'thought' it was working
that has never happened in the history of my life
i applied my foundation
this was recommended to me by a skin care pro at a sephora store
this is great for the ladies who have adult acne
i originally got a teensy jar
this product has been a miracle worker
at first trying it i was a little skeptic
this product was recommended to me by a sephora store employee when i was in to purchase make up for ever sens'eyes
once i worked into the skin
i initially bought the creme as i have dry-combination skin
that product was recommended to me by the sales advisor
i tried this in sephora and bought one.
so bought one for my morning ritual
i initially bought this product for my husb
got this for my husband.
bought 2--one for me & one for my boyfriend.
his under shadow had disappeared
i remembered i had gotten this as a reward a long time ago
this has been a life saver
i knew i had to buy it
this product worked immediately in the store when it was applied
bought it on the spot
it is my new 2015 beauty regiment
my original plan was to buy this
have bought a second one already
who is more macho man than beauty man
i am 41 years old
it worked instantly on my under-eye bags
the sephora employee who was helping me said she kept hers in the refrigerator
i initially bought this for my fiance
dark circles since very early childhood
bought this on a whim
if i had one complaint.
bought on the passionate recommendation of an associate at my local sephora store
its genetic- everyone in my family has them.
this one is a go from my mother!
asked if i was using foundation
i initially bought it because the hydra-quench cream i wanted were sold out everywhere
she was 78 years old
people always thought she was her 40s or 50s
tried to find the jar i remembered her using
it delivers results on 50-year old skin.
i've found this moisturizer is the one i've been searching for my whole life
a few years ago i over used 30% professional glyco-lac peel
i knew i had to act
the fragnance is old school
since then i have fallen in love with this moisturizer -scent
i recently purchased another moisturizer around the same price point
i ordered this product after trying
purchasing my 3rd bottle.
i erroneously thought i had “acne” because i always had some kind of pimple on my face
i changed my face
finally i branched out
it has a lot of alcohol
i've never had luck with serums.
that had taken years of trial
have never had success
very acne prone even at 43 years old
can visit the headquarters
i erroneously thought i had “acne” because i always had some kind of pimple on my face
i changed my face
it has been working perfectly
i e-mailed the company
this has been doing the job
invested in this cream
one star off since it is expensive.
now i am pregnant it has changed
i discovered we both use it
as a girl with problem skin
found both versions worked well for me
recently got this product and i love it.
this angel of a product however
even my mother loves it
my skin has been loving it
with that being said
wonder how i ever ate such food
this is the face oil of the century
bought the 0.5 oz bottle.
haven't broken out since.
my skin has come to life
as my skin gets older
i've had mine for 3 months
acne prone so oils have never been my friend
a girl at sephora recommended this to me
it has saved my skin!
this helped to repair it
i've owned it for 7 months
i started using this oil about 9 months ago after my son was born
i found this one
this has become a holy grail in my family!
had only owned it for a week
after years of designer drugs and cigarettes.
i've had problem skin since age 13.
i've got a closet full of department store
has never wronged their body in any way
since then i had a facial done from a very well trained facialist who explained that firstly
enjoyed hearing how much science is behind her oils
boy, was i wrong?
father in his shop
this product lived up to all my expectations.
not only has the redness on my face died down
i cannot recall a time in my life when my skin has been this soft
they worked well for my skin
this product has changed my life.
first started purchasing sr products from barneys
when my skin is behaving
only this cream worked
nothing worked until i found this
most have worked well
my sweet sister offered to help me with wedding clean up or honeymoon prep
this has worked absolute wonders for me in the past 72 hours
my skin looks like it did when i was a five year old
my boyfriend used to have acne
my dark circles disappeared
it worked so well
my sister also used this product
i tested this product out from a friend who had highly recommended it
now that i've purchased it
i am 28 years old
my pores have vanished
only the ceo in the morning
it transformed my skin.
i recently added luna
this product worked miracles on me
i originally purchased in the power duo set
and boy did it perform!
while my dark spots haven't disappeared
surprisingly, this worked wonders!!
i complimented a woman on her skin
i've worked in many beauty retailers
have worked with medical grade products
has changed a lot in my 20s
i've recently discovered that i've been treating my skin all wrong
have convinced my mother
sister to start using it too
that is also sold at sephora
my skin paid the price
recommend it to all my friends
i always thought as a 27 year old my skin was firm
using this they completely disappeared
i finally caved and bought a bottle.
i am a pageant queen for my community
as a longtime vib rouge customer
this isn't a miracle worker
so when i received my shipment i returned it
it was a miracle in a bottle.
boy was i wrong.
it was changed my skin
this has been a game changer
i started out buying the sunday school kit at the recommendation from an associate
nothing had worked for me.
i've gone through 3 bottles of this
my skin has been loving it
granted this hasn't shrunk them into oblivion
it helped with the look of my pores that i almost forgot they existed
i recently received this in my sephora play!
recently my skin has been in a mood
i've spoken to a few people who use this
i am living for it
that has not been the case
this has helped a lot
my daughter told me about this product.
though not all of the products worked for me
i decided to treat myself
bought this as a substitute
since i found probably the last two tubs of my discontinued fave repairwear day
i consistently get told i look 10 years younger than i am
after my products are gone
my youngest child had started "tracing" the lines from the corner of my mouth to nose
boy was i wrong
after it worked wonders
finally i have found the perfect product for my 50 year old skin
a sephora employee told me to press it into my skin
i am in my mid thirties
this algenist was recommended to me by a skin care rep at sephora
apparently they've advanced past being 'fine lines'
i changed my regimen to lancome visionnaire
have never made a product endorsement
this product is a miracle worker.
i am 30 years old and have fair skin.
the photo i uploaded has not been retouched
always in search of the fountain of youth
they have not disappeared
i ordered it online
as the previous poster remarked this is totally a 'hg' product
was shocked- i looked at least 5 years younger
i still hadnt found the product
after i first purchased it
although never formally diagnosed
although it hasn't disappeared completely
it's also worked out for my mother as well
ed on this moisturizer about 5 years ago
this is a must…especially for teenagers!
it has worked wonders for my skin
purchased the 30 day trial
none worked for me
i tried philosophy because a friend swears by it
was no miracle worker on its own
we are currently stationed in south korea
both of those products worked fine
i'd say this product has helped.
my 16 year old daughter loves this moisturizer.
she has had problems with acne in the past
i developed adult acne in my late 20'a out of nowhere
this was recommended as a night moisturizer by the girl who works at sephora
the only product that worked
at the suggestion of a friend
it saved my skin!
this has changed my life .
always in my purse
nothing has changed ever since
it worked for me
years ago my 1st review i read about this product was in bride's magazine that every bride should carry this in their bags
bought for brides to use on the day before their wedding
this product worked in 24hrs
i grew to love it
this line from philosophy worked wonders for me
have used the product formerly known as " hope in a bottle"
one day while i was shopping in my local sephora
i've searched for a moisturizer that would last
i enjoyed this face cream!
wowed by this product.
tried this cream in the store
i recently moved to hamburg
i buy this as gifts for family who are al
also saved my hubby's nose
this product has literally changed my life
my sister has the same problem
it worked wonder for her too
a sephora employee told me to try it
it was recommended by one of sephora's mua.
this product saved my skin!
what sold me on it was how rich it felt in the store
then co worker told me about this.
after i made the giant life mistake of using proactiv
i went to my local sephora to purchase another one
they were sold out
i live in the south
it has been a god-sent
just bought it today
ordered this after buying the sephora collection body
was introduced to this one while getting my makeup done one day
boy was i wrong
a women at sephora recommended this product to me
at the drug store
none worked as well
i slept with it on
i put mine in the frigde before using
i saved it until i had a very stressful day at work
the bags had vanished before my eyes
ever had a sleepless night
this isn't a miracle worker
we've all been through that breakup
this mask saved my
revitalized after using it
my daughter tried them after i told her
this was recommended by a sephora associate
knew that it was working
in my job, i travel extensively.
once at the hotel
my son is 11 weeks old
i used it before my wedding day
it worked for a 2nd time
my bags were less prominent
since my day to day life is so busy
that was recommended to me
// i've gotten two uses out of mine
i reuse mine about 5 to 6 times and it was fine.
when studying for exams
i actually bought this mask for my mom
she also did noticed her eyes were depuffed.
this has helped me with my breakouts
a drink or two at a business dinner
i did this (and lost 13lbs!)
granted my acne isn't gone by morning
have recently replaced it with this
even my boyfriend uses some of it
it has taken time
recently i have been having a lot of problems with my skin
nothing worked as well as this product
it started in my thirties
it came recommended by a sales associate at the oak brook store
regular old acne at 27 years old
i originally bought it because i was having a cystic acne episode
i am so glad that an associate recommended this to me after i told her of my troubles with hormonal acne around my jaw line
this product actually lived up to my expectations
re-added it to my cart
when i stopped replacing it
i've started using the clarisonic mia which has worked wonders
i tried something new with my skin recently
when i stopped taking birth control pills
s to deal with my adult acne
i did not have it as a teenager which was a blessing
i just discovered this product
so much so that i originally purchased the 30 day trail
recently returned to purchase each product individually
i loved it so much i told my sister she had to purchase it
my skin is finally maturing
i've had a case of adult acne
25 happened and adult acne happened!
i never had acne or any skin problems until about 3 months ago when i moved out of my house in chino hills
nothing was working at all.
immediately i loved it as a base for my foundation
this moisturizer was recommended to me by someone in store
i love, love, love it and immediately ordered it.
it was recommended for that
i actually now prefer it to my old moisturizer.
then a store associate recommended this
i loved it was using it for a while
this is my go-to miracle worker.
for someone who has had consistent acne breakouts since i was a teenager
have purchased this for years.
as it has burned
messed with my contacts previously
i originally got this with another moisturizer
was quickly reminded why i originally switched to this product: it absorbs instantly
i herd the product was good
this product was recommended by a sephora employee
i told her that i wanted a non-greasy
so i initially loved this moisturizer.
i never dreamed of that.
after using a lot of moisturizers i finally found mine
s on as a fully fledged oil assassin
i recently got complimented on my pores when i went to sephora to buy porefessional primer
i've tried other products since i first purchased the stay matte
none lived up to what they promised
after a friend told me to buy this one
as previously commented here
it's worked out fine for me
this product has changed my life!
my fiancé even asked what i'm doing to my skin cause i'm glowing
i happened to be in the store when the perricone rep
as is indicated by the title
as a woman in my fifties
i love how this product has changed my skin.
thanks sephora for carrying it!
one even asked if i've recently had work done.
i liked using this mask before a event wedding
this mask is a keeper
it saved my skin
i originally tried this out after getting a caudalie gift for my birthday in february
i originally tried this as it was said to be a big glass of milk for the skin
it was life-changing for me.
after a recommendation from a friend a while back
i've loved every caudalie product i've tried
has returned my skin to normal
i've tried so many products, and none worked.
i started using this a month before my wedding
once my skin starts behaving
although i just purchased the caudalie night time moisturizer
this product is a miracle worker!
this has saved my skin
i spoke to the beauty consultant about my concerns
a sephora assistant recommended this product to me
it has saved my skin.
a friend recommended this to me
ran out to my local sephora to repurchase
caudalie has been a lifesaver since ending a course of accutane
repurchased this beautiful body oil recently
i've noticed that when i'm at the gym
i've repurchased this a few times.
bought this as a splurge to try for a summer wedding
i opened it recently
i'd never heard of this oil
it saved my skin
my boyfriend also uses it for his hair and face.
have been addicted ever since
my daughter also uses in her hair.
this has become a skin care staple for me.
although i'm an oil junkie
i never believed using oil could help acne.
i loved that it wasn't tested on animals
i been suing it on my face morning
have been hooking all of my co-workers with the smaller sampler one
i wish it came in a perfume!
bought this knowing it would be gentle
the sephora associate recommended this mask for me
this has been my lifesaver.
bought this a little while ago
she mentioned she was breaking out
i've re-purchased this, which is rare for me!
runner for a law firm
on a whim i ordered this product.
got this as the yearly "birthday present" from sephora
i say "loved" because my skin has changed
i first tried this product as a recommendation from a sephora employee
i've never found anything that has worked as well at keeping my oil at bay as this has
a store associate at sephora turned me on to this product
my sister was recommended this by the sephora lady
found it life changing
the sephora consultant recommended this to me
i've already purchased my second.
where has this product been all of my life!!!!!!
since moving here i have searched high
i've experimented with plenty of br
this moisturizer had been an absolute blessing
trust me boy it was my lifesaver
this cream has been a life saver!
this product saved my skin
i got given this as a recommendation when i had had several allergic reactions
the associate suggested this
my skin has never been the same since
since finding this cream
as mentioned by the sephora sales associate
there i met a very helpful sales lady who gave a couple different recommendations
the store associate recommended the caudalie line
this worked for me within a week
i like the fact that the product was made from grapes since i grew up on a grape farm
she recommended this one
it worked for me
although nothing replaces good sleeping habits
i gave this to my sister
after 8 years of working the graveyard shift i started noticing that i was developing dark circles around my eyes
dark circles have been a concern of mine since i was very young
still felt the same as described above
it has become a staple in my morning routine
i wanted a fix to my dark circles that runs in my family
i got this as a gift
the dark circles have not vanished
is it a miracle worker?
an unfortunate gift from my mother
resigned myself to a life of concealers
actually purchased from a different store
my sister-in-law needed an eye cream for dark undereye circles
the salesgirl showed her several that are highly recommended
told me to trust her
even a close friend said they i wa looking much brighter eyed
noticed that my circles looked their old dark selves
after researching the ingredients in this product
this has literally saved my skin.
this face oil has been a godsend
've shelved it for now
this oil has worked miracles on my face
nothing has worked like this does
i recently got eczema around my face
a manager at sephora recommended this
it has transformed my face
it has been a lifesaver
this has been my holy grail!
i recently bought another bottle
it seems the formula has changed
i even gave some to my sister who has oily skin
i moved into an apartment last year
the smell of it sold me
a sephora employee recommended this line to me
now i am hooked
i am now a firm believer
my skin has been transformed!
i recently needed something to help with my breakouts
invested in this product
this face oil changed my life.
radiant since i started using this a month ago
none of the products worked
i am currently pregnant
after asking a couple of the associates their opinion
she suggested this oil for aging
according to the other consultant
i really found that it worked overnight
after all of my searching
a friend recommended this for brightening
she decided to buy one for her too
the sales associate told me that it takes about a month to see results with an eye cream
even my mother-in-law asked me what i was using for my skin
this product had sat 3/4 used with all the others in the beauty graveyard
just purchased this product.
this was recommended to me by a dermatologist.
nothing worked for me
none of them worked at all.
this has become a staple.
did not completely disappeared yet
so when i found a product that had ferulic acid
if it saves me a trip to the dermatologist
i can proudly say it has gotten rid of my acne scars
my skin is firm
i've had very severe acne since i was about 18 years old
the rep told me that even though this was a mask
i've struggled with acne for years
product worked wonders for my blemishes
bought this product as a last ditch effort to deal with some adult acne in my jawline
buy now and thank me later.
this mask saved my face!!
i accidentally used an expired foundation which caused me to have huge painful
since i started using this mask those bumps disappeared
not even the prescription medication my doctor gave me was helping
even the prescription from the doctor
i got this because a worker at sephora told me it was the most effective mask they had
was getting married in a week
it worked wonders on my skin !!!!
i recently bought this
this mask has saved my skin, no joke!
acne is almost gone
this alongside of my clarisonic mia has changed my skin
was on accutane like a year ago
worked miracles for me.
they said it killed acne bacteria
i recently moved climates
it isn't a miracle worker
have recently been breaking out on my jawline
this product was recommended to me by an employee at sephora
i chose this bc i was told it could be used as a mask
it seriously saved my skin
nothing has never worked
i trust his office with my face
older version this replaced
the older version was a mini cover/pimple fighter
i am a mature lady who suffered acne all my life.
nothing has worked as well
tried other product that has worked
i kept using that product bc it worked
a sephora employee recommended this mask
i've had adult acne for years
on a recommendation from a friend i tried this
i received this product
i am dead serious about that statement.
night this past winter while staying loyal to other routine products
even when i traveled to different climates
which to me was a miracle
considering splurging as a winter routine.
my skin has changed
this product is a keeper!
had even made an appointment with my dermatologist when a lady at the sephora counter gave me a sample of this cream
bought me a jar himself
one of the few cremes that actually worked on my skin
all my friends/family
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
i knew i had to have it
to my disappointment since its $200
of cream because i believed
the sales associate was helpful
even the cashier at my local store i go to on a weekly basis noticed my skin
i received an amorepacific 5 piece set as a part of a promo
i jokingly told my daughter it was probably $100 an ounce
i initially received as gift the future response age defense serum
i know where my yearly christmas sephora gift card is being spent on this year
the girl told me that i would be addicted
i look like i'm in my mid twenties
has worked like a charm
i found the formula changed a bit over the years
the lady at sephora told me that this would work wonders on my skin
my wife told me my skin looked brighter
an absolute miracle worker
bought a bottle for my mother also
for this as a birthday gift :
my dad has always had skin problems.
it has worked wonders on my skin
had no life to it
moved on to other skin care
never happened in my lifetime
it initially smells like oranges
i originally purchased it for it's skin lightening benefits
it's honestly the first time i repurchased a serum
it worked wonders for me.
the sephora rep recommended this
i hit the jackpot!
oz stamped his endorsement/approval
my 61-year old mom also uses it
the scent had me hooked
my sister had this in her bathroom
i tried this on a whim
by the recommendation of a sales associate at sephora
just bought it on impulse
15 min later my friend could see
i don't use much makeup since it cakes in my newly formed wrinkles around my eyes as i enter my mid-thirties
i am 63 yrs old
i found this worked very well for me.
it never burned or stung
after choosing this went to the store to purchase it
i tried this on a whim, and now i'm hooked.
repurchased it many times
i ran out recently
my dermatologist put me on accutane 6 months ago
an employee suggested this one.
i originally purchased this product as a nighttime moisturizer
i received a gift card for my birthday earlier this year for sephora
i've repurchased this multiple times
a sephora employee recommended it to me
face when an associate introduced me to this
so glad i was introduced to this product.
a sephora employee recommended this to me
i also got a surprise compliment from the girl who threads my eyebrows
purchased for home use
an older girl helps me every time
which is a huge pet peeve of mine
bought this about a month ago
a clerk recommended this for me
since it's meant to firm
i heard this product from one of my friend
this is the first night time moisturizer that was recommended to me by an associate
kept using it because i loved the way it brightened my skin
within a week, i was repurchasing the camu camu!!
my boyfriend has been using it as well
on my birthday i went to sephora
this was suggested at sephora
i told that to the lady at sephora
i discovered at least 1/2 of a jar left
i've recently started using this product.
the old products stopped working
an associate at sephora recommended this for me
it is not a miracle worker
i learned this from my derm
this product has earned my trust.
i wonder why i never branched into these masks before
i've suffered from server acne
i've used almost ever mask known to mankind!
as the title says
knew i would be eating
i finally bought it
this worked well for me
the mask worked wonders
everyone i've introduced it to is hooked.
decided to try out a sample of this mask after having it recommended to me by a friend of mine
i got the youth treatment by accident
this mask has worked wonders on my skin
i received it as a gift from a friend last year.
i splurged on this during the vib holiday sale event
after a while it died down
a friend brought one of their masks
it has become a staple beauty product for me
bought this as a birthday present for myself
my boyfriend has even noticed the results
it has worked wonders for me
it has been life changing
night use my under eye bags have nearly vanished
the appearance of fine lines has disappeared
just bought my 2nd bottle.
my sister loves it, she uses it for a long time.
my skin drank this product up
leaves them wrinkle free at 46 years old
i recommended it to all my friends
lives up to its claims
this is exacerbated since i live in the desert
my co-workers have commented on my complexion
they went from serious old looking winkles to 10-years-ago laugh lines
i finally upgraded myself from shiseido products
like many of my sephora tribe
a long time ago i visited an skii makeup counter
they went from serious old looking winkles to 10-years-ago laugh lines
i buy two jars a year
that i performed an experiment
then this cellum cream ex
once it's worked in to your skin
it had originally been recommended to me by a professional makeup artist as it was super-lightweight
she swore by it
it was a leap of faith with a 100
i recently started to use this product from the recommendation of a sephora employee
since i was a pre teen
when my fiancé complimented me on how good my skin looked
've recently had horrible breakouts
i finally found a product that works with my skin
they have transformed my face
the cotton ball was clean which has never happened in my years of wearing foundation
the makeup is gone
i even received a compliment from a stranger.
have learned to love it
while at the store
boy was i wrong
my husband also loves the smell.
just like mine did
i recently started using it on my arms to help with my keratosis pilaris
i told her what i was using
this cream worked wonders.
bought a lot of sk-ii because it was cheaper
the only dislike i had was the pump.
this product has taken me by surprise!
is this product a miracle worker?
this product worked wonders for me
someone who considers herself a skin care junkie
she complimented me on my skin
so far this has been savior
i've reluctantly accepted that i had to sacrifice my youthful skin full of elasticity
i approached with the same skepticism i developed after thous
this item was a repurchase.
my 30 year old skin feel more revitalized than it did in my 20s
i am an eye cream junkie-on any occasion i have at least 3 in my dresser-this
another sephora junkie in the making.
i noticed a change in my undereye skin immediatly
buying this for my mom for over 5 years
i am 32 years old
this saved my face
i am in my mid forties
say the photos were re-touched
worked outside most of my life
my eyes don't look to old
dark circles since i was a kid
for me- y hereditary dark circles are almost gone
been using this faithfully for about 3 weeks
i recently bought the small $25 version
girl.....its worth the hype.
told me that if you have more "adult"
following the birth of my daughter my pores have become bigger
though he experienced a fire-like burning sensation he reported that he "loves this stuff"
i recently broke out from hormones
girl i am shook
i started to experience acne for the first time since i was a teen
i canceled my subscription
i literally only found two products after a years worth of subscriptions that worked for me
have already bought it because
just one use and i was sold.
my giant pores had vanished
she suggested this mask
use immediately upon returning from a trip to detox
although it burned it worked amazingly.
i've seen such great results that my fiancé has started to use this product himself when i'm not home haha
my skin has been flawless ever since i started using this product
ever since my skin has been breaking out
bought this with the vib sale
i tried the original one in the black pot a while ago
i am a loyal customer.
my skin looks 5 years younger
this moisturizer was recommended to me by an employee when i went in searching fir a night cream
this was recommended by an employee
my skin has never been happier!
this product has met all my expectations
i've just repurchased my third
was recommended the origins "night-a-mins" cream
skin care should be splurged on
the sephora representative at the store was misinformed
worked in the garden for 4 hours
purchased after having bought
talked into trying the line that this belongs to
one of the reasons i got talked into buying it
she asked me my skin concerns
this moisturizer has worked wonders for me
it is a miracle worker.
when i got out of the hospital after a major surgery
just switched to this moisturizer recently
until i found this gem!
i did buy mine at an origins store because the sephora was crowded
i'll admit: i'm an origins girl at heart.
origins has really outdone itself with this product
i found this one
i switched to this cream
my only complaint is the smell.
i'd seen magazine ads for this product
i returned to buy it
this was suggested as a primer.
nights out with friends
a sephora employee recommended this product to me
for the working man to the party girl
i recently purchased the sephora skin food set
she said it was amazing it worked for her hair
bought this product a while ago
my sister introduced me to this product
my sister in law gave me this as a birthday gift
boy was i wrong!
i am 26 years old
have struggled with adult acne for the past 2 years
i work in the post office
s a million times a day
my skin has changed
i enjoyed the packaging
i work in a restaurant/bar
with older skin i had about given up
my co-workers even recognized the difference.
before i discovered this little skin saver
my sister gave me her small sized bottle of this
my makeup has been looking professionally done
as if i'm done up for a wedding that i'm a bridesmaid in
even though the bottle was half used by my sister
it hasn't changed the formula
my skin has transformed
it is just a miracle worker
i started using this oil after my sister-in-law an esthetician had bought some for herself
pass it on to a good friend for her to try
all that had changed
it like a drink from the fountain of youth.
been using at night before bedtime
keep in mind i've had acne since grade 8
i received this in an ipsy bag recently
i order this product for my mother
she has combination skin
which she happily credits to her clinique regimen
the girl at sephora recommended no more than a rice grain size of cream
was told formula wise
an employee recommended it to me
this product saved my skin.
never been hooked for life
and boy was that a mistake.
i switched back to the lotus youth preserve about a week ago
makes my 45 year old combination skin look
my sister uses this as well
work 12 hour shifts at a hospital downtown
have recently had at least 2 people a week ask me how old i am
because i have a deviated septum
just recently purchased another container
this product has become part of my morning
finally purchased this cream
fun fact: my fiancé has even noticed a difference
it has helped with my dark circles
every product i've purchased from fresh has always been outst
i've struggled with acne for years
have recently started to notice fine lines
had friends tell me i look refreshed
this is now a staple in my medicine cabinet!
especially on 70 year old skin
eugenia at the west town mall sephora
would have a heart attack
my skin originally had fine lines under my eyes
i just recently purchased this serum
bought this after seeing a magazine ad
i feel the miracle worker eye repair cream has taken a few years off my appearance
just received this in the iconic kit today.
have been loving you for many years
i recently started residency
i immediately purchased it.
people constantly think that i'm in my mid twenties
this is my second purchase of this aptly named product
have been addicted ever since
am guilty of years of tanning booth use
have been searching for a new "go to" eye cream ever since
inherited from my mom
im only 16 years old
for years i've been struggling with bags under my eyes
especially for a 27 years old
the sephora girl told me they have changed their ingredients
it was recommended by one of the cast members for me
i rushed to sephora to buy it
this product worked "miracles" for me
i feel 10 years younger because i look 10 years younger
talked to the girls at sephora
asked the lady about a product
from the body shop
i found this product
i found this product after my appointment with her
it really works i have been using mine on
my scars were raised
it also works on older scars
a have scars that were raised.
these scars are years old!
i am a college student
because nothing else has worked for me in the past
not old scars however
had to find a new scar serum after mine was discontinued
lately i've been struggling with adult acne
it has worked wonders on my skin.
i also bought the on the spot acne treatment
i even had microdermabrasion done for almost a year
it only worked on the acne on my cheek
night the scars disappeared
had resisted tons of other products
it works and i repurchased it.
i recently got two moles removed on my face
have been researching for products that work
when i was younger
after noticing no improvements the salesgirl at sephora recommended this
talked to one of the associates there
she swore by this product.
my 18 year old daughter had red acne marks on her cheeks from a bad breakout
recently she had another bad breakout
i've had friends complimenting me on the improvement of my skin
has not been achieved
not on old scars
this is actually the first product that worked for my old
it changed my life!!!
already i have family members coming up to me
my skin had changed
it even worked on my pitted scars.
also one of my burned area
luckily i already had instilled the habit
my scars are raised
these were stitched after the accident
for someone who suffered from intense acne as a teenager
my expectations have definitely been exceeded
she raved about how well it worked for her
he thought i looked younger
i tried this after speaking to a sephora rep.
an employee at the local sephora suggested this product to me
it has already been amazing
i look younger than my age
like the title says
my skin has done a 360.
my pores have disappeared
during my teenage years i had picture perfect skin
but worked miracles on my wrinkles!
i am 26 years old
this product has transformed my skin.
my 50 year old mother had better skin than me
i originally bought this product to address signs aging
after 1 week, others were complimenting my skin.
i wish i had discovered this sooner.
will remember its youth
the skin specialist at sephora recommended this one
the reason i got this is my cousin
he had a pile of her products that she gave his wife-
acne is almost gone
i recommend this for any girl in her 30's who wants to fight the aging process
this product has been a life saver!!
all have worked fine
i got this a smaple recently
this is the bomb.
so, i changed to this product.
my mother has pretty large pores herself
this was recommended to me by a friend.
i even had friends
then a sephora rep suggested this
algenist has turned my skin 1000%.
that i have ever bought
never leave the apartment without it
this is the first face product i've ever bought that was over $10
this has given me the flawless mature skin i've wanted for the past 15 years
granted that it is summer
though i am on a controlled student budget
which come with age
i've found that it is helping to plump
as the years have passed
has worked miracles on my skin
i asked for recommendation in the store
the sales person showed me this item
after dealing with breakouts since i was a teen
i've had enlarged pores since elementary school
this product was recommended in the store
i am almost 46 years old
one employee bought this that very day!
my sister saw me
had 0 expectations for this eye serum as i never thought in a million years that i would find anything that worked as well as my perricone serum
eye bags since my twenties
i know i will never get my 18 year old youthful skin back
my doctor informed me that they are genetic
have tried a couple procedures
i would recommend this to friends.
this product was recommended to me by a sephora makeup artist for my dark circles
this was recommended to me by a sephora skin care consultant
thought i'd share this life-altering discovery!
it hasn't been the miracle worker i'd hoped for
this product has helped with my dark circles.
started saving to buy it
even old-school "kitchen sink" remedies-this is the winner
have only made 2 of my friends buy it
have battled hereditary dark circles
last thing it is vegan and cruelty free.
i described my problems to the associate
considering i've tried so many others that have never worked
my hereditary dark circles make me look like i haven’t had sleep in weeks
my dark circles disappeared
a rep from the line was in store
i received this product as a gift
was buying lise water products
the sales lady said that when she wants to treat herself she buys this
wich is sold at another store then the one she works in
none met my expectations
this cream has done
i originally bought this as part of a tarte bag
this cream has lived up to the hype!
i've recommended this product to several friends
i repurchased this immediately
(i've repurchased numerous times before that.)
i've learned my lesson--if it isn't broken
as i approached my 30s
this was recommended to me by my sister in law
decided to use it on a whim
my mom who has wrinkles
i recently bought my second jar
a friend recommended this product
i recommended it to my mother actually
she is in her 60s
she's been using it a weetk
i saw this mentioned briefly on instagram by a blogger i liked
gave it a try as it's mid priced compared to others i've bought
this has worked amazing
this product has transformed my under eyes.
would recommend it a friend.
i wrote a review for this which seems to have vanished into the ether
i've never been one to be loyal to one line
sensitive 39 year old skin to break out
i sought out help from a doctor
was prescribed medication which helped
it was a life saver!
bought the small bottle because it was great for my 45 year old still acne prone skin
my mom is the one who introduced me to it
i live in a condo which dries me out even more
this has eliminated it
this product has saved my life.
wished it was scentless
i couldn't believe it worked.
bought the wrong product
rushing to the store to buy this miracle worker.
this product has saved my dry
this has saved my skin this winter.
i ordered a kit with a bunch of her products in mini
i want to buy a bottle for my purse
as someone who has suffered from severe eczema i've tried
a girl could use this everywhere
i assume a girl could use this more places
in my desk, purse, kitchen, bedside.
even my dermatologist is stumped saying its "genetics"
this saved my skin
i've suffered from puffy eyes since i was a kid
my eye area looks younger
none of the cream i've tried worked that well for me
decided to buy one container
the drunk elephant line is what i was using
i am in love with this revamped
when visiting the dior counter
the consultant was my age
i am 62 years old.
this is the only cream that has worked on my skin
have been taking care of my skin since 18
i finally bought it
i am in my mid-thirties
i first became acquainted with this product when i received it as a free gift with purchase
my dermatologist wanted to know which of her office peels i was using
i actually bought this for my mom.
for me it has worked wonders
that shall remain unarmed
my eyes show when i've dined out
thanks sephora for carrying this
then friday the receptionist at my therapist's office asked my age
she said she thought i was in my 20s based on my skin
this has been my saving grace
like i've never met anyone that has dry
i repurchased this three times.
this came as part of a clinique holiday set i had purchased
it sat in my drawer forever
i loved that it worked almost overnight in reducing flakes
the combination worked well
a lady at sephora recommended this product to me
has always worked for me
in addition to my diabetes
i applied it yesterday
after hosting a holiday gathering
this saved my skin overnight
on top of our super dry apartment
it was like my skin was drinking it all in!
this worked instantly for my skin!
my husband is also a fan.
my husband noticed it!
im only 23 years old
it has a sort of fake
it has been out of stock for a bit
which i regret buying now
when i first bought this
after being very ill for almost a year my skin was a wreck
boy did it ever
sister to use the mask as well
i recently helped my 12 year old daughter apply the mask to some of her problem areas
to share some "grown-up" treatments with my daughter
on a whim one time
i tried this one recently which was gentle
wore it a bit longer than the recommended 10 minutes
younger with this product
this has been a godsend!
s through the years
my skin looking younger
i wish i would've discovered it sooner
would give a five star if product were vegan
gross in the morning
i really loved the old boscia overnight moisture
which they recently discontinued
am nearing my forties
after a couple of years of testing with my hormone changed skin since my mid thirties
i gave it to a friend
disappeared into my skin
givenchy's vaxin for youth is a mainstay for me
with that being said
i am a student who's on the go in the city.
i am done searching
when i reapply during the day
just discovered this one with spf 30
this one was suggested to me at the sephora store
i just bought this yesterday
had some trouble finding something that worked
i recently purchased this product after running out of my winter
i tried this moisturizer on a whim
lives up to all the claims
lesson learned, not straying from nars!
i just quit smoking
i got this after a consultation with a nars artist
this baby works wonders!
narsskin has been a life saver for my skin.
they worked well together
this cream has been amazing since the first application
since in my area
tsubaki beauty oil had become a must in my morning
busy body person that i am
this oil worked wonders
a lady introduced me this one
she told me this one has the least possibility to cause allergy
this item was included
which works for him
it has worked for me.
this was recommended to me by one of the employee's
i originally bought this during a harsh winter
this surpassed my expectations.
too faced born this way
it works like a dream
it honestly saved my skin during the winter months
was introduced to this oil
a family member brought this for me because i have combination skin
it was mixed with my old moisturizer at night before bed
boy was i ever wrong!
i strolled around the store shopping
disgusted by the false claims of the beauty product industry
it clashed with my other skin products
my skin has been loving it
i am so sold on boscia products!
it is the first facial oil i have ever bought
i would say it smells a little "old lady"
boy was i wrong
every skis issue ever i have had.
this oil is a miracle worker!
i am a former skin
my friend used it
hawed whether to buy this product
i repeatedly purchase this.
had been using josie maran argan oil for years
this product was recommended to me by a fellow beauty junkie
i recently bought this cleanser
as i got into my forties
a few years ago i started changing up my beauty regimen to include anti aging products
i ran out of ampoules
when i was younger i barely wore makeup.
have been hooked ever since
i recently purchased this because i needed a new moisturizer
this product has been my saving grace
they haven't felt that way since i lived in florida
i've bought this several times because it works so great
i just purchased this product
an employee used this on me before a makeover a month ago
nothing has worked as well
since i've changed over to a bb cream in the summer
i wish i had discovered this sooner.
i believe this was the culprit
coworkers began complimenting my skin
as the title says.
it's been years since i've had a cleanser this great
i've repurchased this several times.
bought the umbria clay as well
my 9-year old son is using it
recently added it to my skin regime
it's been known though out history
this one changed my mind
i first was introduced to this product before a beauty consultation
night with the rest of the ole products i have purchased recently
i recently started to pair up with the serum
this oil is my secret weapon
i do think the formula has changed since 2015
because the old bottle had different language
i recently bought this about 3 days ago
it smells like an old joint that's been put out
i recently purchased this with the ole henriksen "nurture me" face cream for my dry
i got into face oils about a year ago when they became really popular
i decided to try this recently
ever since i switched to this product my skin has been flawless
i recommend it to all my family
i loved it immediately.
this has been a game changer for me!!!
it saved my acne
my opinion haven't change since the first time i discovered it
i became very fascinated with the idea of using oil on my skin
she recommended this product.
have been hooked since
i just recently purchased a tinted moisturizer because my skin has improved so much
i once heard oil cuts oil
i am 51 years old
i uploaded a picture that was taken at my daughters wedding on 3 weeks ago
i recently got some facial surgery done
my mom had ordered this online
i've inherited very dark under-eye circles
was using philosophy miracle worker
i asked a dear friend of mine
who is a makeup artist
this was "devastating" to me
i promptly purchased this cream
had this verified by my dear friend
this cream worked its magic in only 3 days
wore makeup today without a problem.
i am 57 years old
a sales person in another store tried it on me one day
i am now a converted fan of this product
i received this as a birthday gift from some friends
i happened to be looking at a new magazine that i received
i recieved a trial size of this product
i recently received the new version of this product from sephora as a gift because i had a bad experience with the old version
i felt like the old one smelled terrible
used it when i was at the hospital the day after i had my baby girl
did our baby photos
even our nurse immediately noticed the difference
approached by a representative of dr
*31 year old woman- medium to light skin tone
i wish i never bought this.
family were harassing me asking me what i was using on my face
my skin is transformed.
spent my teen years basking in the florida sun
my skin had been looking old
i am a loyal perricone devotee
had to buy another one
this is officially my new staple product
this one is to die for
i used it while i was at a music festival
i became obsessed immediately
my younger sister was dissatisfied with her foundation
she bought some other foundation
she admitted to me that she loves this
have already ordered a bottle
it works great on my 49 year old skin.
s of dollars i've spent at sephora
a young girl working at my local sephora mentioned i should try algenist primer
since i am 42 yrs old
nothing has surpassed it for me
i am 24-years old
my skin looks 5 years younger
a friend of mine who is a lancome rep suggested the renergie line when my botox starts to wear off
it helped get rid of the ones i had previously
if algenist ever discontinues this i will be inconsolable
my skin had never been so bad in my life than it was leading up to my discovery of this product
i would immediately be attracted to
after my child was born i have blackheads
has helped with fine lines
i'd tried a retin drugstore product years ago
this one i a keeper!
it was a splurge but i'll repurchase
only recently tried this product
the saleswoman in sephora thought that part of the darkness was due to puffiness
i acquired adult acne when i hit menopause
for those in my age group
i am almost in my mid forties
this one is a keeper
a radiance that i haven't had for years
i gave the rest of my old algenist serum bottle to a friend
while i've never been a fan of serums
like most women my age who have been
while i never contemplated a face-lift
been searching for a solution to sagging skin for years
for my 45th birthday
i tried the 10 day trial pack, and i am sold.
boy was i wrong
even made a comment that my skin was glowing like when i was pregnant with our sons
i wished sephora also carried the trial sizes.
by morning all that yoghurt has been absorbed
this one was recommended to me
after consulting with them for a while
i decided to buy it
previously i was using the belif moisture bomb/aqua bomb
it has been a miracle for me
i recently had a very bad reaction to the moonfruit night cream
i am a huge fan of the original formulation before korres was bought
my favorite was about 5-6 years ago.
the girl at sephora recommended it 100%
i slept in it and my skin thanked me for it.
i started using this over a year ago when i found out i was pregnant
this sleeping mask is a miracle worker
boy did i find one
since i have already re-purchased this item
nothing has worked as well as this for me
smells like an old lady
ever since i started applying this before bed my flaky skin is gone
worked just the same
the sephora representative recommended this to even my skintone
it worked almost immediately, and keeps working.
just purchased yesterday..heard great things.
my skin is transformed
it reminds me of a nursing home
this clarin's oil was recommended by a friend.
i've also have repurchased several times.
this product was used on my skin when i had a facial at pro sports club in bellvue
i asked what she was using and she told me.
was planning on purchasing another
since i've started using this my acne has completely vanished
i discovered lotus oil 3 years ago
it isn't carried in stores
as i got older
thank you, sephora, for carrying it!
as recommended by a sephora beauty consultant
after a full day of teaching 8th graders
about two months ago i was cornered by a clarins rep in a sephora in west palm beach
a month ago my skin was in an awful state
seriously, for 10+ years, i struggled with acne.
i couldn't have survived this brutal winter without it
when i was approached by a team member about if i had any questions
she suggested this product
what my title said.
mine lasted me a month
my husband commented yesterday on my skin.
after 10 years, he's never commented on my skin.
this review is based on my 65 year old mother's experience
this is my go-to birthday
the sephora staff introduced me to shiseido.
the sales associate asked me if i'd ever tried shiseido bio-performance
she said it was similar to the moisturizer i have been using
have been rationing it out ever since
this is the 4th pot of this i've purchased
i am 41 years old
it has made its way as part of my makeup regulars
my boyfriend along with my sister
i am 44 years old
neck every day since the age of 16
even at my age
i am 50 years old
with no alternatives that worked
i recently had the wonderful opportunity to talk with a sales rep from perricone md in my local sephora store
have recommended to many friends!
my boy friend said my face is shining after used it
i just purchased my second jar of photo plasma.
as i get older
which i think has been discontinued
then i finally purchased the one ounce
how the redness has nearly disappeared
changed my skin's life and i'm only 24.
find foundation that matched me
bought it with a coupon
asked me buy continue buy it for several years
i am 33 yrs old
even brought the female bartender into it who was just as surprised
my skin feels like a newborn baby
my skin hasn't looked this good since my teenage years
i ran out of my estée lauder anr serum weeks ago
my friends have told me i look younger
mother giving my mom
was wowed into buying it
it was sitting for months unused
i am over 60 years old
told that i look 10 years younger
my daughter talked me into trying genefique
i decided to buy this
radiance！ love this！ will buy again！i am 24 years old
experimented with a few other products
have been plagued with adult acne for the last 10+ years
pictures i took with some girlfriends revealed my eyes st
i recently got a trial size of this.
my mother uses it both day
while it worked perfectly for that
having searched for decades for the perfect moisturizer -first for adult acne
it works so well that my esthetician asked what i had done differently since my last micro dermabrasion
she even asked for the brand name!
i am 47 years old
at that time i was having a crazy acne outbreak
will continue to use until all of my acne has disappeared
i received this in my birchbox
how fast this worked
my skin was gross
i received a jar of this as a gift
even my sister in law tried it out
i enjoyed using it
i already both mine today
scars have basically disappeared
my bf commented that my face immediately brightened
bought this because of the hype
i got this recommendation from a sephora employee
had to stop using all of my prescriptions with my pregnancy
just bought this moisturizer the other day
my 15 year old daughter who struggles with dry skin said this is the best she's ever used
she is in her 50's
my mother also likes the way her skin looks after using this
a salesperson recommended this to me
i also liked the glass bottle.
hoping this will help with old scars :)
this product has saved my life
this has by far met every expectation
the pump stopped working
a sephora sales representative recommended this one to me
am glad i shelled out the money for it
it has been showcased in a few of her videos
my friend said my skin looked great
almost immediately purchased it
a make up artist on instagram recommended it
i loved it and will be repurchasing!
he has to get his own bottle because this is mine mine mine
had resigned myself to the idea that cleansers aren't meant to improve your skin
i repurchased this about a month ago
it was an acquired taste
my skin has been a disaster.
this has become a staple in my routine!
i did buy the glass bottle
she even asked for the br
at my 33 years old i have a beautiful skin again
it has transformed my skin!
my mom uses it every day
i found it worked immediately too
it has been working
also suffering from a traumatic breakup that has left me crying every night for weeks
which all the women in my family have
got my mom one for mother's day
purchased it as a gift for my mom
mission accomplished, my friends.
i also keep mine in the refrigerator
i tried this at the suggestion of a rep of the store
as i have gotten older
surpassed all my expectations
a discovery was made of alguronic acid
i gave some alguronic algenist product to my mother-in-law one christmas
it's the first time i've purchased this oil
compliments from my friends about my skin
have been loving it
i've had my bottle forever
even my mother complimented my face
my husband and i have different skin type.
even my aesthetician was concerned when i told her that i had purchased this oil because my clogged pores were that bad
the sales lady from sephora recommend this to me
when i discovered face oils a couple of years ago
he made me buy 2 sets of $120 collections
anti-aging cream worked for him also
it has changed my life
radiance is mine at last!
my friend said that i was "glowing"
this has been nothing short of a miracle worker for me
she recommended this product.
passed this along to my 50 year old mother who have very dry skin
can attest to the "age repairing" properties it claims to have
i reluctantly purchased this after having it recommended by a sephora employee
as everyone has stated.
my teenage daughter commented on how great my skin looked after less than a week using this product
am a new loyal algenist customer
purchase it since i loved the scent
decided on this because at my age
i wish i knew how all of this worked
i asked an employee to help me out with this problem
my boyfriend even notices
wish the reconstructing serum pump worked half as well
that i had to buy it
bought the anti-age oil
i spoke with one of the experts
by morning my skin feels repaired from environmental attack
i've recently developed some fine lines
bought this to use at night in lieu of the eye
had not previously found any moisturizers that took care of it for good
this is the bomb
my mom swears by this and i'm hooked as well!
knew i had to have it
a friend gave me an estee gift with purchase she wasn't going to use
i wished i had found out about this product years ago
it would have saved me money
it has changed my skin
this worked wonders for me
i started using this serum since 19year old
even though i'm in the youngest age demographic for use
as well as my mom all use this religiously
then decided to purchase a bottle
a must for every woman to have!
a coworker of mine recommended this product to be
i took another persons review
an associate convinced me to try this product.
it has already changed my skin
new birth control i have had insane acne
this has changed that
the adr saved my skin!
this has helped my skin 110% feels mega plump afterwards
i just purchased my first bottle today.
has amazing skin for a 50+ year old
all the women in my family use it now!
this product has changed my life
this is for every person man or women
my pregnant friend started getting contractions while at the mall to buy more of this stuff
didn't leave for the hospital until after she bought more haha
already see sings of it
a friend of mine recommended this night repair serum
for the first month it worked great.
i just purchased this yesterday.
my barista asked me how i was
my friend recommended this
because i'm trying to get pregnant i had to take a break from it
swears by estée lauder so the first time i ever thought about anti-aging products
i noticed changes almost immediatly.
a friend suggested that i try this.
instead had worked with my pores in an amazing way
when i recently saw a friend from college she said i hadn't aged a day since college
i recently began searching again for online reviews
it helped firm my skin.
i am a 35 year old mother of three
i recently buy it.
my skin is firm
my mum has been using this for about a year
her skin became so smooth
which has been a big issue for me searching for a lotion
purchased in early december
the women in my family have always been estee lauder fans
the reason i initially bought it
i recently purchased this
i am an el girl for life now
at my last visit to the dermatologist
stuck with my trusted br
i even recommended it to my mom :)
my mother in law gave me an estée lauder kit a while ago complete with the mascara
until i got old
my sister had this
i am 27 years old with laugh lines
i originally received it as a bonus item with another estée lauder purchase
it was then my friend told me use an oil!
she is a flight attendant
i even worked through the ridiculous process of creating a nickname
have had samples that last forever
my mother uses it
she buys this all the time
even my boyfriend has seen a difference
was born with them
my eyes were 100 times a worst i nearly died
as i have aged i have started getting bags
i am 39 years old
the online consultant at estee recommenced this for my combo skin
the adult acne was back
lucky teen never had a pimple until i was 25
it has aged it quite a bit
it works wondered with the clarisonic
i originally received this face wash as a gift with purchase
i think i've found my new addiction
was recommended this product
i've got this for my mom.
i am in my teens
this oil has saved my skin.
never found that "holy grail" product that worked wonders on my skin until i found this
i got this oil along with other josie maran products recently without any expectations or plans prior to buying them as i was sold by a lady at skincare section
one of the women helped me pick a regimen.
which was a huge fear of mine
the original one at night
bought this because i've kept hearing good things about the original
my fiancé is the one that introduced me to argan oil
the bottle dropper on one was faulty
haven't had problems by doing that
i think i have purchased this 3 times now
my skin has taken to this well
i even got my husband using it.
i received this product as a gift
this has worked wonders
in my search for something to control my combo skin that in the last weeks has also turned into eczema
it has worked miracles!
i've tried the original oil
my foundation applied like a dream
this has been a repurchase of mine for years
i never found anything that worked
i even have gotten my boyfriend to use it on his beard
i even resorted to a drug store br
it was like a miracle
i decided to get the light version on a whim
purchased this in hopes to combat it
after the sales associate recommended it
this product was recommended to me
i knew about fighting oil with oil
my sister had me try this
then two weeks ago argan oil light entered the pictured
last year at urgent care the md walk in
i used a hotel bar soap
i recommended this to my entire family
i recently was bad
was hesitant to try this product recommended to me by a skin care associate in the store
this was recommended to me by a sephora advisor.
this product was recommended by the lady at sephora
the original formula converted me to oil this past winter
i discovered ren about a year ago
my face has been forever changed
this lotion works so unexpectedly well that i wanted to share
i've bought many anti-aging products before
when re-purchasing my most recent vial i saw this
i am 28 years old
i've gifted this to my sister and mother.
i am 30 years old
i recently discovered ren
i went to see dermatologists on different occasions
have been loving it
the lady who was the "expert" on caudalie products said " thiiis isss whaaat we hhhhhhhhave
what the deal was
removed foundation like a champ
every caudalie product i have tried has exceeded my expectations
a sephora employee recommended i give this one a shot
i recently switched to this caudalie formula
bought this in a gift set with mousturizer
it was recommended to me
with that being said
three-four months post natal i finally gave in
when i slept in it
this mask saved my life
i remembered this little gem
my skin has been transformed
it's an amazing discovery
just went on a 4-day bachelorette party trip from west coast to southeast
it's been gone ever since.
repairing mask i have ever used:
i scoffed when i was informed about the price of this mask
previously when i was in palm springs
until i found this gem
i've only previously dabbled in drug store
it worked wonders for my skin
it transformed my skin!
i've purchased this product may times
very budget friend to boot.
i originally saw this product at my gr
it worked so well
bought the yellow one
firstly i taught that my skin burning
the little samples you got at clinique when my mom purchased her face wash
this has been my go moisturizer for 10 years
have been using this since senior year hs
all that being said - i've repurchased it.
i started secretly using this out of my step-mom's cosmetic bag when i was in middle school
it has literally saved my skin
never found anything that worked like i'd wanted
switched back to my old moisturizer
my roommate used this
told me to try it
i am now in my forties
my expectations have been met and exceeded.
i've recently purchased another eye treatment
i regret buying it
wish i had bought this one instead
i already bought my 2nd tube
when i accidentally forget
this is an anazing eye creame for younger ages
i wore this under my makeup
as a mom of two i needed it
works for me in summers
my friend recommend me to try this moisturizer
i would find something that worked
.at least not since childhood.
the lady who helped me showed me shiseido
i am also a mom to a toddler
i've fallen in love with this
the worker suggested this product
originally bought it for my boyfriend
i told him what it was and we giggled.
all summer i have been doing my research
bought this at the sales lady's recommendations
my sister introduced me to it
i am 42 years old
that woman is a life-savior
it seriously has saved my skin.
which is now discontinued
after i started using this lightweight moisturizer people have been giving me compliments left
i feel i've served my time
by golly, i've earned it!
loved the entire line
incredibly dry despite me adoring a sample of it i received months earlier
acne-ridden 14 year-old skin quite well
as my boyfriend has used it
it has been a game changer
my first use i understood why
i went from a subscription with a company
.at least not since childhood.
nothing worked until i found this beaut
even aquaphor as suggested by friends
recently decided to branch out from my go to neutrogena sensitive skin moisturizer
this has made me convert
my mom bought this product
have been in love since
after running out of my old moisturizer i found this product
i got this in stores
i am so devoted to this line of products.
took it on my trip abroad
one of the associates recommended this product
this product was recommended to me by an aesthetician
her completion has cleared
my boyfriend even noticed
i finally invested in these wipes
i personally use it morning and night.
i never had acne as a teenager
none worked or worked for just a short time
one of the sephora girls recommended the pads
not even prescribed products pills worked
i just bought it.
a sephora employer recommended this to me
when i first saw this i was a skeptic
so i returned those & purchased these.
when my adult onset acne flared up i was happy to see this product was available
this product is great for my teenage son.
like i mentioned previously
a 26 year old that has acne
and i thought those years were bad!
as stated in my title
acne prone skin since i was a preteen
around my mouth recently
i also never really wore makeup
they have changed my life.
so of course i gave it 5 stars because it has worked miracles
i went in to my malls location
which worked for me while i was on the complete regimen
i've suffered from acne as a teen
i took the advice of others
i seem to have finally reached the age at which i've outgrown my daily breakouts
i wish i had taken a before and after photo.
i recently went on the pill
it has made my life a nightmare
my face has been a zit bomb
these pads have worked!!
i've struggled with acne for 15 years
my only complaint is that
was told to use the sulfur mask as a spot treatment afterwards
recently had my acne flareup
my old acne scars are almost gone
i blamed the product
these have worked wonders for my acne.
i've had acne since i was a teenager
i share this product with my sister
purchased these as a last option before going to the dermatologist
itch when first applied
this was suggested to me by a skin specialist at sephora
it has never broken me out.
i ordered it online
after battling horrible acne for years
my skin was left feeling like it hasn't in years!
facial massage is one of the best methods to a beautiful complexion as demonstrated by her 70-something mom who has sworn by it for many years
the cleanser really saved my skin
my sister loves this product
have met eve herself
no longer owns the biz
have been hooked ever since
think i’m over the honeymoon phase
i got it as a gift from my sister
my friend told me to try it
this brought back my old radiance.
i've had problem skin since my teens.
as a person with adult acne for years
through casual online browsing i became obsessed with the idea of eve lom cleanser
it's been a week since purchasing
i've saved up for the splurge
a friend recommended i try this cleanser
i just purchased the 6
have been hooked ever since
was sold on it after a single use
it became a ritual for me every night
my boyfriend said it smelled like noxema
it answered my prayers
i will probably give it to my sister to use
similar to eve lom's original cleanser in a jar
i impulsively bought it anyway
i splurged and got the whole line.
literally for the first time in my adult life
i wish i had done before and after photos.
i am getting older
less dark circles that i was born with
than my younger sister :
i tried this on the recommendation of a salesperson when browsing at bloomingdales
as i get older
i am dealing with adult acne
i returned mine in the store and reordered it.
i asked for this product as a gift
buying this for my mom
as i get older
i am dealing with adult acne
with this i look almost a decade younger
i recently ran out of the serum
had never heard of the br
the next day i received a similar comment by a colleague
in the last 2 years the skin under my eyes has become crepey
recently i ran out
balked at the price
the skin feels firm
as luck would have it sephora
i've tried eye creams that cost 200 a jar that havent worked this well
love this product/productsat 58 years old/young
i already repurchased this!
i am an eye cream junkie and have tried many.
i wish i had taken a before
was considering seeing a plastic surgeon
the bags are gone
it was a leap for me to purchase supergoop.
my daughter gave me this lancôme one for my birthday
i never experienced that
my friend was over at the pool with me the other day
i recently saw a client who had a sun spot on her face
no word on if it worked for her
worked miracles on not only my dark spots
that i've bought it twice
i've already had amazing results
i am a longtime fan of lancome.
well this little lady is now officially hooked on dreamtone
thanks to this miracle in a bottle
this product has been my savior.
i am a freelance artist for lancome
i wish they made this product years ago.
this product is a keeper
i am 66 years old.
this title of mine speaks volumes because if there has been a night cream made
about 6 months ago my mother accidentally ordered 2 tubes by mistake
my one complaint is the price
i previously used murad's "blue" line for my adult acne for years
i've also received compliments from friends
even worked to help my undereye area
as i stated before
i explained how my pregnancy had my face in a mess
he explained the product to me
i received a compliment that i looked younger
i think i am sold
boy was i wrong!
have been searching for a replacement ever since
i used this at the recommendation of a sephora associate
i started using rcc about 5 years ago when it was advertised for hormonal aging skin
then purchased the cleanser
my best friend sent this in a care package
i recently moved from southern ca to the east coast
stopped because i had to be in a club to purchase it
these products have just saved my skin
i started using the line to prep for my wedding
s on the murad day lotion i was sold
just bought my 2nd bottle
i realized that my skin looked younger
well i started using this regiment
have gave samples to all my over-40 friends who are now devoted users also
this wash has worked wonders on my skin.
this line by murad is the only product line that has worked for me
one of the sales consultants at sephora recommended it a year ago for my hormone sensitive skin
i am a self-admitted skin care fanatic
it has replaced every soap
i store mine in the fridge
this mask worked wonders
most recently i tried out a new eye cream
my sister showed me this need trick
i received this mask as a trial.
my roommates have commented that my skin "glows" after using this product
i never heard of this product until the macy's retail lady told me she used it everynight
i ever used it on my boyfriend
i already loved this mask
worked wonders on my poor nose.
this mask has been a lifesaver.
it was a gift from a friend
when i removed it, i was smitten.
i recieved this as a gift
i got this as a birthday gift as the nars lip pencil wasn't available
store mine in the fridge
sephora birthday perk or promotions codes
i originally tried this in the mini mask magic kit
i received this product as a birthday gift.
this product has been a grower for me.
she had this cleanser listed as one of the things she couldn't live without
it has helped clear up the pimples on my 11 year old daughter too
i've struggled with acne for years
nothing i've tried has smelled better
i've mastered it with time
this product has saved my skin
this has worked very well
saved my skin during the bitter winter
my only complaint is the dropper!!
after researching them all
this product line was recommended to me by the skin care consultant
i've already got my sister hooked as well
have already recommended to my sisters
i received this oil
i traveled with it
i previously tried the josie maran and nude oils.
this product has exceeded my expectations
i am officially obsessed!
i am hooked on kate's products!
as my title says
using kate's age arrest face cream am/pm
i brought this with me to a recent trip to thail
this moisturizer has truly saved my life
i find myself recommending this to friends
my skin thanked me for this purchase.
this cream saved my life
my skin was transformed overnight
the employee recommended this cream to me
my problem is gone
have been doing it professionally for over 7 years
this worked in 8-12 hours
this moisturizer has saved my life.
i would recommend to a friend.
this has save my skin.
it has been my miracle product
it took years of products- both beauty br
this has saved me
i am so devoted to this product.
i recently moved from the northeast to wisconsin
my skin has suffered
it has also helped with my acne
this moisturizer has been a life changer for me.
i am officially a convert
i'd been using perricone md for almost a year
a beauty blogger suggested this during the vib sale
i wore this under my makeup for my wedding photos
this cream was a blessing.
it's worked wonders on my skin
this was recommended to me by a friend
this has been a godsend
i originally got the mini
when i was younger
i discovered ceramidin cream over a year ago
it wasn't until recently that i did some research
that came with adult acne
tried this on a whim
i wear it year round and have loved the results.
immediately i was obsessed.
without it, i can't go inn on in winter.
i really do like this and just repurchased.
i've owned this for less than 24 hours
it has been a god send for me
jart's ceramidin line has transformed my skin
when i went to the local department store that has a small sephora shop they were all sold out
when i ordered this
it saved my skin!
it wasn't until recently that i did some research
that came with adult acne
i learned my lesson that the pricier a product is
this is a blessing for me
cream has been my skin's saviour
i've found the fountain of youth!
somehow this saved me.
night has done wonders
my neice is a nurse
i recommended this to her
i originally bought this last spring
it has prevented its return
i am 72 years old
sephora won't think i've lost interest
i wish i had bought the cream at the same time.
together under my smashbox foundation it is a dream
strange at my age to me
s are owned by the same company as the drugstore br
most recently quench also by ks
my skin has never been happier
about a year ago i started noticing that my skin was becoming more dehydrated
picked this up after one of the staff members recommended it
it has also helped my daughter who is a type 1 diabetic
this has done wonders
this one is a keeper looks like i found the one
age arrest is a keeper.
other than age arrest
i found age arrest to be too heavy for my skin after about a week so discovering that it works around my eyes has been wonderful
being considered "older" in my industry
i've repurchased at least 4 times
when a sales associate recommended this product i was scared to use it
my skin recently started changing
bought this face wash for my boyfriend
thanks sephora for carrying this
a sales associate recommended this product to me
as much as i am not married to the br
my friend worked for shiseido
the only thing that worked for me was proactiv
i originally thought it seemed to pricey
they were sold out of it during the vib sale
.at least not since childhood.
i am constantly told i look 10-12 years younger than i am
the clerk urged me to buy this
they haven't worked for me
this face wish has been a miracle worker
although i was never plagued with acne as a teen
until i found this product
i believe it has helped my skin
i recently hit my mid-twenties
i never had breakouts throughout my teenage years or college
most things worked about 2 weeks
it has saved my skin
which is amazing for someone who has lived with acne for seven years
my mom has been using shiseido for many years
her skin is flawless for a 65 year old
the moisturizer has now been replaced with the ibuki line
i hope shiseido brings the old formulation back
i originally went with the refining moisturizer in the pump
being on the west coast now
my pores haven't disappeared
my daughter recommended this
a friend recommended shiseido to me when i was having some major skin issues
switched to the enriched one
it has also helped with my acne.
i buy 4-6 jars at a time!
which happened to be belif aqua bomb
other than the previously mentioned things
has been life-changing
.at least not since childhood.
same old thing, new branding?
i am currently pregnant
and i'm not talking about a pregnant glow.
my skin hasn't reacted to it
top it off with this puppy
i originally tried the refining moisturizer from the trial kit
for the fact that i'm 20 years old
the dryness has almost completely disappeared
i originally bought it to replace my previous clinique moisturizer that i've been using for years
the consultant suggested this product
i just had a baby and my skin has gone crazy!
i just purchased this today and i'm loving it!
i couldn't resist purchasing it after hearing rave reviews from the sales girl
then i was told that it basically was repackaged
i saw some reviewers thought it was perfume
went to sephora for my daughter cleansing product
thank you to the salesperson in rice village.
has worked very well to solve the problem
i am 45 years old with a toddler
this eye gem has been in my beauty arsenal for 2 years
helped to firm my lids
after trying this one after an associate recommendation
i wish i had found this years ago
my fine lines have almost disappeared
my heart is broken.
bought at the recommendation of a sephora employee
my skin looks 15 years younger
my skin has transformed
splurged during a 20% off deal
i am 51 years young
now my mom is hooked
she is also loving it
however recently i have been considering changing my moisturizer
i live at the beach in the summer
i repurchased it 2 times now
four people complimented my skin
the skin care specialist at sephora told me
am officially sold on using a face oil as a moisturizer for my combination skin
has changed my life
it has changed my world
i am an oil girl for life
accredit it for my firm youthful appearance
it has worked fine for me
i made my boyfriend uses it too
which has never been the case
when that was discontinued
i looked at pictures
after a week of using age arrest
important for my 45 year-old eyes
i brought it to use while on vacation in southern california
it worked as stated
after years of over-drying my poor abused skin
what my mom calls them
then was shocked to discover it was a cleanser
an associate recommended this one
it changed my skin forever
recently my tzone has been oily
i got my mom and aunt hooked on this.
immediately repurchased when i ran out
it worked so well on my skin
this is the only cleanser that has actually worked for me
it stopped working as i aged
i received a mini of this
it leaked all over
my mother-in-law is always praising the use of oil cleansers
i actually purchased this by accident
1 year ago i stopped using soaps
became bored with it
in december i discovered boscia's makeup breakup oil
love this line of products now after being introduced to this first
i originally received this as a gift
it also lasts a long time it was given to me as a birthday gift last march
i just repurchased in may
boy was i wrong
it was an introductory set
i hit my thirties
knew i had to revamp my skin care routine
i've tried several sleeping masks
she said she loved it
recently discovered that boscia made one with anti-aging properties
this mask has been a lifesaver!!!
this mask exceeded expectations
my 45 year old skin began to freak out after not having issues since college
tried a million things from gentle
my skin has been glowing ever since
i got this with my recent mia 2 clairsonic purchase
caring for it daily
a sephora employee recommended this to me
i've tried others to save money
the product made my 28 yearold skin look as if i were 10
mainly because it was my mother's
also because the "anti-aging" scared me
she told me it was amazing
it hasn't wowed me in the anti aging department
i hope the lottery hits soon.
my 70-year old skin is smoother
could compare how my makeup wore
or even a 30 year olds
it was recommended by an employee who is close to my age
it was recommended to me by one of sephora's staff members for my dry under eyes
thinking i'd been hit by someone
from teen years of not being gentle with the eye area
i finally invested, and it works!
she has always had dark circles
all of her daughters inherited them to at least some degree
bought some for both of us
finally found a product that works
using this product has made covering my circles a dream
it has worked wonders
i got juvederm filers under my eyes a while ago
my mom mentioned that i had dark circles one day
night every day since i have purchased it
the women there told me she would recommend this for the br
she raved about origins
i decided to buy it
see how it worked
the service i got in the store
the sales associate gave me a saple of the moisturizer
i feel like i won the lottery with this product
i know it's already working after less than a week because i had my passport photo done
i enthusiastically slathered it on when i first tried it
i even bought it in advance in case it became sold out
even my boyfriend noticed i was glowing
this product saved my skin!
the clerk didn't believe i was over the age of 21
my mother has never had a skin routine
shes a smoker and was a 35 year factory worker.
as a woman in my 50's
i smoked in my teens
in addition to this cream his professionalism +expertise exceeded my expectations thank you
i recently received this genius cream
this combo has been a night
my skin has never been like that
healthy--i've received numerous compliments from family
now i am hooked
i wore it under my makeup
while there have been other moisturizers i've enjoyed
people tell me i look 10 years younger than i am
it has checked all the boxes for my needs.
for me i found that it helped my skin
people think i'm an 18/19 yr old high school student
have been a loyal fan of algenist serums
i can appreciate the results on my 40 year old skin
this cream rescued me
a few products i liked
i am in my thirties
my twin sister actually asked me if i had engaged in any cosmetic surgery after i had been using it for several months
as i mentioned earlier this product feels great on my skin
i beauty gift set and this product was in it.
even my friend noticed
she got the same product for herself
the black heads have ceased
has been known to break out or become irritated with new products
in the morning my face was firm
it has worked wonders on my skin.
i decided to try this based on the enthusiasm of the girl helping me at sephora
boy was i wrong
the consultant in the store asked me what my skin care goal was
since i have lupus
just got the big girl size
this was suggested to me as an alternative to the boscia black mask since the store was out of stock
my friend also used this and he has oily skin.
i moved to a new city
second time bought for my son.
my daughter uses this mask 2-3 times a week.
my acne has been eliminated
had to buy the whole bottle
the fact that the mask had won an award
knew i had to have it
she was glowing: she'd used the mask that morning
purchased this on a whim
the check-out woman happened to be pregnant like myself
she recommended this product to me
it had worked out better that the other face wash i was using from alba
originally received in my sephora play box
the clay seems almost suspended
worked well with my clarisonic
talked to one of the ladies
though i recently had an outbreak
this has been a savior
my clarisonic forever until my skin recently had a crisis
when i worked in a factory at one time
i recently received this in the play box
bought this since the original moisturizer was amazing
browsed quickly through it
thinking it was a red clay mask i erroneously placed it on my face
i am 20 years old
i live in the south
so an employee at sephora suggested this one
everything from fab that i've tried i've been in love with
took this on an my overseas vacation.
this is a one stop shop for me as a cleanser
i even bought the bar soap from this br
some of you reading this are over 50 years young
which appeared after menopause
i've had perfect skin as a teenager.
department store skin care items
it is my secret weapon
my pores have also vanished
recommended to all my of friends
an employee told me it shouldn't be used every night
you will look 5 years younger
next morning she looked a good 5-10 years younger
she insisted on buying this
i recently bought the sleeping mask
that i looked like a doll
i now a staple in my regimen
i am 63 years old
i previously had bad skin
my friend gave good reviews
i first visited the local sephora store for something else
more than it was advised
i think i look 10 years younger at least
i work as an er physician
i am in my mid-forties
i've purchased black tea eye twice now bc i haven't found anything better
my mum receives compliments, she's 62 this year.
my mom bought this product
my eye area loved it
all gave me allergies
this has never given me allergies.
are at an older age
i received this as one of the vib gifts
she had been using clinique
it worked almost immediately i loved this for dark circles
even if i could have bought it the was sold out.
firm after just two uses
no stranger to good skin care
my conservative estimate is that i saw results in 4 months
she said she is going to buy this cream for herself
the associate recommended this
a sephora representative said use this in combination
i already purchased the second cream
very dark since childhood
after many years of wearing contacts
has helped with my eye bags
i've fallen in love with it
i would have been on board
so you get an idea, i'm 28 years old.
after spending $155 on two trips to the dermatologist
this has saved my skin.
my story is i'm 46 and still battling adult acne.
josie i wish i had your products 20 years ago
i researched a lot before buying it to make sure it was vegan
recently grew familiar with josie maran products when a friend issued me one of the hydrating
even after a transcontinental flight
i am 30 years old
my face looks 10 yrs younger.
every retailer that sold it
i recently repurchased it
my skin has been nearly perfect
i've never had a problem with the droppers
i am 56 years old
my favorite moisturizer had been discontinued
recently i have been experiencing drier
bought it online later with some tatcha enzyme wash
this restored my skin
i cleaned the house
took the kids to soccer
this stuff saved me.
this has been a life saver for my makeup
even my twin sister was amazed
my skin has never been the same
no regrets with this purchase:)
she hogged it all!!
has asked for repurchase
i knocked off a star bc as the purchaser
their mother says that
this has been a life changer
this product saved my skin
a sephora cast member recommend this to me
i feel like a look like a woman in her 50's who has been smoking for 25 years
my sister bought me the "sampler" size for christmas
(think a vacation in a container).
i do recommend using an old makeup foundation brunch to apply
the product did initially burn
i brought this recently
prior to receipt of this product i always thought glamglow was over-hyped/over-priced
a friend asked me to pick some up for her as it is significantly cheaper there
even the women who has been caring for my skin for the past 10 years noticed a difference
it transformed my post-baby
my dermatologist told me at the start of this year to
as i had when i was younger
i've struggled to keep me skin hydrated since moving to canada years ago
women my age suffering through this awful plight will underst
like the original cream
for my dry 54 yr old skin without any other major problems
have been told i look @ least 20yrs younger
it's been a staple in my medicine cabinet
travel bag for years
this is the ticket
it was not stocked in the store i visited
as soon as the wedding was over
par this with a hat
it also has been great for the gym bag!
where has this been all of my life!?!
my dermatologist told me years ago not to wash my face with any soaps in the morning
i wish i had started using this years ago!
this product worked well to remove my eye makeup.
the sales associate at the store suggested this
bought this product by mistake.
i originally got the cleansing oil by mistake
i saw this product mentioned in a magazine
i've tried the balm version of this and loved it.
i forgot that my contact lenses were in one time
this product was recommended to me by cynthia at sephora
is my only complaint
discontinued product that i loved from becca
s on this before the official launch at nars boutiques
boom it all disappeared
i recently started using this little beauty
ran to my computer to purchase
i will admit i impulsively bought this after loving the sample of this i pulled out of a magazine
had a sephora makeup artist recommend this primer to me on the day that i had a mini-makeover
i just didn't have a substitute that worked as well as this
as a 56 year old with fair
just bought one for a friend, it's that good!
i spent an afternoon with a sephora rep
my skin became pink after applying most them
i've repurchased this product twice.
because around the same time i started using this i changed my diet
i found the one
suffered with acne in my young adult years
my skin has been resurfaced
had bought the cream
i am 25 years old
this mask was recommended by a perricone md account manager i met in my usual sephora
never found in another treatment
if you're an in-store shopper
if they charged more
the sales lady showed me perricone md which i'm completely new to
but, to my amazement it helped!
i already ordered another jar
the chloro plasma mask intrigued me when it first came out
only 1 of them purchased perricone exclusively
after 4 months of searching i found this gem
this product is a keeper
this was my first foray into perricone md products
even on my almost 50-year-old face
felt firm when it dried
like the worst skin you could imagine for a 19 years girl
my skin has been baby
my friend who has acne-free
this is one product i'll be devoted to for life
patrick's day and bought this on a whim.
this was my first ever perricone md purchase
even my fiancé could tell that my skin was brighter
this is seriously a miracle worker
i am 41 and started getting mild adult acne.
been to the dermatologist and nothing has helped.
i even got asked what i had done differently by a friend
my fine lines disappeared.
have been waiting for a mask
i am a brown girl
s worked for me
i first discovered this moisturizer about 3 years ago when the winter season stripped my skin
i also wore it on vacation on the beach
i found it in my cabinet
this one is prefect!
the reason i originally purchased this product was because i have some melasma
haven't been burned yet this summer
this cream was suggested to me by a sales associate
he is now hooked
hasn't joined that fan club either
i tried this out after finding that my local store stopped carrying my beloved ren radiance serum
old habits die hard
so this is the first product that i have purchased out of years of la mer obsession
received this in the mail
i am over 40 have deep hereditary eye cercles since birth
my little sister actually recommended this cream to me
skin tone similar to the woman in the demo video
it was on sale
it met my expectations.
i originally purchased this for myself to help me look less tired
my mom has always had dark under eye circles.
my sister even pointed it out to me while she was watching me put on makeup one day
as if i haven't slept in days
this product is a miracle worker!
an assistant in store recommended this
where has this been all my life!
s that haven't worked for me
this product saved my skin.
texture from one use had me hooked
i just purchased this mask today in store
it has worked wonders
so with the recommendation from the lovely staff at the sephora near me
i recently tried the algenist face cream
this one i received as a gift
the woman sold me on this instead
because it's been a miracle-worker
it was one that paula begouin recommended on her website
have already ordered another bottle
that's when my life changed
this product has piqued my interest into the rest of the line
first of all, who spends $55 on a bar of soap?
it has helped with my acne
this was recommended by a sephora skin specialist for a a thorough clean…
who knew i'd find gold
this was for my mom with combination skin
a friend of mine recommended this
when a friend of mine bought it
i splurged on the maskoholic set
was recommended by someone that works in the store
asked a sephora employee what they recommended
i my partner has combination skin
my birthday was this month
consultant with over 20 yrs experience
keep in mind i'm 40yrs old!
it has worked wonders.
my fiancé even noticed and liked it.
i now associate it to a good night's sleep :
loved it since day one
works wonders for my face
slept with it on
this cleanser passed with an a+
've been struggling with my skin for a while
after years of neglect from using cheap drug store products i decided to bite the bullet
said he'd go to sephora to buy it
have had acne since i was a teenager
i've had trouble with acne as an adult
30-something year old skin
this cleanser has been my one-stop shop for cleaning at night
this mask lived up to my expectations
i recently ran out
tried on the no foundation foundation
by the time i paid
i've never spent $60 on a foundation before
i've purchased it about 4 times now.
have searched all the br
i've had mine since the beginning of summer
then i heard from a co-worker friend about this product
have been dedicated ever since
she was wearing it, and her skin looked amazing.
i've never been a foundation girl
i started using this because as i've gotten older
as opposed to looking like i'm wearing a mask
i immediately purchased it
i've shared it my friends
moved on to other things because i'm a product junkie
the girl at sephora said it will match to your skin tone
it sits in my cabinet
there are some nights when i am a bad girl
purchased this because i felt like i needed a light
this is the first that works well just as described
all worked well as night oil
since i see sephora has it on sale
bought this as a change-up from the josie marin oil
the salesgirl at eaton centre was spot on with her recommendations
i chose this eye cream because of the reputation
that was never a problem of mine
the sales associate showed me this product
this has been my miracle product
it is plumped for hours
i will suggest it to my younger friends
i also got my sister and mom hooked on this!
the employee at sephora pointed me to this product
now in my forties
this eye cream has been a permanent staple in my regimen for the last year
what a lifesaver this was for her!!!
repurchasing for spring and summer.
i introduced this to a 22 year girl
the rose eye cream is what sold me.
recommended to me by sephora skin expert in store
the girl who suggested this to me in-store said it was great under concealer
disappearance of my fine lines
my 5 year old thinks i smell like strawberries since i've been using this
while this isn't a miracle worker
i read about this product recently on refinery 29
i first bought it about a month ago from another retailer
i got it as a gift
i definitely have repurchased
i took my fiancé into sephora with me one day
after he had entertained himself to his full extent pretending to care about the men's fragrances
this worked for me at leasat.
i would definitely recommend to a friend
none have worked as well as this one
because it has worked so well for me
the drugstore strips were not working for me
my nose seriously hasn't been this free of blackheads since i was a child
my boyfriend has a good amount of black head
nothing has worked for them
i've already bought like 3 packages
i think i've bought them out!
purchased the single application.
night cream religiously for a week now
i scoffed at the people who said it burned.
apologies to those who reported it did!
the salesperson told me a year… i am a few months in
loved both the day
love this stuff, bought like 3 jars already.
i've recently started "stacking" my masks
the formula has changed a bit
i made my boyfriend try it
he said it burned his face
i removed it as directed
my sister bought me the small one for christmas
i already have the black one
i am currently 9 weeks pregnant
a friend recommended that i try this one
actually i just bought my sister the small size to try
i never bought in to the hype of glamglow products
it had changed me skin
i look younger than my age
i looked 10 years older
i started using it religiously.
my friends told me they notice my face is brighter
i also smoked all through high school
when i searched for it on the sephora website
which tells me that this was renamed
my old bottle was 30 ml?
at 45 years old i have begun to become really self-conscious about my wrinkles
a sephora salesperson thought it would suit me
my bags are gone
was asking about another product
it worked wonders immediately
found it very close to old el time zone eyes
i even used it on my old man
this product worked miracles!
i am mid 50's age
now i am buying the jar
my 20 year-old daughter had a sleepless night
it worked well with my makeup
i recently started using it under my eyes overnight
everything described in the description worked for me
what something to help with puffy eyes then my friend
even recommended to my mom
"resurfaced" my skin felt
a sales associate at sephora recommended this to me
promised that it was one of her "holy grailes"
i recently purchased the 'sampler' size kit of ptr masks
this is a miracle worker
my mom gave this to me after she purchased the mini mask set
i just wish i hadn't been deterred by the pain complaints
i originally used this as part of a gift box i received last year
i've worked up my skin's tolerance
this mask was a gift to myself
was recommended by the sales rep
i received this was a gift for christmas last year
it worked well for everyone
initially tried this out because i love pumpkin
since people constantly rave about it
had previously tried the ptr 24k gold mask
i leave on my face for over recommended time though since i am a male
still found myself searching
i wish this had been the first ptr mask i'd bought
the burning died down significantly after about 1 min
this is a staple in my bathroom
i found this cleanser thanks to a sephora employee
the sales rep recommended this
i've purchased my second bottle
the sales girl said she loved it
this has worked quite well!
i received as gratis
i would definitely recommend this to a friend.
i recently purchased this on a whim
let me preface this review by stating that i am only twenty-two years old
i told her about l'occitane
i also told her how she can purchase this product on sephora with my other beauty secret
the reason why i searched this item
eventually, i've grown to like the smell.
i've found this product works
since it’s working while i sleep
even my 16 year old daughter has noticed
boy was i wrong
repurchasing my 3rd jar.
i actually bought it for my husb
because he has a milk case of ezema
that i thought it was going to be the same old story
i even had the flu
i've never fully bought into expensive serums in the past
i've repurchased this bottle 3 times now
i reached for it
my husband noticed my skin improvement in a week.
i recently returned to clinique products after many years
the deluxe sample has lasted me forever
i received this as a gift
worked on my "new" wrinkles
as my skin aged i tried different products from clinique
had the sales lady talk me into it
i am 35 years old
pm as directed it is gone
loved it from day one
i got it as a 100 point perk recently
it has transformed my skin
bought a bottle of each the same day
have been in love with it ever since
been researching serums for awhile
this was my #1 product of the year
s" people have been mentioning
bought this for my travel bag
i tried different products none of them worked
my eyes looked tired recently
noted that now i look 5 years younger
have enjoyed their results
i am in my mid-forties
this eye cream helped me look like my old self
my eye area started looking younger after about a week of using this
i spotted this item in the store
it worked well for me
while browsing in sephora one day
realizing that my skin had changed
looked 10 years younger than i was
it is thanks to korres that i discovered sephora.
with that being said
this product has been a game changer.
i look years younger every time i use this
my 72 year old used it too
once i got home i examined it
my skin is still firm
i went and bought a bottle.
this product was recommended to me by a woman from my book club
i'd noticed how beautiful her skin was looking recently
one of the more "mature" employees told her it was amazing
my friend had only used it a few times
even my husband noticed!
this cream is a 5 star product with a 1 star price
for my birthday i asked for a gift certificate to put towards 1 full size jar
i am frequently told how young i look
i am 47 years old
i just ordered a new jar
now i am hooked
now i am hooked.
like the sephora employee suggested
as a mousterizer it is a keeper
this cream has been a life saver
a friend had given me genifique by lancôme to try
have since repurchased another bottle
i am not a chemist
i received it as a promotion through sephora.
just bought another bottle !
so recently i had been having problems with breakouts
i couldn't remember how many times i have repurchased this product
been using this religiously for one year morning
i received this as a gift for one of shisiedo's gift program
this product saved my skin
it seriously has helped revitalize my skin
my oilyness has been kept at bay
i've always had dull looking skin according to my parents
the sales lady on the floor recommended shiseido ultimune
this cream has saved my skin.
in my misspent youth
i just recently tried
my husband and daughter now use it.
i buy this for my teenager
this saved my skin
i switched to this cream
i got introduced to this mask through a personal on one appointment at sephora
this mask was the only thing that saved my skin
it is a miracle worker when my skin is feeling abused
has saved my skin on multiple occasions.
discovered this product by accident
i am 45 years old
my mother swears by this.
my daughter told me of this cleanser
this has taken the place of that
have recommended the product to friends
i've had mine for about 2-3 months now
but for me, this cleanser saved my skin.
perfect for my 50 year old skin.
this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
i am 35 years old
so girls and boys buy buy buy!!!
i've fallen in love with algenist
even the ones where i packed the original product bottle in my suitcase
i've used dior star recently
it changed my life.
i tried many eye cream, included la met.
discovered this anti aging one
bought this product online about month
that has worked to improve them
i'd been experimenting with eye creams for awhile
i browsed through some pictures from 2 years ago when my skin looked flawless
signed into my sephora account
looked at recent orders dated around when that picture was taken
my fiancé even commented at dinner the other night
while it isn't a miracle worker
i am getting older
this cleanser was suggested by an associate at sephora
i like it so much that i repurchased.
i am mid-thirties
made my boyfriend touch my face
it changed my life
as a teen/young adult
none worked as well on eye makeup
my teenage daughter loves it too
i used it faithfully
one for my mom
because nothing has compared to this since i bout it in september
bought this 6 months ago to meet my $50 requirement for my very first sephora makeover
recently trying top selling oil cleansers
my 17 yr old daughter even snagged it from me!!!
they have transformed my skin.
nothing in the past had worked
the sales girl that helped me recommended this
've been on a hunt for age defying products lately
i am only 22 years old
a friend of mine recommended this
asked for it for her birthday
my skin felt former
decided to buy it for my relatives on thanks giving day
i immediately loved it
it is what my 50 year old skin has been yearning for
even though my fiancé kept saying i look the same
i recently had a facial for the first time
that is my only complaint
i've used perricone md for years
makes my 58 year old skin look 33.
and it hasn't been temporary.
i broke out recently due to drinking 2% milk
two of my coworkers recommended this for me
perricone has never been a br
our rep had provided me with this 6 weeks prior to being sold
bought it the next day
even signed up to attend a perricone event
it was like a miracle
i found a tube of this that my mother had given me for my birthday
it's saved my skin!
i just recently purchased the belif true cream
firm my skin was the next day
this product has completed transformed my skin
i wanted to try this because i'm a college student who pulls all nighters
will be repurchasing later
have repurchased this time and time again.
my fiancé commented about how amazing i smelled
ruddiness of my skin is gone
i made my friends try it
i recently went on medication that has dried my skin out
this has been a blessing
by this time in the year it is pink
this mask was my savior!
for some reason i never repurchased
i remembered this product
this bottle is like gold
has been working on my post acne marks
i stopped having acne
this is the only thing that has worked for me
i recently purchased this product instore
chose this eye cream
however i am young
my 11-yr old daughter
have loved it ever since i started using it
i even had a co-worker ask what i had done different
i felt it working on contact.
it's grown on me
he told me how recently anthony for men has lost the "men" portion
my daughter and i both use it.
i wish i had this stuff in my life earlier!!
the lady at sephora recommended this product
the product is safe to use while pregnant
i discovered this product on sephora's website
it wasn't in store
this product is a miracle worker!!!!!
i've never slept with it on
i've told all my friends to go to sephora to buy this
nothing has helped it
included them in mine
this product line has transformed my skin
my friend got it as a birthday gift to me.
it drank it in
instantly became obsessed with it
for combination skin like mine
this was recommended to me by a sephora employee
i owe her my life
after that i had to buy it.
bought during the rouge sale
i look 5 years younger when i use this.
even at my age
nothing has ever worked
repurchased this with 2 other bottles
i've received compliments on my skin
ditched the lotion for good
thank you sephora for carrying it!
i gave this to my girlfriend who is also suffering from acne
my friend recommended me this product as it is working good for her
had friends notice a difference as well
i am a big girl
by the way i am a male ;)
then i had to reapply the powder
even my teen daughter noticed my face looked younger
i recently change my diet
i saw a blogger talking about this beauty shot
one for my mom during friends
this is the ticket
contacted the company they went above
this has been a game changer
recently introduced to me and i love it.
firm appearing eye area
this got recommended to me in store
the girl told me i could use it under my make-up more like a primer
a must have for every girl over 40!!
got a lots of compliment since i've been using this beauty shot
i tried this on the recommendation of a friend.
looked like my father
thought l was 20 years younger
found it actually worked
which i was about to cave on
this product lives up to its name.
thank you to the young man at the grocery store who carded me last week
i just purchased this a week ago
i am recommending this to all my friends.
i suggested it to my friends that have a combination skin
my daughter that was pregnant
has saved my skin
i shop at sephora weekly.
nothing has worked as well as this oil balm.
a sales associate at my sephora rummaged in a drawer
several people commented how rested
i would've saved so much money had i just bought this
been done with it
never repurchased because its a little pricey for a broke college student
be patient and devoted to the regimen.
props to the sephora employee who recommended this to me
was going to save for my traveling supplies
ran out of my original cleanser
this has saved my skin
this changed my mind
have since gone through 3 bottles
i recently re-discovered it
jart's microwater has been part of my day
this bottle has leaked into my suitcase multiple times
no regrets on this purchase.
i just paid $32 for a bottle of water”…
i just bought this
so the sales girl switched it to one that didnt leak
it had become a staple in my routine
this is my first cleansing water type of product i've owned
it may be because i have 30 year old skin
i got this as a gift from my daughter.
you have a forever loyal customer.
recommend to all of my friends
i immediately ordered it
i only purchased this product
i just celebrated my 39 birthday
the fact i've recently done a 7 month treatment of accutane
recommended for ladies between 50 and older .
for others as gifts
my skin become so firm
i received this as a gift
a friend of mine suggested this black tea mask
i recently switched to all fresh products.
i am 56 years old
a fresh representative at sephora told me about the product
with that being said
co-workers even comment
side note: i was recently in the store
my skin was firm
sister on to this product
this has passed that test
my four year old rubbed my face this morning
i've never had issues with it transferring
my eyes are as smooth as some of my coworkers who are 10-15 yrs my junior
i am now hooked
needed one that doesn't have any retinol in it since i'm about 6 months pregnant
i recently ran out
so i ran out and bought a bottle.
my daughter gave me this as part of a points gift
i recently tried the sister product the 3d mask
i received it as a points gift
granted i am under 30
my 51 year old mother each bought a bottle
i am 46 years old
the representative in the store took me to this gem of a product
she said she was currently using
it has taken 5 years offl
i've used this product faithfully am
it works as promised.
wish i could have found this years ago.
mine is working fine
a few years ago my fiance bought me the glam glow christmas set which included the thirstycleanse cleanser
i recently changed my diet
i am 60 years young
one of the trips was an outdoor music festival where i camped for 4 days
this has worked wonders for me
that combination has changed my life
i've already gone through 3 bottles.
already bought this cleanser three times.
i've bought this cleanser before
as a young high school teacher
since it was on sale
i've also changed my habits: exercising
and this worked so well!!!!
started traveling more for work
i changed my makeup
a department store that sells designer br
bought this recently outside of sephora.
remembered i would use this
my skin has gone rogue
i got recommended this product one day at sephora when i was telling the girl how oily my skin is
it has changed my life.
nothing worked for me, until now!
have adult acne here
i even almost booked an appointment with a dermatologist because at almost 20 years old
i decided to try this cleanser since i had received a sephora gift card for christmas
i got this for my 13 year old cousin who was starting to get really bad acne
it was sold out
this cleanser worked wonders for me
bought the trial size to see how i liked it
a friend of mine recommended it to me so my mom bought it for me for christmas
i recently had a breakout on my forehead
mine was broken too
i immediately loved it
this is the only thing that worked on my skin
i recently purchased it
i recently broke out from a new cleanser i was testing
i am 31 years old but people think i'm 25.
i am 36 years old
this oil has definitely saved my skin.
actually i find my fiance
it saved my skin in the winter months
my skin has been a wreck lately
it changed my life
i stopped use this product due to suspecting an allergy
bought because tatcha's camellia cleansing oil was out of stock both times i tried to buy it last week
i used this recently on my 2 daughters
worked well with a couple of pumps
've been switching makeup remover since i was a teenager
my only complaint is my pump.
since no one else complained about this
i've contacted sephora to figure it out.
it has changed my skin
" miracle worker for me
that's what finally inspired this revamp for me
this cleanser has changed my skin in a week.
i've recently tried it again
bought this in the little ornament
i decided to venture off
tried belief aqua bomb
my friend let me try some of hers
my mom purchased this a couple weeks ago.
i started using it since my current moisturizer hadn't been working
has changed my skins life
i recently switched acne treatments
which has been doing wonders
found this by accident
wasn't wowed by it
i am 40 years old
it has been a blessing for my combo skin
so many of my friends have become hooked after using it at my house
the original hope in a jar completely changed my skin
my friend that works at the local sephora recommended this to me
the ladies at sephora directed me to a couple products
even my friend noticed a different 1 day after i put it on
i am in my mid-twenties
i've taken good care of my skin since i was in my mid twenties
i originally got a deluxe same of this
after experimenting with another product i had to return
thanks philosophy for helping this 30 year old woman look like she got a 9 hour sleep last night
tatcha has changed my life
you provide a day of school to a young girl in a developing country
this worked wonders for my skin
recently dove into the world of skin care
one from the drugstore
i think i've purchased 3 bottles of this.
i only recently started to double cleanse
nothing has worked to the extent of this oil
buy it and thank me later.
it is the bomb
i am 28 years old
it saves my life
this worked like a charm
i developed ezcema 5 months ago
have suffered with acne all my life
i am a penny puncher
i am a changed woman
i recently purchased the muddy body elixir
i originally planned to return it
i received this from my sister who
the sephora employee recommended this to me
my 10 year old gr
had bought her in
daughter convinced me that it needs to be in our house
i recently bought the tatcha bestsellers set
i loved this oil-based cleanser so much i recently purchased my second bottle
i ordered this originally for my mom because she is has very dry skin
since i have ordered one for myself
give drunk elephant a chance
at the suggestion of the sephora associate
immediately my skin felt plumped
this line changed my life!!
including what my doctor prescribed
my boyfriend loves the results this oil has left on my skin
but this worked for me, surprisingly.
first of all i'm an obsessive sephora shopper.
thinks i'm in my early twenties
my adult acne skin has disappeared thanks to this
this one has my heart
however i was using the whole drunk elephant line
so that in itself has already saved my money!!
i am a 31 year old female
but i listened and tried it.
i am 37 years old my skin is combo
though in my forties
which my sister is
i wish i had known about it years ago!
de has changed my life!
since adding this to my night time regimen
i got this as a tester initially
i almost rated this in the summer
since i've started using the drunk elephant line
i recently got into using oils
drunk elephant hit it out of the park with this!
loyal customer for life
it saved my skin
i've recently discovered this br
switched completely to drink elephant
this one has worked miracles for me.
by morning my face is very plumped
i ordered one bottle online
bumps would have disappeared
my sister who has eczema also uses the drunk elephant line
tried this de oil
all of those products worked well for me
i am a 22 year old
after a store associate used it on my skin during a custom makeover
give drunk elephant a chance
be warned it burns for about 5 secs
a friend said it broke her out
i've learned more just from their instagram account than i've learned in my entire life
when i first bought this product
purchased de's night serum after a recommendation from a friend with similar skin type/issues
my skin was a disaster before drunk elephant!
now i swear i look 5 years younger.
my skin is thanking me
bought it in the name of retail therapy
still less expensive than a session with my therapist
also people mistake me for an undergrad or high schooler
i recently just got off of accutane for my acne
i originally got this in a playbox
after trying a few nighttime serums this has been my fav
this is only thing that has worked
this was a miracle product for me
this has replaced my paula's choice bha
i've added this to my evening routine after a friend of mine got a sample
my boyfriend even commented on the condition of my skin
for someone who has suffered from bad acne for years
it works like a dream
as opposed to the giant
i've already purchased a back up
the marula oil have me hooked on drunk elephant
de has won my heart and my money...
the whole drunk elephant line
it has changed my life!!
this is made by a br
i tried this serum about a year ago so desperately wanting to love
i assumed it was all hype
nothing that's ever instantly worked
i am 30 years old
i am constantly traveling
$5 this one changed my life
since i am so addicted to other de products recently
i've already repurchased both the pekee
drunk elephant has converted me back the bar!
it is a bar i also feel safe having my young daughter use on her pre-teen skin
this lived up to the hype
i recently switched to de
i recently purchased this bar
i am officially smitten
my mother has even commented on it.
it has been a miracle for me.
got suggested to this bar
its my first drunk elephant purchase
i learned about drunk elephant from an employee of mine who interned for tiffany last summer
while i originally balked at the price point
would treat skin from probably 5 yrs old to 50+
just introduced it to my tween daughter to get her started on a good skin care routine
but this is the boss :)
my boyfriend is now secretly using the bar
well done drunk elephant!
her personal testimony of the product
i decided to give the trial size a try after a worker was raving about the juju bar
i tried it after a friend recommended it to me.
this is my first product from drunk elephant
this soap has saved my skin.
friend recommended this to me
it has worked wonders
i never thought i'd purchase bar soap
i like this one over the white one personally :)
adored every other drunk elephant product
i painstakingly did my due diligence
after being in a house fire
juju saved my skin
more like miracle elephant.
bought almost all of their products
i recently bought this in conjunction with the peekee bar
i am about as far from a bar soap girl as you can get
drunk elephant has completely changed the skin care game for me
i learned about drunk elephant from an employee of mine who interned for tiffany last summer
i've faithfully been using it to wash my face every morning
drunk elephant is my little luxury
now that i've discovered them
i contacted the company
i've had acne since 10, now 21.
being a student this was a big splurge
this would work for a 15 yr old as well
it was sold out
bought this about a year ago
spent over $700 on a well known br
nothing gave me that "3 month overhaul" to my approaching 40 year old skin
a friend asked me to pick some up for her as it is significantly cheaper there
was skeptical to say the least when my sephora girl recommended
the combination of the two had worked wonders on my complexion in general
have been enjoying using this as my summer moisturizer
wish i had discovered this line months ago
my daughter has combo
my mother in law got it for me to give it a try
one in my medicine cabinet
this has been a life saving cleanser!
treated my skin the night before
the associate recommended this
patiently waited for it to be delivered
i'll finally be devoted to a face cleanser
it's been several years since i last dabbled in korres
as soon as i found this one i stopped experimenting
this is the first time i've cheated after year of acne as a teen
than after discovering how amazing the foreo luna 2 is i switched
i just purchased another bottle.
my friends have all tried it
i would have never sought out this br
just repurchased for the second time.
i actually repurchased this
but this has been a face saver.
my skin has been feeling
bought one for my friend as part of her birthday gift
now i'm buying myself one for my birthday
i've repurchased it about 3 times now
this product has transformed my skin.
it has become a staple to my morning
stole this from my sister
its surprising that it has lasted me such a longtime
no regrets on this product!
and i believe raised the price by 3 dollars.
amazing cleanser i already bought this 3 times
i've purchased this de-puffer numerous times.
my husband and i both use this.
who has been suffering from puffy bags of late
it has worked great to de-puff her bags.
i love this product my sister in law recommended it to me when she got a sample of it
the makeup artist used this product on me while doing a makeover
who has dark bags
i only found this stuff by accident
for a woman in her forties
it isn't a miracle worker
this is a miracle worker.
firstly i tried it under one eye in the store
i then bought it
feel like i'm the poster child for puffiness since i was a baby i've had it
what it has done for my self-esteem
boy was i wrong!
i am 34 years old with combination skin
my almost 60-year-old skin glowed as if i'd slept for a day
my only complaint is the dropper
i recently bought my second bottle from another retailer
i recently ran out of my go-to drugstore face wash
used it the old fashioned way since i don't have the brush
i also recently bought the 7 day scrub which i also highly recommend
almost died from how fast my blemishes disappeared
i actually bought it about a year ago
i received this from my mom
this oil has saved my skin
i discovered this by accident a few years ago when i received it as a christmas gift
i am 28 years old
was talked into trying a sample of this product by an employee
purchased this an investment in anti aging
it helped to matify my skin
actually bought the kit primarily because it has a 2
since then i have been hooked
i got this as a gift
even though this is marketed to younger women it has made an amazing difference in my aged
it worked wonders on my redness
i am 26 years old
i've never found a serum i thought was worth spending the money on until now
my skin has freaked out
after 2 uses i was hooked
needed for my 26 year old skin
i got this around a week ago and i'm obsessed.
boy was she right
not bad for 51 year old skin!
ive repurchased it 2x since i originally bought it in march
i am 24 years old
i felt the scent itself awakened me.
she had been telling me for months my skin was congested
i am 29 years old
they've been seriously bugging me
i found this product to work exactly as described
i originally purchased this as part of the mask-o-holic set of 5
bought the 6 piece mask set
i am a slave to this product now.
my skin has never felt so firm and plump!
the sephora associate suggested this mask to me for hydration
it has become part of my routine.
let me start by saying two things: i'm 50 years old
wish i'd have thought of it earlier.
bought the set for my mom for christmas
i've owned this mask for about a year now
purchased it on the first day of the vib rouge sale
7 ounce bottle on a dating website for $16
it worked so well
i am 55 years old
i just bought this mask today
first purchased this for my daughter for christmas since we had just visited irel
she is a makeup officienado and loved it.
even my friend said my pores looks smaller the next morning after one use
my skin was saved
now that has changed
i recently bought the mask-a-holic kit
am known to be wearing nothing in the house
my skin has never been as flawless!
i made him use it faithfully for the past month
it has worked on all my different skin types
as others i started using el in my twenties
over 25 years ago i attempted to become a erno lazlo devote which resulted in an epic fail
i am sold on the double cleansing.
i never suffered from acne
i got this as a gift
received this product from influenster!
i am amazed when old school products beat out new ones
if this product were a man
when i was a teen i was introduced to this line.
it was a miracle for my teenage skin at the time
again it worked wonders.
my mom had to school me on it
ering around the mall before an afternoon job interview
spent on other br
a makeup artist used this on me
i chose to pay this over my foundation.
my boyfriend also uses this
my fine lines have disappeared
i recommended this to a friend
i've even had longtime friends
relatives tell me they've noticed a difference
was surprised this worked for me considering it has salicylic acid
i immidialaty splurged for the 32oz bottle
swam outdoors almost all my life
i recently just purchased a luna mini 2
i am a licensed cosmetology instructor
i am sold for life!
this was recommended by someone at sephora
my fiancé use this
first tried this cleanser as a birthday gift from sephora
ever since been hooked
i've bought like 2 bottles already.
my breakouts have disappeared
my 15 year old daughter started using this face wash
they are short lived
have i been hooked since
i discovered this in the bi birthday gift set awhile back
i received a sample as one of my birthday gifts last year
i got this as a sample size for last year's birthday gift
s that have worked well
i got it from the birthday gift with the cucumber gel mask
i received this cleanser as part of my birthday gift from sephora
i received this a my birthday gift.
i received this as a birthday gift from sephora
nothing worked it was that deep
this was part of the birth day gift i received from sephora
got this as a free birthday gift
i love that for the past two years it was in the birthday gift
after a month he was a believer
i got the small trial size for my birthday
when it was my birthday month i got a free cleanser
i've repurchased this cleanser 3 times now.
was even asking about it because he was secretly using it in the shower
forgot the exact name
when i told my sephora consultant
he suggested this product
i returned to the store
now that i'm in college
s over the years
a sephora associate recommended this eye cream instead
it is by no means a miracle worker
the power k is the only product that has worked
it has saved my eyes
i am 59 years old
the clerk told me she had tried it
now i am 100% sold!
i origianlly bought it for the treatment of dark circles
i also put it on a 40 year old uncle
it worked in a matter of days
as i am getting older
i must say this product has worked for me.
s over the years
nothing has ever worked like this product
dark circles run in my family
when i went to the store the sales lady told me to take vitamin k along with this product
my co-workers has already noticed a difference
dad calls me his little raccoon
my husbands nickname for me is raccoon.
a sephora consultant suggested i try this.
so can my family members
you have found it
i work nights as a nurse
was worried it was discontinued
the only other times i've experienced dark circles was when i was working overnights
none worked until i found power k eye rescue
i also gave it to my mother who has dark circles
it not only worked on her dark circles
purchased the next day!!
found nothing that works
i just purchased cleanser last week
they also enjoyed it
not sold in stores
with that being said
have purchased numerous products from glamglow
i tried this after loving their weekly mask
never paid for any cleansers because i had been loyal to my ole henriksen foaming cleanser for at least 8 years now
i am trying the silver bottle now
cleansers has truly saved me
realized it has sulfates in it
i ordered another backup one
i received this as a birthday gift
it was on sale
purchased this on a whim bc it was on sale.
purchased only because i ran out of my previous cleanser
purchased this cleanser about 2 weeks ago after wondering what all the hype was about the glamglow br
sugar cookies which is what had attracted me to the cleanser in the first place
after repurchasing this twice
it started working its magic
i've fallen in love with this cleanser
i got a 1oz bottle of this in a glamglow gift said i had purchased
i received this cleanser in my glossybox this month
this winter has been a b$
it was my birthday
i decided to treat myself
so i had to buy the giant bottle!
my roommate is approaching 50
originally intending not to use it
should've discovered it sooner!
bought this because a sephora employee recommended it
it has worked for me.
no eye creams had been working for me
this product was the first thing a sephora employee recommended to me
the soy cleanser both items have been a fav for over a year now i recently purchased the renewed "hope in a jar" eye cream which was great expect i had sensitivity issues with it
i recently had permanent eyeliner
this eye cream has changed my life
a company has finally cared enough to offer something clean
just recently had a chemical peel
which i have been suffering through throughout my teen years
this is coming from a 17 year old on a budget
i applied this product before bed
liked the idea of a "milk"
i found that nude had come out with a new milk product
when i first bought this i have been having more breakouts than when i went through puberty
motel soap at best.
the first oil cleanser i was ever introduced to was the boscia one
this has never broken me out
my mind has been blown
my life has been changed
my sister in law does
boy was i wrong.
i tried this on a whim because it was cheaper than boscia
i received a 1oz version of this as part of a set
this was recommended to me by an employee at sephora
i found this product
well, this product has become my hero.
has been getting compliments on her skin
i loved it immediately
i wanted to purchase it
if i had one complaint
i told a man at sephora all the problems my skin was having
i decided to buy it.
all my problems were being solved
was told by 3 sales people this was the bomb!
keeps me from ever having an outbreak.
i just bought this cleanser yesterday
this product has worked for me
it is literally the only thing that has worked
i recently had a laser peel
i told her my skin appeared dull to me.
this would be your friend
never finishes the bottle
i am nearly done with the bottle-planning on repurchasing
i tried this in the store because one of the associates showed it to me
i initially purchased while talking to the perricone rep in a gift pack
has acted the most normal it ever has
the lady swore by this stuff
my skn liked the original
with the spf it became a buy.
i recently have tried the "no makeup makeup" line
i've beeen an avid perricone user for 10 years.
this stuff saved my skin
foundation exclusively for 20 years
i received the 10 day trial
i am 21 years old
family are asking me what i have been using
t mixed with an old cigarette in water
my skin feels firm
i tried it on a whim
my husband complimented my me.
gave it to my 45 year old mother
my skin looks 10 years younger!
as i recently entered my 30's
this has done the job
have been using it faithfully each morning
algenist has taken 5-10 years off my skin.
i think i've found a keeper
didn't buy until recently
used it with my genius cream that i had recently purchased
i also caved in
i am purchasing a bottle for my mother as well
i received the 10 supply
the smell disappeared very quickly
would have been 5 stars
this one is a keeper
was suggested this by the sephora skin care person
the associate put this on as a mask
used everyday when i traveled to tropical isl
i tried it on my boyfriend
a sephora consultant recommended this for my red/irritated skin
have been doing that
a sales person saw me
i agreed without hesitation.
i discover it thank's to sephora beauty counselor
i asked the girls what product i had to have for my skin
has saved me from my acne getting worse
i am 35 yrs old
i might recommend it to my teenager son 14 yrs old who is starting to have minimal acne problems
i would recommend this to young teens or young adults with acne prone skin
which has been a go to of mine for years
it has taken years off my appearance
my skin was a disaster
i recently went to sephora before work
i got this on a whim.
recently my acne has gotten worse
i gained a couple new red ones
i've bought this for myself
just trust me girl
since no money had been invested
this product has worked wonders for me.
i said no and he said my face was glowing.
being a broke college student
mpressed with this i've ditched my old one
i honestly wish i stared using shiseido a long time ago
2 aunts have been using it for years
mas skin is so smooth for a 93 year old woman
i think i'll splurge at my next birthday on this luxurious cream that lives up to its description
i'll be excited when sephora starts selling erborian's cc cream
i've had my bottle for 1 year
went with this option since this is a powdered base
one of sephora's makeup artists used this on me before my makeover
bought another bottle while i had a 10% discount just
this is a miracle worker.
this has been the purchase for me
as a teen, i often felt defeated by acne.
i trusted what the sales girl told me
purchased this product on a whim
before menopause, i had no issues.
when menopause hit about 6 years ago
for me, her products are a blessing.
i tried this recently
i am 38 years old
my husband using this as well as his moisturizer.
as well as chicken pox from when i was a kid -- just missed the vaccine
this has never happened.
i promise i'm nowhere near wealthy
i smelled like a little old lady who doused herself in perfume
i've used this serum ever since it came out years ago
i remembered that my face was glowing
this worked for me.
i received a weeks worth of samples from my friend
was instantly in love
i tried the genefique formula
so i wasn't sold on it.
i am 22 years old
my mother is/always has been a huge lancome fan
obviously i'm on a college girl budget
she had seen me at the height of my horror
i recently purchased the new visionnaire cx
my teen uses this
it truly saved my skin
it was recommended to me while i was shopping
never have i ever had a detox mask this amazing.
the woman helping me at sephora recommended this over the glamglo mask
i found this mask
i heard from a girlfriend about this kakadu mask
where has this been?!
the lady that helped me immediately honed in on what i wanted
she pointed this out
have recently developed cheek wrinkles as well
especially friends i have seen since my skin transformed
my daughter said, "mom, your skin is glowing!"
i recently had an outbreak of melasma
i told them about this miracle in a bottle
i puchased this 2 weeks ago
after one use my skin is firm
i looked more alert
i recently started using this product.
i'd been searching for an eye cream to firm my eye area
told her i'd think about it
then buff it in
i recently began using this with dolce
since i'm in love with it.
i repurchased another run in the spring
re-self-diagnosed myself
while i affectionately call this product the name in my title above
the sephora consultant recommended this product
initially i thought the container was very small
thank you first aid beauty!
when this product was introduced to me i had to try it out
while they all worked
i immediately loved it
was singing about this product
this has changed that
my skin has become
which admittedly was an amateur move on my part
when i first bought this
uneveness in my skin disappeared
one of the amazing ladies at sephora made me a sample of the luna oil after i told her that i'd been seeing some redness
this amazing oil has resurfaced
i've heard those claims before."
i've lived my whole life in the west
since this is an oil
i've never suffered from acne
my skin has been fine
that has plagued me since i turned 30 was completely eliminated
title says it all.
that's becoming more of an issue now i've hit my mid twenties
all of my friends noticed
luna has worked very well for that
i am planning to get this for myself inspired by her results
my skin has become blotchier over time
i just bought my 4th bottle of this.
most people think i am in mid fifties
i started by purchasing the power couple duo.
even my sister complimented me on my skin
i began using this product a year ago upon the recommendation of a good friend of mine who literally researches the daylights out of products before trying them
one good piece of advice i had gotten from the sephora consultant was to work the oil into my skin regimen
5 oz bottle last year
i finally decided to get the power couple package after my friend had been using it for months
i am already religious about spf
boy, was i wrong.
which i was told was normal from one of the employees
my girlfriend was so shocked she actually agreed with me that it was a good idea to buy some
i just bought this yesterday.
the fab has already run out
had pretty much given up until a friend told me about cane
the skin care associate used this
transformed in a matter of days
this oil worked wonders for me.
website because it was on sale
it saved my skin and my self confidence.
like others have noted
i've purchased my next set, (for refilling.)
after i switched back to my old serum
chose the three serums that were recommended
it didn't cause my oiler spots to become oiler
how the customization worked
took their skin identity quiz
received my order and loved using it.
i stopped using mine for a few when i was traveling a lot
recently my focus has changed from makeup to skin care
since i have been on my meds
i happened upon this product in a magazine
i started using this when i first became pregnant
recommend it to all of my friends
i've had compliments from my work colleagues
had mine about 6 mos and still using it.
i am 25 years old
a lady at sephora recommended this to me
nothing has helped me
the bumps have almost all disappeared.
repurchased product, does what it says.
so glad the girl at sephora recommended this!!
2 weeks and i'm loving my results already!
i am a 21 year old boy
purchased first bottle based on reviews of women my age with same skin issues
so this has been liberating
my goal has been to protect
this product has been life changing.
i originally tried the ptr 1
i found this to be the case for me
i wear it while working in the garden
this works wonders on my 34-year old combination skin
i've have tried everything known to man
i canceled my appointment
bomb for the summer!
the representative there for this company
then i realized what i was allergic to was on my face
primer search is officially over!
i am devoted to this product!!
i got this after i booked a beauty consultation
the lady at the store recommended this product to us
this item was sold to me as a makeup primer.
live in the southwest
who am about to be 84
bought this while on vacation in ny.
i would recommend this to a friend.
i am 60+ years young
i already owned the acne body wash
i ordered this by accident
as any skin care girl knows
i believe i've found it
it had worked so well.
picked this up after getting a recommendation from a friend
i've recommended this to all my friends
summer time this is a life saver
this is the third time i have purchased this moisturizer
none have worked as well as fab
i found this one to replace it
this is what has been working as of now
this has earned it's place in my staple product category
this product has saved me this summer
never had it in my teens
she said this doubles as a primer
this product has been a miracle for me.
i've had my 2oz tube for a while
no primers have ever worked for my skin
at the ripe old age of nearly 49
i tried this moisturizer on the recommendation of a sephora employee after my go-to was discontinued
bought this on a whim on my last trip to sephora
where has this been all my life?
i am 37 years old
my friend recommended this to me because we both have combination skin
every single ethnic girl should own this.
as the title says
this product is the one that saved me
i immediately regretted it
a sephora sales associate recommended this to me
i am 35, battled acne for many years.
i wished i would have discovered it a long time ago
loving this after day 4 of using
i told her to try this.
she says it is a miracle.
the rep also tested on my 70-year old mom
although this is the first "eye serum" i have ever bought
it has virtually disappeared.
i work graveyard shift
recently i've been trying new eye creams to brighten
asked if i was wearing makeup
it has disappeared since using this
my old drugstore br
my friend who works at sephora suggested this
no other moisturizer worked
i've recommended this to several friends
pregnant everything has decided to go nuts
i tried the aqua bomb also
finally found this new cream that exceeded my expectations
my coworkers commented how refreshed i looked after taking a vacation
it wasn't the vacation.
returned the lancôme and quickly repurchased
i even have my husband using it.
my 20 something son tried it after shaving
my north east coast normal skin
i received four differentmoisturizers with an online promo
this is what she recommended as her number one cream
bought a new one yesterday :
i realized that the aqua bomb contained alcohol
i just recently started educating myself on skin care
this has changed my life
got this originally as a bonus item when buying a belief moisturizer
i remembered i had this on h
none to date have worked.
my fiancé loves it too after he tried it
i got this in the $20 bestsellers pack
my husband uses it to shave.
i get comments from my sorority sisters all the time now
i'll continue purchasing this one over my old st
my friend introduced me to this stuff during our last visit to sephora
a lady at sephora introduced me to this brand.
she told me it help to remove makeup
i mostly bought this for the ingredients.
boy that thing had so many chemicals that i was repulsed after a week
a friend suggested i use this after i told her i still hadn't found a moisturizer that would satisfy my super combo/oily skin
my skin has never been so well behaved.
solved other problems that i thought i had to deal with
i recently developed a reaction to a retinal product i was trying
this was recommended by the sales associate
i initially bought this for my husb
nothing i owned or tried at sephora was cutting it
the girl at sephora recommended this to me
so the fact that i've purchased three jars *in a row* is a rarity
now i am addicted
i recently switched to this moisturizer
she bought the aqua bomb and no longer peals.
i encountered this trial-size aqua bomb
it lives up to its aqua bomb name.
my daughter who is mid 20's uses it
i needed a new moisturizer after mine was discontinued
was recommended by a sephora employee to try this one
on a recommendation from a sephora employee.
i've aged a bit now that i'm in my mid 30s
i've had it ever since i was 13
she can be found at natick collection
my skin has been missing it
was recommended this when i got a makeover in the sephora store
told them my concerns
this one was recommended
this saved me 10/10 al
it has transitioned from teenage acne to adult acne
ever since i was young
the girl who helped me swore by it
i already purchased it for my mom for mother's day
im already on my 3 buy and it works wonders.
this has become a staple for me.
after the first time i used it my friend commented
i slept around 4am
my aunt told me i must've slept well because my face was glowing
that's my two cents!
belif definitely initially attracted me by the packaging
my 5 year old loves to peel this off from my face
no regrets on this purchase.
forgot to review this product as i've purchased it months ago
chose to go with the aqua bomb
i recently bought this item
tried this product on a whim
as i have been enjoying the use of oils
the aqua bomb is loved by many
this product is a dream.
recommended by skin specialist at sephora
my poor abused 60+ eye area never responded to anything as well as this product
for being 25 years old
the sephora girl recommended this
if you've shopped around for eye creams
i never used to wear sunglasses
i've tried everything and nothing has helped.
then one day while strolling through the mall a nice young lady asked if i wanted to try anything
i saw the advertisement
night religiously since the age of 16
fine lines have vanished
purchased the golden version
i received this as a gift
this product has become a lifesaver for me.
younger than my high school graduation pictures
well a fresh rep at sephora told me this oil helped with it
this product has given me life!
this was my gateway drug.
has helped my skin
even my husband has noticed!
my skin changed when i hit my twenties
nothing worked until this
a friend of mine gave me some samples to try
have loved the results
i am a maskaholic and got this on a whim.
one of the employees also claimed this was an amazing product
my friend that is a sephora employee recommended this product to me
worked in some water
hormones are my nightmare
one of the sephora ladies introduced this to me in store
i finally bought it and i'm in love with it.
this has saved my skin.
boy the two work wonders
this however actually worked miracle.
recently moved to a desert area
found nothing that worked
nothing worked till i got this magic in a bottle
i recently used philosophy face wash on my face
however, this miracle in a bottle saved my face!
nothing has worked until this
i am still young
it exceeded my expectations
this has done the job.
wore it with makeup too and loved it!
boy is this miraculous
i recently purchased my second bottle.
then this as a topper
recently started getting serious about anti aging
recently moved from a dry city to houston
i knew i had to have it
a lovely sephora associate recommended first aid
i initially bought this because i love the ultra repair cream
already bought another tube to keep on hand!
i've bought this twice now.
i reapplied during the day
when i first bought this
nothing has ever worked
thank you first aid beauty, now i've found it!
my face never burned
boy i was wrong
i asked the store associate about it
i work at a restaurant making food so when i get home
i decided to use and loved it.
i reluctantly added this as a 3rd sample since it was either this or perfume
i started out using the glamglow since my cousin recommended it
i immediately bought online after i tried it
that my blackheads nearly disappeared
my husband asked me to buy him one as well.
even got my teenage brother to use it
drank 20 bottles of water every day for a week
found that sephora has a dupe
even went to the dermatologist
this product helped me
recently started getting into skin care
this is the first ever sephora product i have purchased
i only just realized it was because i hadn't restocked on this gem
it has worked wonders for me
it hasn't done it since
just purchased yesterday after it was recommended by the girl at sephora
after one use, i'm obsessed!
i just repurchased this online though
your student loan debt
i've found this has helped with controlling it
i just purchased this mask
i do recommend this to a friend
bought this for myself
it was recommended at the store
like i stated earlier
this mask exceeded my expectations
this worked well for me
im a 19 year old that wears makeup daily!
bought this for something different.
just bought this and i am in love!
remembered i needed a cleanser
this product has gone under the radar.
my heart was broken when it was discontinued.
tried this on a whim
i wore a knit sweater to work
after consulting with the staff at sephora i decided to try this
depended on their "checks
i studied the dropper
it was a splurge based on a recommendation from a friend
it has changed my skin
haven't had an issue since.
i ordered the night cream
i wish i hadn't spent money on both
only bought the cream
which also worked for me
recently started breaking out along my jawline
this oil has changed all of that.
switched over to this one on a whim
i knew i had to have it
this one is a keeper.
as it had been mine
learned about it on the sephora site
i am 43 years old with some fine lines
this product saved my skin
immediately bought this product
my preferred application is in the morning after staying awake all night studying for exams
this is keeper for me!
i honestly bought this on a complete whim.
the girl in sephora was right
i originally bought this because my new favorite moisturizer
i got this as a gift from my friend
the rose stem cell products sold me!
i think this one is mine
it saved my skin
my daughter works at sephora.
she came home with this product as part of her gratis
it was referred by a sephora employee.
i look like i'm 85 years old
the employee who helped me
recommended this for me
a sephora employee introduced me to this repair cream
this cream has been my life saver!
this product has been a lifesaver
i just bought this to go with the moisturizer
my skin has recently started to change
she directed me to this product
i gave this to my sister.
i am still young
firm at the same time
i tried this product based on a recommendation from a friend
even my mom has asked to borrow it a few times!
pours disappeared even after one application
a had been getting a lot of breakouts recently
a sephora employee recommended it to me
i put some of my drunk elephant syrums
knew it was working
i've even recently searched shelves for the "blue st ives mask--remember that?
i even gave some to my teenage cousin to try
a day later the detox part hit me
it works exactly as it is described !!!
asked an associate what she would recommend to someone who has large pores
said her friend who has huge pores swears by this product
a lovely sephora employee recommended this product to me while i was there stocking up on my favourite caudalie products
my skin has been looking
i recently paid a visit to my dermatologist due to my 34 year old problematic skin
this mask was recommend to me by a sephora employee for my mom
my dads tried it
my brother has tried it
so has my sister
50 year olds to teenagers can use this
so this mask has accomplished its mission :
i would recommend this product to a friend
i tried this one because my daughter bought it for me
a friend gave me a rather generous sample that lasted months
this mask has been a lifesaver.
like you just drank like a gallon of water
i told my sister because she also has dry patched
aesthetician recently said she's never seen such clean skin
also for the men in my life
this mask has saved my life!
i ran out to my fiancé
bought this as a replacement for my previous face mask that was discontinued
since then i've grown to love it
since i had just bought this charcoal mask
my sister mentioned her recent usage of the glamglow version
this mask was recommended by my freind
my mom gave this to me as a gift.
ever since i entered my 30's my skin has been so dry
talked with a sales representative about my dry
neck is taken care of
looks younger the next morning
i love rose in general
boom when i arrive
it has been working wonders
also tried every moisturizer i had in my arsenal
it worked very well
i asked the sales rep for a recommendation
my face can look old in the morning.
had originally planned to buy the it cosmetics br
now i am an expert
i repurchased this when i ran out
it was one of the featured products
ordering myself a new jar of erborian
on par with the boscia
i'd heard about oil cleansing through a friend
bought this a month ago and its wonderful.
with that being said
why is has been sold out so many times
i got this a a present from my boyfriend
bought myself this product
i've recently been trying out double cleansing
been enjoying it ever since
the adult version of "no tears"
already bought my 4th bottle!
it has saved my undereye.
we bought this and he loves it.
foundation that i've ever heard of
never having heard of the company
i liked that this was described as "clarifying"
just recently purchased this cream
a sephora staffer recommended this line to me
i remembered liking it
i've repurchased this about three times now
she was dead on!!
i wish it was in a jar
one of her complaints always been
have recommended to family and friends.
i loved it once i learned how to use it!
i ran out recently
rejecting a ton of products from shelved to prescription
the girl was ranting
i recently purchased this product and i love it.
chin have been a pitted mess since i was a teenager
have already recommended to friends/family
introduced me to this beauty
i just bought it for myself as birthday gift.
bought it on a whim.
my stick was firm.
my friend kept telling me
the money i've spent to improve it
has replaced my cream moisturiser
has done a number to my skin
it is my miracle in a bottle!
the fountain of youth has met its match!
the formula has been updated since it came out
i am approaching my fish decade
bought this product to help with a recent change in my skin
i've just recently gotten into these glamglow masks
i miss my porcelain skin from my younger years
it inspired me to use the same skin cleansing regiment as this person
for me this product worked in a matter of days.
i am hooked now
even my boyfriend noticed it
i am 33 years old
aha peels performed by an aesthetician in the past
4 years post-high schooler skin
it's exceeded my expectations
saw a girl on tumblr say that she uses it on her
i just recently purchased this product
as others have claimed
i tried this as a recommendation from one of the associates in store
to my brother who is combination
i've always been a fan of glamglow since i tried youthmud
using this in combination with some other brightening products i've recently purchased has left my skin glowing
bought these for my husb
since i am already on retin-a
my title says it all.
i even had my 30 yr old dgtr try it
she bought it too
this one changed my mind.
i grew up with acne
seems this was the piece that was missing from my skin regimen
i think i've found my new beauty secret.
it also worked like a dream to get off some self tanner that needed to come off
bought these for my boyfriend because he never washes his face
purchased a box for special occasions.
just bought the pack!
roloxin lift is my secret weapon to make my skin look younger
my family asked if i'd had a mini face lift after i used this wonderful product
i saw a visage i hadn't seen for a good ten years
perfect for short-lived social or dating events.
i've gotten all of my friends hooked on it.
i am constantly traveling
i am a 67 year old
this product lives up to its name.
genetics working for me
i would've liked to have inspected it myself in store
worked for all areas of my combination skin
bought it because the sales consultant said she got it for gratis
waited the 10 minutesas stated on the bottle
heard about this mask from a girl i follow on instagram
she was raving about this mask
figured i'd splurge on something with rose clay
this mask is my savior when my skin has been acting up
purchased this on a whim
i got this as a birthday present
recently got this for my friend as well as a gift
this has changed my life.
my best friend blessed me with a large sample she received on black friday while we visited sephora
only bought because csr who matched my foundation recommended it
have never been offended by the light fragrance of any guerlain product
when my old moisturizer became difficult to find
a saleswoman recommended this one
i received assistance from an employee in the store
recently i was out of night cream
my skin just drank it in!
i just bought this
i personally loved the rose mask!
i tried the rose and pearl masks.
the rose sleeping mask worked the best for me
i buy the green one for my niece all the time because it really helps with her acne
i've searched youtube on recommended products
i received the pearl one in a multi skin care pack
a friend of mine recommended these masks
my boyfriend also tried it
i'd buy it in a heartbeat!
i ordered every single one .
i used this mask the night before my birthday this year
after using it i have become addicted
the pearl is my favourite by far
i ordered the avocado
i re-purchased the mask
my coworker raved about it
it worked so well
loved the boscia makeup breakup cleansing oil for years
bought this on a whim because the lady at the store used this to take off my makeup
saw a beauty blogger using this
a had little chat one day with an employee at sephora
it worked miracles for me!
the sales associates offered this
i just bought it today.
i even used it on my daughters skin
she had already gotten me to use a mekup wipe
the sales associate showed me this sephora br
i've repurchased this three or four times
initially pitched to me as a product that works best with another cleansing product
this was recommended to me while i was buying my foundation
this has saved my skins life !
i've tried one from the drugstore
i listened to the advice of the cosmetologist
i immediately bought this for my eyes
i obtained another under eye product
my nanny keeps asking if i've had something done to my eyes because they look tighter
i am currently researching the "s" / mini facelift
have been taken off
even though my body gained 4 lbs over vacation
it is in my dna because my mother has the same cheeks
i've already bought it twice
i am over 54 years of age
ordered it during the vib sale
immediately received compliments on my skin
loved this addition for winter
very generously in the evening before bed
now i buy a jar for her birthday
and this has saved my life and my skin.
it actually worked on my fine lines
i discovered clinique when i was about 15
i couldn't find a moisturizer that worked until i tried this
i ordered this one
since i'm a beer oily person originally
i just recently purchased this product.
i decided to purchase this and now i'm hooked!
she is 48 and now she looks 4 years younger.
makeup since i was a preteen
ma that looks i'm of age to be their parent
collegaen is destroyed that my sister in law one would guess her age over 70 or 80
she is a month older than i
men have more collegaen then women as to support a beard
i've never had crows feet
a male colleague told me my eyes look tighter today
this was my birthday splurge.
first one died after one use
as i've gotten older they've worsened
then it totally died i thought it was not charged
got many compliments from co-workers
i participated in the 8 week trial
this has changed everything
just recently heard that retinol should be a normal part of my routine
this product has been talked about so much
ever since i have tried this oil in my routine i have been complimented on my skin
i originally bought this
this was literally my lifesaver
when she examined my face she commented on how great my skin was
based on her reaction i also bought the anti-aging drops
i wish it would've worked with me
i first bought the radiance loved that so recently purchased the anti-aging
for whatever reason i recently became acne prone
recently reincorporated them back into my routine
tried it out of curiosity
i am a cast member
i just recently purchased this over the vib rouge sale
recommending to all my friends
i found a new nemesis
it works like a dream
my saleswoman recommended this and i love it!
boy was i proved wrong
it was suggested by a sephora employee that was doing my makeup
it has taken me years
my dear friend in hs suffered from acne
just recently bought the big one because i was
an associate recommended this as i had mentioned i had used hope in a jar many years ago
due my old one no longer being made
a saleslady recommended this product to me
i am sold on this product.
a male friend even said i have "porcelain doll skin"
my 40 year old skin is quite fussy
my skin is firm
thanks to a beauty adviser's recommendation i tried this
this is one of the few products i have tried where the description lived up to the claims
i've spent hundreds of dollars on foundations
home were doing to my skin until i researched
have told all of my friends about it
i recently started to get under eye creasing when i wore foundation
after i applied my foundation
he complained every step of the way
i almost ignored this product because of that
this has been a life saver for me
i almost purchased the black moisturizer that boscia has until i saw this sake one
my boyfriend just got a new tattoo
so we bought it.
so the lady at sephora recommended this.
conducted my own research on it
giving out as gifts to my friends
boscia sake balm was recommended by sephora associate while make-over
mine got to my house almost burnt looking
i originally bought this because i have oily
she is in her mid 60's.
have since moved to california
this product worked amazingly
i stopped the regiment and my face has been ugly.
i recently had my makeup done at sephora
the girl prepped my skin with this prior to makeup application
have been in love ever since
i think people have been using incorrectly
i've had allergies for years
i've searched for the perfect daytime eye cream for years
i received it as a gift from a friend
purchased before i ran out
so, i researched eye creams and chose this one.
i've used ole henriksen products years ago
i recently had a bad eczema breakout on my neck
it has worked wonders
my under eyes have been transformed.
firm that under eye area
i recently ordered the lift
as it was on sale
crows feet since my 20's
i received this in a holiday kit.
this worked for me!
many thanks to the sales girl for her patience in going through many product ingrediant lists with me
in the past 20 years i have spent thous
i started getting comments from my boyfriend
asked a sales associate which eye cream she preferred
i accidentally bought the wrong jar.
worked on my dark circles
just bought my 2nd jar
this is a blessing in a jar!
seems to have worked for me.
this is the first eye balm i have ever purchased that works
yes the dark circles are better despite my night owl infant
if i were 5 years younger
my boyfriend enjoyed it
i got rid of everything else i owned
works well for my 45 year old skin.
tried this again recently
on the jar i just bought
it was something he would never have bought himself
it worked to even his skin tone
living in the desert
i gave this to my mom as a gift for mothers day
she is hooked too
just bought my 2nd tub
since i introduced her to it
i am 61 yrs old
this was the only one that worked
initially, i wanted to use it as a night cream.
my skin had been acting up
my family has been using this cream forever.
this is the bomb
it feels like a miracle has occurred.
this was recommended to me by an associate a couple years ago
i've purchased the pink twice now.
this worked so well on my skin.
so my good friend recommended this mask
i've bought this product 3 times
applying it after my banila co
where i had been breaking out recently
my relationship with facial cleansers has always been tumultuous
old dark spots disappearing
it would be a great gift for a younger teen/20's who takes care of skin
these worked a miracle for me
they've also fallen in love with it
returned that and purchased this today.
i recently stopped using it
a friend brought this on a trip
my boyfriend even enjoys using this face wash.
asked by the rep if i had just had a facial
granted i am only 26
i look years younger
have only repurchased maybe 2 products
sephora associate ensured me this won't
i enjoyed this product
as my 40th birthday approached i noticed the beginnings of fine lines
as others have noted
she loved the formula
when they raised the price the woman at sephora recommended this product to me
have younger looking skin
i checked it out in store
i contacted the company directly about the dispenser
so glad i splurged on these!
i wish i'd had had this product in my forties
sephora associate says cut them in half
it was new at the store
bought it cause it looked interesting
got this eye cream for my birthday
it has transformed my under eye
until i found this product
how this line was developed for pregnant women
for years, i saw a dermatologist.
i tried this on a whim
for me it worked miracles
i've bought this part of the trial set
until i found this product
this product was recommended to me.
this has been a life saver
this has been a life saver
as it was recommended by the rep
which gave me my first allergic reaction ever
my fiancee even uses it and loves it!!
had a few recent beauty splurges as i am a mask junkie
just bought this and i love it already.
this cream has saved my skin thanks to a sephora manager who recommended it to me when i asked for a good aha cream
i got a holiday gift card
followed the regimen he suggested for me
the products have transformed my skin
this was recommended to me when i visited sephora to pick up some ole henriksen truth serum
the woman who helped me
told me about this
originally i was only using their polish
this has become part of my night-time routine
praises i found this cream!
browsing the sephora store today
got introduced to this cream by my friend
4 of my other friends also bought this item after trying mine lol
when asked for my "secret"
our niece all use it religiously
she immediately recommended this
this product was recommended by the specialist who prepped my skin
almost baby-like skin
simply i abused my skin
i just bought this
bought it from here
since i've removed my makeup
when i finally bought it
i recently bought the foreo mini 2 set that came with this cleanser
it was nothing i ever experienced before
i've battled with acne for 15 years
it has definitely helped mine
purchased this mask at the recommendation of a sephora associate in store in portl
to a $150 face cream that i was talked into at my local beauty boutique
only complaint is the smell
from the first use i was sold
especially because i am currently at home with a newborn
these products have saved my skin!!
i am 30 years old
this has become my holy grail moisturizer after a close friend recommended it to me
this product is vegetarian
it worked well for me
i hate seeing an older woman with tons of makeup
have fallen in love
my face looks younger.
i wish i had taken before
purchased once i was out
i received this product as a point perk recently
as others have spoken about
bought this because everything in the store had so many added chemicals
i received this in the discovery kit
yes i am admitting that i am getting old :p
this is a product that i got on a whim
the friend i gave it to like it
i recently purchased clarins foundation
even when i was a teenager
my old go-to was shiseido power infusing concentrate which worked just as good as this
praying this never gets discontinued.
got this on the recommendation of a sephora employee
i will be purchasing another bottle as i have run out recently
i recently purchased this oil.
still thought i was doomed to have acne skin in my thirties
picked this soap up on a whim at a shop in vancouver
which i've never experienced before
body ever since i was 10 years old
i discovered herbivore two months ago
keeps my skin looking 10 years younger than my age
this has worked wonders with balancing my skin
this one is a keeper!
moved to using more natural bar soaps recently
i just recently got it
i got this from a friend who it didn't work from
this soap has me hooked.
i don't think i'll be repurchasing since this isn't a miracle worker
it cleared my skin tremendously i'm a teen
i swear this has changed my life.
i've tried everythingggg from the drugstore
bought this 3 months ago
haven't worn foundation since
this product saved me!
this oil saved my skin!
i wish i knew about this 10 years ago!
thought i had to return the favour to other beauties
i found my skin is changing as i am growing older
i found it on the site
my husband also uses it.
it's been horrible ever since i had babies
as an almost 30 year old
boy did this product do justice for my acne
i've tried every pre-boxed regimen offered.
this one is a keeper!
i recently heard of the hype for herbivore products
bought the roller ball from their website
since starting to wean my second kid
after a solid 4 years of being pregnant
i am 45 years old.
my husband also uses it and is loving it.
azulene used to be a spa secret back in the day.
a friend turned me on to this saying it would balance everything out
while i am sleeping
i am 27 years old
my roommate purchased this oil
i've since switched to the phoenix oil
this oil has done wonders!
initially bought this because i was
i closely inspected it
i got this as a gift from my boyfriend
who accidentally bought it instead of the lapis oil
courtesy of a medicine i had to take recently i had to deal with a major freak out
purchased this forever ago
my skin has already transformed.
none has delivered results like this bad boy
my skin survived my commute through 20 degree weather
my coworker even asked what i was using.
i wish this line was sold in store!!!
which isn't sold at sephora
i assumed it was the coconut oil.
i am in my mid-forties
my skin just began to look older
it was sold out
i researched this product line extensively
my friend recommended this product to me
brought this item for the wife
even from my adult kids which surprised me
i swear i look 10 years younger
have loved every herbivore product i have purchased so far
my co workers have too
on a whim i decided to get this mask
my teen daughter has used it for 2 weeks now
i found out about herbivore botanicals through a friend
i've also been using the phoenix oil
it has literally changed my life
if this has been in your cart for a while
being recommended it by a sephora specialist
i did struggle with acne in my teens
it has worked wonders on my skin.
on a whim i decided to try this mask
has not stung or burned since.
this has changed my face
i've never splurged this much on a face mask
my boyfriend used it
i've recommended it to all of my friends
i contacted herbivore reps
what i initially thought was purging turned out to be small pimples
then i tried this on a whim
this is a miracle worker.
this is a miracle worker.
however, my friends and family did.
they have turned me into a loyal costumer of theirs
have been wearing night
i am 23-years-old with no fine lines or wrinkles
the lady suggested i start wearing eye cream
he grew up working on sport fishing boats
i recently moved to a drier climate
the flaking has disappeared after two uses!
i went online to purchase it
i just ordered a jar and told all of my friends.
have never commuted to an eye cream
after only a short time my 18 year old son actually noticed a difference
told me my under eye "baggage" was gone
this eye cream worked wonders for me
a co-worker has been telling me i look "rested"
this is the only one that worked
for what i paid
i loved the idea of their farm-to-face origins
it smells like its a dream that's expired.
i am 28 years old
i wish i had taken a before photo when i started using this product
i found that it has already started to address the stressed look under my eyes
some have complained about the packaging
it's like my skin just drank from the fountain of youth
my skin is firm the whole day
since i haven't had it
this has made me a believer.
i immediately bought it
to my surprise and delight, it has been working!
mine has no smell at all
winter in the north east
give drunk elephant a chance
a lot of people comment that their bottle "turned"
since using this i have gotten compliments from family members
decided to give drunk elephant a try
the smell is my only complaint.
being the obsessed girl about ingredients
researched extensively before h
i stand by every product by drunk elephant!
i am 24 years old
this has been a game changer for me.
maybe that it why my skin rebelled against me
this has become a staple product
the color of my last bottle was darker than the bottle i just purchased
'm guessing i had an older bottle
my 16-year old has been using it to lighten his acne scars
which was for sale at the dermatologist's office
she told me confidentially that she herself uses de
i recently took a trip overseas
skin has been flawless
it is my go-to travel companion
worked well under makeup
mainly caught my eye although i never bought their products
a sales associate recommend it.
now that i've purchased three different drugstore cleansers
i just purchased this
as someone pointed out
if you're old school
sharing it with your boyfriend
i got this product on a whim
s my 13-year-old daughter i have combination skin
when i was a kid
always had combination skin since i was a teenager
my friend said it works
it works like a dream
it began in elementary school for me
this is a miracle worker
bought it on a whim
bought it at another source
i liked when they had it as gift box
i recently tried this
switched to this serum because the woman selling it looked mid-30s
have taken care of myself
after a week of use one of my co-workers
a 60 year old guy at that
also while i'm still young
great update on the old firming
my husband has noticed as have others.
where has this gem been hiding?
firm my skin is
was horrified at how i've aged in just days
actually worked for me
that i finally found a product that works
i look young for my age
have tried just about every eye cream known to man
would purchase if i received a gift card.
i've had dark circles under my eyes since i was a kid
i received this from my playbox.
i wasn't 100% sold on it as an eye creme
probably all from lack of sleep since i'm a grad student
got this as a gift
this one is a keeper for me!
nothing else has worked.
until i spoke with a rep in store who convinced me to try it
the associate gave me two options
like a face of a new born baby!
remembered i was using this.
almost fully disappeared without foundation
the name escapes me
so a friend of mine advice me to try this
except for when i was younger apparently
ordered before the serum so that it would be there when i returned
i ordered the trial size
my bf has also noticed and says i look younger.
remember sephora has a liberal return policy
it has worked wonders on my acne scares
purchased my 2nd bottle
nothing worked for me
this is a miracle in a bottle
works well for old acne dark spots!
i ordered this product
nothing had worked the way this product has
one of the sales girls recommended this
the only thing that has worked for me is chemical peels
had to buy my own because hers is done
this product was recommended
i just knew i had to repurchase this
i've had them all my life
i've just blamed genetics on them
so after discovering the name of this "condition
i did a couple of research
i am 40 years old
ever since i was a young teen
this product was recommended to me after my previous cleanser was discontinued
when the trial size was done
not even the clarisonic brush has worked the wonders this cleanser has worked on my skin
it has changed my life
for some reason it was discontinued
i found this product
even my esthetician commented on how clear my skin was last time i went to see her
like the title says
this has worked wonders on my acne prone skin
i am in my mid thirties
i researched new cleansers for months
have been using the resurgence previously
they told me about this product
even my lilttle sister use is we both love it
this was recommended to me
my boyfriend never washes his face
unsurprisingly, he loved it!
as i'm only 30 years old
i brought this face wash for my son.
this cleanser exceeded my expectations.
after a friend recommended it
now that i shop at sephora
revitalized after every use
now that i'm in my mid thirties
i've repurchased time and time again
it is ophthalmologist tested
worked in my skin
i am no stranger to cleansing oils
after i was introduced to them by a salesperson at ulta
my experience with the origins mmsrelief has been just the opposite
my friend has acne prone skin
bought this product in a department store.
i recently bought the bioderma br
when i received it in the mail
already bought a back up.
i've already recommended this product to my friends
told them my concerns
well i decided to venture out since i've been using that for 2 yrs now
a friend suggested to try this cleanser.
have recently been struggling with adult acne
temple until i found this
this helped me through my adult acne.
this cleanser has been a staple in my regimen for years
i began using it as a teenager.
i never had acne
the one complaint i have about this
all of my acne that i've been battling with for years is gone
i've struggled with acne for years
both me and my husband use it.
i wish that i had come across murad products earlier
i forgot that i had this cleanser
my sister initially purchased it
my sister tried this out
she has combination skin
nothing has ever worked- prescriptions
sales associate told me all i needed was this cleanser
i'd never had acne as a kid
i recently purchased this cleansing balm
i am 25 year old female
i tried everything in the drugstore
this has saved my skin and my life!
my teenagers love it!
my friend bought this for me after i got breakouts
my sister has dry skin
this will be a keeper in my makeup collection!
i forgot my cleanser on a vacation this year
my four year-old threw this in the toilet
use it religiously because this is youth in a bottle
i follow with son and park beauty water.... love!
this balm has been my saving grace
haven't grown tired of the results
this year all i've changed is my cleanser
purchased the product almost a month ago.
my kids are grown
it has transformed my skin.
i received it this way
after one use i was a believer
this has replaced my old cleansers
face makeup had been removed
i tried this on a whim
this one is a keeper!!!
i liken this to the eve lom cleanser.
my sister tried to use this for her bags under her eyes
received this as a gift
i admit i balked at the price
boy was i wrong.
most of them have met with disappointment
this cleanser has now replaced my old favorite
make me look like 5 years old younger
my skin was more firm
i felt that it did firm
box and i've been loving it.
i've had mine for months now
i am retiring it for now
i referred this product to a friend with rosacea after she noticed a difference in my skin
she then refereed a friend!!
have had acne as well
glowing since being pregnant
i've use philosophy for years
as i tried it in the store with the associate
while i am young
i also use it for the silk'n titan.
i just purchased my first nuface device
a friend i had not seen in a while asked me how i manage to look younger
most recently after this
asked jokingly if i had any
