wake up with soft smooth skin
supple one of my favorites
have smooth clear skin again
seems to improve my complexion overall
high quality & aesthetically pleasing.
this is the best thing ever for my rosy cheeks.
has a more even color
my skin looks so perfect
my face has never looked cleaner and more supple.
my skin will lack luster
it actually left my skin with a velvet finish
my complexion more ruddy
my skin texture has noticeably improved
plumped my skin back to normal
it feels like it just magically smoothed everything
my skin actually looks healthier
my skin feels subtle
it doesn't leave a blue hue
soft, firm, even skin tone and texture.
definitely no blue tint
it goes on super smooth
it also makes a wonderful eye cream.
i love the texture, even if it is thick.
my skin is radiant
made my skin glow
plus the color is super cool
i add 2 to 3 drops into my foundation before applying the foundation on my skin for the perfect dewy look
instead i had glowing skin
as soon as i smoothed this on my face it instantly felt more moisturized
it feels so smooth
the way this makes my skin look
my skin has never looked so radiant
gives my face added luminosity
my skin is smooth and supple.
instantly my skin felt rejuvenated
it makes your skin supple
this literally made my skin glow.
leaves my skin amazing
i wake up with dewy luminous, bouncy skin.
after one use it transformed the texture of my skin
it makes the skin feel radiant, soft and supple.
i really like how dewy
it gives my face a heathy dewy glow
my foundation applied beautifully!
my skin is actually glowing.
when i wake up my hair is smooth
makes me look like an oil slick
or it can be used in conjunction with a foundation to achieve a dewy lit-from-within glow
my skin looked healthy no makeup needed thank you tatcha
youthful skin have been restored
my skin feels so smooth
this really helped with the texture
baking the side wearing this product my makeup looked a lot smoother
was about to see the texture bumps more visibly
my skin glows like i never aged
i woke up with my skin so luminous
my skin has not brightened even a little bit
smooth skin every morning
my face has a glowing
i like the metallic finish
it feels like a little facelift at home
your skin actually looks younger
i feel as my skin is more smoother
after a few uses my skin definitely has better texture
i got it because of the fun chrome look
makes my skin feel amazing
i notice my skin looks radiant after using it.
i like that its chrome colored.
it felt tighter and looked fresher.
had been eyeing this glam glow treatment for a while
it's not just the silver/chrome look to it
makes my skin feel super smooth after it's washed off
did make my skin feel smoother
smells so good, leaves your skin smooth and soft.
i feel like my skin is still glowing
left me skin radiant
really brightened it up
it did firm my skin and gave me a healthy glow.
skin looks great afterwards.
it becomes slightly tingly
poreless my skin looks after
when i want my skin to look extra flawless
i also did notice that i had a nice supple
makes my skin nice
this made my skin look so supple
my skin looked just a wee bit smoother.
the mask has this cool sensation
it was a joyful experience
still my makeup looks flawless
my skin felt smooth
i do not feel it helps with texture
i do feel that it makes your skin look plumper
it also leaves you with a nice glow!
cool because pearl chrime look.
besides the chrome color
your skin glows to the high heavens
the next day my cheeks seemed more slimmer
it made my skin glow
nice job glam glow!!!
it really keeps my skin clear and blemish free.
i've noticed my skin looks much better
the texture was not better
my skin is much more smoother
skin returned normal and smooth.
my complectiion is also ruddy
my skin looks smooth
makes my skin look smooth
my eyelid skin looks plump
not in a nice dewy way
even beautiful under my foundation
makes my skin smooth
my skin looks better than ever.
my skin feels like satin after using it
my skin is much smoother and my makeup glides on.
the pro's are the smoothness
it dries very matte, so it perfect under make-up.
my skin is visibly fuller
my skin is a lot smoother
they have improved my skin texture
this product restored glow to my complexion quite quickly
then tinted moisturizer for a smooth soft feeling
leaves the skin plump
it is smooth, plumped up and healthy.
my overall skin tone has improved with less unevenness
my makeup applies much better with the smoother surface of my skin
is lighter on the skin
this gel is very light in texture
i feel like my skin is smoother
my skin was instantly smoother
my skin is noticeably smoother and softer.
it leaves my eyes looking brighter
my skin does feel super smooth
my face is so smooth
feels smooth all over
this bar helps calm
it has a great bouncy texture which melts into the skin upon contact
my skin is aging faster than i'd like
it's a buy for those with uneven texture
had a little "glow" to it
just makes my skin look
my face looks significantly puffy
smoother skin and a firmer look.
i am very happy with the contoured effect it gives
i woke up with a noticeable define contouring
its texture is a bit thick
the softness is amazing
i wake up to super nice even skin tone
very supple skin with a nice dewy glow
my skin is smoother
this serum does seem to subtly tighten the skin
love how glow my skin looks
my skin is a lot smoother and my skin glows!
my face is so smooth and the wrinkles have faded.
your skin looks amazing
my skin looks refreshed after applying
it makes my skin look more radiant
i put it on at night and my face is silky smooth!
the texture is weightless
my eyes look amazing
i definitely noticed brighter under eyes
you can see instant brightening
instantly brighten my under eye
it makes the concealers go on smooth
it has a very light texture
the eye cream itself is nice.
brightens up my eyes
also brightens up around my eyes
doesn't look as flawless
it brightens, depuffs, and so much more.
this eye cream is awesome.
does a fantastic job of brightening
really smoothed the skin
cooling, and feels nice on the skin.
this product brightens my under eyes
it is unbelievably brightening
helps me look refreshed!
help give an under eye brighten
it's a great product to add firmness under eyes.
clinique pep-start eye cream is a winner here
definitely makes skin glow.
it evens out complexion
its brightening and makes my pores smaller.
when it says glow revival it means it!
great coverage and leaves my skin really smooth.
i do love the way it glides on.
it feels silky smooth
it's a heavier feeling cream to the touch
leaves your skin feeling silky
my skin feels rejuvenated and soft.
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
it's cheaper than ageless renewal eye cream tatcha makes
keeps eyes looking alert, bright and healthy.
my makeup wears beautifully- it's so light!
my eyes look firmer, brighter and smoother.
still makes me look bright
the product feels light
it even treats instantly by brightening
this glides on so much smoother
i am constantly complimented for having a beautiful complexion
this did all of that beautifully giving my skin a heathy glow that i love as a bonus
plus my skin is soft and bright.
it makes my makeup look flawless
my skin looks and feels very smooth.
i'd give this cream 5 stars if it blended better with my foundation
with murad my face feels soft and supple.
it is also refreshingly light
my skin looks supple and glowing.
both of these products have restored some of my youthful suppleness
my skin was not looking great - dull and blotchy.
makes my skin feel smooth.
i wake up with bright, healthy looking skin.
my face feels smooth
perfecting night cream really seems to penetrate into my skin leaving it feeling smooth
this cream restores it's usual smoothness
blotchy skin is wonderfully smooth
i love how smooth my skin is
my skin feels so smooth and radiant.
the skin was smoother
you will definitely feel a tingling sensation when first applied
my under eye area is noticeably smoother
really strong burning sensation
the tingle is definitely noticeable.
my eyes look brighter and my skin feels tighter.
my under eyes brighter
my fine lines look softer
makeup looks so much smoother
it also helped to brighten underneath.
it gives an intense tingling sensation
my skin felt smooth
it keeps my sking glowing & looking young.
tone and texture has changed.
my skin is glowing
my skin is bright
my face looks brighter
this makes my skin look like a baby's.
my skin is smooth
my skin truly looks brighter and less blotchy.
my skin feels baby smooth
this product made my skin texture smooth
it definitely made my skin plumper around my cheeks
my skin looks smooth
gives a noticeable instant plumpness
it helps significantly with smoothing
i do notice a difference really in my overall complexion it has helped my skin stay radiant
i do feel like overall it gives me a youthful glow
keeps my skin looking
this mask plumps my skin so that it looks smoother
my face definitely had a more youthful appearance
really reshape the appearance of face contours
alittle background: i'm 42 years old with good complexion
everyone's skin is different
it makes your skin more plump
it gave a nice even tone
make it really smooth
i my complexion is definitely smoother when i use it
my skin all around just looks smoother
good product, refreshing and depuffys my eyes!
brightness/smooth appearance of my skin
really provides a smooth surface to apply makeup
my face is more firm and my skin is glowing.
my face looked more plump
my skin feels plumper almost instantly
i am smoother and plumper in about five minutes.
it really does work to make the skin smoother
everything from the texture
plumps my skin instantly with its lightweight gel like texture
it does give my skin a subtle glow
my skin definitely looks
my face is brighter, tighter and softer.
while this is a thicker night cream it feels super comfortable
makes my skin look young
skin feels dewy after putting it on
it absorbs very well and feels silky smooth.
i found my skin to be even toned
it makes my skin look flawless.
this stuff is the only cream i've found that actually gives me a lasting glow
great cream face is very smooth.
every time i use it my skin instantly feels more supple
her skin looked amazing that day
my skin looks radiant, clean, and feels so soft.
really helped with the texture
glides on like silk
i noticed my skin was brighter and more supple.
the cream has a silky feel as it goes on
and my skin is just tighter, more youthful.
it goes on like satin over your skin
it is like bionic or something it makes my skin look
feel perfect like newborn's skin
i noticed that the texture of my skin looked really dry
love the texture & feel.
it is the lightweight texture
after the 10 days my face looks brighter
most amazing texture when i put it on
the texture is light
it goes on smooth
left my skin plump
my skin literally glows
left my skin glowing and soft.
creamy texture has firmed my lid making my eye makeup look so much better
my face is smooth!
it does brighten the eyes
it looks a lot smoother
helps with my puffy under eyes
my eyes seem brighter
the skin there is now smooth
found my skin looked brighter
face looks even toned
my skin feels softer and looks smooth
it immediately brightened my skin.
my pores look fantastic
i now get a complement on my complexion daily!!
not only in the radiance of my skin
my skin is very glowy
i notice the next morning pror to use my skin has a beautiful glow added to it
i didn't expect this product to make my skin feel smoother
it brightened my skin
made my forehead feel super smooth
it is so silky it almost doesn't feel like skin.
has really evened my complexion
also gives me a glow to my skin.
the mask is the perfect consistency.
but this, make your skin so smooth and silky.
just an over all healthy glow
my skin glows like never before
my skin stays radiant the entire day
looks brighter with no breakouts
my skin is drastically smoother
made my skin glow
the next morning my face looked so radiant
my face looks really glowing the next day.
my face is brighter
my skin does look brighter after application.
brighter more even toned skin
my skin is glowing
my skin looks glowing
leave skin beautifully smooth
afterwards you are left with radiant skin
the glam glow for almost 2 years
it becomes thinner in texture
this mask has a slight tingle sensation which i like
super impressed with this mask
just a slight tingle sensation
my skin is smoother, brighter, and more even.
my skin looks so healthy!
it's completely changed the texture of my skin.
the texture of this product is so smooth
my skin has been smooth
skin is smoother, glowing and soft!
my skin feels smooth, calm, and bright.
brightens up my face whenever i use it
my skin is glowing
my skin is softer and clearer.
also the overall appearance of my complexion
the mildly textured quality of this cleanser is pleasant
plus it leaves my skin smooth
makes me feel refreshed instantly
leaves my skin smooth and fresh.
makes my skin glow
my pores feel clearer
i feel like my skin is smoother
complexion is more consistent
i honestly feel my skin has a bit of a glow
my skin glows after using this.
the texture is gone
definitely has my skin brighter and refreshed.
the skin on my face feels smooth
it does brighten the skin which i love.
smoothed/evened out my complexion
my oily/combo skin is more balanced
my complexion is much brighter
the brightening effect makes me look so much younger
not a brighter skin complexion
it has helped smooth out my skin
smooth when i use this
now my complexion is back and i love it.
my skin has never felt smoother
effective scrub that will give you smoother skin
smooth after using it
my skin looks bright
crazy enough more brighter
this leaves my combination skin balanced
my skin looks better
leaves your skin feeling immaculate
it made my face feel smooth
my skin feels transformed
the texture is softer and feels healthier.
my skin looks so bright
it's smooth texture is easy to use on sensitive skin
this has helped maintain my oiliness
skin feels the cleanest.
my skin is more matte
keeps my face matte all day
my skin looks brighter
my skin feels happier!
the general appearance of my eye area is very toned
smooth also plumped up
notice my skin looks "dewy"
wake up to glowing smooth skin
overall a soft dewey look
overall a fantastic and smooth feeling product.
just an overall glow
my skin looks luminous
said " your skin looks beautiful"
with this underneath my makeup looked flawless
to help smooth out my hair
my skin appears more even toned
keeps my face moisturized all day without making me look greasy or shiny
this cream makes my skin look super refreshed
it just gives me such a healthy glow to my complexion
it makes my skin very smooth
glowy the next day
this makes my skin luminous
it was making my skin shiny
just with a nice glow
it feels so luxurious.
this cream makes me look like i have normal skin!
i love the texture and feel of this.
excellent for dry skin.
it absorbs quickly and my skin feels wonderful.
my skin is soft, plump, glowy, smooth.
calming cream that works perfectly during the summer
the smoothness alone from all of the plumping moisture gives my face a young fresh glow
my skin has a more youthful look
night my skin has completely transformed
my face is smooth and soft.
my complexion looked more even
it hasn't made my skin shiny
this balances my skin so well it brightens
left my face with a dewy
has a subtle glow to it
this cream leaves your skin with a beautiful glow
keeps my skin looking fresh
didn't like the texture
is so much softer without texture
it helps keep my skin so much brighter
it feels like silk
my skintone is definitely more even
makes your face sooooo velvety soft!!!!!!
i own every glam glow
the consistency is light
the formula is a thick smooth velvety texture
smooth, bright, soft, and clear!
the texture of this mask is similar
with all my texture gone on my cheeks
great my skin looked
brightened all our skin
it makes blotchy red skin smooth
it leaves it looking so bright
smoother after i use this
my skin looks and feels flawless
it just makes me glow
my skin looks so bright for days afterward
beautiful my skin was
it really does leave my skin glowing
this mask is perfect!
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed and polished.
it leaves like a matte finish after
she said my complexion looked very even
brighten my skin at the same time
my skin looks plump, dewy, and flake free.
my skin is soft and brighter after every use.
makes my skin glow from within
really brightened my skin
it gives my skin a noticeable glow
it really leaves your skin with an awesome glow
your skin looks young
leaves it looking polished
makes my skin feel smooth
exfoliates perfectly while leaving my skin smooth
it leaves my skin glow
leaves my skin smooth
it's gentle and leaves me so radiant!!!
my face glows after
polished the skin well
leaving it quite smooth
it brightens your skin
gives you serious glow
my skin looks and feels so smooth after i use it.
skin looks brighter after use.
my skin looks bright
it does all in one skin brightening
it keeps your skin supple though.
my skin is smooth
it looks so radiant and smooth.
it makes my face feel smooth and appear bright.
my skin feels so silky and smooth.
it also gives you a wonderful glow.
my skin feels so smooth
it's also glowing brighter than the sunsafe to say i found my holy grail skin product
it makes my skin soft, smooth and fresh.
after using it, my skin looks dewy and glowy.
my skin looks fresh
i absolutely saw glowing
it left my skin noticeably brighter after 1 use.
it looked flawless using the ole power bright treatment that uses this scrub as step 1
it makes my skin glow
after one use i noticed a boost in radiance
the texture is kind of lumpy
this make really brightens
makes your skin look gorgeous
gives your skin such a radiant
it gives my skin that much more brightness than it had before
make my skin look extra glowing
my face is so luminous
in one use skin was brighter
in combination with my origins clay mask my skin looks
my skin is smoother
my makeup looks flawless
my skin looks bright
skin feels so smooth
my skin immediately felt smoother and softer.
my skin felt so smooth and looked great.
my skin glows after use.
skin feels polished and refreshed.
this polishing mask is wonderful.
the perfect polishing mask
it makes your skin look radiant
this product paired with the clarisonic makes my skin feel so refreshed
i noticed a my a natural glow after using this product
leaves skin smooth not tight!
definitley did notice my skin looked a little brighter
tones in one step
illimnating glow on my skin
makes it feel so smooth
goes on smoothly, and is super creamy.
my skin feels so smooth
has worked wonders to clear up blemishes on my skin
i really like the texture of this mask
looked so much cleaner
leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
my skin tone looks more even.
this one was so smooth
looked so beautiful in the packaging
it hasn't cleared up my face like glam glow
gave me a nice glow afterwards
my skin looks and feels amazing!
my skin looks and feels amazing!
the mask texture reminds me of decent quality acrylic paint
glam glow i'm looking at you
it's also fun to see the two colors mix together.
it makes my skin look so healthy!
my face looks radiant
the texture is thick
mask colors alone makes it feel luxurious
this mask does wonders to my skin.
gave me an amazing glow
i really find its helped with the overall complexion of my face
smooth skin after i use it
after one application my complexion was bright
it makes my face very smooth
it makes your skin have a gorgeous glow
also brightens my skin wonderfully
my skin feels perfectly balanced after each use.
bright my skin is
my skin is glowing
this one actually made my skin glow
even so the glow
it was a healthy luminous type of glow that it gave the skin
i love my skin to look glowy
it made my face look instantly radiant
made my skin feel bouncy
looks so naturally beautiful
it gave me a nice glow
natural glow without looking shiny or sparkly
it also blurs the imperfections on my face
my skin just seems brighter
it gives a nice subtle glow with very fine shimmer
gives the skin a subtle glow
gives my skin a nice even glow
i am quite pale with dull skin
it perfects your skin appearance
gives the right glow
this product gives a beautiful
subtle glow to the skin
it gives your skin a dewy glow.
it is softer, smoother and more firm.
changed the texture of my skin a bit
natural glow from within
my skin texture improved as well!
an over all brightness
your skin feels dewy
i love the way it makes my lines smoother
there is a plump suppleness to my skin that i attri
my skin tone is more evened out
my skin appears more fresh and smoother all over.
i find it really helps the texture of my skin
the next day my skin is glowing
it improves skin texture and tone.
you want amazing glowing skin?
my skin is much more radiant
my skin looks amazing
gives a healthy looking glow to the skin
it leaves my skin glowing
i feel like it gives my skin balance.
this serum literally makes my face glow.
face feels great and is brighter.
my skin is so much smoother
my skin tone and clarity have improved.
this really does instantaneously brighten
feels like my face is a smooth canvas
it feels extremely light and refreshing.
my skin seems brighter
it gave me a serious glow
seems to help with some skin clarity
i felt like my nars all day luminous weightless foundation was too drying
it looks much brighter
it's soft, smooth and bright!
my complexion is more even
my skin was positively glowing
my skin looks firmer
i can absolutely confirm my skin is more radiant
my skin is looking nicer each day i wear it
it is much smoother
immediately makes my skin smooth
it gave off a nice glow.
has a nice glow to it that is not shiny
my skin looks less dull
looks plump or more like rejuvenated
my skin tone is evened out
my skin is glowy without an increase of oiliness.
while it does give a subtle refinement of pores
my skin looks a lot brighter
my skin still glows
it has dramatically brightened my skin
left my skin radiant.
it makes me skin feel so soft and vibrant.
two pumps and my skin looks fantastic!
this serum had made my skin smoother
it does make your skin look firmer and glowing.
plump out the skin
this is doing wonders on evening out my skin tone/texture
can already see the smoothness
glow in my skin
it makes your skin feel so smooth
the smoothness after you apply is amazing.
my skin looks so much healthier
has worked wonders to even out my skin tone
smooth my skin texture
really does get you glowing skin
my skin looked dull
my skin looks healthy
makes my skin feel so smooth
make up goes on easier and skin looks radiant.
along with my ole henriksen sheer transformation moisturizer it is improving the texture of my skin
my skin is noticeably smoother
my skin has reacted beautifully
my skin feels smooth
large pores--this product has significantly brightened my overall complexion
toned up the fine lines i'm developing
my skin is smooth
i skin is phenomenally is smoother
my skin is smoother
youthful glow it used to be
they always feel smooth
it makes my lips smooth
it keeps my skin so bright
it gives a good glow
not only it glides smooth
i swear it looks like i'm glowing
it can also be layered on top of highlighter/illuminator to enhance the wet glow look
leaving a natural matte finish
it makes my skin feel soft and radiant.
my skin felt a bit more dewy
glowing skin each morning
the burst of fresh ciaitrucy smells lightens up my mood
rough texture of the skin
leaves my skin smoother
omg the glow after it settled into my skin was beautiful
gave me a great dewy look
i even sometimes put it on my cheekbones as a glowy- highlight
the oiliness surprisingly didn't make my skin breakout
my skin looks amazing
looks amazing on top of any cheek highlighter
replicates it my old glow
glowy in the morning
it leaves a natural glow on my nose
cheekbones which i love
it gives skin a really lovely sheen
it makes you look glowy rather than oily
makes your skin feel like silk
leaves a nice sheen on the skin without looking/feeling thick or oily
my skin seems more radiant after use.
looks so dewy- i use this with the milk blush stick on my cheekbones
my skin looks radiant
makes me look younger!
it gives me a dewy look
i just have a natural, youthful sheen.
i like that it leaves just a hint of sheen so that my skin has a subtle glow
over my makeup as a natural touch of sheen on my cheekbones
perfect for after sun care-very refreshing
it has transformed my skin
just a little dewy all day
this ones smooth and amazing.
it helps reduce my smile lines
with that perfect dewy look
it made my skin look more supple
helped clear my skin
makes my skin look refreshed
makes my eyes look better in the morning
it creates this seamless seal between my makeup
makes my skin matte
i mostly use mine to make my skin texture a bit tacky so my foundation appears more dewy
also has the most wonderful texture
have seen my skin looking very smooth
my makeup looked super flawless
my skin reacts beautifully to it
the texture is smoother
feels silky on my skin
this product feels so smooth & light on my face.
it makes my skin feel so smooth!
it also makes my complexion look great.
leaves skin looking plump
my skin stays matte the whole day
plus, it's very smoothing.
it's also lightweight and evens out my skin tone.
but my skin tone and texture have improved.
it's so great it gives me that glow in my cheeks
just more of a dewy glow now.
it has dramatically improved the texture of my skin
it is glowing soft and i look completely refresh!
i feel my skin is more evenly toned
my skin feels smoother
leaves my skin feeling silky
nice texture and not too oily.
this perfectly balances my skin
my t-zone shines as usual
my skin is brighter
it completely transformed my skin
the lighter the layer, the better.
has a nice light texture
this product does perfect your skin
i love the texture and how my skin feels after
it glides on smoothly not making you feel greasy
my skin looks healthy
works great on my dark complexion
makes my skin feel really smooth
make up forever matte velvet plus
my skin is clearer
it also makes the skin look
this line of products have helped my complexion
smooth it kept my skin
my skin has a touch of extra radiance in the morning
my skin looks vibrant
my skin looks healthier
my skin looked dull
i really like the texture
it adds a plumping boost that makes my face soft
my mask goes on so much smoother
it does make masks go on smoother
night with my foreo luna mini my skin is so smooth
leaves this glow aftermath
definitely improved my skins appearance
my skin looks great
my skin has never been so radiant
my skin texture has improved
makes my skin look radiant
it really leaves my skin smooth
this leaves your skin so smooth!
it looks cleaner and more radiant.
lathers up very nice
my makeup goes on smoother.
my skin is brighter and has appears "calm".
my skin appears healthier and feels amazing.
perfect for my skin.
it has evened my skin tone.
my skin is glowing with using this line
keeps skin clear and fades red marks.
it has a great texture that's easy to cleanse with
it goes on smooth
gentle cleanse leaves the skin feeling silky smooth
the two are united in a perfect harmony that creates soft
i got the clear and smooth skin.
my skin feels great, and is even brighter.
makes my skin perfect
evened out my complexion
the bouncy gel texture is so soft
this has transformed my skin!
make my face look more bright
it goes on light and smooth.
the packaging is so aesthetically pleasing
it shows a slight oiliness
it makes my skin tingle in a subtle
i really like the texture
i like the texture
my face is so soft with a nice natural glow.
very comfortable n smoothly!
my skin right now feels smooth
it's not greasy and is so silky smooth.
a very velvety smooth feel
will leave it silky smooth
my skin is more even toned.
it feels satisfyingly thick going on
my skin looks better since using this
but this works beautifully on my skin!
that beautiful sun kissed, dewy look.
when i mixed it with my moisturizer it makes my face look brighter
with a nice glow that's not oily
i've noticed my skin is bright
makes my face feels smooth
it adds a refreshed shine to my skin
it makes your skin look
makes my skin look
it really helps with my uneven texture
the foundation sits on my skin beautifully now.
my skin definitely looks more flawless
that describes my skin.
my skin feels as smooth as a baby's bottom.
it immediately makes your skin look positively radiant
giving your skin a healthy glow
texture of my skin after just one application
leaves it super smooth
has definitely improved the texture
it actually leaves my skin wonderfully balanced.
unevenness in my skin tone
my skin looked great
its amazing, the glow!
my skin looks more plump too.
and it definitely brightens your complexion!
my skin looks so bright
my skin texture has improved
it has really brightened my
made my skin much more supple
your skin will become bright
the texture is quite light
i also like to mix a few drops with foundation for a really dewy
it's made my skin smoother
my skin just looks more bright
this oil makes my face so dewy
my skin is so bright and clear, it looks great!
i see less texture on my skin in the morning
my skin becomes so supple
definitely gives you brighter skin
my skin looks brighter
it has brightened my skin love using it in the morning
this product has completely changed the texture of my skin
my skin is glowing!
it gave my skin a better look n feel in the am's
it evens my skin tone
my skin was looking drab after sun exposure
my skin is so much brighter
my skin looks so beautiful
in the morning my skin is glowing
my face glows and looks so healthy.
i wake up with amazing glowing skin
i definitely noticed my face brighten
instantly made my skin look brighter & younger.
made my eyelashes and eyebrows grow thicker!
my skin looks great
my skin just looks
i've even gotten compliments that my skin "glows" which is a first
it turned my skin into supple
youthful skin in about a week
it also makes my foundation glide on smoothly with no dry patches
most glowing skin i've ever had
just better looking skin
skin looks brighter and softer.
my face seemed more brighter
my face is smoother and much more brighter.
i mix this in with my cream contour shades from my anastasia cream contour palettes
it helps them blend effortlessly
it soothes, it brightens.
i find that the korres advanced brightening sleeping facial is more potent
textured skin that had been going through an adjustment of sorts
smoother my skin looks
this oil gives you a healthy glow from within look
my skin texture has improved
this oil really brightens my face
makes it dewy without making it oily
i finally achieve that perfect inner glow effect with this
evens out my skin tone
it makes your skin feel dramatically smoother
it looks just beautiful
this works wonderfully at taming my inflamed skin
make up blends perfectly over it
my skin looks like its glowing from within
now that it's absorbed into my skin it's left a light silky feeling
definitely silky enough to make a difference
i love the thick consistency.
it also makes my skin look brighter
the texture is a bit sticky at first
this leaves my skin looking beautiful
her skin was glowing
i love how this makes my skin glow
tarte managed to create another flawless product.
made it feel satiny
leaves me with a glowing complexion without any makeup
sits beautifully under makeup
has really helped clear up my complexion
airy on my skin
you have this fantastic "glow"
makes the skin look
my skin looks glowing after using.
feels soothing on the skin
your face feels like glass it's so smooth
in the morning my skin is glowing
don't like the texture that much
totally changed my skin texture
the elasticity in my skin is amazing
leaves my makeup looking flawless
its really helped my overall skin appearance
my skin is so smooth
works like a charm for fine lines
it lightened the purple tones under my eyes as well
it becomes this white milky texture
since it balances my skin beautifully
feels soothing on the skin
and my face feels incredibly smooth.
my skin looks brighter, clearer, and softer.
leaves my skin smooth
each morning my skin is smooth
what people mean by "plumper looking skin"
my face feels more smooth
this is the silkiest
it glides over the skin effortlessly
my skin feels silky smooth
great at smoothing out rough/dry skin.
my jawline is sharper than ever!
i do like the texture
my skin has a youthful radiance.
my skin feels more radiant
my skin actually became smoother
it feels wonderfully cool on the skin
the fact that my skin just looks more "glowing" or radiant when i use it
is making a difference with my complexion
the texture is smooth
it makes my skin look amazing
it's now more glowy and smoother for sure!
my facial rejuvenation is palpable
the feel of my skin is smooth and supple.
the second quality that i like is how it makes my eyes look less wrinkled
even felt more full/plump
the cream is a little thick which is perfect for nighttime
i did notice my skin seems more vibrant.
it makes my skin smoother
the complexion was so even
leaves a velvety finish perfect for applying makeup that goes on beautiful
my skin texture is much more better
it evens out my skin tone
love that my skin looks instantly fresh
my skin looks brighter
my skin has gotten so much better in terms of radiance
i can say that my skin looks plumper
i've noticed my appear smoother and softer.
my face just looks happier!
it makes my skin look dewey
my skin feels silky smooth
my face actually glows.
which gave me an all around smoother look
my skin is looks and feel healthier.
my skin is improved
it makes my skin look dewy
my skin is plump and radiant!
leaves my skin with a radiant glow
leaves my skin with a radiant glow
the beautiful glow i get from this product is like no other
my makeup foundation looks flawless in full coverage
more of a refreshing cool effect that helps puffiness
my skin is smooth and supple.
my skin also looks somewhat more luminous
am please with the smoothness
have noticed deeper hydration as well as a glowy smooth look to my skin
my dull skin looked more luminous.
people said i'd looked more youthful
the product is smooth
these really brightened up
the smoothness around my eyes
result: my whole face looks brighter
does impart a very subtle "glow from within" look
my makeup glides so smooth
this not only makes my under eye look refreshed
smooth, no lines, and much brighter!
my skin feels and looks much firmer!
my eyes are brighter
my eyes looked brighter & smoother instantly.
moisturizes my under eyes nicely fine lines are less noticeable
also leaves a nice sheen under the eye
slight contour of my cheekbones
it provides a 15 minute relaxing feeling
visibly shows plumpness to the dry spots
dry, wrinkly, and darker then ever.
keep the delicate under eye area supple
i really love the smooth gel texture of this eye cream
this makes a really lovely morning eye cream.
it does have a nice texture.
i love its smooth texture!
my eyes felt so smooth
the texture is very light
for a $36 dollar eye cream its pretty solid.
it feels cool and softens my skin.
it did make my under eye look smoother
it makes my eye area look fresher
just soft pillowy plushness.
has a nice light gel consistency
makes your eyes brighter
makes my face look generally more plump
i always notice more plump skin
my skin does fee plumper
it's bouncy to the touch at first
my skin looks radiant after taking it off too.
bouncy mask is the perfect word!
makes my skin feel smooth, plump, and tight!
my skin looked plump
my skin still looked amazing
my skin look firm, refine, smooth and brighter.
the texture is cool
super tingly like a real facial
my face also looked plumped
more beautiful than ever
my normally dull skin was bright
nothing has refreshed my complexion like this bouncy mask
i loved the bouncy texture of it.
my skin looked very radiant, and fresh.
i actually really like the texture of it
it also helps my skin glow
makes it glow immediately
it really does make skin look brighter
my skin was glowing & refreshed.
plump just like after a facial
for the next 5 to 6 days you will have radiant looking skin
it makes the skin look
it seems to be a nice mask for rejuvenation.
my face was soft and glowing afterwards.
i like how it stays in place thanks to the thicker consistency
firming or evening out skintone
leaves your skin refreshed and glowing.
my complexion just seems so much brighter
the cooling texture makes it a perfect pick me up mask for summer
plus has a nice rubbery feel to it
in my skin tone
gives skin a beautiful glow
this one is a bit lighter
leaves my skin glowing in seconds!
as soon as i put it on the texture of my skin looked finer
it just gets it brighter
helps give a little glow
as my foundation color match is still the same shade as before
everybody's been really complementing my skin lately
it definitely brightened my skin.
this serum really makes skin look flawless
my skin looks even
my skin is a lot more radiant
my skin became smoother
my overall complexion just glowed
gives you that dewy
how even my skin tone looks
supplegives you that healthy glow
does definitely brighten over time
oh so silky smooth
this balm has the perfect texture to it that melts all the makeup off my face
glowing skin at any age
i really feel like this refreshes my skin.
my skin is brighter
overall looks healthier the next morning
this product is so smooth on the face.
i definitely wake up with a nice glow
it is now moist, dewy and smooth
i am enjoying smooth
with the gel consistency
the consistency of the mask
my skin was noticeably brighter
plumper the next day
my skin feels so smooth
i wake up with flawless skin
makes my skin look
my skin is brighter
it feels cooling and refreshing.
my skin feels soft, looks healthy and glowing.
this one feels prettier
definitely adds a noticeable natural glow to my skin
silky the next day
it has a nice creamy consistency that feels very soothing
makes my skin feel amazing
legs is pretty perfect
my skin looks better
it's like velvet smooth
leaves skin smooth and clean.
my skin feels so smooth afterwards
makes my face brighter and pores smaller.
it has a nice golden sheen to it
and it makes my skin look fresh and bright.
perfect for that glowing look on women of colour.
the color is perfect for my fair skin
leaves the skin glowing
it makes me look dewy and youthful.
it is beautiful on very dark skin like i have.
under the cap is a solid cream shimmery highlighter which is nice as well
the glow that it gave my face was nice
gives a pretty glow to skin that's very subtle
also make your skin look amazing
like a "my skin but better" look!
gives such a beautiful glow
i used this before my foundation to give me an illuminated look without having to be dewy
the "lotion" part makes a beautiful peachy-gold cheek highlight
it gives my skin a subtle shimmer that i love
it definitely makes my skin feel smooth
the end result gave me such dewy looking skin!!
the beam team hydrate + glow is an amazing product that give you a natural looking glow
i definitely can see the shimmer/glow better when i mixed it with my foundation
i wear a matte foundation
loved the subtle glow this product added to my foundation
product goes on well and adds natural glow.
cause i love a heavier bronzy glow especially summer time
i loved the luminescence i got alongside the glow that wasn't too glittery or cakey
it also brightened my face
it gives a beautiful healthy glow.
it's the perfect color shade for all skin tones
it gives my skin the perfect summer glow with very light coverage
made my skin glowy
it's perfect to highlight sun-kissed
it left a soft sheer glow
a go-to for natural glow looks.
that added element allows my skin to glow
works perfectly underneath makeup for an "illuminescent" finish or alone for a glowing all natural look
the flip cap highlighter is perfect for strobing to finish off the look
works great as a primer giving that extra glow.
but i love the glow it adds.
it give the perfect amount of glow
i got the bronze shade
you will have a dewy, fresh look.
gives a little extra glow
i enjoyed using this under my foundation for a subtle glow for summer
i love that it left a natural glow without being too shimmery on my skin
glowing on the skin
which i add to my cheeks once i'm done for a finishing glowy touch
it imparts a nice warmth
glow without looking overdone
the sheen is super pretty
has a bit of a rosey gold glow to it
or as an illuminating primer for heavier make-up looks
it has a little bit of shimmer
looked like just a healthy glow
gives a bit more glow
great at making you glow!
it creates a perfect glow underneath your foundation or mixed in
it is great to use under foundation or bb cream for a nice glowy look
it was the perfect dewey natural look.
feels so smooth on your skin
it gives me a subtle glow
perfect colour for my skin tone, would recommend.
gives a really nice "glow from within" look without being overly shimmery
my makeup goes on a lot smoother with it
the bronze tone is also gorgeous with the perfect amount of shimmer
it makes my skin look even
it makes my face glow
absolutely love the glow it gives your skin!
it gives a really gorgeous glow to the skin.
the combination really gives my skin a gorgeous glow
add that touch of glow
i personally like to use this all over the skin as a primer to add a nice glow to my skin
this is my new favorite product for a glowy summer look
it makes my suntanned skin super glowy
since i only like pops of shimmer
get that perfect glow
at first i didnt really care for the shimmer the product had after using it on my cheeks
the beam creme gives me a perfect touch to those highlighted spots
i love the highlighter in the cap that adds a nice pop for more contouring
it's a nice summer contour
it gives me a very subtle glow
just want to add a little glow
i own the glam glow one
it gives me a nice glow
it gives my skin an extra boost of radiance
leaves your skin glowing
i loved the dewy look my skin had after using
though i could've used a lighter less orangey color
it provides a nice glow.
i love beam/ glow product
it works well to give my skin a luminous feel
t adds just a little bit of color
the point of the touch-on shimmer concentrate
it made my skin look a little *too* dewy in that kind of weather
adds a shine to the skin that doesn't look fake at all
is not a flattering color or texture
i gave it a four stars for the beautiful shimmers within the product
it gives a healthy & natural sun kissed glow.
illuminate my skin very nicely it failed to provide a nice glow
the beam team hydrate+glow gives me that amazing glow i have been searching for
it gives it a very nice glowy dewy finish
it really gave a nice glow
the glow portion was really beautiful for highlighting
i personally like to mix it in with my foundation for a glowing look
the glow worked great on top of it
want some boost of glow
it did make my skin look like it was glowing
instead i like to use it as a highlighter on my cheekbones
it gives a beautiful bronze shimmer!
there give a little warmth to the skin
the glow is sheer not an obvious sparkle or glitter all over the face
gives me perfect glowing skin for summer
mixed into matte foundation it will give a satin finish
it has chunky glitters in it
leaves my skin looking dewy
at the same time leaves it with an amazing glow
it left me feeling moisturized and glossy.
it is a nice shade
compliments my skin tone
it’s good for a quick brightening of the face
my skin has a youthful lot from within glow
it'll give you that beautiful sheen to your skin making you look healthy
your skin looks much more bright and healthy.
it adds a touch of glow
worked well mixed into matte foundations to make them more dewy
did give me a very healthy glow
i love the subtle glow that it gives your skin when mixed with foundation
give a perfect glow in my face
it creates a glow to the skin that is perfect for the summer
i also love to apply touch-on shimmer for my cheekbones
it gives a beautiful sun-kissed look to the skin
the glow is radiant
it does not look chunky or cakey at all
i mix it with my foundation to give a little glow
a shimmer cream to apply some extra gleam
the subtle glow that it gives to my face
such a pretty shimmer without being too overwhelming
looks beautiful on cheekbones.
i sometimes add this to my cheekbones for that extra glow
it definitely gives you that dewy gold glow from within
it gives me a great glow without going overboard on the shimmer
this gives me a very subtle glow from within.
my skin looks better, more youthful.
gives a great luminescent look.
i look so glowing
it gives a soft focus effect to the skin
this prism cream reminds me a bit of becca's backlight filter primer
my becomes luminous not glittery or blinding just soft
it leaves a beautiful dewy finish.
it lasts a long time and makes my skin glow.
just the right amount of shimmer
it gives just the perfect amount of radiance.
gently press onto my cheekbones for fabulous color
i love the way that this product makes my skin glow
most highlighters appear like glitter
gives more of a glow to your face in my opinion
the glow is fun on the body
i love the dewy look all day everyday
leaves a perfect golden glow on my skin
it also adds this slight shimmer to my skin
i also like to add a little to my foundation to make my skin glow even more
it makes my skin look amazing
it looks natural and makes my face glow!
it gives my skin a wonderful glow
it isn't shiny, it just makes your skin luminous.
gives a nice and natural glow.
it catches the light beautifully
gives my face a healthy glow without looking overly shiny
it makes a beautiful glow
it gives the cheek a nice shimmer
think this is a pretty good highlighter when used with a very light touch
this one is so close to my skin tone it gives me a glowy finish without being over the top
it truly makes your skin look flawless under makeup
wasn't too shimmery at all, just nice and dewy.
it gives a really nice glow
i am all about the glitter shimmer sparkle
uneven coloration in my complexion
my skin looks radiant
this is my absolute favourite product for a dewy look
it shade adjusts based on your skin tone
gives life to my skin.
it has some subtle tint
the shimmer is on the lighter side of highlighters
this is not visibly sparkly or shimmery
as the subtle glow it imparts is just so
this is he best cream to give that sutle radiant glow i thought my becca was great
many times it was a bit too shiny this cream looks natural
gives you a healthy radiant look
this illuminator does everything it says it does.
it gives a sort of bronzy glow
it does make my skin glow and shimmer.
my skin looks amazing
this product has the perfect glow
makes my skin look so healthy
got so many compliments on how dewy
have always loved anything that shines or glows
this leave my skin glowing
the texture of the cream seemed a little tacky
it visibly looked smoother
it gives me an appearance of my skin almost not having pores
get even toned skin
great results for puffy eyes
has a bit of a luminosity to it
the consistency is very smooth & light.
it makes my skin smooth
it feels very calming
makes your skin look
makes my makeup application that much smoother too leaving me with an all day matte finish
it absorbs perfectly leaving my skin feel smooth
this makes my skin feel and look flawless!
so my foundation just glides on effortlessly
it just feels luxurious.
also makes my skin feel super smooth
it gives me a natural glow even through matte foundations
my skin is glowing
wake up with supple skin
gives it a dewey finish
very nice nice cream 10/10 a make my skin look more n more beautiful every day
it makes my skin super smooth
this makes me skin feel like silk!
it's evened out my skin tone
the cream has a weird texture though.
it made my skin so smooth
smooth my skin felt the next morning
really nice face cream
makes my skin feel plump
give my skin that beautiful glow
feel like supple skin
makes my skin feel so smooth
the next day i get compliments that's my skin is glowing
this product completely transformed my skin
i've found the perfect eye cream
a bumpy texture under my eyes that makes applying concealer tough
created the perfect underrate texture
my skin is smoother
smooth out the skin
the texture is hard to describe it's a smooth
it leaves your under eye area soft and smooth.
it absorbs quickly and feels very soothing.
it helps it go on smoother
made my under eye silky smooth
my under eye area is quite delicate with some texture
perfect for my combo skin
it also give me nice glow for my skin
it gives my base a nice brightening effect on my skin
gives you a glow to the heavens
just adds a glow somehow.
supple through the day
this product makes me skin look supple
ultimately making my complexion look like a freshly-glazed donut
ruddy in the cheeks
it welcomes the light cool gel
the texture is super light
skin feels like a smooth butter texture.
luminous in a way that is hard to explain
it definitely has evened out my skintone significantly
the gel consistency is perfect
radiant after i use the two tougher
my makeup glides on smooth and flawless.
my skin was smoother
gives it a great texture
the finish is not pleasant
it leaves my skin glowing
leaves my skin plumped
i can't even articulate how much this line has improved the texture of my skin
its been doing wonders with evening my skin tone
i wake up with refreshed, smooth skin.
leaves a clear complexion behind
my face feels velvety soft
my skin looks super glowy
i've noticed my skin appears to be more bright
my skin now looks healthier
leaving my normally pretty strangely textured skin feeling much smoother
the original product was perfect for my oily skin
makes my combo skin feel amazing!
her skin looks fantastic
this is slightly more creamy than the blue one
my skin was brighter
it leave my skin smoother and brighter as well.
their hydrating mask is 10x better than glam glow in my opini
my skin is so smooth
this makes my face so smooth
leaves behind a dewy radiance
the product does make my skin glow
my skin does appear brighter after each use
this provide enough brightening
my eye area looks brighter
to keep that area dewy
it definitely does brighten the eye area
my darks circles have significantly lightened.
i am always in search of anything to make my eyes look brighter
uneven skin tone on my face
beautiful while also evening out my skin tone
my skin feels instantly smoothed and brightened.
my skin adores it
about this product- my skin is brighter
i find that this gives me a little boost of glow
in the morning i can notice my skin looks a more vibrant
i feel like this enhances it
it evens out my skin tone
it has improved my skin by brightening it.
my skin is brighter
you're not going to be beaming with radiance
its so refreshing and bright!
skin looks more glowing
i feel that my skin looks ethereal
my normally dull skin is far brighter
i definitely notice it brightening up my skin
which makes it feel creamy smooth as you massage it in
the texture of my skin has improved
this stuff makes my skin look so radiant
leaves my skin looking radiant
my skin is glowy
it completely changed the texture of my skin
the texture of my skin
my skin glowed like never before
it's beautiful over the cheekbones
it definitely makes the skin glow
makes me feel gorgeous now
my skin looks amazing
it makes your skin feel smooth
it gives you a natural healthy glow
rough skin has definitely smoothed out
skintone is nicely even
i also like how the serum has a bit of a gold shimmer to it -- it made my skin a little more glowy
great texture - not sticky at all.
my skin had a more youthful glow
my face definitely had a healthy glow to it
my face overall just looked plumper
my skin is back to glowing
my skin feels more plush
it adds the nicest illumination to your skin.
my complexion is clearer
giving it a fresh glow
this has made my skin smoother
this made my skin more bright
my skin is brighter
my face is glowing
i've seen my skin tone even out i love the glow it gives my skin
my skin has a luminosity that it's never had before
my skin looks plumped
evens out my complexion
love the light weight feel of this product.
the slight luminous finish gives the perfect glow to my skin
looks beautiful under make up
it makes my skin look
my skin is more radiant
the texture is smoother
softens fine lines and gives your face a glow.
my skin is more refined and glowing.
i just look healthier
this product just brightens up my skin
sort of gives glow from within
this serum does help my skin look firmer
the shimmer brightens my face
leaves me with a beautiful glow
it really brightens up your skin immediately
it's always nice to have an anti-aging serum in your routine especially one that brightens
the results i noticed immediately were smoothness in texture
your skin just looks so youthful
it made my skin so luminous
my face is smoother
i get soooooany compliments about my skin looking so radiant
gives the most amazing glow to the skin
my skin feel smoother
makes my foundation look even more flawless
thought i was wearing foundation my skin looked so radiant
there is a sheer shimmer that gives a beautiful glow
my skin actually feels... brighter.
this product has evened out my skin tone quite a bit
i love any product that will brighten my skin up
my skin is brighter, smoother and more even.
it always leaves me with radiant
like i wore too much blush pink
this made me pinker
my makeup goes on much smoother
my face already looks brighter its amazing
this helps my skin stay fresh and youthful.
makes my skin look brighter
my face is noticeably brighter
coupled with a breakout pad my skin stays clear
this product makes my skin look radiant
i also feel my skin looks bright
i've noticed my skin looking bright
skin looks more even and feels healthier!
it leaves my skin soft and bright.
it is really make my skin looks bright
makeup went on smoother.
products that will give me glowing
my skin feels softer and looks brighter.
my skins looks brighter
radiant after using it
it feels so smooth
making my skin look overall healthier
my skin does look brighter
the eyeliner wasn't spectacular
this pep start eye cream makes my dry under eyes look bright
my eyes looked brighter
it looks very smooth
my skin looks plump
it also provides a fresh look to my complexion.
my skin looks and feels much nicer.
the texture is perfect.
it left my skin with that poreless glass smooth look
it did wonders for the texture of my skin
then next morning my skin feels so smooth
my skin was glowing
glowy my skin was
leaves my skin looking amazing
just a beautiful energized finish
it gives my skin a nice moisture boost
overall glow of the skin
has literally brightened the overall look of my skin
my skin looks visibly healthier
makes my skin glow!
good genes really have helped improve my skin tone
my skin does look bright
the texture of my face has improved some
my skin feels bright
my skin looks great
my skin looks more even
it's light and make my skin look plump.
it leaves your skin soft and glowing.
my skin looks brighter
makes your skin look so vibrant
makes my skin visibly brighter
ideal for combo/oily skin
making my skin more radiant
the cooling sensation is amazing
it felt slightly invigorating while simultaneously soothing
you want a cream that brightens
skin texture has improved for sure
so my skin is glowing
vibrant skin is important to me
it makes my skin look brighter
leaves your skin very glowy
almost like a gel consistency
this cream brightened my skin
everyone says i glow now.
it has evened out my skintone
it is much more "dewy" or greasy feeling
my skin started becoming smoother
very nice light day cream.
makes me skin look refreshed
wake up with gorgeous skin
my skin started getting so flawless
easy to apply/smooth out
my skin looks so nice
and my skin is getting a little brighter.
it leaves the smoothest surface for my concealer
goes on smooth and silky.
my skin was redder
my skin is noticeably brighter/clearer because it is diminishing my red splotches
consistency-- it reminds me of aqua b*mb
after using this for 1 week my face looked more radiant
my skin tone looks really even
my skin always looks plumper after this
i saw plumper brighter skin almost immediately.
i find my skin looks radiant
my skin is back to its doll texture
my skins quality is just better with this
it did brighten my skin.
the texture i had on my cheeks has started to diminish
gives your face a dewey look
healthy glow to my skin
excellent for dry to combination skin.
it is noticeably smoothing
my skin glow after it.
it's a lightweight cream that works perfectly on my combination to oily skin
large pores to look much nicer
this product is light and has an amazing texture.
applies well and the texture is very smooth.
it feels super lightweight and goes on so smooth.
i felt a bit brighter
people have been complimenting on my complexion
sustain the youthful softness
the compliments are on my complexion
my skin texture improved dramatically
blends nicely with most of my other facial products
it is so much brighter
my skin also looks smoother
my skin is super clear, soft and radiant.
i feel like my face is smoother
healthy, happy, beautiful results.
my skin glows every time i put this on
it's so smooth and silky on the face.
it also gave me an immediate healthy glow.
kind of looks like a silicone primer
it makes my skin glow
it helps balance skin
gives me a glow from within
has a silk feels to it
the texture is hard to describe
kind of transparent yet thick
absorbs fast and feels refreshing and light.
sits wonderfully underneath my dr
it is silky smooth without being greasy.
it livens up the skin
it has completely transformed my skin
i love the texture it works well on my dry skin
it will look even greasier
makes my makeup look beautiful
makes my skin glowy
it creates a beautiful base
it preps my skin beautifully for foundation
this balances my skin perfectly
looked as if i was glowing
light on the skin
it makes for a dewy complexion
my skin is actually glowing.
my skin glows without looking greasy
my skin became softer and gave me a great glow.
my face feels smoother
it makes my skin feel petal soft.
it also has made my skin look brighter.
smooth on the skin
this has the same sticky texture the cream does
even out skin tone
the texture is awful
healthy my skin looked
the texture is lighter
make-up looks well blended to my skin
my skin feels instantly baby smooth
the skin looks plumper right away.
its formula goes under the skin to make the surface of the skin radiant
under my eyes looks brighter
this product instantly brightens them
my skin looks brighter - somewhat cleaner too.2.
my skin looks extra special
my face is now smoother
how smooth my skin was almost instantly
it also left my skin glowing
it has helped my skin appear smoother
it has given my skin a nice natural glow that even my husb
the oil has rich consistency yet it gives my skin light
nice and light, a little bit flowery.
supple my skin has become
it has given my skin a youthful glow that i get complimented on all the time
it's also great for luminous skin in the summer
i feel like this product definitely leaves your skin glowing
it definitely gives you a glow immediately.
my skin looks great
goes well under the foundation making the skin look flawless
gave me a nice glow without looking like an oil slick
dewy skin that i wouldn't imagine painting over
makes mitt skin look younger
leaves my skin glowing not shiny or oily at all
my skin does seem smoother
waking up to glowing soft skin
dewy look that really rejuvenates yours facial skin
leaves my skin in great glowing condition
made it more luminous
it is glowing, without looking oily.
you look dewy, not greasy.
my face feels smooth
my skin feels and looks glow-y!
the biggest difference is that it gives my face a dewy look with a little shine to it
skin looks radiant immediately
looks a bit more radiant
the "youthful glow" is gone
my face looks younger, glowing!
youthful look any longer
it left my skin very even and silky smooth.
after using this oil my skin felt smoother
the problem with dry skin is more than just a dull complexion
it immediately makes my skin look smooth
it still looks smooth
as well as uneven skin tone
smooth with a vibrant glow
the oil glides on my face smoothly
and i almost feel like it has a glow to it.
my skin appears to be smoother and feels softer.
i noticed a subtle glow
do notice that my skin feels smoother
perfect for dry skin.
the product comes in a nice bright red box.
-- the texture has smoothed
my skin is smoother
smooth my face feels
blends into your skin perfectly a little goes along way
skin feels smooth and soft.
i feel like my skin is just glowing
radiant all day long
my skin is glowing
my skin seems clearer
my skin feels smooth
it was so sleek and sassy.
my skin feels so silky smooth after putting it on
makes it seriously smooth
my skin is becoming more youthful with a healthy glow
it keeps my skin radiant
i really enjoy the gel texture in combination with all of my other products
gives it a nice plump texture for make up application
makes everything thing feel soft and smooth!
leaves it dewy soft
it makes my skin feel so silky smooth
feels like velvet on the skin
creates a beautiful surface for your foundation
makes my skin feel amazing
texture is nice, it's cooling.
evened out my skin tone
this sleeping mask gives my skin life!
after using this product overnight my skin looks absolutely glowing
my skin is absolutely glowing
feels like my skin is much healthier
which has a slightly similar texture
my skin has more volume, shine, clearness.
i feel like it gives me a glow
it feels good and has plumped up my lines!
it makes my 54 year old eyes look perkier
it makes my eyes look brighter
the cooling sensation feels amazing on my irritated skin
it is a lip balm consistency
it glides on nicely as it warms quickly when it touches the skin
-glides on like silk.
wish it would glide on more smoothly
this eye balm dramatically helps
smooth when i apply though it's a little hard to glide
feels lovely on the skin
refreshing my under eyes
makes you feel instantly refreshed
my conclear blends out so smooth
it did wonders for my puffy
my skin feels perfectly quenched
doesn't look dewy or completely matte
i saw my skin look fresher
my skin looked noticeably healthier
my skin look fresher
how effortlessly my foundation glides
it looked brighter and more supple as well.
i feel like it also helps with making my tan prettier
my skin feels so much better, and looks brighter!
this serum made my skin look more lively while i was using it
the combination of the two feels beautiful on my skin
i feel like my skin does look brighter.
my skin looks brighter
it seriously looks more vibrant & brighter.
does seem to make my skin more radiant for sure
his skin looks great
makes my skin glow
my overall skin texture is completely changed.
my skin is smooth
my rough texture has completely disappeared
my pours appear smaller and skin smoother.
my skin appeared brighter
the color is very red
after, my skin glows for days!
this mask makes my face feel so smooth
my skin looks more even
the results of smooth skin is the best part
my skin felt so soft and looked brighter.
it left my skin smooth
(unlike the glam glow masks)
i am really enjoying the texture of the mask
the texture of my skin was so smooth
i saw that my skin was noticeably smoother
it is a bit shocking at first a very reddish-brown hue
leaves your skin refined
after using my skin looks refreshed
it was brighter and smoother.
gives you a subtle glow
it smooths the skin and gives you a little glow.
i especially love the texture.
the luminizing effect makes you look refreshed
i prefer matte finishes since my skin is rather oily
i love the way this shines
overall glow to my skin
i am very fair skin complexion
just a nice light do we healthy glow to my skin
if i do wear it alone i mix it with another lotion to tone down the shimmer to a soft glow
just wanted to blur imperfections
gives me the perfect glow
it gives her a glow
she gets complemented often on her complexion
my skin is medium tan
the glow is wonderful
i love when my skin glows
for me it gives a hardly noticeable glow that fades over time
it gives a beautiful highlight
a fresh look that is youthful
this product with honestly give you a beautiful luminosity through the most matte foundation
just ever-so-slightly sparkly
has a sheer pinky tint that i assume is what adds the brighting
glotion is just a little more sparkly
with a slight mother of peart sheen
glotion has a pinkish tint to it which may accentuate redness
my skin is clearer
at first i get a tingly cooling sensation
all around uneven skin tone
afterward my skin is smooth
my face generally looks refreshed
my skin feels soft and looks dewy after i use it.
complexion is smother/brighter
my face is also radiant
the way my skin looks after
this product leaves the skin smooth
makes eyes look big
i do notice my skin overall looks smoother
overall i quite like it its light it softens my skin
really evens out my skin tone!
texture is great and leaves my skin super smooth.
my skin is brighter
the texture of my skin is better
my skin looks great
this product helps brighten my skin
makes skin super smooth.
happy skin is beautiful!
this product is flawless
i look flawless all day
it glides on my skin feeling really luxurious
makes ;my skin feel really smooth.
this keeps me matte
also excellent layered under a night cream for added moisture
my skin looked so much brighter
got a pretty nice facial
it not only makes my face a bit brighter
i think my overall complexion got brighter.
my skin feels super soft and brightening.
my face gets brighter
instant results with a gentle smoothing effect
my make-up glides on smoothly
the silky texture is awesome!!
it also gave me this glowy effect
her skin is so beautiful
looks shiny for about 10 minutes
it leaves your skin with an almost matte finish
just a tad bit of luminosity coming through
smooth it over skin
it makes my skin look better
i also feel like me skin appears smoother
useful to make your skin more bouncy
makes my skin look absolutely flawless
skin looks all around smoother
also holds my makeup from the tacky thick texture of this
your foundation glides on your skin like
making it super smooth
the women there have beautiful skin
who has flawless skin
my skin was glowing
my skin is so smooth
has reduced my skin texture immensely
feels really smooth on my skin.
makes my skin smooth
including my highlighter glow
it is a bit thick with a tacky consistency
my skin looks younger
keeps my foundation in place all day it's also super smoothing
it gives skin a nice sheen that looks youthful
it gives you a little bit of a sheen
makes my skin firm and bright.
looks smoother under makeup
sit smoothly on the skin
my face has never looked so radiant.
my skin looks glowy
my face feels supple
it leaves a perfect subtle dewy glow.
this gives my skin a beautiful glow
never look flaky with this primer
it keeps my skin so plump
my foundation applies beautifully
it gives my skin a youthful glow
it gives the skin a smooth yet tacky texture good for gripping sun screen
your makeup glides on so smoothly
my makeup looks completely photoshopped it is so smooth
my skin looked so flawless
smooth all day with this product
even out my complexion
my face appears almost flawless.
at first i thought it looked a bit cakey
my skin was flawless.this is a miracle product!
makes my skin look so smooth
luminous i feel like a movie star
it has a fun texture
the texture and feel of this product is amazing.
gives dewy look when i put the make-up on
my skin looks plumper
fine lines for a fabulous finish
love how smooth my skin feels afterwards
skin overall just appears more refreshed
my skin hasn't looked this clear or smooth in a while
this mask has brightened my skin
made it so smooth
also works nicely to brighten the skin
my skin is clearer
instant results for smooth skin
my skin is visibly cleaner
this gave me a wonderful glow immediately.
i see very good overall skin texture improvement
my skin was glowing
my skin is radiant
leaves my skin very smooth
the texture is quite nice
no tint afterwards even though the serum appears brown
my face is instantly brightened and smoothed.
the texture is stiff
my skin is glowing!
my skin just glows
everyone has been complimenting my skin
the texture is very unique
light on the skin
this product left my skin baby smooth
it makes the skin very smooth
helps smooth my skin
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin was noticeably smoother
my skin looked great
my skin was also very radiant
actually brings a nice glow
will smooth out texture
radiant in one treatment
you will literally glow
my skin was so smooth and felt wonderful.
i like the smooth/creamy texture
immediately my skin was brighter
love the tingling sensation it gives
skin is so smooth and bright after using.
leaves you with a radiant glow
my skin looks like porcelain
this gives me an airbrush finished look
works perfect on my skin
my skin will come out looking so smooth
keeps skin looking fresh on the hottest
great way of making a luminous foundation work for oily girls
i noticed the texture is pretty similar to that of a silicone based primer
it also magically makes my skin smooth.
nothing keeps me matte like this does
i mix this with my matte foundation
this gives you a natural matte finish
excellent for the hotter months
i feel like my skin is plumper
skin looks healthy, calm and balanced with this.
my skin was plumper
my skin is visibly brighter
my skin looks more even, smooth, and healthy.
the texture is soft
it makes my skin look
evens out my skin tone
love the light weight texture.
it has helped even my skin tone
it glides on clear
all over brightness without feeling heavy
i just wish it had a little bit of that smoothing silicone in it to blur everything
it takes care of puffy eyes
it brightens, hydrates and feels great.
my eyes looked refreshed
my make-up goes on smoother.
this eye cream if definitely a gem
it is definitely making the skin look plump
loves this eye cream as well
plumps eye area with just a bit of added brightening to make it even better
it brightens the area
my eyes looked luminous
my skin looks amazing
my skin glows on this regimen!
i feel like my complexion has been less red
the texture of this cream is light
my skin looks fantastic.
it makes your skin feel perfect
my eye area at 45 looks smooth
also helps add radiance too.
gives my skin a glow
my skin looks very shiny
plus:-very good moisturizer- smooth the skin- skin looks healthier
this face cream delivers!
make my skin look plump
do nothing to give me the plump smoothness of youth i longed for
i could visually see my skin plump up
porcelain like my skin looks
it has a great texture
thanks to lala my skin glows
has allowed me to maintain supple
the texture is thick
feels velvety on my skin
it's a very nice textured cream
indeed its texture is like a whipped oil.
an overall calmness to my skin
it goes on smooth and tights the skin.
definitely with an airy
whispy cream that glides on smooth
my skin absorbed this wonderfully
i find my skin so be radiant
my texture is better than before
my skin definitely produces less oil.
supple the next day
supple the whole day
now my skin is smooth
it hasn't noticeably changed the appearance or texture of my skin
creates soft supple skin
this keeps me matte for so long
this cream makes my skin bright
it looks like i've had a facial
my skin looks and feels amazing.
the combination literally makes my skin look like dewy-beachy-summer skin
actually feels much lighter when you smooth it on
feels smoother in texture
like the name says, it has a whipped texture.
it makes my skin glow.
my skin just looks plump again.
it keeps my skin glowing all day
the texture is heavy which is underst
it has a nice tint, but not over powering.
my skin looks wretched
woke up to glowing skin that was smooth and soft.
my skin looked smooth
this stuff made my skin look glowy
feel smooth as a baby's bum
don't actually make the skin look healthier
it makes my foundation lie beautifully
my skin tone looks improved
leaves a beautiful radiant glow
between my brows for the perfect pop of highlight
it gives your skin a lovely glow.
a very nice texture and lightness.
it adds the radiance
it does have a luminescent quality to it.
overall my skin looks clearer
even brightened my skin
this makes me look flawless
it makes your skin glow from within
you can build the glow up
it glides on nicely
adds a beautiful glow to the skin
definitely adds a beautiful glow to the face.
it adds a nice glow as a primer on days when i want a natural
it does leave a little bit of a glow
you skin looks dewy and more youthful.
makes my skin look flawless
natural glow that it provides
it leaves my skin glowy
this lightweight moisturizer added a luminescence to my skin that was quite lovely
my skin looked amazingly radiant
my skin looks like just plain flawless skin
it lends a nice shimmery look
it gives off a beautiful subtle glow that looks amazing when the light hits my skin
the glow is a very subtle sheen honestly
it gave me glowy skin
looks gorgeous under foundation or just alone
use when you're in the glowy mood (;
it brightens my face with a touch of natural glow
i mix this with my foundation for a lovely
sephora's cheek tint for a little blush
was flattering considering i have tan olive skin
try the pearl glow colour as well
it gives that perfect dewy glow without looking too wet
also a very natural-looking highlighter
it does make your skin look brighter
it gives my skin a beautiful glow
gives a lovely illuminating glow.
it gives me a natural glow
it adds the perfect subtle glow
healthy glow to the skin without being too intense or sparkly
gives a gorgeous glow without looking like some manner of sparkly vampire stripper
this was a first time product for me using glam glow
beautiful on my skin
it gave a beautiful glow.
this is stunning on my skin!!!!
wasn't on the whole dewy look train
my skin looks great
mixed with foundation on a made-up day brightens things up
it makes my skin feel youthful
helps foundation to appear a bit more dewey
makes your skin look younger
this gives a nice shimmery glow without being sparkly
or leaves me bright orange
it leaves a nude glow on my pink-pale toned skin
it makes my face sparkle like diamonds
the light sheen this gives
gives you a natural glow
this product really does give your face a healthy glow without making you look like a glitter queen
it gives a really lovely glow
it makes my skin very shiny
and gives me a wonderful glow!
makes me glow gorgeously
i still love a subtle glow
i still like a dewy
i love this under a bb cream or light coverage foundation because it gives a subtle glow
the matte version is just as good is you have oily skin
the nude glow makes my face look radiant
the shimmer is very faint
i got the shade nude glow
has some shimmer in it
third i love the glow dewey look
a bit of luminescence without it looking over the top
this makes my skin immaculate!
i got this in the "nude glow" shade in my play!
provides a nice healthy glow when foundation is applied over this
youthful glow that does not go away
dewy with a just enough shimmer to make my skin look
it immediately gives a gorgeous glow to the skin
made me feel like i was radiating
it gives the most beautiful glow.
it gives such a gorgeous
natural looking glow to the skin
definitely evens up my skin tone a bit
the bronze does have a nice tint
it corrected my skin tone
my skin looked healthier when i wore it alone
i noticed the glow under my foundation
gives your skin a lovely glow
i received multiple compliments on how radiant my skin looked
the glow is awesome
it goes on smooth on the skin
perfect if you want to have that natural glow finish
it gives my skin a nice healthy glow to it.
glowy my skin looks when i use this
it seems to help smooth and brighten area.
makes you look younger
it looks fuller, in a good way!
it's helped to brighten my sun spots on my cheeks
hyper pigmentation, uneven texture, dull skin.
i wanted a product that would brighten my skin
also a soft smoothing texture to the surface of my face
the texture of my skin has also become dramatically smoother
my face feels smooth
after a week using this my skin looks healthy
my skin is a lot smoother
my skin feels so smooth
perfect for combination skin!
looks glowy in the morning
the texture of her skin is completely better
it feels super lightweight
my face feels soft and supple.
my skin has never been more clear and radiant.
my face absolutely glows.
my skin is radiant all day- makeup stays put!
the result was just a beautiful healthy glow
leaves a natural lit from within glow so pretty!!
the consistency is light
it helps keep my skin glowing
i wake up with noticeable healthy glowing skin
clears my skin quite nicely.
my skin is absolutely calmer and clearer.
my skin is smooth
my skin looks flawless.
skin clearer and more balanced.
it left my skin smooth
so perfect for combination skin
my skin looks smoother
it leaves my face soft, supple and brighr.
makes my skin so smooth.
definitely smoothed my face!
leaves skin feeling silky smooth
it has helped so much with texture
even dewy finish foundation was flaky
makes your face feel like a rose petal
my face feels so much softer & looks 10x better.
my skin is so much smoother
it makes my skin smooth
even out my texture
it has a very fine grainy texture
fresher skin right away
i feel it keeps my makeup looking fresher for longer
it immediately makes my skin matte once
i don't especially care for the matte finish
my skin is smooth
hated how shiny it made me look with using this product my skin stays matte
it really makes my face matte looking after applying
made my foundation look
the texture reminds me of porefessional by benefit
my foundation still looks fresh
the texture is hard to describe
leaves a smooth surface on my skin
it creates a matte finish
really like the texture of this
this improves the texture of skin by giving it a smooth look
it's does blur your imperfections
i like the thick consistency
it definitely feels like it blurs my forehead
i like the thicker consistency
it gives my skin a very smooth
it blurs my imperfection enough to skip foundation
it's smoother and my tone is more even.
smooths my skin tone out so nicely
made my skin smooth
it made my skin looks smooth and poreless!
makes my skin soft and so much smoother.
my make up looked smooth
the texture is thick
makes my skin silky smooth
blends beautifully to disguise my puffy under eyes
i've noticed my skin looking fresher
this stuff makes my skin so smooth it feels like velvet
the texture of my skin has changed.
my skin looks nice
my skin has been looking more supple
how lovely it makes my skin feel
leaving silky skin that is ready for foundation
it makes my skin so luminous
i love how it glides on my skin
eye cream that leaves skin glowing
it goes on smooth
it makes my skin very smooth
really a wonderful moisturizer for my blotchy red skin
it really helps calm my skin
provide a dewy youthful glow
how silky my skin appears
makes my skin look amazing
this paired with a gel primer gave me that glowing-not shiny- look that i never thought i could have
this made my skin so smooth
my skin had a beautiful finish to it
made my skin smoother
make-up goes on smoother
overall my skin looks smoother
it looks like an egg texture
texture has become more soft
their egg cream line really helps calm my skin
my skin looks really dewy
my skin toner looks more even
it is so silky to apply
it brightens my complexion
my skin looks beautiful
it feels so smooth
keeps my skin looking fresh
it does have a thicker consistency
make your skin look so glory
my skin looks smoother and somehow less oily.
it's a combination of dewy and illuminating.
my skin radiates when i use it.
it gives your skin a natural glow
i wish it was a little bit darker
gives off a nice glow
this light illuminating moisturizer helps my uneven complexion
have slightly tanned skin from the summer
it illuminates my face nicely
it instantly brightens skin
you need an instant glow
this cream leaves skin bright
and it instantly brightens the under eye.
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
this hydrator made my skin stunning!
makes my skin glow without looking oily
my skin literally is matte for all day
i end up looking dewy, instead of greasy.
it has a subtle glow
the texture is extremely light
i find that it imparts a natural glow
keeps my skin consistently fresh
it gave me a glow that doesn't make me look greasy
my foundation glided right over it so smooth
gives skin a nice glow
my skin looks amazing
still have a glow to your skin
it definitely adds a little glow.
it's ideal for oily skin
helps keep the skin matte
makes my makeup look super flawless.
this keeps me matte
s super glowy on my skin
t gives your skin a nice glow because of the gold infused in it
my makeup goes on so much smoother
it also keeps my oily skin matte
it has a very watery texture with gold sparkles in it
the gold sparkles don't really show up on your skin in my opinion
i would suggest the glam glow one
it leaves a very pretty glow
don't expect a matte finish
this is a dewy non-greasy finish
small specks of gold give a nice glow to the skin
makes my skin look and feel great!
it gives you a gorgeous subtle glow from within
which makes your complexion on point
it gives this beautiful glow
my face is glowing
it sits beautifully under makeup
perfects the texture of skin
my makeup looked fabulous
it did not look cakey
my skin looked bright, matte and really natural.
my foundation seems to glide on smoother
my oils feel more balanced
your skin will have a beautiful glow to it
refreshing on the skin
delivers a glow to the skin
this water gel does impart an awesome glow
it makes my skin smooth
it keeps your skin feeling matte
looking glow all day
it makes the skin look fresh
the moisturizer itself has a gel-like consistency that appears to have little flecks of gold in it
it evens our my skins tone i have some dark pigmentation
always walk away with refresh smooth skin after.
makes your skin so smooth
makes makeup application look flawless
it keeps my skin feeling smooth
my skin looks amazing
it leaves my skin smooth
my skins feels smooth immediately after use
my skin feels amazingly smooth
it makes my skin glow
it was so fresh and glowing.
tighter brighter looking skin.
i don't think it helped with oiliness
it's a great exfoliator that leaves my skin feeling smooth
it's helped my complexion a lot
my skin is super smooth
after just a few uses my skin feels completely smooth
it helps smooth the surface of my skin which is usually full of texture
your skin will feel so smooth
it makes my skin so smooth
leaves my skin so smooth
it kept my skin smooth
my skin feels so smooth after
make my skin feel amazing
i've noticed my face looks more radiant
my skin is noticeably smoother after this.
with this product it is smoother
it does have a grainy feel to it
i also like how it makes my skin look vibrant after using it
it made my face feel smooth
my face looked brighter
this goes on with a black/gray tint
my skin feels really smooth
s it becomes more of a light gray
this mask is wonderful for soothing my skin
keeping my complexion even
the metallic color is fun
my skin feels so smooth
whenever my skin looks dull
this gives me instant glow
this is all about getting the texture on your face smooth
it makes my skin feel so smooth.
so smooth and clear afterwards.
the orange holographic appearance of the mask
the end result left my skin with a completely new texture
my skin felt smooth
makes my skin tingle
noticed a healthier looking glow to my skin
luster back into my skin
my skin felt very soft and looked brighter.
my skin is soft and brighter right away!
skin is left nice and smooth and a bit tight.
i did a bouncy mask afterwards
my skin did look more refined after using this mask
gives it a nice glow
it leaves my skin feeling smoother
sits beautifully under makeup
this stuff has brighten my skin
my skin looks more dewy & youthful.
gives my skin a fresh
my skin tone looks even
it is a very nice and calming toner, however.
my skin is more clear and cleaner.
making my complexion more radiant
oily problem skin really clean with a satin-like smooth finish
my skin feels supple
now it's more evenly toned
my skin feels so smooth
clean it zero radiance
my skin has been brighter
gets the skin very smooth
made me 3 shades lighter
my skin feels better and looks healthier already.
my biggest concern is pores and uneven skin tone.
my skin looks brighter and feels fresh!
the foam has an amazing soft texture!!
makes my skin smooth
leaves my skin smooth
it made my skin so smooth
best of all left my oily skin matte
it leaves your face soft and smooth.
the texture is just gorgeous
after using my skin looks plump
i always wake up with such vibrant skin
helped even my skin tone
skin looks and feels better after using.
this mask goes on very smooth
my skin feels smooth
my skin became smoother.
my skin felt smooth and rejuvenated.
i instantly saw results with brighter skin
skin is left glowing
the over all tone brightening
great anti aging serum that help gave me smoother skin
it's made my skin look lovely
skin feels refresh and tight, w/ a nice glow.
it leaves my skin looking smooth
my face looks so much brighter
it does make my skin look brighter
my skin feels supple and it's clean!
it has really improved the oiliness of my combo skin
it helps keeps me matte throughout the way
helps the skin look tighter
it definitely leaves your skin smooth
product goes on smooth and gives a glow.
it also seems to give a lift and a smoothness
it looks as if the surface of my skin has been smoothed out
it is definitely light weight
gives you that k-beauty glow
plump my skin feels
it feels and looks luxurious.
the texture is really nice
it has a great consistency that turns milky when water is added
leaves my skin feeling soft, smooth, and radiant.
the consistency is very oily
it feels very luxurious using
you'll definitely see a difference in skin clarity
this is a much thinner consistency
it gets almost velvety.
my skin was glowing while i used this
it leaves a dewy glow all day long.
my skin feels so smooth
i don't find it does much for uneven complexions
it plumped up my skin and gave me a smooth glow .
it feels super luxurious
pillowy soft on my skin
it makes my face so smooth
feels light on the skin
it makes my skin immediately softer and brighter.
makes my face look fresh and bright
it gives me a healthy glow
almost feels like a gel
it's made my face smoother and clearer.
my skin is a little more glowy
it gives a glow but not greasy looking.
feel my skin looks great
it honestly looks like smooth, glowing skin.
nothing else improves my skin texture like this does
it makes my face smooth and soft.
gives me a nice glow
similar to the way all lancome's foundations lean toward pink tones in order to brighten the skin of parisian women
keeps my face dewy looking
it gives my skin an amazing glow
just a kind of dewy awesome glow
my skin looks great!
has a nice silky feeling
it gives off this incredible glow--like dewy
because it just gives this natural looking glow
gives me a nice glow
it absorbs quickly and gives a nice glow.
it makes me glow!
has a great light weight and nonoily feel.
it does give me a subtle glow
liquidy texture so a little goes a long ways
it makes my primer glide on smoother
it's the 1st product i have used that really changed my skin texture from dry to smooth as glass
my skin is supple
it does have a slightly tacky texture to it
instantly gives me glowing dewey skin my makeup feels so good
i feel like it makes my skin look very smooth
this product makes your skin feel instantly smooth
your skin glows and looks so beautiful after use.
i like how smooth it is will give your skin a nice glow
it leaves my skin very shiny throughout the day.
this first time i used it under my bareminerals matte powder foundation i was extremely happy how flawless it made my face look
has a lovely smooth finish
really does go on matte
the matte effect is real
on me, it stays matte all day.
i like it.. does help with oiliness.
it does keep you matte
it truly stays matte
gives a fresh smooth complexion when worn alone
it stays matte all day long
this gives me a beautiful matte finish on oily skin
i also find it does have a nice matte finish.
my face is shine
it's a slightly thick texture
even in humid clients it keeps everything matte as well
my skin tends to get more shiny
skin feels so smooth after application
the texture is a bit thicker than i expected
this one felt wonderfully matte immediately
keeps the shine away
its great for pale skin as it's got spf 20
leaves skin glowing and refreshed
knowing my skin is being infused with a treatment as well as having a beautiful opalescent glow
totally smooths my complexion over
gives it a natural glow-no glittery mess anywhere
it provides a natural glow to my skin
leaves my skin looking luminous even when worn under make-up
my skin just glows
it gives me a beautiful natural glow
i am in love with the luminous glow that this moisturizer gives
youthful skinned woman- it was me with a soft glowing hue
the pearl-like finish is amazing
this is fantastic it's a pearlescent cream so by itself would look strange
my skin looked healthy, and radiant.
it gives my face a soft glow.
it faded to a luminescent glow that i'm sure made my makeup look better
the milky consistency feels a little strange at first
my skin feels soft and silky.
definitely brightens your skin as well.
my skin looks 10+ years younger
my skin just feels more refined
it keeps the skin supple
said my skin was looking brighter
my skin is smoother
my skin is visibly clearer
have an oily complexion
i wake up with a beautiful glow
so many compliments of how gorgeous my skin was
skin glowing, tight, soft, smooth.
my skin is smooth
i also feel like this oil helps keep my skin matte
it really brings a nice brightness to my skin
feels so smooth after applying
it made it more flawless
am happy to have smoother
the texture on my face is gone
my skin is brighter
glowing i love how it makes my skin feel
my skin is so smooth
my skin in general is smoother
my skin texture is also much smoother.
my skin is smooth
most of my texture had vanished
it is amazing mask i used two days a week feel fresh glowing smooth
this mask really does improve skin vibrancy.
the mask is chunky
the texture is so weird
the consistency is like a chunky gel
my skin looked beautiful after using this
skin looked more radiant and felt amazing.
it does have a different texture
it smooths and brightens brilliantly.
definitely made my skin super smooth
made my face look brighter
reveals a fresh layer of glowing skin
my skin glows after use
this mask makes my face so soft and bright.
it's makes my skin just glow
my skin is glowing
it makes my skin very smooth and glowy.
it doesn't just boost the vibrancy of you skin
it also boosts your mood too
my face feel soft and have glow!
the results are firm and glowing skin.
i love how smooth and clear this makes my face.
this instantly brightened my complexion
this mask offers a really gentle exfolation
works beautifully on all areas of my super-combo skin
makes my skin feel balanced
it looks so radiant
the texture is fine to me.
my skin just glows its amazing
leaves your skin super smooth
made my skin radiant within one use!
brightening--brightening for me
this stuff makes my skin glow
you'll see results in your skins radiance for sure
the consistency is like a gel
i woke up with truly brightened skin
i did not have a dull complexion
my skin looked brighter
smoother the first use
it helped with my texture
my skin looked brighter and felt tighter.
gave a subtle glow the first use
i saw a glow to my skin
my skin looked brighter, and less dull.
my face is always luminous
within one use my skin looked so radiant
throughout the day my skin appeared to look healthy
face looks brighter after one use.
leaves the skin smooth
found my skin looked very vibrant
my makeup look so much smoother
glides on super pretty i love it
very refreshing - easy on the skin
it does brings back some suppleness into my face.
i loved the texture of my skin afterwards it was so supple
my skin immediately felt smoother.
clear i felt like a glowing goddess
makes skin bright and dewy, highly worth it.
it instantly brightened my skin
took off a star because the texture is a little too chunky for me
you will glow after using this!
skin just glows after this mask.
it was so smooth
my lines are visibly plumper
this is perfect for my combo/oily skin.
it made my skin very smooth and rejuvenated.
my skin feels so luxuriously smooth
it looks more radiant than ever
helps make my face look healthy
also balances the overall tone/ texture of skin
however it does make my vision blurry
this has just enough shimmer to give my skin a glow without it looking like glitter
i also think the pink tone
gold shimmer make my skin look incredibly healthy
it actually keeps my face matte longer
s a touch of glow to my skin
where i want extra luminosity
it makes my makeup look effortless and natural.
sinks in with a beautiful
this paired with the illuminating eye crème
it gave me a natural glow
evened out my skin tone giving me a fresh look
this has such a beautiful glow
my skin looks healthy
it certainly gives your skin a gorgeous glow.
the illumination of the cream is also nice.
it seemed to get cakey
now i love it for a naturally dewy weekend day look
improves skin’s appearance while instantly illuminating the look of the eye area
illuminating eye cream that softens the area around the eyes
my skin tone medium
my eyes look awesome sauce now
skin looks bright overall
when you wake up it creates a beautiful soft focus effect for under your eyes
has a bit of shimmer in it
it gives a bright eyed effect
it'll give you a nice highlighted glow as well
texture of the illuminating line that just came out
the pink color of the fluid
it does really brighten my skin
this really does brighten
this mask brightens my skin every time!
instead is meant to brighten
comes out as a beautifully fun iridescent color.
it definitely brightens your face noticeably even after just the first use
on top of that my skin is so smooth
honestly looks kind of cool with the pearlescent sheen
it's definitely a creamier mask than the black mask
it felt so smooth
it leaves it smooth with a slight luminous glow
could see my skin was brighter
it leave you skin with an awesome glow
reminds me of the glam glow purple jar mask that turns silver just cheaper
makes skin luminous and fresh in one use!
this mask is very similar to the glam glow firming mask
texture under my eyes
i feel like my skin looks healthier
my skin looks great.
the texture is really smooth
the look of it is pearlescent
gorgeous on the skin.
gives you a lovely lit from within healthy glow to my skin while leaving it feeling softer
there are extremely small shimmers
almost unnoticeable except for the beautiful glow it leaves
it goes in smooth
i love how cushiony this eye cream is
that slight ethereal radiance brightens up my under eyes so beautifully
my pores also seemed more refined.
leaves the skin smooth clean
it leaves that glowy look
amazing product works super good for calming down redness tones i am super happy with this product
the warming sensation is really relaxing
brightened my complexion without breaking me out
the warming sensation was nice
brightened skin and loved the warming sensation.
the warming sensation was really unique
as was the consistency/color change as you rubbed it in
"more nourished along with an increase in moisture" or "a clearer complexion"
but it does radiate warmth on your skin.
my skin felt smoother after the first try
left my skin glowing i have rosaceo
after i washed it off it wasn't a very smooth complexion
leaves my face looking immediately plumped
it gives you such a healthy glow!
immediately on contact you feel the warmth
my face looks a lot brightened
make your skin glow
this is especially wonderful during the winter when skin begins to dull
this mask is brightening
skin looks brighter and feels refreshed and soft.
my skin is so smooth
the mask had a pleasant warming sensation
silky smooth after using
my skin has never glowed this much!
this makes my skin so smooth
smoothes my skin so beautifully
it makes the spot so much smoother
i can feel the warmth opening my pores
my skin looks refreshed
left my complexion glowing
your skin looks incredible after using this mask.
it made my skin look smoother
the skin looks radiant
my skin looks smooth and even.
my skin is bright
brightness back into your skin
vibrancy was majorly boosted
the mask is luxurious on the skin
my skin feels very smooth
fuzzy feeling wears off
the mask just feels calming
my skin feels so smooth
in the morning it made my face look airbrushed.
face felt soft and smoother the next day.
it not only gave me a more radiant complexion
this really brightened my skin
plump for a smooth makeup application the next day
really makes my skin luminous
if glam glow was a little harsh for you
balanced my combination skin to normal
it makes my face smooth and gives it a nice glow.
my skin is always so much brighter in the morning
it warms up and feel lovely.
i really like it for smoothing
not sure if it brightens my skin
my skin looks amazing afterwards.
it makes my skin glow more
makes my skin look smoother
makes my skin feel amazing.
my skin was left feels so smooth looking so youthful
i noticed that my skin was smoother
skin is starting to glow
to dry a pimple i think something of thicker consistency is better
not too much shimmer
gives my fair skin a great glow
goes on smooth and even.
i love the shimmer my skin has after applying product
the most beautiful glow you'll ever have
it gives my skin a beautiful dewy glow all day
cupid's bow does a beautiful job of giving you a well-rested luminous glow
this illuminating glow cream is marvelously perfect
i found a sheer mineral powder to create a glowing flawless finish
this cream gave me a nice shimmer mid day when my face felt so blah
all-over glow without adding color like a tinted product would
gave me a gorgeous glow!
it's the perfect "i glow
does a fantastic job at getting in between my eyelashes
i've notice my skin is smoother doesn't get irritated
leaves my skin smooth
it made my face look naturally radiant
your skin is left silky smooth
it plumps my skin so beautifully
makes my skin look so youthful
my skin feels totally smooth.
my skin definitely looks plumper
its a really nice emulsion i liked the texture of it
my face is glowing and soft!
my skin is smooth and plump feeling.
supple my skin feels
didn't interact weirdly with the gel
my skin feels smooth and supple.
penetrates all the goodness to my face looking glowing
can get textured in the winter time
my skin looks so plump
it really brightens my skin
my skin instantly became plumper
this gives my skin life
now my skin is visibly smoother
makes skin look refreshed
it gives a good plump
kind of a fresh healthy skin look
i noticed my skin texture
it really does make your skin look glowy
my skin just glows with this.
your skin will just have a beautiful glow all day with this
my skin looked clear
radiant while i used this
it makes my face so smooth
i just can't get over my smooth, plump skin.
the skin even looks smoother as well
the texture of my skin has significantly smoothed out
i literally feel my skin's plumped
night i received a compliments at work that my skin a lot brighter
i love this product because it provides lasting moisture that creates a subtle glow
it makes my face smooth
my skin has plumped up
my skin is plumped instantly
my skin looks so much brighter
texture are so even
it is a perfect edition to my brightening system
i feel like my skin looks brighter overall
my skin is glowing
it feels so blissful
this is an amazing product that calms skin
the way my skin looks in the morning is radiant
makes your skin soft and glowing the next day.
skin instantly looks brighter
my skin felt totally smooth and radiant.
after using it my skin looks smooth
my face looks brighter and tighten instantly.
this gave my skin a very youthful glow
this mask is a great thicker consistency
your skin looks amazing after.
my skin is brighter
it makes my skin feel so smooth
and my skin feels so nice and smooth afterward.
my 38 year old skin looks healthier
the next day my face looked smoother.
this product left my skin feeling flawless.
my skin looked radiant
my skin is glowing
the mask itself is very smooth
most radiant skin afterwards
makes my skin just glow for days after using it
your skin feels like silk after
my skin is clearer
my skin is positively glowing
my skin glows after.
it is higher in quality than glam glow masks
my skin in quenched and feels firmer.
i feel like my skin also had a nice glow.
it leaves your face super matte
your skins feels and looks fantastic after.
the mask complemented her already nearly-perfect skin
he had this great glow to his skin
this mask immediately made my skin feel smoother
it was so smooth
even brightened the skin a bit
this is one serum that has changed my skin texture
pat that right into your recharged skin for a smooth glow
my skin looks so refreshed and bright!
gave my skin a smoothing effect
it really makes your skin glow
noticeably smoother looking skin
my skin is smoother
makes my skin feel very smooth
my skin color is more even
almost has a glow to it
my skin was smoother
i never was able to wear glowy foundations or put highlight on my cheekbones
the texture of my nose was especially noticeable like uneven dark braille
my skin is smoother
the tone looks more even
my skin is so smooth and glowing!
my skin feels smoother already
my skin is so even-toned
i liked that i feel soft, cleansed and plumped.
i noticed my skin got brighter after a couple washes
skin is softer, brighter, more even.
refreshed without any oiliness
calming for my skin
my skin always looks it's freshest
my cheeks felt smooth
thus, i feel like my skin looks dull and drained.
i can tell my skin is starting to look brighter
my skin has never looked brighter.
my skin looks beautiful
dry skin in this works wonders
brightened my skin looked after using this cleanser
making my skin look even clearer
keeps my skin smooth
keeps my face matte all day long
even said i looked glowing
makes my whole complexion feel balanced
awesome looking skin results
it seems perfect for this weather because my skin is now noticeably smoother
doesn't make it look cakey
my skin looked so luminous
made my skin so supple
my skin seemed duller
leaves my skin glowy
my skin is looking remarkably better
texture that i like very much
it is perfect for my skin
it has such a great texture
leaves the skin feeling super smooth
it's so soft and smooth.
i definitely notice my skin looks more plump
keeps my skin balanced.
i just look healthy with an even skin tone
my skin is glowing.
the texture is whipped
that smoothed out my texture
improved my skin texture
the texture of my skin is a lot better
i felt my skin is smoother
my skin is smooth
my skin has become more vibrant
my skin looks smoother
my skin just looked fresher
my skin is getting much smoother
the rest of my skin appears brighter
just makes my complexion look smooth
makes my skin brighter
s for the brightening effects
it leaves my skin tauter
with a really healthy glow
doesn't look cakey or thick
this summer it matches my skin tone perfectly
it makes my complexion look so even
this product makes me look flawlessly airbrushed
it evens out my skin tone
i am light skinned
i am super pale
this truly adapts to skin
i wish there was a lighter color
my face feel super smooth
my skin feels lovely
it does not appear textured at all
just looks like my skin
the color matches so nice
the color was much too dark
since it usually looks cakey on me
it left my face matte
although the color is a tad bit dark for my skin
- covers the red with a beautiful
it covers beautifully without being cakey
it seemed way too cakey
am not sure how this cream works on different skin tones
my skin looks flawless
blended really nice with my skin
my face looks flawless.
red skin finally looks flawless all day with minimal effort
it's a perfect color regardless of whether my skin is more tan or more fair
it looks completely natural
it's a perfect base for contouring
more of a primer that really blends the skin tone to make your foundation cover more
it blends nicely into my fair neutral toned skin that suffers from both general redness
paired with my medium coverage foundation though it's almost flawless
feels silky on the skin
this makeup looks the best for my pale skin tone
it's a great match because my skin looks flawless
it's also way too warm toned
this lays surprisingly lightweight
which makes my skin perfect
the finish is beautiful
natural on my normal/combo skin
my "winter" skin shade is pale
flattering for older skin
light-medium/blonde with roseacea
it blends perfectly into my skin
it definitely is perfect for the imperfections of aging
there's only one color
i mix a tiny bit with my foundation to get a better color for me
the shade is perfect on my light olive skin tone
it gives my skin a lovely porcelain look.
it goes on so smooth and blends easily.
matches my skin perfectly
i am very pale
when worn with foundation the look is flawless
like the coverage and texture
i got the light shade version
it's smoother than butter!
the natural beige blends seamlessly with my skin tone
it dries to a beautiful almost matte finish
seems to blend in with my skin
as its great tone mine down to a "natural blush" appearance
the color doesn't go well with my complexion
it is does not go with my complexion color
it's perfect for my skin tone
color corrector out there with mediocre results at best
bye bye redness is beige in color
my skin looks perfect.
her skin looked perfect like a model.
my entire cheeks are a bright red color.
this shade does work perfect on me
it does make them flesh tone
it's definitely made for light/medium skin tones
my skin looks amazing
my skin has looked more radiant for sure.
also my complexion looks so soft
my eye lashes look amazeballs
it's silky, smooth formula helps melt all away.
my caudalie gentle cleaner in the morning
my makeup looks nice
my skin is almost flawless
this also leaves it very smooth
this makes your skin look poreless!
it glides on like silk
the texture is perfect
it makes my face looks even more flawless
it makes my skin feel so smooth.
i immediately liked the texture
leaves you skin looking silky smooth
it keeps me matte
glides over really smoothly on the face
reminds of the hourglass primer but better!
my skin looks smooth as well.
it blurs and helps smooth out texture on my skin.
it's so silky smooth
better color correcting cream
a little bit thicker in a good way
everyone's skin is different
brightens my under eye
actually lightens my circles.
the eye area is definitely brighter
what amazed me is how much smoother this made my eyelids
the area is smoother
my undereye became smooth
i do look strange without my darker undereye
all with a cooling sensation that i find really pleasant
creamy so a little goes a long way
i think my eyes look smoother
wayyyy better than bobbi brown's eye cream!
i really love the texture of this eye cream.
makes the under eye area very smooth and firm.
uneven texture under my eye
no tingling or taut feeling
it seems to smooth out skin under the eye.
seems to make it a bit puffy
it makes my eyes look bright & not puffy.
slightly brightens under eye area
my under eye area looked smoother
it does brighten the entire area
makes the skin look healthier
my skin looks brighter since i've used the eye cream
at my age i'm happy if it brightens
it makes my skin truly transform i feel comfortable not wearing makeup my skin has improved immensely
confidence in a cream is meant for more mature skin
supple as the more expensive
it glides smoothly on the skin
suddenly it was dewy
tingly sensation on my face
rejuvenated my skin looked
fresh look to my complexion
i feel like this has made my complexion more youthful looking then all the retinol products i've used in the past year
it's made my skin super smooth and clear.
it seems to calm it.
leaves my skin smooth
my skin feels so smooth
makes it lovely soft
this cream gives you a dewy glow
i've noticed since using this cream that my skin is super supple
definitely makes my skin smooth.
the texture is very smooth and thick.
my skin looks lovely
my blemishes look softer
my skin looks and feels smooth, not oily at all.
gives me a nice smooth finish
feels nicely moisturized plus has a radiant glow
also has made my skin looking smoother
have a beautiful glow to my skin
keeps my skin feel dewy and elastic all day.
my skin is smoother
leaves my skin really smooth
i really like the texture
how my skin looks
my face looks clearer
i love the thick consistency of it
it looks thick at first
it is much smoother, softer and more luminous!
supple, firm, smooth, porelesss, healthy face.
my skin is brighter
my skin is smoother
i feel that it does smooth out my wrinkle around my eyes
it definitely makes your skin glow
my skin is brighter and the texture is so even.
my skin is glowing- using both am
it has changed the texture of my skin
my skin is much calmer
my skin is left bright and glowing.
my skin just looks healthy
my complexion is also a lot brighter as well.
evens out skin tones
super calming for your mind
it could use a nicer prettier packaging
red blotches/uneven skin tone
no more pink tone
overall my skin has way better tone
this cream helped to calm my skin
my skin is almost flawless
this cream feels perfect
especially when paired with the tiger grass color corrector
it's a thicker cream-colored cream that reminds me of the texture
this helps my skin stay nice a smooth
dewy skin than dry
the texture is great for dryness
greasy texture at first
my skin also looked plumped
quick absorbing yet very soothing
my skin looks like i'm wearing light foundation.
this is a very nice quality cream that i find evens out my pale skin enough
leaves skin looking very dewy
this cream has evened out my skintone nicely
my skin tone looks super even
texture lighter than expected
it definitely made her young skin look fresh
leaves my skin looking smooth
concealer under my eyes if i wanted a full coverage look- it makes a wonderful smooth base for foundation
the color correcting effects gets my face primed for foundation
the only downside is that it only works on lighter skin tones
the color is very noticeable
the shade is best suited for light to medium skintones i think
freckled skin with rosy undertones
even out my skintone
i love this product for 3 reasons: its color-masking abilities of my reddened skin
this gave my skin a healthy glow
the color of the product turned from green to my skin color within seconds
dark for my very fair colored skin
foundations to obtain the optimal color to match my fair skin with blotchy red tones
your skin is glowing after applying it
it turns from a green color to beige
blends right in with your skin
your skintone is more even
the consistency is pretty thick
my skin tone is uneven
it also feels lovely on the skin
due to the green color
this one goes from light green to beige which helps blend in with my skin
just for an extra glow
i make my oily skin look flawless
my complete uneven skin tone
i am not using it for the summer as i need a pinkish "glow"
i don't mind the texture
look noticeable on your skin
it has a lighter cast to it because of the spf
'd recommend layering with blush
good for a natural dewy look
this product was great for balancing my skintone.
my skin was beautiful
it works really well to smooth out my complexion
it definitely helps with my red complexion
it can help even out light-medium skin tones
the treatment has a grittier texture than most creams
i am light to medium skin tone with red undertones
turns into the perfect shade to give me an even skin tone without looking or feeling cakey
this really evens out my skin tone.
i am very pale
i feel confident and vibrant.
it looks like i have a natural glow.
behold it really is color changing
it says it color corrects
this product does help balance the skin tone.
make my skin so dewy
it almost looks like a have a thin layer of foundation on- so smooth
as a color corrector, amazing!!
this goes on much smoother
my complexion is perfect
this stuff is fantastic at hiding the redness without being cakey
it slightly evens out skin tone
it makes me look so natural and glowy.
reddish under tone skin
leaves my skin with a matte finish.
it helps even my skin tone
changes to a neutral skin color
my skin looked that flawless afterwards
it makes skin fell smooth
this boscia one doesn't blur my vision
leaves your skin smooth
the skin is very smooth
leaves the skin smooth like a baby's
i take excellent care of my skin.
it makes my skin look better
i liked the texture of the product
my skin feels dewy
instead your skin feels smooth
it feels like a facial
has helped improve the texture
clearness of my skin as well
my skin looked plumped
it looks white for a moment
my skin is glowing
the texture is incredible
the texture of this cream really does have a unique feel
i find my skin much smoother
it glides on smoothly
this keeps my cheeks nice
my skin looks fresh
it seemed to help my skin look more refreshed
keeps my skin feeling nice smooth and motorized.
my face looks much less dull
i like that it has a slight tint to it.
)but my skin instantly looks great.
the skin looks great
i woke up with beautiful, soft supple skin.
it left my skin smooth
my skin feels fabulous!!
my skin is bright
can always use a nice cream plumper without the high price
its silky texture on your face
it makes my skin smoother
the texture of this cream is also a win: it is more elegant then even the most high end br
it's super light and silky.
love the lightweight texture
it makes my makeup look flawless
leaves a soft focus finish
and it gives a subtle dewy effect.
it gives me a nice glow
the texture of my skin has improved
leaves my skin looking naturally fabulous
give a subtle glow when worn under foundation
it's a pleasant tingly sensation.
instantly my face looks more youthful
the consistency is lovely
it made my skin look amazing
my skin looks and feels amazing!
then adds a dewy luminous glow to my skin
very pleased with how dewy
silky my face felt
airy at the same time
my skin feels amazing and smooth and energized.
my make-up goes on smoother
it has left my skin looking flawless
it is the perfect texture and not too greasy.
let me state that this is a natural dewy look rather than a oily dewy look that others promote
radiant skin that brighten my face
my skin looks that good.
swear my skin looks smoother with
giving me a more smooth
supple canvas to work with when the sun is up
smoother in the morning
i wake up with glowing, refreshed and smooth.
i feel plumped and luxuriously taken care of.
still want something that improves my skin tone
my skin felt smoother
the texture starts off a little gritty
it has improved the overall evenness of my skin tone
it has a great texture
smoothes the appearance of fine lines
very fine shimmer to the gel
giving you a brighter look
the product feels very luxurious under the eye
really refreshes the eye
i find that helps my gel liners go on smoother
my makeup goes on smoother
my skin looks brighter.
my skin feels baby smooth the morning after
my skin is smooth and firm.
my complexion looks more even
my complexion looks a lot more even
my skin looks so much lighter
it gives you this look of supple
my skin is so silky smooth
my skin tone is evening out so nicely
it leaves your skin with a radiant glow
my texture is going away
and my skin is clearer.
gives your skin that nice " white" amazing glow
it glides really well on the skin
all together it makes my combination skin with uneven texture looks radiant
not too oily, nice dewy look.
my skin always looks plump
your skin feels improves after each use
it gets a nice milky consistency
used it at night my complexion was brighter skin felt softer
my skin has transformed
it's amazing for dark puffy eyes
it helps really smooth my skin
my skin is glowing immediately.
goes on super smooth
it's a nice thick texture that spreads easily
the texture feels a lot similar to smoothing on a primer
is pretty thick in texture
although it was a tad dewy for me
this has truly brightened my complexion minimized blackheads
the texture of my skin has definitely improved
overall texture of my skin
my face feels smooth
my skin feels smooth
makes my skin feel amazing
my face does look brighter afterwards
i need help with uneven texture
i remind you it does have a brightening technique
smooth my skin looks
on top of cream contour if it's hard to blend out
looks beautiful under makeup
i like the texture and how smooth it is!
it's really great for refreshing my curls in the morning
my skin is so much smoother.
i definitely feel my skin is smoother
my face was glowing
smooth without any oiliness
its almost like a whipped texture
its easy to smooth out
my skin looks great
face gave my skin a gorgeous glow
i notice my face looks more vibrant and smooth.
and makes my makeup look flawless.
i think my skin looks clearer/smoother overall
add some tint to it for day
it instantly brightens it up
this stuff is so comforting on the skin it makes my skin glow
nothing compares to this in the way it moisturises my skin
gives me a beautiful glow!!!
my skin also feels a lot smoother!
it keeps your face perfectly balanced
my skin looks better and is less congested.
my glow is back
skin is looking bright
together leave my skin smooth
i think my skin looks brighter
my skin actually looks radiant!
my skin is glowing
this gives a really nice glow to my skin
my skin looked dull because of the sun.
skin felt so smooth and refreshed after using.
my skin felt smoother
left me with a healthy glow
makes it look nice on the countertop
my face feels so much smoother
i breakouts are starting to disappear in my skin looks brighter
it has left my skin smooth
my face feels more supple and bright.
it really helped to brighten
also gives skin a beautiful glow when used consistently
this product is fantastic for oily skin.
together leave my skin smooth
my skin felt smooth
minimized the appearance of the texture
makes my skin feel smooth
its definitely helped with "winter skin" peeling amd such
it feels so luxurious
it keeps my skin glowy
makes your skin feel very smooth
i plan on bringing this set with me because it makes my skin look radiant
but omg this has made my skin radiant !!
it makes my skin look
the extra oils give me an added radiance
my skin looks smoother and feels refreshed!
it has a thick consistency
my skin is smoother
and best of all i see a glow !!
already my skin is smoother
softer with a natural glow
my skin is glowing
supple after using this product
it's made my skin feel so much smoother
instead it had an amazing glow
my skin looks dewy, can't explain.
it is like a hard plastic with a beautiful erno design
it helped even smooth some texture
and makes my skin glow!
my skin is a velvet dream
my face felt much smoother and refreshed.
my skin feels softer and clearer.
leaves you that smooth
the best part is my skin is smooth
it literally makes my skin glow
my skin is glowing
in the morning my skin looked nice and calm.
creamy mask that gives the face a fantastic glow with subtle hydration
with a modern geometric print that is made of sturdy hard plastic
this product makes me face so smooth
like it didn’t glide very well
this product made my skin so smooth!
it really gives my skin that healthy glow
it works wonderfully on my skin
my skin seems brighter and firmer as well.
it even made my skin look a little lighter .
irritation becuase my complexion looks nicer
also a more evening of skin tone
my skin looks clearer, brighter, and its softer!
skin looks more even in tone
my face look super bright
it makes my skin so smooth.
great little eye cream
it really refreshes my skin
the skin around my eyes feels plumper
my eyes look beautiful
really looked instantly brighter
this is a beautiful eye cream.
makes under eyes glow
it glides on super smoothly
it helps with my wrinkles and my dark circles.
leaves my combo skin so smooth and clean.
my skin is clear and smooth.
my skin looks plumper
my skin feels bouncy
you can totally feel the plumpness
the texture is between gel
i do feel my skin texture improved
my skin looks fresher
my skin looked glowing in the morning
it does have a bit of a thicker consistency
it is mica glitter in extremely small pieces so gives a gorgeous glow wthout overkill
after feeling the slightly sticky consistency
my skins looks clearer
my skin has never looked so youthful
my skin has a beautiful glow thanks to this salve
t is fantastic on the lips
in my experience most of the shimmery specks get covered after my foundation
you can only see them when my face shines in the sun
it leaves my skin looking softer and more glowy.
it also has an interesting texture.
it feels like velvet
it gives me a nice dewy glow
gives me a really nice glow
subtle glow that was not too glittery at all
it would be too much shine if your complexion is naturally "dewy
my skin is matte as paper
it gives a very natural glow
is an easy glowing look
it gives a great highlighted glowy look.
i feel this is more of a summer look as its rather dewy
how much my skin was glowing
this was comforting to the face as well as adding a slight sparkle that made me feel sexy
seemed to even out skintone
brighten making my skin ready for a fresh looking makeup base
made my skin glow
to the tops of my cheekbones
it made my skin look so beautifully highlighted in a subtle
the sparkles didn't st
it adds great illumination under your foundation.
leaves my skin with a kind of angelic sheen
i love this moisterizer it gives a nice illumination to the skin without being intense like a liquid highlight
it also seems to have almost an irridescent pink sheen that still looks natural
it makes your skin super sparkly outside
maybe because of my darker skin tone
this moisturizer is perfect for a very subtle glow when worn alone
it looks like a sheer iridescent nail polish.
my skin has a subtle glow
this has a very light glow
it is very glowing.
combining it with my foundation makes my skin look dewy
the glow is amazing
my skin looked flawless
this product actually gives a really nice subtle glow
looks really nice under a bb cream
it has that dewy glow as a finish
my skin looked amazing
i love to look at dewy
enjoyed how it made my face look radiant
maybe it depends on the skin tone?
makes your skin look dewy but not too oily.
gives a stunning all over glow
this is the type of highlight that gives you this dewy glow from within look not your average "instagram" highlight
it's a stunningly glowing moisturizer.
to make the glow more wearable
it's also gorgeous on the collarbones
its a very subtle shimmer, no large glitter.
i only see the sparkles in intense sunlight
i see a beautiful shimmer once you put this on
gives your skin the most beautiful glow
if you love sparkle
prepped my skin perfectly for my powder foundation
more glitter the better!
cool purplish shimmer without looking freaky
i love it on my neutral leaning-cool pale skin
it gives me this glowing
healthy looking skin that i'm in love with
to me its just a really fine shimmer
it looks lovely under make up
it reminds me of the becca backlight primer.
it just gives you a very luminous glow!
this is not glittery in any way, it is shimmery.
makes my skin look fabulous
i love how it gives a glow to the face
it makes your foundation look very beautiful
it gives me a great overall brightening
yes it adds a dewy glow
a sheen of extremely faint hint of micro shimmer
this is less than half that "radiance " more natural
it makes my skin look healthy .
a light to medium skin tone
this takes my boring matte skin
turns it into a healthy dewy glowy beautiful skin
under a light foundation it gives you a subtle glow
the sparkles are not noticeable with foundation over-top
it gives your foundation a dewy finish.
the glow is lovely
it is such a strong glow, yet subtle.
it makes me look just a little bit dewy
it just gives you a nice sheen.
like a nice glow to my skin
it gives a great glow.
beautiful glow to my skin
it made the tops of my cheekbones look so dewy
it isn't over powered with glitter or shimmer either
i wear matte foundation over it
t looks like a nice "from within" glow
adds a slight every-day shimmer
on it looks just like a subtle sheen like a very subtle shimmer
feel like it blurs imperfections a little
awesome for lighter skin tones.
if you love a shimmer this is amazing.
this incredible primer truly brightens skin without creating a mess
if you look very closely in the mirror it looks shimmery
at a 'persons' distance away it gives off that dewy glow everyone loves
love the natural look and my skin looks flawless!
it gives me good dewy skin
give you a nice glow though
it shines through just the perfect amount to make my skin radiant
it's good as a strobing cream
it gives me a nice glowy look
when i put foundation on it looks dewy
the glow is beautiful
creates a nice smooth base making my shapetape concealer look amazing
made my eyes seem brighter
makes skins feel silky while allowing for creaseless concealer application
i noticed that this lancome eye balm helps my eyes look refreshed
the texture feels great
leaving the eye contour perfectly smooth
i can see my undereye area looking brighter
as well as plumper
it corrects wrinkles and my skin is refreshed.
i love a good eye cream that has a thicker consistency
i really liked the cream the texture its smooth non oily
this cream brightens your eye
almost has the texture of a primer
i really liked the texture of the eye balm
it made my under eyes so smooth
a perfectly primed canvas for under eye makeup
it makes your eyes look a lot brighter!
it has helped brighten my underye area
t goes on super smooth
my skin feels smooth
makes my skin feel silky smooth
thankfully the lancôme visionnaire eye cream advanced multi-correcting eye balm works amazing
smooths my under eye for flawless foundation
my undereye area looks so smooth
it gave my eyes more glow and plump.
my skin was smoother
it even made my skin seem brighter
it goes on smooth
it goes on the skin smoothly
great texture and great results!
it feels really light weight
it adds a softened look to my under eye for sure.
this really helped to smooth out puffiness
my skin is looking fresh
application of the eye cream was smooth
shimmer in the product which i was okay about
this eye cream feels silky
also helps my complexion get back to normal overnight
pretty impressive results for plumping
wake up with lovely skin
my skin looks amazing in the morning.
pores seem smaller and skin looks smoother.
the consistency felt thicker than a typical "gel cream"
not sure if it really firms plumps or brightens
gave it an even complexion
improves the look and feel of skin with one use.
make my jawline look sharper
this cream has a lively texture
my skin was looking glowy
it never helped with the oiliness
this product has smoothed
my skin looks fresh and plump in the morning!
my face looks firmer
the silky smoothness of it
makes my skin look fresh and revived.
brightens my skin better than anything else out there
this keeps my face slim
i like how it's not creamy, so it absorbs nicely.
the texture is perfect
it made my skin look amazing
plumped up my skin
i see a difference in the texture of my skin
really like the way this smoothed out my skin
my skin looks amazing
i can see a difference in texture of skin
it's a very light texture
it makes your skin feel like satin
my skin is so smooth
luminous that it makes up for it
my skin feels plump
this serum definitely evened out my skin tone
my skin is beaming
it has made my skin brighter
this product brightened my skin
overall my skin looks amazing
my skin looks flawless.
improves my makeup smoothness to another level
improved the overall texture of my skin
this product has lightened my spots in less than 5 days my skin looks awesome
my skin looks bright
my skin overall is bright
i noticed smoothness of skin
my skin looks plumper, alive and vibrant.
my overall complexion looked brighter
it makes the face moisturized, glowy and smooth.
it adds a beautiful glow to my face even when applied under my full coverage matte foundation
love to layer this over my kora oil during the day- makes my skin so smooth
if you add this underneath a foundation it feels so weightless
makes the foundation look less cakey
it wasn't super luminous
it's not extremely blinding with the glow
it gives you that healthy luminosity back to your face
i love the dewy look it gives me
it makes your skin instantly so beautiful.
it glides on my face so smoothly
my skin feels smooth
i like the slight glow it provides
my makeup just looked flawless after this.
gave it a nice moisture day look
want my skin to look smooth
gives you such a healthy glow
which is a heavy matte foundation
it makes the application so smooth
gives me a beautiful glow
this gives my skin a nice
everything glides on smoothly
it adds a really nice glow to my skin
it leaves my skin looking dewy with a slight glow
makes my skin look perfect
there's no shimmer at all
it has a wonderful texture
gives u the most perfect natural glow
leaves me looking like i have a summer glow
i've gotten compliments that i'm glowing
brightness-this stuff completely changed my complexion
i literally glow and i feel amazing.
it give skin an ethereal glow without looking like you're about to go clubbing
it beautifully evens out the complexion while making your skin feel incredible
my skin still looked vibrant
i love the luminous look.
when i have this under foundation it gives me a natural glow
the color of this primer is a peachy pink which i feel like helps blur
color correct the skin
it has a slight glow to it as well.
it gives you such a pretty glow
it goes on matte like a primer
gives it a very subtle shimmer
it serves as a nice base for my beauty cream
it will accentuate my dry areas
it does give a nice sheen to my skin
this primer is this best base to get the perfect glow
even under foundation it makes your skin look glowy
the lady put this refreshing primer
it provides a beautiful canvas for my foundation
the claims are true as it does leave a dewy natural sheen to the face
this doesn't accentuate it
i like to use it when i'm using a very matte foundation
gives my skin some life
my skin looks smooth
after applying this primer my skin looks so glowy
i would compare this to the bareminerals brightening primer
i love the way this feels on my skin smooth
this moisturzer keeps my skin luminous all day.
my skin just glows with it on.
i mix it with either the guerlain radiance primer or the josie maran argan illuminated i think it's called to add a radiance to my skin
the shimmer looks really good under foundation new hg primer ❤️
it gives my skin an extra glow
my makeup looks magical
it does have a sheen to it
the "shimmer" in it allows for a subtle glow that makes the skin looks super healthy
under makeup it still shines through
my skin looks flawless all i have to put on is blush
there is a slight shimmer yes, but no glitter.
shimmer gives your skin a beautiful glow all day long
it looks so natural
it makes you look instantly more radiant
magically my skin looks so flawless even after 8 hours
my redness has definitely toned down a bit
my skin was radiant
does a nice job keeping my skin smooth
helps matte my face
it has such a nice glow
it gives my bare face a beautiful glow.
your skin will look fresh and glowing afterwards!
it leaves your skin smooth
leaves your skin super smooth
soothing on your skin
still made my face very smooth
it does seem to smooth
left my skin super smooth
feels super smooth after using it
my skin was immediately brighter
it evens out my skin tone
someone even complimented my skin
made my face look flawless all day
the texture is nice.
my face looks absolutely flawless!
it absolutely perfects your skin
edly brought back a glow to my complexion
the pink color to it is probably what gives you the glow
it gave me a matte finish
my face doesn't look glowy at all in real life
it does look glowy through camera
it creates a beautiful radiant canvas which i dig
works really well if you have uneven skin tone.
this calms my face nicely
leaves it feeling silky smooth
my skin is always smoother
makes my skin feel silky smooth
felt my foundation on way smoother
the texture of my skin has changed
my face looks visibly smoother and less blotchy.
my skin color is even
amazing, so calming and cool.
this mask made my skin glow/brightened
my skin looked instantly more calm
makes my skin feel silky smooth.
the cream is so smooth
makes my face look radiant
amazing for oily skin.
my skin is clearer
this product is really perfect for keep skin smooth
makeup lays over it wonderfully
this product definitely keeps my skin supple
the texture is so light weight
this made my skin feel smooth
skin glow increase this pruduct is right balanced i am a combination skin type
feels so smooth on your skin
it gives you a glow too
my skin still looks fresh
this a fantastic product for dry skin
makes my skin look
my skin had a pretty glow after applying
now roloxin lift gold gives me the same instant smoothing results with a beautiful highlighted shimmer
for an even more radiant appearance
my face looks radiant all day long.
your skin looks great!"
"you look really refreshed."
it sits nicely under my primer
the texture is incredible... i recommend
the texture is even lighter
watery it feels when applying i just prefer a thicker texture
my face is so smooth
my skin looks amazing
light weight and goes on silky smooth!
not only does this feel nice gliding on the skin
it feels like silk on
so light weight and smoothing to the skin.
i wake up with a flawless firm skin
the texture is like nothing i've ever felt.
my skin has never looked this smooth
it's create a perfect canvas before foundation.
my face even has a natural glow to it
skin overall looks happy
it feels like it melts into my skin leaving a velvety texture behind
feels very silky on my skin
summer because it has such a light texture
goes on smooth amd leaves my skin feeling amazing
glides on perfectly not overly thick or greasy.
my skin looks great!
love it makes my skin feel really smooth
my face looks radiant and smooth.
my skin looks supple and younger too.
as far as texture
i find the shade to be a perfect match
it helps even out my skin tone
makes my skin look flawless
i wanted a product which would give my skin a dewy look
it blends wonderfully into my skin
so easy to quickly perfect my nose
my fair-pinkish skin looks even
pleasantly surprised how my skin looks after applying
for me, it evens my skin tone and creates a glow.
this creates a beautiful canvas for make up.
i think it helps my makeup look fresh and dewy.
it evens out my skin tone
its like a self tan color
makes skin look dewy
i'd say the color of this stick would fit medium to tan ladies
product gives perfect natural look.
giving skin a radiant finish -- if you have light to medium skin
my skin looked perfect
except for the hue
youre left with a perfect dewy glow
how it blends with my skin tone
it looks darker than it goes on.
makes my skin look smooth, even and not greasy.
my skin looked flawless!!!
this stick makes my skin look perfect
it matched my skin perfect
the color seemed light at first
it visibly boosts the clarity
my complexion continues to hold the glow that a facial will give you
keeps skin looking fresh
it works beautifully on bare skin or make up
stays truly matte even after a long work day
especially since it looks to have a pink color
my skin was instantly cooled and felt silky.
my light makeup starts to feel heavier
this keeps me matte for hours longer
keeps me matte all day!
helps me getting rid of the shines without looking cakey like the powder does
it dries quickly to a beautiful matte finish
wearing only this for 10 hours i went from poreless matte to "glowy"
your foundation is mattifying you will be too matte looking
in pictures it's the only thing that shines
makes your face cool
my skin feels soft like theres a light weight invisible matte powder on it
it made me look fairly matte
i think it's even more matte than when i first applied my matte foundation
it instantly turned my oily makeup back to looking matte
blended well with my complexion
my makeup looks funky in my smile lines as well
my skin looks velvety
it keeps me matte
this with my foundation makes my skin flawless
with the best matte results
my nose was matte
during the winter my skin looks dull & dry.
my make up looked smoother
radiant skin after the shower
my skin was smooth and bright.
i noticed a smoother texture
my skin is balanced
the texture is smooth and nice, feels amazing.
make it a little oily/ shiny looking
it just leaves a glow that's a little more than radiant
this moisturiser has a nice rich texture compared to other spfs i've tried
my face looks so smooth
it makes my skin look a little glossy
the subtle iridescent pigment is going to help refract light
well, color me impressed!
my skin is smooth
my skin feels smooth
my skin feels pretty smooth
wow my skin looks
leaves my skin so smooth!
it leaves my skin so smooth!
my pores look much better
it leaves my skin so smooth
made my skin radiant
face gets smooth and fresh.
my skin is so smooth
my skin really is brighter
the tone is improving
made the texture on my skin look less visible
left with smooth silky skin
it has also made my over all complexion brighter
smooth and very nice to touch.
my skin was in rough shape though
my skin is glowing.
glows the next morning
smooth like the name says like a facial
i notice my skin is glowing
you'll see your skintone
leaves my skin smooth
my skin is glowing after use.
my face texture has become smooth
smooth glowing canvas the next day
this weekly facial makes my skin feel so smooth
immediately felt skin's texture was super smooth
this product cleared my skin up its more radiant
your skin will glow.
helps clear up blemishes
my skin looked flawless
i can see my skin brighter
my skin was smooth and radiant.
my make up laid beautifully.
it is looking a little smoother
my skin looks brighter
this product made my skin visibly so bright!
the overall appearance of my skin was glowing
it definitely brightens my face
it gives me the glow
my skin looks so bright and smooth the next day.
my tone is even
my face looks glowing
my skin looks better and feels better!
my skin has never looked so radiant
the first night of using it my skin looked so glowy
omg, my skin looks beautiful and so soft.
my skin was just so radiant
my face feels baby smooth
it becomes so soft and smooth.
my skin was a little brighter
mostly i notice brighter skin
skin actually feels baby soft and much brighter.
my face is brighter
my skin is so smooth
made my skin very smooth
overall gave my skin a healthy
overall my skin is starting to glow!
my skin looks younger
my skin was shiny
just all around uneven texture
i noticed how smooth my skin was
it also looked glowy.
my skin feels amazingly smooth!
i wake up to the greatest smoothest complexion.
my skin looked better
slap this on first for the most beautifully glowing skin you'll ever see
there was no texture to my skin
there was even a subtle glow to my skin
i do feel that my skin is noticeably smoother
a bit brighter after each use
my skin feels so smooth
my skin looked so bright
my skin is smoother
with my foundation look flawless
all my breakouts are flat all my texture gone my skin is smooth
my skins texture is the smoothed it's ever been
soft texture of my skin
my skin looks much better
my skin was insanely smooth and flawless.
the cream feels sturdy and thick.
the gel is light but has a tacky after-texture.
my skin is glowing!
the texture is really smooth and easy to apply.
i noticed brighter glowing skin
leaves my skin very smooth in the morning.
i am left with a healthy glow that seemingly blurs my imperfections for an overall balanced complexion
leaves my skin something like a healthy matte finish
this is super smooth underneath those products
my skin looks better than ever
it has a nice subtle sheen
my skin is luminous
bb cream or foundation glides right now
my skin looks bright
my skin looks dewy
my skin is noticeably smoother in the morning
my skin is noticeably brighter and so soft!
the texture has improved considerably
this is so silky
had a very healthy glow
my skin is positively glowing the next morning.
leaves behind a gorgeous glowy finish that looks like i've just applied makeup
it feels luxurious and my skin loves it!
my skin feels smooth
it gives my foundation a smoothing boost
has had the texture of their skin change to bumpy
was even told my complexion looked flawless
my face was brighter
it feels so luxurious
wow skin looks so healthy smooth
it brightens my skin
my skin is more brilliant
it has a thicker texture which i really like for my skin
it makes my face feel so silky
it goes on smooth
makes your skin glow.
i could tell a difference: this cream has made my skin radiant
my skin is glowing
wake up to a glowing complexion
this has lightened my skin overall
my face is so smooth
i did notice that ceo helped to balance out my skintone
gives my skin a great glow
my skin is plumper
almost feels like a primer on the skin
it left me skin smooth
i wake up with glowy and perfect skin.
has helped with tone
my skin is beautiful
leave my skin smooth
i feel like it evens out my skin tone as well.
was looking a little dull
my face looked super dewy
it does make your skin luminous!
ceo leaves skin supple and smooth.
this leaves the skin so smooth
it gives a slight tingle as i put it on
my skin is so smooth.
my skin is soft and plump and dewy.
it has given me a beautiful glow
i do notice a glow in my skin.
my skin feels so soft and glowing.
it makes my skin glow.
my skin has never looked so flawless.
because my skin is glowing
my skin looks amazing"
i skin feels balanced
it gives me a lovely glow
woke up with supple
the way my skin looks
dark spots it really brightens the face
it makes my skin glow and soft to touch.
my skin is noticeably brighter
it gives my skin a lovely glow
my skin has brightened
it has a thick consistency
also super hydrating… i feel like my skin is noticeably more glory
my skin instantly feels plump
my skin looks brighter and nourished.
my skin is glowing
it's tight yet supple, luminous, and balanced.
it makes my skin feel really smooth
supple without feeling greasy
my skin is looks
gives a very glowy/healthy effect
actually noticeably brightens my skin
my skin just general smoother
my skin looks refreshed, bright, and supple.
my skin just looks better
my skin is glowing
my skin is brighter and soft.
made it look very supple
it help the texture and smoothed out my skin!
hopeful it would work with my retina
my skin instantly was brighter
my skin looks visibly smoother
my skin looks brighter
the texture is quite thick upon application
i've noticed that my skin looks brighter too
it is a completely different texture than tidal-much heavier
leave your skin glowing
my facehas never felt softer or smoother.
my skin is glowing
smoother after this product
it absorbs instantly and feels silky smooth.
my skin literally looks like it's glowing after applied
my complexion looks even
my skin is healthier
makes my skin look fresh
makes my skin feel wonderful
it's makes my pores looks smaller
the woman who does my facials complimented how great my skin looked
leaves my skin soft and with a nice glow
leaves my skin smooth
my skin is clearer
it's so silky smooth
my skin is clearer
this translates to full coverage hydrating dewy foundation that looks like i'm not wearing foundation at all
it just makes very fair complexion look flawless
woke up with a pearl like glow
made it beautiful again
i've noticed my skin tone
texture have both evened out
it made my skin feel redder
i get this beautiful glow
my skin is so smooth
literally the softest smoothest skin ever
my skin was completely transformed
my skin felt smooth
so rich and smooth and makes skin feel heavenly.
my skin looks lush
i'll def try the lighter version during the warm months
my skin looks amazing
supple when i use this
evens out my skin tone
it truly does make my skin gorgeous
leaves a beautiful luminous glow
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin looks dewy
this is just like the thicker version of this cream except it glides on much more smoothly
this cream does make your skin glowy
my skin hardly needs makeup it glows so much
it gives me a slight glow
brightened my skin with a lovely glow in one day
somewhat cooling texture that feels amazing
it goes on smooth
the texture is softer
my skin is brighter
my skin looks brighter
smooth thanks to this line
my cheeks/cheekbones all had a lovely
dewy glow to them after i started using this
skin glowing and looks very healthy.
it leaves me skin so smooth
this eye cream is smoothly applied
really love the texture
my skin has been smooth
it makes my skin look plumped
the skin around my eyes is smooth
evens out my skintone and makes me glow.
made my skin glow
my skin looks so youthful and amazing!!
my skin looks great!
if you want a brightened complexion
it makes my skin so smooth.
it's instantly smoother to the touch
my skin even looked more glowing afterwards.
this one gives me smooth skin
i chose the darker of the two shades
it makes my skin look nice
it's the perfect color my skin tone
t gives my skin a little boost of radiance
it does what it says "all day brightener" it makes my foundation looks bright/ fresh all day
i love this primer it goes on smooth
gives the skin a nice smooth finish
my skin was just blurred to perfection
it really helped to get my make-up on much smoother for a flawless finish
this smoother serum helps my skin look flawless
the ibuki smart filtering smoother is an amazing blurring serum/primer
it gives my face such a smooth velvety finish.
a lightweight texture that is easy to blend into the skin
it works really well to blur imperfections.
helps give me a more flawless look
it leaves a smooth airbrushed look.
it does really well at blurring imperfections
makes my skin look matte
i've noticed that my fave looks much smoother in photos
it's great for smoothing out your skin
the serum has a lovely lightweight texture that sinks in quickly
it also helped to smooth over some uneven texture i have
it has a thin texture that does a beautiful job of blurring out imperfections
it did help create a more smoother looking skin
it leaves your makeup looking flawless!
this product makes your skin look flawless.
keeps your skin matte
makes my foundation look flawless again
makes skin look flawless
it does blur away shine
smoothing, removes shine and looks super natural.
did a great job of smoothing texture
this instantly blurs out all your imperfections leaving your skin smooth
around my nose to smooth out any texture
i love how matte my face is
gave a blurring/airbrushed effect
it makes the skin look matte
keeps it feeling matte
smooth away any imperfections
smooths out my face to give me a flawless finish
i like that the texture is light
my skin stayed matte all day
this stuff instantly smoothens out my complexion
making it look flawless
it really does help to create a sort of airbrushed finish
by the fifth day of wearing it people complimented me on my skin looking smoother
reduce the visibility of the texture on my skin
it did help make my skin feel smoother with almost a feathery or velvety texture
makes my skin look flawless
it gives it an amazing matte finish
this is an oily-skin person's dream.
gives skin a flawless look
i really liked my ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
didn't make my face shiny
it does smooth out the appearance of your complexion
this serum makes all photos look even better
this product helped to blur those imperfections
it really blurs out my skin
i works like a charm for making your face look perfect
i find that it blurs imperfections
makes my skin look poreless!
it makes me look flawless
your skin will look flawless
the result is a flawless photoready skin.
because it fills your pores it definitely gives off a smooth flawless finish
i would wear the ibuki smart filtering smoother under my synchro skin foundation to instantly blur my imperfections
together, i appear to have smoother skin.
sometimes i'll wear moisturizer on top of the smart filtering smoother to give me a dewy complexion
it has a very velvety feel
i instantly noticed my skin's surface become smoother
my foundation came out much smoother
the finish look is so flawless
it's also amazing on fresh skin
look smoother than ever
i really blurs away shine and imperfections.
seriously looking flawless skin.
my skin feels even healthier with a super nice glow
keeping my skin looking fresh
while making your skin smooth
my skin looks noticeably smoother which makes my foundation look much more flawless
to create a smooth canvas for your makeup
this makes my skin look/feel so matte
it makes your skin looking flawless
i prefer a dewy finish
very smooth to the touch
leaves skin noticeably softer instantly
it's perfect to give you a flawless look under the spot light
makes my skin super matte
also helps in achieving a matte finish on my makeup instead of a oily one
it is such a light formula that does a great job of smoothing over small skin imperfections
it leaves my skin really smooth
give you more of a matte finish to your skin
it's definitely smoothing with a matte finish.
it blurs any imperfections
gives you a look of shine
beautiful skin as a finish
it blurs away any shine i have on my fave
gives my face a photosfinish look.
the filtering smoother is a very light veil that leaves a paler
lighter silky after-effect on the skin
super light weight and smooth to the touch.
it makes me look super smooth
keeps my skin still matte after using it with make up
it is so light and silky.
it definitely blurs imperfections
feels very luxurious on the skin
i does help my face to look flawless
texture on my skin
lighter than air texture
it looks like a night cream
wake up with my skin glowing
it feels so silky to the touch
the most beautiful skin
my skin is glowing
my skin is super smooth and supple.
my skin looks great--plumped, more even.
the serum goes on incredibly smooth
it did seem to improve the uneven texture
my skin tone appeared slightly more even
it makes my skin so smooth
feels beautiful on the skin
i love that it feels like a solid frosting
this cream makes your skin glow just a little bit goes a long way
my skin feels smoother already
my skin looks like it is glowing in the morning.
my skin looks brighter
it does improve skin texture
healthy glow to your complexion
my face seems smoother and has a healthy glow!
it seemed to be more radiant
felt my skin is smoother
the texture is so nice
feels great on skin and glides on smoothly.
my skin looks amazing
this one glides very well
my skin feels softer & cleaner.
thinner consistency than i expected
it glides effortlessly over skin
the milky texture is really nice too!
my skin looks better than ever
my skin looks 80% better
my skin is dewy
supple give him some of this
it brightens my under eye circles
my skin looks great
perfect for my combo eye area!
it feels very natural and light.
that entire area looks noticibly smoother
it gives this glow to your eye area making my highlighter look even better
i felt like my eyes looked brighter
you can tell that your skin brightens up
my complexion is bright and even.
truly works wonders to make your skin glow
to mix is with my foundation to get a dewy glow
left my skin smooth
my skin is supple
i wear it under my sunsreen for a dewy look.
my skin is smoother
already see a brighter complexion
love the dewy look it gave me as well
it leaves my face dewy
it makes my skin look firmer
my skin looked clear
i wake up with gorgeous
supple throughout the day
it also gives me a nice glow.
it keeps my skin supple
this oil also has a brightening
this really is weightless
my décolletage as well
it makes my skin looks much healthier
now it just looks radiant
my skin looks great
skin looks more even colored
this feels light on the skin
nice and lightweight that goes on smooth.
my skin started to glow
it made my skin really smooth
it helps keen this plump
perfect hydrator, feels very light on the skin
helps with my appearance of dark circles
his skin looks smoother
i feel like it makes my skin smoother
my overall skin texture is a lot smoother
my overall complexion has a nice glow
it is a clear liquid that goes on silky smooth
gave my skin a nice glow
gives my skin glow
helps the texture of my skin
my skin is perfect
my skin is much smoother
not just the brightness
this makes my skin so bright
it gives a nice mid-spectrum glow
it leaves my skin glowing
this gives your skin a nice dewy finish.
i always get compliments about how my skin glows when wearing this
makes a good night cream
my skin is smooth and clear.
after using these products my skin looks like it is glowing
i love how smooth it makes my skin
it has truly transformed my skin
feels light weight on the skin
my makeup looked flawless
my eyes appear refreshed
chlolleragen work to transform the delicate eye area
the skin around my eyes is so much smoother
this eye cream is so smooth and gentle.
power eye cream is so fantastically smooth
this cream is smooth
i feel my wrinkles aka crow's feet got smoothened a bit
this eye cream is very nice.
i do feel like the skin around my eyes is smoother
i personally feel it makes my eyes look a little brighter
it has improved the texture
it makes my skin feel smooth
it has very smooth
it instantly brightens my eye area.
it is very subtle.
a tighter more refreshed look
the skin is luminous
it goes on smooth
my makeup seems to go on a little smoother in the morning
as an eye cream newbie
giving your skin a firmer more glowing sheen
the eye cream is very smooth
the cream goes on very smooth
first impressions upon opening- nice texture
given me a more youthful look
my under eye area looks healthier when i use this cream
the formula is smoother than silk
refreshing on your eyes
colors gradually began to improve
it is so silky
my skin is smoother
nice, medium thickness texture/consistency.
first impressions - love the texture.
my skin is just smoother
my skin is so much smoother
my oiliness is definitely controlled
the tingle it gives me skin
this gives my skin a super clean
it keeps my skin smooth
not shiny like normal
my skin looks healthy
it makes my skin baby smooth
my skin looked like it was glowing
completely balanced out my skin
like it's heavenly how much drier my skin is.
between the two my skin is absolutely glowing
leave behind beautifully soft skin
it feels invigorating on the skin.
it leaves your face glowing
i can definitely see a difference in the texture of my skin
this product leaves it feeling silky smooth
a silky texture on the skin
invigorating on the skin
skin feels so balanced after.
after using it my skin definitely feels matte
it really makes my skin look radiant
my face doesn't look shiny
this is more like a thicker cream
skin is brighter and healthier looking!
the texture is gentle
my skin looked clearer
i love how it feels slightly tingly
it helps me stay matte
it's the perfect balance for my oily skin.
it has a great cooling sensation
leaves me matte all day
plus the contrast of cool then warm when cleansing just feels amazing
it is a perfect for normal/ combination skin
leaves your skin with an invigorating tingle
luminosity of my combo skin has never been as good as it is now
it makes my skin feel smooth
it makes my skin feel balanced
keeps it looking glowy
keeps me matte but also gives me a healthy glow!
doesn't leave that chalky look
it gave my skin a smooth
i find it makes my foundation appear streaky
my face looks way less shiny now
shines a little less everyday
its very lightweight and refreshing.
it has a very light texture
is perfect for oily skin
this product offers a nice cooling sensation on my skin
it's the perfect balance between light
this product has completely mattified my shine
this gives me a very nice glow
feels gorgeous all day
it made my skin/complexion soft
it has an incredible cooling sensation on the skin
it makes my skin glow and feel smooth!
prefer a natural matte "finish"
gives it a subtle glow without looking too oily
my skin looks brighter.
the texture is lightweight
it really feels luxurious
goes on very smooth
keeps my face looking smooth
it has a very matte finish to it
the fresh pressed products are great for brightening
my skin already looks brighter
my overall skin tone is brighter
my skin is softer brighter and more glowing.
brighter when i used it
overall clarity of my skin
it s brighter and smooth looking .
definitive improvement in skin brightness.
everything is just smoother
improved the texture of my skin
my skin is brighter and more even.
my skin looks great.
texture under my eyes
it looks flawless under makeup
the creamy white texture hides imperfections
my undereye looks better as well
this keeps my eyes looking youthful
texture of my under eyes decreased
that my skin even appeared to look smoother around the eyes
the thin skin around my eyes appears plumper
i love that the texture is fluid
makes it feel silky
my skin has had a beautiful
even though this is pricey, it made my skin glow.
it makes my skin feel super smooth
i've had more compliments on my skin since i started wearing philosophy skin tint
friends say my skin looks like it is glowing.
i absolutely love this skin tint!
the makeup leaves skin dewy with medium to light coverage
leaves a beautiful even tone
the perfect warm weather makeup
it gives a natural, shine free glow finish.
while it covers slight imperfections
while it makes your skin look moisturized it doesn't give off that dewy or glowy effect
it makes your skin look natural and healthy.
gives her some color
it glides on your face nicely
it definitely evens out the skin tone with
it looks so natural
looks like my skin
looks and feels good on the skin.
it gives my face a nice glow
feels creamy then i will go
it's a beautiful natural feeling on the skin
the beige color runs a little dark for me
i also decided to try this skin tint
on the lighter side of the color range
that's normal for me even with full coverage matte foundations
it gives my skin life!
it makes my skin glow
leaves a pretty sheen on my face
my skin has a dewy glow to it
my skin looks renewed
makes the powder eye shadow seem creamy when applying
tend to use the illuminating gel in the morning as it's lighter
everything looks younger and firmer!
the perfect eye cream!
the texture is light
i believe it is more supple
it doesn't leave any noticeable sheen like a highlighter
it helps keep my under eye smooth
my skin looks noticeably different
it is truly glowing.
feel like my skin is brighter
it's lightweight and goes on smooth.
my face feels smoother and looks more youthful.
makes the skin soft and radiant.
this lightens my dark spots
makes my skin glowing and radiant, not oily.
it leaves my skin glowy
my skin looks fantastic
my skin is radiant!
it's the first time i can say my skin looks radiant
anyone that wants glowing radiant skin
this cream feels thin
i found it does brighten
well rounded product for brightening
texture on my under eyes
my lines are smoother
this has made my skin look smoother
it creates an amazing canvas for my makeup
it gives you a glowy finish
my skin looks healthy
my skin looks great.
it works beautifully mixed with foundation
it feels velvet-like
this stuff gives me a beautiful glow when applying it before my foundation
i do love the glow it provides
the smooth feeling it gives your skin
the appearance of my make up is so much smoother
make your feel luxurious knowing 24 gold is blending into your skin
makeup blends well doesnt loook cakey
evenness in my skin tone
a lip plumper or to make my eyeshadows a creamy texture when i apply them
makes it look flawless / radiant
in the morning my skin glows
it makes my skin look beautiful
my skin is so smooth
naturally have a very uneven complexion
my skin was smooth
my skin appears illuminated
combines beautifully with my born this way foundation
it always gives me that natural glow
has a subtle glow to it
it leaves my skin feeling supple
it is so smooth
i mix a couple of drops with my foundation for a smooth
skin texture is dramatically better
makes your skin feel amazing
my skin has never looked so glowy
mix it in with foundation for the prefect dewy look
gives a glow and super soft skin!
glowing skin that looks super healthy
my lips are also noticeably smoother.
if you want a dewy glow this is perfect!
this made my skin glow
skin feels more plump
medium neutral skin tone
it makes your face look flawless.
making it appear more radiant
adds a natural looking glow
my face literally glows.
it makes my skin look smooth
makes me look airbrushed!
love the appearance it gives my skin
it gives you an amazing dewy glow if you use it with your foundation
bright then put drops on my artis oval to blend foundation
it gave me a beautiful natural glow my lips are soft as silkwow love love love
this helps my makeup not look chalky
it leaves a pretty glow upon application
the pink color is pretty
my makeup looks less cakey
a lot smoother upon application with this underneath
tightens and firms skin tone looks more even.
it made my makeup look flawless
the oils in this have completely helped the texture of my skin
unicorn essence may have the edge over armani in terms of the length of time it keeps my skin matte
silicony feel- it's weightless on
once on you can't see any sparkle or glitter
although that one smooths a bit better
allows my skin and makeup to look flawless.
with or without makeup this gives a very healthy looking glow
creates a nice smooth canvas to apply my foundation
my skin looks so bright and healthy.
omg my make up glides on
it leaves a nice glowy finish under makeup.
i mix it in with my foundation to give my skin a pretty glow
i also put a bit on my cheeks to enhance my highlighter
it makes my skin so silky smooth
it was so easy to blend in the dark color.
makes my foundation look flawless
it helps me when i contour.
as smooth as ever
it makes my skin so radiant
is pink with little sparkles
these sparkly fun drops make my face perfectly tacky
gives it this dewey glow without looking oily
this leaves my skin looking dewy
it's looks like unicorn tears and it sparkles!
it has the texture of a primer
it feels so smooth on your skin
i absolutely love this product it's brightens your skin over time
makes highlighter look amazing
my skin feels and looks amazing.
everyone commented that my skin looks glowing all of a sudden
it gives me glow looking without any foundation
my skin is looking brighter and refreshed.
clean skin is the first step to beautiful makeup
it definitely helps to brighten up your skin
my skin feels smooth
want a slightly less luxurious experience
skin is left soft, smooth and clean.
this is actually giving me a nice plump glow
let it make me glisten for a while
vibrant my skin looks
a little goes a long because it glides across the skin effortlessly
i love the texture while massaging my face.
i mean it just glides on
a delight to use on my skin
gentle yet powerfully effective cleaner.
highlighter/blush with ease
the consistency is thick
now i have a perfect complexion wth no visible wrinkles
this does make my vision cloudy after use
makes your hair look super shiny
leaves you a youthful glow.
it give your skin a nice natural almost pink looking glow
very similar to what the josie maran surreal argan skin finishing balm in that sense
it does make your face glow.
gives you a lit from within look
yet really makes it more luminous
plus it also blurs the imperfections
makes my skin look more even :
this glow creme gives your skin a beautiful dewy glow
it just gives your skin a natural youthful looking glow to it
glides smoothly over the skin
leaves a nice matte finish for most of the day.
dries to a nice soft matte finish.
this kept my face so matte
complimented on how bright
smooth my face looks
helped my skin become same color
give my skin a healthy glow
my face is brighter and complexion is even.
does give a more dewy finish
t leaves me with a soft dewy appearance
that helps to brighten my eye area in my opinion
it makes my skin glow
have a glowing complexion you have to get this
my foundation looked so smooth!!!
makes my makeup look flawless
this one beats them all the smoothness
it's a light, almost gel-like texture.
i feel it helps control oil/shine on my chin
my skin looks and feels healthy.
it's so light textured, like a gel but not quite.
the texture is soft
my skin feels super smooth
the natural glow it gives me
it's such a great texture
the gel texture feels so lightweight.
leaving your skin smooth
it has a gel like consistency
my skin is smooth
mostly my skin is more radiant after use
look like a luxurious product
super smooth and creamy texture.
color were very appealing
my skin feels super smooth
everything smooths on like a dream
i tried this tonight after using the facial radiance peel by fab
wow my skin feels so plump
when i look in the mirror my skin looks smooth all over with a little glow
it just light like a toning
my skin is brighter
i don't feel this product makes my skin smoother or softer
it looked toned, smooth and almost airbrushed!
refines the texture of my skin quite nicely
my skin just glows afterward.
my skin felt smoother after one use
a lot of masks i use might make my skin brighter
it's really nice lightweight consistency that absorbs quickly
i wake up radiant
my skin looks more radiant
my skin looks tighter
glows in the morning
my skin is brighter
evened my skin tone
my skin definitely looks brighter
lines are reduced, skin is fuller and softer.
glides on very smoothly
light on the skin
it has brightened my complexion
this amazing treatment bar has brightened
cleared my skin from uneven tones
this stuff looks like a gel
"glowing" it let my skin feel
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
it makes my skin smooth
the texture on the skin is surreal!!!
this feels like heaven on your skin
this product makes my face feel smooth
my skin felt smooth
has a slight tingly feeling.
skin looks cleaner and brighter instantly.
it makes my complexion so much smoother
improved its appearance by giving it a glow
it has a nice tingle
makes my skin look refreshed
i wake up with a brighter complexion in the mornings
my face is smoother
balances the tone of my skin
my face looks flawless using this.
keeps me from looking shiny
i feel like it gives me a bit of a glow
my skin looked amazing
my skin appears brighter
skin immediately looked smoother
it maintains the fresh skin
without foundation my skin has this dewy
my face is smooth
i wake up with the most dewy skin.
however it makes my skin soo smooth
keeps me matte all day
it has a gel consistency that feels super lightweight on the skin
i loved the before creme that you put on before the mask it was an airy consistency that went into the skin nicely
my face did look more smooth
my skin feels smooth
cooling sensation was great
it has a nice cooling sensation
my skin looks brighter.
refreshing on my skin
my skin feels like its been missing a sense of plumpness
my face felt more contoured and revived.
how my skin looks
my skin looked amazing.
it lightened my face
wanted something to brighten up my skin
glowy my skin looked
after removing the product you have a beautiful shiny hidrate skin
it really makes my face brighter
my skin looked amazingly dewey
my face was noticeably smoother the next day.
it makes your skin look radiant and healthy.
woke up with wonderful glowing skin
i felt brighter and even refreshed after!
my skin seems so bright
this mask made my skin instantly look brighter with an even skin tone right when i took it off
i love how smooth my skin is after use
my skin was glowy
my skin looks so glowy
glowy when i was finished
can restore skin's natural color
the skin looks pure and clean.
smooth over your skin
it leaves your skin smooth
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
it left my skin with a glowing look.
it also softens the skin and evens the texture.
it transforms to this “water”-like sensation
supple it felt plumped
after applying my skin looks radiant
makes my skin look radiant
this is a lightweight water cream that helps boost your skin's softness
this makes my face so smooth
my skin is perfectly balanced
it makes my skin look
it .the design is so gorgeous .so beautiful .
it looks like a cream
my skin is so much smoother
gives it a healthy glow
my skin is flawless
her skin does look a lot fresher if that makes sense
my skin looks better than ever
my skin has gotten smoother
the texture is amazingly light
my face has a little bit of a gloss going on
it makes my makeup look smooth
gives skin a moist look
which is a super smooth
my skin looks plumped
the texture is beautiful as well.
it breaks into a beautiful water like texture
feels great and makes my skin glow!
goes on my skin light
it helps makeup glide on smoother.
the texture is amazing
the texture is very unique because it feels kind of thick
my skin looked noticeably smoother
my skin looks smoother and my pores look smaller.
my skin feels soft and velvety.
my skin feels like silk.
just amazing glowing skin
the water cream has a thinner consistency
makes my skin feel so smooth
this cream satisfies my tricky skin.
brings your skin back to life!!!
the tatcha side was noticeably smoother
the packaging is stunningly delicate
leaves me with such a smooth surface
i love how weightless it is
my face is smoother as my pores have become visibly smaller
my face has a glow
this leaves my skin feeling amazing silky
my skin feels plump and smooth after using this.
my face feels smoother.
mattifying while still imparting a subtle glow
my skin looked pretty radiant with this on
my skin looks flawless
the texture is also really cool!
very refreshing and dries to a natural finish.
not matte or shiny.
it makes my skin look
brighten my dark circles
eyes look instantly brighter!
also brightens the eye area
this eye cream is awesome
my skin looks amazing
it definitely brightens my skin
perricone did a fabulous job making this cream super light
her skin looks smoother
she even looks more youthful
this product has made my skin brighten
it is more even clear and bright.
the serum is a white color and pretty runny.
as a primer after my spf during the day its a beautiful texture sinks right into my skin
my skin is supple after use
it was incredibly brightening on her
my skin looks brighter
it instantly brightens and plumps my skin.
my skin is brighter
my face looks super bright
gives an instant glow
the texture is incredible
glides wonderfully across the skin
my skin is absolutely radiant
makeup effortlessly while keeping my skin calm
it leaves your skin smooth
keeps my skin super fresh
leaves the skin with a glow
this mask was perfect
my skin was smoother
i felt the smoothness on my skin instantly.
supple after using this mask
leaves it with a matte-
-somehow-still-glowy finish
just the experience of applying this stuff is so weirdly satisfying because of its unique texture
the texture is incredibly smooth
texture which i can appreciate
i noticed my liquid foundation looked smoother
makes my fast prepped
creates a perfect smooth base for my foundation
this product has a very unique texture.
this helps to smooth my skin so wonderfully
my skin is smooth
makes my skin look glowy
my face looks glowy and dewey!!!
my skin looked better overnight.
for me this is the perfect glow
it gave my skin a beautiful glow.
it gives me a glow
my skin just looks better
i look more youthful
this product is very brightening
it's evened out my skin tone
the eye cream feels so smooth and cooling.
feels like silky heaven massaging into my skin
truly creates a hydrated softness with no irritation whatsoever
the texture of this was different
- makes skin feel soft- makes skin appear brighter
it makes you feel glowy
this oil gives you a gorgeous
youthful glow from within look
noticed a more even skin tone
my skin is brighter
commented on how "bouncy" my skin looks
my skin texture looks even overall now
my skin looks brighter and healthier.
it gives my skin a gorgeous glow
it gives me an instant glow
gives it a beautiful glow
this product leaves my skin looking so beautiful
gave my skin a really nice glow
my skin feels so smooth
it makes my skin look so bright
makes it so smooth
it confident in a cream
there my favorite cream works amazing with my skin tile
it seems to have made my skin feel smoother
my skin is softer, brighter and supple.
it keeps my skin so smooth
texture of my skin tremendously
this product has a great air whipped texture
i felt like it smoothed
this mask is about restore the skin to a more harmonious state
the mineral rich clay composition is vital in skin vitality
i feel like i am seeing a smoother lid
the fine lines become smoother
the texture is so gentle
t added a nice brightness before adding my eye cream
brightness that wasn't there before
love the texture feel
this is an amazing facial oil.
luxurious texture that i've ever experienced
glowing my skin is after using this
my skin was already brighter
bright like this one
fine wrinkles under my eyes seem plumper
i'd say it's made my eyelashes fuller
my eyes look noticeably refreshed and brightened.
definitely think my orbital area is a bit more radiant
it comes out in a light pink color
leaves the skin around my eyes ageless
it glides on smooth and is non-irritating.
the skin under my eyes is noticeably more supple
i definitely see that my under eyes look brighter
skin looks brighter and more even immediately.
its a great eye cream
tone of the extremely dry skin around my eyes has greatly improved
i felt like my skin was brighter.
my wrinkles look smoother and my eyes less tired.
it's texture is perfect
this eye serum is making my eyebrows thicker
my eyes look smoother
this eye cream is smoothly applied
in combination with bareminerals brilliant future eye cream
has a satisfying tingle sensation
2 minutes and instantly brighter skin.
use because it leaves your skin looking glowing
makes my skin look
my skin is so bright
my face feels perfectly balanced
which is a great product if you like a very very moisturizes/glowy face
my skin looks 800x better when i wake up
my skin does appear to be brighter with continued use
i found that it had a very pleasant texture foamed up nicely
bouncy after patting it dry
gentle on eye makeup and skin.
has helped my texturized skin
my skin looks great
it's made my complexion really nice
all my pics look flawless
combined with the toner, my skin feels fantastic.
my face is glowing.
i appreciate the texture
it adds a wonderful brightening effect to your under eyes
so far i am loving this eye cream definitely exudes a nice natural glow
my face over all looks brighter
glowy his skin was after
my skin was glowing
helps with texture too
this mask leaves my skin glowing!
really great almost scary pearly blue color.
shiny it gave me the best glowing forehead
it also comes in a fun, pearlescent blue color.
has a pleasant warm + tingle when first applied
my face looks glowing
has an awesome metallic blue color
i do feel like my skin is smoother after using.
the mask really is that vibrant of a blue!
fresh healthy glow like effect
tingly on the skin
it brightened me up quite a bit
i've never seen my skin so bright
woke up with beautifully smooth skin
it gives you a healthy glow up
skin is very smooth after use
the texture of my face was smoother
texture has definitely improved.
it was smooth on the skin
my skin is extremely smooth & looks great.
my cheeks were rosy and my complexion glowed.
after i rinsed the complexion of my skin was so smooth
the product itself is amazing it left my skin smooth soft like a baby's bottom
it left my skin smooth, clear, and glowing!!
that's all it takes for fresher skin!
the texture was light
made my face feel so much smoother
i feel my skin suppler
the gel texture is is a nice touch
it really gives a lovely thick lather
my skin after the yellow is luminous.
the blue mask is so refreshing!
the texture of this is very lightweight
is really smooth on the skin
it brightens up your skin
this one gives a slight tingle
my skin looks clearer
the blue mask feels so amazing on the skin!
the mask gives my skin the same feeling as the glam glow clearing mask which is a light burning feel
my skin is smooth
make it much more evenly toned
my skin is already glowing
my skin felt and looked glowy.
it felt a bit cakey at first
my skin looked dewy and refreshed.
made my skin look clear
next morning my skin looks amazing
i like my skin to be super smooth
i do feel like my skin is brighter
my skin looked fresh
my skin looked bright and healthy!
it really brightened my skin
gave it such a nice glow
my skin become so bright
radiant after using it
gives my skin a nice glow
doesn't feel as heavy in texture to the rose one from fresh
it leaves the skin silky smooth after cleansing
my skin is smooth
glowy without the oily look
my skin has never looked brighter
the texture super smoothe
radiance your skin will love
it instantly makes your face look younger
can't wait to use it with the vibrancy mask
it just gives my face the look of liveliness
i enjoy wearing matte foundation
apply with a light touch and enjoy :)
not only is this texture light
silky smooth gel texture
my skin has never, ever felt softer and smoother.
this mask make my skin velvety soft
it's made my face so much brighter
gives it have a thicker gel consistency which makes it easier to scoop
in the morning everything looks bright
my skin is glowing like i just got a $1000 facial
my skin is glowing
i felt like my skin was glowing
my foundation glided on beautifully
after using, the texture of my skin is amazing.
the watermelon mask really has made a delightful difference in my skin tone
smooth skin is what this mask will give you
loved how dewy my skin looked
makes my skin super smooth
i woke up with a radiant glow.
wake up with bouncy
my skin looked refreshed and plump the next day.
it leaves my skin so smooth
it is so smooth
after applying the mask i was thrilled to discover the velvety finish it left on my skin
radiant my skin looked the next morning
i wake up to the most beautiful skin
also the mask makes my skin feel refresh
i wake up with a smoother
it is silky smooth when applied
it is noticeably brighter
it helps to keep your skin looking beautiful
leaves my skin plump
my skin feels smoother
i struggle with texture
it is light and and smooth.
this mask feels so luxurious.
i do feel a difference in the texture of my skin
it leaves my skin even, tamed and bouncy.
my skin is flawless
looked brighter than ever
it makes my skin glow
my skin looked super dewy
my skin looked smooth
glowing skin after just one use
the way it leaves my skin glowing in the morning
looked taut like i had botox or something
the consistency feels like a gel
my complexion would be dull
the texture is amazing
my skin look much smoother
this was super brightening
overall younger looking skin.
face looks indeed brighter
my skin tone looks more even
my skin just overall looks smoother
now my skin feels much smoother
seem to blend into my skin more naturally
skin tone more even
my face seems more supple
i've had many compliments on how radiant my skin has looked
it gives me a beautiful glow
makes my skin care routine look even better
the texture of my skin feels healthier
my complexion is so much better
it looks like a bad contour application
i visibly notice that it's smoother
my skin looks brighter
its actually improving the texture
then this brightening essence right after
my skin is brighter
my skin looks smoother
the texture is great
i also love the sleek
my skin looks nice
my skin looks more even and has a nice texture!
it is a bit more plump
my skin looked dull before
it is much smoother and firmer.
my face looks worn
t has a nice beautiful radiant glow
my skin glows and i always get compliments.
i enjoy this so much absorbs into my skin easily silky to the touch
it instantly makes my face radiant.
smooth your skin instantly
it leaves my skin feeling toned
my skin is brighter, clearer and firmer.
my face is completely smooth now!
my face seems brighter
i've also noticed a more evenly toned complexion with less fine lines
brighter for whole face
quite easy to get blemishes from products
my skin looks firmer
my skin looks much smoother
just looked like aging skin
had uneven skin tone
my skin was brighter
my skin is very even toned
my skin looks years younger
evens out texture of skin
makes my skin even and glow.
it makes my skin glow.
i believe that it brings a glow to my skin
brighter complexion after long term regular usage
it's light and feels fresh and smooth.
has helped my complexion a ton
definitely makes my skin feel smoother
keeps my skin clear
i started noticing that my skin is supple
my skin is just glowing
the glow is gone
my skin appears vibrant, healthy.
i love the texture, smooth, non-sticky.
my skin looks great
my skin is brighter
glowy and radiant and so soft.
it instantly gives my face a healthy glow
my skin looks smooth
my skin is smooth
helped smooth my wrinkles
gives my face a much smoother appearance
my skin is glowing
look much more vibrant
i immediately noticed my radiance was back
feels so so smooth
overall i look at my skin
it gives my skin a rich
better softer with less noticeable wrinkles
it looked fuller and my skin glowed.
my skin looks great.
it makes my skin look and feel perfect.
my skin just glows from this cream!
my skin is smoother
it leaves my skin nice and plump looking.
it is the same texture as a regular face cream
texture is more even
it has a lightweight gel consistency that feels very smooth
refreshing on the skin
the type to have glowing skin
it's such an effortless mask
really does plump the skin
glowy in the morning
makes it looks youthful
it makes my lips look young
it makes them smoother
it makes my lips plumper.
plump i use this during the day to make my lips look glossy
it's silky and glossy in texture.
it makes lipstick apply nicer
supple most of the day
it goes on smooth feels soft
it glides on smoothly
makes your lips so smooth!!!
the feel is like a thick lip gloss.
it transforms the look and feel of your lips!
it also gives my lips a bit of a plump.
this has helped so much my lips feel plumper
liquid lippies go on so much prettier
makes my lips feel nice
like my lips actually look more plump
my lips are perfectly plump, pinker and smoother!
i absolutely love the texture of this lip mask!
so smooth and kind of plump my lips!
my lips look great
they still look smooth
i am very happy with results my lips do look fuller
my lips felt smooth
my lips look fabulous
lipstick goes on so much smoother now
it looks like lip gloss
even look more plump
wake up to beautifully soft lips
the consistency is a bit sticky
my lips feels and look great.
i can be so confident to apply matte lipstick:
keeps my lips nice
smooth lips the next day
my lips are so smooth
my lips look amazing
my lips are baby smooth 24/7.
this one has done a wonderful job of soothing my lips
and it looks nice on your lips!
feel of this stuff is like a thick lip gloss
soft-looking natural pink color that lasts
it's texture is like a thicker lip balm
while on it gives a pink shine/glow to your lips
it makes my skin look smoother
it made my skin soft and velvety.
goes on super smooth
my skin looks amazing
it's has this glow
gives me a nice glow!
it's a thicker looking consistency
with a natural dewy finish
this is very calming
it goes on smooth
even had a nice glow
makes my skin look nice
with a light layer, it's perfect for summer.
it helps balance my skin
the product itself is a neat texture almost like a gel
the cream's texture is smooth and soothing.
my skin feels baby smooth in the morning.
it has improved my texture by smoothing it out
is the perfect texture for my skin
i wake up with soft, fresh, & glowy skin.
i like the texture a lot
goes on super smooth
my skin is much smoother.
supple throughout the day
wanted to feel a little brighter.
as it made my foundation appear a bit cakey
the texture is smooth
creamy which makes it easy to apply
my skin is clear, smooth, and glowing.
the consistency is quite thick
it looks like a very thick whipped cream.
in the morning my skin is supple
it is an awesome texture that is great for nighttime or daytime
the cream itself is a lovely consistency
it has a thicker consistency
gives me skin a healthy look
the texture was nice
my skin is more balanced
although it's thick in texture
my skin feels smooth
leaves me with a perfect summer dewy look.
it's supple enough to be lightweight
it was light and cool.
it has a smooth texture that makes it easy to absorb into the skin
feels airy on the skin
i love how bright blue it is
it glides on smoothly
i've seen my skin glowing
the oil has a super smooth texture
leaves my skin smooth
has cleared up so much texture on my skin
it really does make your skin look brighter
i wake up with soft glowy beautiful skin
refining my skin texture
once you smooth it into the skin
so light bit makes your skin plump
great for combo skin.
the texture is lightweight
love the smoothness that the cupuacu
it has very unique texture
it gives such a gorgeous glow
makes the skin feel so supple
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
the color of the product
i feel more radiant
loved the way my skin glowed afterwards.
i noticed a few days ago that my skin looked incredibly radiant
i can see the radiance
it does give a nice glow
my darker ones have lightened
it was brighter and cleaner.
the marks looked lighter.
my skin looked fresh
leaves my skin bright
my skin looks great after using this mask
brighter after one use
i definitely notice my skin to be slightly brightened
my skin was noticeably brighter
it's a clay-like consistency
my skin was more vibrant
i definitely notice that my skin is brighter
my skin appears brighter
my skin just looks so radiant
my uneven skin tone is more even
my skin is overall brighter
my skin was brightened all over
my face seemed brighter overall too.
love how this is less than glam glow by the way!
noticed the beautiful glow rite after one use 4 star is the price would have done 5
anyways i love the color texture
my face feels so smooth and looks bright.
i feel my skin feels more supple
still does have a slightly cool sensation
it has a beautiful color
my skin is smoother
left my skin smooth
it also gave my skin a healthy glow.
my skin seems clearer and brighter.
not only was my skin left beaming with such a healthy glow
left my skin dewy and bright.
amazing, made my skin feel so smooth.
i received a beautiful glow after 15 minutes of mask
it really blended to my skin tone
it gives me glowy skin
it perfects my skin's imperfections
it also leaves me with a dewy glow that i adore
this just brightens up my whole face in 1 bottle
the texture is great
a slight tint for color correction, check.
it covers my face beautifully with a soft
it does even out my complexion
gives my face a healthy glow
i love the thicker texture of the cream.
the skin tint matches to my skin perfectly
gives my translucent skin a beautiful sun- kissed glow
gives it a nice glow
adapts to each skin tone
love how i instantly saw my skin brighter
feels refreshing while applying
beautiful slight luminosity with a light-as-air feel
blends like a dream just with fingers
the light shade matched my skin tone absolutely perfectly
has good coverage without looking cakey
evens out the tone of my skin
the "light" tone is perfect
makes my skin tone glow in the most beautiful natural way
the tan shade just made it
please add darker tones!
i ended up blending two colors to get my perfect shade
matches well to my skin tone
medium to make a color that matched my skin tone
not greasy which is what glossier feels like
has a matte finish that holds up nicely through a day of heat
four colors isn't a wide enough range to fit many skin tones
really smoothed out my skin
i do think my skin looked a little smoother
helped with the texture
i noticed my skin looked a little brighter as well
it appears more radiant & smooth.
my skin was smoother
my make up looked better since my skin was so radiant
it also made my skin look more radiant
smoothen their dull skin
smoother the nextday after applying it
my skin looked brighter
my skin seems to have a glow to it
under my eyes looks healthier
left a very dewy look
my skin looks more glowy and feels firmer.
my skin was instantly more radiant after my first use of the double serum
my face normally is dull with an uneven skin tone
vibrant it made my skin look
it made my skin glowy and healthy looking.
my makeup seems to be going on smoother
my skin more smoother
my skin was glowing
this dual formula serum works to make your skin smoother
have noticed a glow to my skin
i noticed my skin was softer and smoother.
my skin felt smooth
overall makes my skin feel plumper
overall this is a nice product that makes my dry skin feel nicer
i wake up looking fresher
seemed to be more even toned
it leaves my skin perfect
my skin glowed during my trial.
my skin also seemed plumper while using
i did notice brighter skin
helped even out my reddish skin tone on my cheeks
more like a smooth dry
this made it beautiful
my skin seemed to be brighter
it definitely evens out your skin tone
made my skin so smooth.
my skin looked more radiant
this double serum is supposed to give you smoother
my combination skin feels glorious — soft
my skin was brighter
glowing after using this
yes my skin does feel smoother
my skin is so much smoother.
my skin actually looks smoother
my skin feels softer and more refined looking.
my skin looks brighter.
so far my skin has been mkr radiant looking
also my skin looks radiant
i woke up with my skin looking super dewy
it leaves my skin glowy
my face is smoother
my skin gets a dull tone to it
my skin is brighter
my skin is brighter
it made my skin feel finer
applied it leaves your skin silky smoothe
i think my skin looks slightly brighter after using it
i feel like i have a more uniform skin tone
my skin looks brighter, feels softer and healthy.
it also created a flawless surface for my makeup
i almost immediately noticed a much smoother texture to my skin
anti wrinkle aspects of this eye cream not the brightening
i wake up with glowing skin
the product itself has brightened my skin up
how bright it looked
my skin instantly looked more glow-like
looks amazingly radiant on
my skin is visibly softer and plumper!
already notice a smoothness to my skin
my skin had an improved glow
after my 10 days my skin is brighter
my neck looks firmer
my forehead with those lovely 11'evens are looking smoother
gorgeous on my skin.
my skin is plump and has this gorgeous glow.
my face is so smooth.
it has restored my skin to it's normal wonderful self
my skin started to feel this awesome cooling sensation
it has more refreshing texture
my complexion is smoother
it plumps my skin and sits nicely under make up.
it immediately felt smoother
overall your skin just looks healthier
i definitely have healthier looking skin
this mask makes my skin so smooth
it helps my other skin care items work better as well as brightening my skin
my skin texture is more even
i look more glowy after i use it.
evened out skin tone
thanks volition beauty for making me a believer that even girls with the toughest skin can look radiant everyday
i notice the next my skin looks brighter
lots of compliments on my glowing skin
my skin also looks brighter and fresh!
makes my skin clearer after use
it transformed my skin from dull
vibrant my skin feels
this mask gives such a beautiful healthy glow to the skin
this mask has transformed my skin!
face now has a glow
my skin feels plump
my skin feels so smooth
it made my skin appear smoother
i've noticed my skin has a glowing
luminous glow that lasts all day
foundation glides on smoothly
after using this amazing oceane youth-boost gel compliments of volition beauty my complexion looks better than ever
this wonderful gel has brightened my skin tone
it brightens ans smooths my skin without making it feel greasy
the texture is so silky
it helps to depuff my eyes
it also looks bright
luminous in a lifelike way
it creates the perfect canvas for smooth makeup
my makeup smooths over my skin so amazingly
my skin does appear more youthful
it leaves my skin plump and ready for makeup.
my skin feels radiant
it's jelly texture glides on effortlessly.
it makes my shadow blend like a dream in the mornings
this eye gel helps brighten them up
the consistency and the color are lovely as well.
it dries fast with a reassuring mild tautness that tells me it's working
blurring product to smooth under your eyes
it's a gel like consistency
it glides on so smoothly
it makes my eye area so smooth
it's so silky and light.
this really blurs your fine lines
it has really restored my youthful glow
it definitely makes my concealer go on a lot smoother
feeling firmer with less visible wrinkles
my skin is clearer
the cream was a nice consistency
all i can say is it is silky smooth
it leaves my skin smooth
luxurious on my skin
now my skin is clear and radiant.
you just have the most radiant skin
skin tone and texture has evened out.
makes my skin glow
it also makes the eye area look dewy and pretty.
just wonderful eye cream overall.
an excellent eye cream overall.
smooths/brightens enough to look fresh before a day out
super fine and silky smooth clay mask.
it leaves my skin smoother with even complexion.
it tingles a bit but it does wonders for my skin!
décolleté for a glowy summer look
helps my foundation not look cakey
keeps me skin clear
this cleaner is very gentle.
gives you a subtle dewy glow
got much more smooth
i love how it makes the under eye look smoother
it truly plumps the skin.
it all lays beautifully under foundation
in a short time the tone of the skin looks more luminous❤️
makes the skin super smooth instantly
without any oiliness end it leaves my skin looking matt
my skin is glowing the rest of the day
leaves skin looking bright
it kind of tingles on your skin
my face always looks so smooth
bright after using this
the combo makes eye area look more plump
my skin feels smooth
it removes that skin texture there so my makeup looks so smooth
i always had perfect beautiful smooth clear skin until i turned 20
i like the texture of the product.
my texture has slowly
maybe even a little brighter
a lot of texture on my face
my concern was uneven skin texture
my complexion was significantly better
my skin was much smoother
it does even my skin's texture
it really looked like my skin was smoother
my skin is smoother
my skin was softer and more even-toned.
everyone's skin is different
wake up to beautiful soft
my skin's texture was a mess
my skin completely transformed
my makeup application looks much smoother
my skin is visibly smoother
has really transformed my skin
smoothed the rough texture on my skin
evens my overall skin tone
an overall more radiant skin
it made my skin smoother
it has given my skin a more youthful look.
my skin glows after using this product.
my skin feels visibly smoother the next day
i started having noticeably uneven skintone
more even skin tone
hyper pigmentation within 1-2 uses which gives me peace of mind when my skin breaks out
my skin is a lot less textured
this formula definitely helps with skin radiance
mixes well with it to give me glowing skin in the morning
evened my skin texture out
i also felt my skin being more radiant/brighter
brightens red marks or spots
my skin is overall smoother
this one really make my face glow.
so can make your skin thinner
it keeps my skin looking bright
the difference in my skin's texture
my skin feels very soft, clear and radiant.
this changed the texture of my skin
i jabe noticed my skin getting brighter
i decided to try this to help with uneven texture
has given me a niiiice glow
leaves your skin smooth
glowing for your foundation
my skin looks so radiant
my complexion is even
my skin had a more refined look.
even my friends commented that my skin looked smoother
the texture of the night treatment is thin
generally improve skin tone
i also feel like its helping with the appearance of wrinkles
clear,beautiful, firmer skin.
improved the texture of my skin
makes my skin glow
it made my skin smoother
smoothened the next morning
smoothed my skin really nicely
has a nice matte finish.
my skin completely transformed
the cream goes on smoothly
makes my skin feels like silk
leaves your skin smooth
the texture is amazing
it goes on smooth
it feels so silky smooth on my skin
it really does feel nurturing and calms redness.
my skin is more glowy
my complexion has never looked brighter or better
love that it's a pinky color
my skin feels silky
it reminds me of a baby's skin.
i now have a more natural glow
this also leaves my skin fresh and smooth.
has really helped to brighten up my skin
leaves my skin with a perfect and smooth glow.
my skin looks so clear
you can feel the smoothness as it exfolliates!
i also tend to have a dull complexion
i wouldn't say it really brightened my complexion
skin is soft and smooth.
my face is noticeably brighter
my skin looks much healthier
keeps my skin looking bright
my skin feels and looks better.
it leaves my combo skin refreshed
now my skin is glowing.
it's the perfect boost for my skin
it keeps my skin bright and fresh!
it brightened my skin
makes my skin look fresh
the texture has improved
also gives a nice glow.
this combines both of those textures in one
my skin's texture is better too
one swipe and my skin feels refreshed!!!
skin feels clean and smooth and refreshed.
my makeup goes on smoother
it has made my skin more supple and smooth.
my skin feels smoother
my complexion has definitely improved
the combination makes my skin perfectly primed for makeup
it gives it a flawless finish
and this gives you a beautiful glow too.
makes my makeup look 10000x better!
it gives you a beautiful glow.
this helped my skin stay more matte throughout the day
skin appears smoother and even toned.
leaves the skin looking luminous
it's smoothed the texture of my skin
my skin is literally glowing!
evened out my skin tone
on my skin have lightened
my skin has become more radiant overall as well.
it always looks smooth
gives me a "natural glow
great texture and good absorption.
this really has brightened my skin
it gives you a glow, good for dry skin.
i found that it brightened my skin
i love that it also helps to minimize the appearance of pores while also helping with my uneven skin tone
texture is now far more balanced
always adds just the perfect amount of moisture to my skin making it smooth
my skin looks so plump, glowly and gorgeous!
that my freckles seemed lighter
lightweight and evens skin tone really well :)
this product makes my skin so smooth
plus this helps smooth all the little bumps.
texture on my cheeks
it really improved my texture after 3 months i'm not texture free
does wonders for texture issues.
wanted something lighter weight
it feels light and airy and absorbs quickly.
more radiant with morning
my skin looks super radiant- like i just got a facial
helps my makeup lay beautifully
refreshing my skin in the morning
leaves a nice glow on face when applied
my skin is brighter
i feel glowy after using this
my skin is now supple
it makes a noticeable difference in the brightness of my skin
my skin already looks so much brighter
my skin looks a little fuller
your skin looks a little shiny at first
my skin is glowing
also made me glow
my skin looks amazing !
my skin in glowing!
my skin is smoother
made my skin color look so much more even
from the aesthetic of the bottle to the wonders it does for your skin
my skin looks more glowy, clear and bright.
overall texture of my skin
this serum helps my skin brighter
it really does boost the elasticity of my skin
it has completely transformed my skin along with the invigorating night gel
definitely has helped bring my dull skin to life!
i've applied it after my clean/toned face
my makeup looked flawless and i was glowing!
my skin looks even
i started to get compliments on having a brighter complexion
the truth serum significantly brightened my face
this product really does make your skin glow
my overall skin tone looked healthier, too.
it lasts forever and makes your skin glow.
given me a clear complexion
they leave a beautiful glow on my skin
radiant skin that is not oily
my face is smooth and healthier than ever.
my skin went from dull to fresh!
it minimized my dark hyper-pigmentation giving me a noticeably clearer face
my skin is glowing and smoother!
my skin is glowing more radiant
i think my skin is brighter.
my complexion appears to be more even.
i did feel like my skin seemed brighter, though.
it brightens my face
this makes my skin completely glow
keeps my face bright
noticed that my skin was brighter
my face feels smoother
my face feels brighter
my skin always looks radiant
i can visibly see my skin looking more glowy just after a week
my skin feels smooth and looks radiant.
people have said my skin looks dewey or that i'm glowing
improved my skin tone
my face looks really bright
over time it has added to the brightness of my complexion
this helps my skin to be plump
i just look more radiant
it helps to put a glow on your face
good for combo skin
my complexion is brighter and smoother.
in the couple of months i've used it my complexion is brighter
my skin becomes illuminated under my makeup which gives me an overall glow
it works well on brightening the skin
my skin is noticeably brighter
i've noticed my skin glows
my face is incredibly smooth
makes my skin glow
my skin is gleaming!!!
clarity in my skin
when applied it is smooth
i feel this product does increase the radiance or brightness of my complexion while maintaining moisture without breakouts
this brightens and makes skin look refreshed.
it makes my skin feel smooth
it leaves your skin bright
so smoothing to my skin
his skin is so much smoother
my face looks brighter
uneven skin tone-all gone
i feel it does help my complexion look fresher with less break outs
this product brightens my skin
my skin looked smooth
made my skin glow and made me look alive
"dewy" my skin looks
my skin is smoother.
my makeup glides on beautifully.
my skin is so smooth
the texture is also great!
this is perfect for my skin
it helps my skin stay blemish free
my matte foundation is actually matte now
i love that it softens my face
improves the overall look of my complexion
works beautifully with my foundation
it glides on smoothly
does indeed dry matte
i also noticed that it leaves my skin looking nicely toned with smaller-appearing pores
it is a lightweight cream that glides on nicely
my skin already looks so much healthier
the texture is amazing
i like how the texture feels chunky
i wake up to smoother
more even toned skinl love
my skin feels smoother as well as looking smoother
the texture was greasy
smells great has helped my combination skin a bit pricy for the size of the tube
doesn't make my skin greasy keeps my face matte all day
keeps my skin matte
i've also noticed my skin looks much healthier.
it keeps my skin smooth
refreshing on my skin
it totally refreshes me
it feels dewy and smooth and nourishing.
chestnut helps your skin so much
keeps me shine free
gives subtle glow to my skin
it does make your complexion more radiant over night
my skin looks brighter
my skin looks fresher
my skin looks amazing
the creme feels a bit heavy
the heavy cream texture works amazingly on super dry skin
this cream has a very thick consistency
brightens your whole appearance
it's worth it to have glowing dewy skin vs dry dull flaky skin
that in combination with this fresh creme make my winter skin look fantastic
it has begun looking less radiant
it is a bit of an odd texture to work with- very waxy at first
face it glides on like
excellent for dry skin!!!
i love the glow and healthy texture on my face!
makes my skin glow whole day
my skin texture is amazing
you'll wake up with skin feeling supple
this cream is very waxy, and has a solid feel.
my skin looks fantastic
love that my skin looks supple
i texture is very think
it keeps my skin bright
in the morning my skin looks refreshed!
i still wake up with glowy skin.
this cream have a very different clay texture to it
yet it does give skin a lovely, subtle glow.
my skin is glowing
it feels smooth on the skin
love the suppleness it gives the skin there
makes my skin feel like velvet
this cream totally calms my skin
i like most the light almost whipped texture.
it softens skin nicely
i am left with smooth skin
feels very light-weight
makes my skin feel super smooth
glow after using this
gives my skin a dewy glow
makes it feel smooth
always makes it feel smooth
makes my skin beautiful
my skin seems smoother
i like the cream's texture
this makes my skin radiant
as the texture is similar
leaves velvety finish to the skin
and makeup goes on smoother.
made it feel very smooth
feels like whipped cream
my skin tone has always been uneven and dull.
truly believe that my skin's texture has become smoother
it goes on smoother
it moisturized my skin without making my face look shiny or greasy
it makes my skin look dewey without being shiny
overall my skin looks totally refreshed
has given me this wonderful glow
solid product that's a lot gentler than retin-a.
it looked like it had been airbrushed.
pore-reducing it will make your skin look too feminine
mproved my overall skin texture
my skin is so flawless
my skin has a flawless, even-tone now, love it!
i woke up to incredibly smooth skin
my overall skin tone is much more even .
my skin is radiant
my skin is smooth
makeup goes on smoother
skin is smoother and definetley more radiant!
the smoothness of my skin has gone away
will tell you this:- my skin tone has visibly improved
it's worked pretty well for my skin as far as smoothing out the texture
am noticing a gradual improvement in the texture of sun-damaged skin on my cheeks
my skin does feel more refined
my skin is brighter
gave it a glowy look
makes my skin smoother for wearing foundation
my skin is so smooth
i noticed my skin was smoother
after that my skin looks flawless
my skin is noticeably smoother
beautiful skin every morning
with help me my skin is smoother
i am noticing my skin looks more even in tone
keeps my skin looking fresh.
this is a light cream that glides on
it felt brighter, lighter, smoother, and nicer.
have relatively smooth skin
my skin appears more luminous
i feel more confident and prettier.
i do think it helps give my face a more youthful glow
makes it look fresh
my skin also looks great and has a glow to it.
my undereyes are a muted plum color.
made it look brighter
very nice gel for eyes.
this gel does what it says: brightens the under eye area
my eyes look brighter
i love the refreshing tingly feel that it gives
pm for over a month now its only help with the smoothness puffiness
looks so much brighter
immediately i see the skin relaxing
smooth to skin around the eyes
it feels silky smooth
my eyes have an overall look of freshness
perfect combo that leaves skin fresh* and dewy!
this eye cream goes on smoothly
a little goes a long way for its lightweight texture
my eyes feel instantly revitalized
i could see my under eye area getting creamier looking
this has a great texture though
my eyes looked rejuvenated
this product feels so refreshing on the skin.
the gel leaves a nice glow
it is soothing and brightening.
it is very smooth
it feels so velvety going on.
my skin is smooth
thank you fresh for making my complexion "fresh" again
this mask is about restore the skin to a more harmonious state
the mineral rich clay composition is vital in skin vitality
my skin looks so clear
this makes it feel smoother after using
the blemishes looked noticeably smaller
my skin looks more toned
still it is a wonderful mask to make your skin look healthy
my skin is significantly more radiant
makes your skin look
improves your skin overall
your skin will be glorious
it goes on smooth
makes your skin feel beautiful
my skin gets clearer
it made my skin feel smooth
i've used the glam glow mask before
it makes my skin brighter
the texture was nice
see if my complexion gets better
it has made my skin flawless
my skin looked brighter after the first application
i could see my skin looked smooth
this really seemed to calm both the oiliness
my face felt smooth and refreshed.
an added bonus is that even though it is a pale green color
my skin was smooth
this automatically made my face look brighter
my skin feels overall smoother and cleaner.
this mask made my skin look amazing!
fresh glow that made me look like i just received a facial at a spa
this mask left my skin silky smooth
this mask left my skin smooth
the texture is very smooth
my skin felt smooth and refreshed.
this mask has brightened my complexion
made my skin even brighter
the texture is even
evened out my skin tone
my skin looks fresh
keeps my skin really even toned
your skin will be transformed
perfect for oily skin!
did make my skin appear smoother
skin does feel & look youthful.
makes my skin feels smooth after applying it
it also leaves a nice "glow" to the skin.
it has a nice glow to it, feels soft.
my skin looks more youthful everyday!
my skin has a wonderful youthful glow
it keeps my face smooth
it is a nice satin finish
cleared my complexion immensely
the skin looks radiant with a satin finish
it also gave me a dewy look which worked very well with my mineral foundation
supple throughout the day
it really gives my skin a dewy fresh look with nice coverage
my skin looks better than ever.
gives your skin a fresh glow
my skin glows more
her skin looks flawless
then leaves me silky smooth all day
adds a faint glow to my skin
it makes my face so smooth
i wear this under bareescentuals matte foundation
i love what it does to my skin by leaving it radiant
its light yet smoothing and smells fabulous.
the consistency is thin
my skin already looks clearer
felt supple after using it
my skin looks great
it's also super amazing combined with the gentle buffing cream
leaves my skin balanced
felt like very smooth
this makes my skin look smooth
the brightening is subtle
it leaves my akin super smooth and soft!
feels silky smooth on your skin
i felt my skin textures has al
my skin feels fabulous after using it
my routine is effortless now
this is product keeps my skin balanced
makes my skin velvety smooth when i rinse it off
soft, clean, fresh, youthful skin!
an even toned complexion
keeps my skin clear with minimal to no blemishes!
feels like it calms my skin.
my skin is glowing after use.
my skin tone is definitely improving
makes my skin feel amazing
evened out my complexion
smooth after i use it
it leaves a noticeable glow
it is clear in color
leaves my face very smooth and silky.
and it feels so silky and luxurious.
the gel has the perfect consistency
velvety when you first put it on
literally my face looks shiny
the boscia clear complexion line did wonders for my skin
this complexion treatment is a snap to use
it also event out the skin tone
my skin was completely transformed
my skin felt smoother
love the texture.it absorbs very quick.
greatly improves texture and dryness.
this product will brighten your under eyes
it leaves my eyes soft and silky.
this eye cream is excellent.
this eye cream helps with fine lines
the product has a wonderful silky feel when applied to the eye area
i feel like my eye area is brighter
its a very silky gel like cream that goes on a little thick
actually i feel it's more like an eye gel-feels smooth
brightens my under eye area
perfect for my eyelids
was pleased with the texture
smooth the fine lines
this eye cream feels great
it definitely makes a difference in the firmness around your eyes
my eyes appear smoother
i feel my skin also looks healthier.
it does what it says: enlivens
this eye cream is wonderful.
this eye cream really gives me an awake look
perfect for the delicate skin around our eyes
this treatment brightens up my eye area
makes my skin smooth
i really like the texture.
too much moisture or too much richness would make my eyes puffy
very creamy, a little goes a long way.
it leaves my under eye area feeling so silky smooth
i like the consistency of this eye cream.
the gel texture is soothing and really nice.
this eye cream is fantastic.
the texture is pleasing
the texture is great
a a more youthful orbital eye
improved my skin tone
it's definitely brightening and smoothing though.
it keeps my face looking smooth
texture is a typical cream.
it mildly brighten my dullness
if you look for more brightening
the next day my skin looks bright
i noticed that my skin looks less dull
for women with uneven skin tone
this instantly makes your skin look brighter.
my skin just looks so much brighter
it made my skin smoother
my skin has absolutely lightened
leaving my skin looking dewy
i also believe the brightening claims as my skin tone seems more even
my dull/pigmented areas seem much improved after about a month of use
actually brightened my skin
i loved waking up with a glowing complexion!
diminished to a shade closer to my skin color
absorbs nicely and feels good.
my skin is brighter
it dries to a nice smooth finish.
i can see my skin brightening
somewhat brightens my skin
after 2 weeks use my skin tone is brighter
it feels great on, holds makeup, and brightens.
oily to having a beautiful healthy glow without makeup
it's also good for evening your skin tone
great job in brightening up my face
my skin looks so bright
smooth after using this
amazing quality, best brightening cream ever!
this product definitely brightens my skin
not with an oily glow
more like a healthy glow
giving you a little "glow"
i can tell a difference is my skin's luminosity.
it has a lovely consistency
my skin tone was uneven
this cream is amazing it makes my skin dewy
does brighten and does some firming too, love it!
it honestly does brighten your skin
it has made my skin so much brighter
makes my skin so smooth.
i don't know what brightens my skin more
my skin has been smooth
feels like velvet on
my face always seems radiant
it gives my face a nice glow
it does give a little oily texture
my complexion definitely got brighter from the tanned state
my complexion seems more uniform.
it make my face more brighter !!!
leaves my skin a bit shiny
t keeps my skin at the perfect balance
so calming and gentle to the skin.
my skin looks more relaxed and fresh.
it gives my skin a perfect
everyone's skin is different
my skin is so smooth and feels and looks amazing.
this product really made my skin look refreshed after using it
my skin felt smooth
it makes your skin feel so silky smooth
a little peeling is good
keeps my skin pretty clear & even tone.
it doesn't add to it which is big with my pale skin
leaves skin so smooth.
to any of you with rosy complexions that are paired with oily
cheeks that make it look like i'm wearing blush all the time
it has also greatly improved the texture of my skin
making it feel smooth
definitely calms my skin
i've always had ruddy skin
it keeps my skin looking flawless all day
my skin looked younger
my skin is noticeably smoother
improve the softness of your skin
after the first week my complexion was brighter
works great and helps tone and firm my face.
my skin feels smoother already.
my skin stays a little brighter than it normally would
my skin looks fresher
it evens out my skin tone
how smooth his skin feels
skin seems tighter and move even in color.
he says his skin feels smoother
gives my skin a nice glow
my skin looks brighter, and feels smoother.
my complexion is slightly more even
this product makes the skin look younger
my skin feels rejuvenated
skin is now brighter
it does a good job on my inner cheeks
friends even noticed my skin looked smoother
it definitely makes my pores look smaller
irritable skin already looks flawless
my skin is much smoother
it makes my skin smoother
although my complexion is pretty clear
my skin felt smoother
gives the face a healthy glow
my skin is smoother
my face looks so smooth
the surface of my face is smoother
evens out the skin tone
picture porefect is not perfect
make my skin look fresher
it keeps my skin in great shape
i prefer picture porefect over the iconic oceight
my skin looks smoother after just a few uses
provides a more polished appearance for my large pores
also overall smoothness of skin .
the toner is a nice touch
my complexion looks younger
with continued use my skin looked flawless
this seemed to help smooth my skin out
the product has a very silky feeling.
it also tingles a little
my complexion has improved
), and my skin texture is much smoother.
it has transformed my skin.
this amazing cream leaves my skin comfortable
my skin never looks shiny
because i needed a little color.
my face feels smooth and looks radiant!
my sensative skin feels soothed and lush.
the texture of this cream is great -- it feels very rich
my skin has brightened
blemish prone skin looks fabulous at last
smooth both to the touch
this seemed really soothing
whatever that tingling does leaves my skin smooth
airy feeling on face
it goes on smooth
my skin looks dewy
this is a very nice eye cream.
overall, this is a good eye cream.
it can look unnatural
keeps the undereye area bright
also, color of the year!
it really lightens under eye
it goes on smooth
brightens it as well
it makes my eyes look fabulous
my skin tone lightens and tightens.
it has balanced and helped clear my skin.
it just sort of glides a bit
very calming and excellent for oily skin.
my skin feels smoother
my skin looks brighter
smoother with little to no irritation
my skin just feels so smooth
my skin looks and feels amazing.
my skin is smooth
it improved my skins appearance so much
my skin feels so smooth
it also appears to work very nicely on blemishes.
has given me a beautiful glow
it leaves my skin suuuuper smooth
makes my skin glow
leaves my skin soft and with a glow.
it makes my skin smooth
my skin looks more even
my skin feels so smooth
this bar absolutely makes my skin glow!
my skin has never looked more brighter
even feels much much smoother
makes my skin glow
evens out my skin tone
it works perfectly with my skin!
it is so calming
clarity of my skin after one wash
radiant after using this
my skin is balanced and glowing.
it leaves my skin smooth
it makes my skin glow
my face looks radiant!
this product is perfectly gentle
it tones my skin
my skin looked brighter
my skin always looks bright
my texture is smooth
this product is so gentle it doesn't make my face look blotchy at all
made my skin very smooth
left my skin super smooth
dupe for glam glow
you're left with a nice cooling sensation
my skin feels immediately smoother
the cooling sensation is a bit strong
much like glam glow
i felt the smoothness of the cleanse for the next few days
it leaves your face super smooth
your face will look funny in orange/clay color
the texture is very soft reddish clay
i've tried so many masks from glam glow
my skin is more matte
smooth like baby's bottom
leaves my husband face smooth and soft.
even liked the tingly
it does tingle somewhat
smells good and makes skin matte and dewy.
his face is smoother than ever
the face starts to tingle
more healthy looking skin
makes my skin nice and smooth.
my skin is still supple.
it makes my skin so smooth
the creamy texture helps soothe your skin.
it makes your skin look matte
radiant while providing intense moisture
i also think that my skin looks brighter
leaves a nice dewy finish
my skin feels healthier
it makes your face like silk
is even more soothing
this product has a really nice milky texture
it is perfect for calming 'upset' skin
it leaves skin dewy
it is perfect for my combination skin
also so much smoother
it keeps my skin matte all day
it works amazing an it perfect for a matte lip with gloss or lipstick
my skin looked amazing
i say follow up with the glam glow dreamduo
leaves a nice glow, perfect under foundation!
this is a beautiful matte glow that is nonchalant
this is perfect for my combo skin
it adds a beautiful glow without looking greasy or becoming greasy later in the day
this is so silky smooth
it's creamy but absorbs quickly and feels light.
keeps my skin radiant throughout the work day!
it stays matte all day.
i see a nice glow even after my setting powder
it's gives a great matte luminous look which i love
silky smooth with a dreamy matte finish
it's matte with a glow from within.
my skin stays pretty matte
makes your skin look divine
i really like the texture
really is a matte glow
it keeps my skin nice and matte, yet soft.
my favorite part is the matte finish.
it doesn't make me completely matte
make your makeup look incredibly smooth
polished on makeup days
my makeup looks smoother
i feel like my skin is tighter and healthier.
keeps it matte the whole day
best of all leaves a matte finish
a matte finish lasts all day long
my skin tone looks amazing after using this
my skin looks flawless
dry skin stays the perfect even texture all day
the consistency is thicker
gave my skin a beautiful finish
glam glow has done it again!
keeps my skin nice
makeup glides on top of it quite nicely
its leaves the skin a like tacky
my makeup looks seamless
leaves a nice velvety finish
it feels like velvet
my skin looked amazing
reminds me of the becca ever-matte primer
it leaves my skin with a really matte finish
gives my skin a super healthy glow.
this makes my skin look plump
it's very complimenting on the skin!
for my women of color.
it worked its magic to where i was matte
while leaving behind a gorgeous healthy looking glow
it keeps me relatively matte
i normally have pretty normal to dry skin so luminosity is always a go
my skin looks younger and cleaner.
made my skin glow
my skin is so bright
gives my skin a nice
healthy glow without making me look like a greasy freak
gives off a nice bright glow to the natural face
my skin is softer and brighter.
it adds a nice pretty glow.
just soft, smooth, glowing skin.
it is very gentle, gives you a glowy look.
it also leaves your with a nice dewy glow
this serum definitely improved my uneven complextion
my skin has a more even texture
my skin looks bright and healthy.
the texture is smooth
wow just wowowowowowow my dark circles got lighter my skin is 200 times smoother
it gives my skin such a beautiful glow
helps even my skin tone
my skin looks amazing
leaves my skin feeling very silky and smooth.
it feels much smoother
my skin was luminous
my skin looks healthy
my skin is practically flawless now
this brightens and smooths skin!
it makes my skin look flawless
evened out my skintone
it just leaves me with the perfect radiant glow
i noticed my skin is now glowing
my skin looks so radiant
and my skin is glowing.
my face feels smooth
it definitely made my skin look beautiful.
leaves my skin smooth
they went from a very dark blueish purple color to a more flesh color now which is easier to cover with makeup now
this leaves my skin very radiant.
my skin seems to glow
be more even toned than it was with different serums
my skin just glows whenever i use it.
my face had a beautiful glowy
it gave my face a youthful
beautiful my skin is
creates an even skin tone
my skin is so smooth
i can clearly feel the skin improves in radiance
it has also completely rejuvenated the texture of my skin making it soft
it is more radiant
really has improved my complexion
correcting my skin color
the uneven tone around my hairline is smoothed out
my skin looks more radiant
it feels so much smoother
gives my skin a great glow
my skin is brighter and even.
has smoothed my skin
brightened my face up
it really helped with my texture
my skin feels so smooth
my skin looks so nice & smooth.
my skins looking great
my skin is noticeably different
night switching between my josie maran surreal skin arguably finishing balm
my whole face also feels smoother
i've noticed that my skin is more radiant
has made my complexion more even
my face more radiant
my dry skin has been glowing
makes your skin glow like no other
it made my skin looked glow.
this serum has a gorgeous velvety texture that sinks in leaving my skin feeling supple
even your skintone over night
i definitely see an instant dewy glow every morning
my skin become more smooth
it defiantly brightens your complexion
this keeps my complexion bright + even
makes skin look perfect
i really like that my skin gets bright and firm.
this definitely gave my skin a radiant glow.
it makes my skin appear brighter
i find it make my skin so smooth
my face is definitely brighter
it evened my overall skin tone.
skin is smooth n refreshed
i started having texture on my cheeks
my skin is as beautiful
it left my skin smooth, soft, and glowing.
makes your skin gorgeous
my nose is smooth
it makes my face look bright!
everytime i clean my face with this it makes my skin smoother
was definitely lackluster in texture
my skin is glowing.
my skin is clear and looks radiant
makes my face feel smoother
brightens the skin very nicely.
it keeps my skin soft and bright!
my skin has a radiant
made it absolutely glow
my skin looks cleaner
making it look bright
gives a smooth base for foundation
it makes your skin so smooth
my skin looks tighter
my skin feels smooth
texture of my skin dramatically
leaves your skin smooth
my skin is bright and healthy looking.
my skin looks amazing
my skin feels silky smooth and clean after use.
make my skin look bright
leaves my skin soft and smooth.
my skin is smooth
leaves skin smooth and extremely clean.
my skin ad a luster to it
combination skin that combines with an exhausting schedule to make for dark smudge marks under my eyes
had my doubts about clarins promises for their eye contour gel
my eyes look much flatter!
this clarins eye contour gel truly is lightweight
feels wonderful, soothing, and really refreshing.
absolutely adore this eye contour gel
makes my eyes feel brighter
clarins eye contour gel is excellent.
it also helps to smooth out fine lines
it is soothing and absorbs very well.
the skin surrounding looks brighter
my eyes appear brighter, younger, and firmer!
the texture and feel is everything!
this cream keeps the delicate skin around my eyes looking
this luxurious cream glides on
this has a thin consistency
the texture is so light
my eye area is truly smoother
i noticed that my eyes looked brighter
my skin looks so fresh
wasn't quite as smoothing
skin is generally looking a little brighter
very happy with this eye cream
this eye cream proves it.
gives a nice brightening effect to the entire eye area
this cream heps smooth the under eye of fine lines
clarins makes the perfect eye treatment.
if your eyes look puffy
smells great, feels good, noticeably better skin.
my eye area looks brighter
this eye cream goes on smoothly and inviisably.
glossed look or on my cheeks as an illuminator
it makes my makeup look flawless
leaves a velvety finish in skin.
gives me a pretty glow without upsetting the delicate balance in my skin
it makes my skin look retouched
it makes everything so smooth.
give my makeup a luminous glow to it
it leaves my skin smooth
lets my makeup glide on smoothly
paired with laura mercier translucent setting powder my makeup was bulletproof
it looked like a healthy "went for a jog" glow rather than a "my makeup is melting" slick
i feel like it gives my face a nice glow
then glossier skin tint
i don't think it makes me look less tired or creates radiance
my skin is plump
it really does brighten
my skin more radiant
matte finish that lasts all day
my skin feels silky
i wanted an airy primer that would cover pores
even my skin tone without adding a thick layer of chunky
my face looks bright
it evens my skin tone
does give a nice youthful
my skin looks like a dream.
my skin looks awesome
nothing compares to the glow i get from the beauty flash balm
it just leaves an amazing brightened
i tried to use it with my sample of the new nars all day luminous weightless
it gives it a dewy radiance that lasts into the next day
when i apply it my skin looks dewy
this gives me additional smoothness
brightness under my foundation
i definitely feel it improves the appearance
and it's much brighter and smoother.
gives me dewy comfortable skin the rest of the day
gives me a nice dewy look
does impart a lovely finished result
smoothes the texture of my skin
makes foundation glide on smoothly
i enjoyed wearing beauty flash balm without foundation
it adds a nice luminosity to my skin
this product spreads so nicely on my skin making it feel smooth
it gives my skin a great glow too
i don't have a very uneven skintone
it does give it sort of a glow without any shimmer or anything
i also think it helps my liquid foundation to go on smoother
completely makes your face glow
it instantly makes my face look brighter
dewy as it had been it finally clicked that it was the beauty flash balm that gave me that fresh glow
i looks so much more bright and looks younger!
my skin does look dewy
this clarins beauty flash balm does just what it claims- brightens your face in a flash
it glides on so smooth
there was a matte look, yet a glow on my face.
the finish is practically flawless
my skin is powdery smooth
it provides a glow, an illumination.
foundation glides on smoothly
i can tell it makes my skin smoother
my skin looks luminous
i realized my face looked a bit brighter
it makes my skin look bright
to help keep the complexion matte
making it look radiant
my skin's appearance was firmer
it goes make my skin look brighter
feels lovely and helps my bb cream blend quickly.
look hotter in a moment with this miracle baum!
it really creates a beautiful luminous effect under foundation
feels light when applied
it makes my skin look amazing
it gives an overall bright look (not shiny!)
every time i do i get complimented on my glowing complexion
made it appear smoother
it balanced my oily skin nicely
gives the face a natural-looking glow
either way, your complexion will be radiant.
comment on how beautiful my skin looks
i like the texture
not sure if this "brightens"
your skin will feel smooth
perfect for dry-ish skin
it makes your face glory
this product helps give you a nice "glow"
my face does look a bit brighter
just overall prettier when i use this
this balm makes the skin brighter
makes me look like i just had a facial
it brightens the skin tone
makes it glow subtly
it makes your skin tone even out nicely
my skin is glowing
after applying make up my skin looks airbrushed.
my skin is very bright
it illuminates the skin
my skin looks luminous
beauty flash balm seems to make my skin appear less wrinkled
which "pinked" my very pale skin right up
makes me look instantly brighter
lightening effects this balm gives me
instantly changes your complexion
it seems to add a glow to my appearance
totally gives my face a lovely glow
i woke with glowing skin.
my face feels smoother
my face is looking healthier
it leaves my skin so smooth
helps control my shine throughout the day
my skin looks less shiny and much more pretty !!
makes my skin very smooth
my skin is noticeably healthier
my skin looks cleaner, younger and healthy.
the overall skin tone
my face is fresher looking
i like the texture of the product too.
my skin is definitely much cleaner
my skin has a wonderful glow to it
my skinned seemed brighter
seems like my skin is brighter
trying to obtain a smooth complexion
it's thick in texture
this improved my overall coloring
the texture of my skin
this improves the texture of my skin.
i love the way this cream makes my skin feel matte
have been complemented on my flawless skin
my face felt smoother after use.
i've also noticed my skin is brighter
it make my skin look flawless
great cream that leaves the skin feeling smooth
this gives me a glow as is not too coarse.
it made my skin visibly smoother & less blotchy.
helped even out my skin tone
my pores are looking fabulous
this makes your skin look flawless
my skin is glowing
i like the texture of the product
it really controls the shine
my skin really does look "refined"--much less red blotchiness
my face now looks smoother now
said my skin looked even toned
the texture is rich
it goes on smooth and is creamy.
my skin is smooth
my make up glides on nice.
has a nice tingly after touch
one of the palest people you'll ever see
it is very dewy
i enjoy the cooling sensation as it touches my skin
it makes my skin glow
gives shine and you can tell calms down skin.
tingly sensation after putting it on
it made my skin feels so smooth
fades the red into a nice golden color
which allows him to feel manly while enjoying a beauty product
it goes on smooth
i am very pale
it left my skin smooth
leaves your skin smooth
and it goes on amazingly smooth
helped my skin progress into a nice tan
i get a nice tingling cooling sensation its just wonderful
it actually makes my skin seem healthier.
made my skin very smooth.
makes your skin feel heavenly
the texture is light
it makes your body tingle
this cream has evened out the texture so much
make my skin feel smooth
it definitely has a thicker texture than most night creams
my skin is noticeably healthier looking.
supple in the morning
skin is dewy and glowing.
leaves my skin dewy
i am fair complexion
it feels so smooth
this creme keeps everything smooth
is perfect for dry skin
it makes my skin healthier
the ultra rich face creme has given my face a whole new feel
the rich cream goes on smoothly
it makes my skin feel really smooth
it makes my skin glow in the winter
makes my skin feel lovely all day
it makes your skin very smooth.
my skin looked dewy
my skin looks luminous and not at all oily.
smooth all day long
it tends to make your face a bit shiny
it's very lightweight, goes on silky smooth.
has that cool sensation
making skin feel smooth
very light consistency and absorbs really well.
my complexion got brighter
overall my skin looks much better
my skin does look healthier
my skin looks better and glows so much.
my skin feels like silk
my face is smooth
it has a thick texture
it works wonderful on my oily skin
more younger looking skin
makes my skin look brighter
this night cream leaves my face smooth
it isn't greasy, just smooth and soothing.
this one has your face bright
very supple smooth skin
the texture of the cream makes it easy to rub in
my complexion looks smoother
my skin feels so smooth
it makes me so glowy in the morning
it's softer, glowing, and i have less blemishes.
my skin is smoother
my face is so soft and bright!
i feel like it makes my skin look more radiant too
it gives you a dewy look under makeup.
lightly scented & makes my skin look brighter.
it leaves a weird texture.
this murad product has a nice texture
goes on super smooth.
it makes my skin glow
my skin appears even in texture
it gives great sun protection
seems to give my skin a glow
it gives me a great glowy hue not shiny skin.
my skin looks better
it makes your skin glow
i also like the texture of this moisturizer: thick
gives a great glowy base for makeup.
my skin also has a slight dewy glow
have my face feeling much smoother
my skin looks brighter
feels imperceptible on the skin
my skin tone even looks mird even and brighter.
my skin has its natural healthy glow back
feels super smooth on contact
i think my skin appears smoother
i feel like it brightens up my face
gives me a flaky texture when i put my make up on top
smells good, brightens, and gets the job done.
super refreshing, clear, bright skin.
give the face a nice healthy glow
my face looks like it has a natural brightness
keeps my skin clear
my skin is smooth
this product keeps my skin balanced
instantly evened out my skin tone a bit.
it looks like a gel but of thinner consistency.
helps tone my skin
more importantly looks brighter
makes my skin look
this makes my skin balanced
my skin looks so healthy
it gives an instant glow
gives it a radiant glow i haven't gotten with any other cleanser
i feel like my skin is glowing
well i now have a glow smooth feel
my skin is smooth
literally, my skin is glowing all the time!
makes my skin smooth
it brightens my skin to a shiny foundational clean
the red is decreasing plus my skin feels smooth
it was clearer and brighter.
my skin just had a healthy glow
my skin appeared smoother
my skin is so soft, and has a beautiful glow!!
actually improved the texture
leaves my skin perfect
looks like i have a facial
making it feel toned for the next step -exxential c cream
more even skin toned
it seems to energize my skin.
also it brightens and smooths the skin.
my skin feels smooth
leaves my skin luminous
the texture of the skin will feel better by the next morning
smooth after using this
it also adds good color to the skin.
leaves your skin feeling soft with a matte finish
it glides on very smooth
although i do see more of a glow to my skin.
it leaves a nice matte finish
has definitely improved texture
makes my skin feel amazing
my skin looks ageless
left my skin looking amazing and youthful.
makes it look smooth
this beautiful cream is wonderfully smoothing
gives the skin a nice glow under makeup.
my face feels smooth
my skin does look more radiant.
this moisturizer glides on smoothly
my skin is much smoother
it makes it difficult to blend shadows
keeps eyes looking youthful.
it seems to brighten my eyes up quite a bit
makes my eyes brighter
the skin was significantly smoother
i will swear that my skin is brighter
it seems more youthful
it is very smooth
this cream feels great on the skin
my eyes look healthy
the skin around my eyes is definitely brighter
my lids which i thought always seemed darker than the rest of my complexion
do i look super youthful?
it helps keep her eyes youthful
it is a fantastic product to mix with bb cream for a smooth
makes my skin feel smooth
feels great on your eyelids
i look younger and healthier!
it's a fantastic eye cream
smooth the skin around my area feels
makes my skin feel smoother
lightens my dark circles
texture is drastically improved
it is so smoothing, soothing and comforting.
it brightens under my eyes
our skin feels smooth
it makes the skin under my eyes look all glowy
the texture is smooth
it brightens the eyes
my eyes look wonderful
its a great cream, lightweight, moisutizing.
this cream goes on smoothly
my under eyes feel so much smoother
overall my eye area is brighter
this cream doesn't accentuate the lines or wrinkles more
i love the smoothness of this eye cream
increased firmness, brightness, and smoothness.
it does somewhat brighten my eyes
i've noticed that my under eye concealer goes on a lot smoother
guess it's improved the texture of my skin
this lovely mask renews
my skin looks great
bright smooth eye area
my eyes looked brighter
i think this brightens better
this excellent eye cream help me to improve elasticity
it's definitely brightened up the appearance of the skin around my eyes
it does make my eyes some what brighter
this product definitely gives me an all around brightening to the the undereye area
ncreases firmness under my eyes
has a sheen to it that helps with fine lines.
this eye cream is very nice.
smoothed that skin for a younger look
the skin around my eyes seems brighter.
” it has a nice texture
the texture seems smoother
my eyes look wonderful
it brightens the undereye
my eye makeup looks better
it is soothing to my eye area.
i definitely see a difference in my eye brightness
it helps his complexion and isn't oily.
perfect for oily skin, great for men.
completely improves my skin.
it's light in texture
feels light on the skin
my skin is so much smoother
the tingling sensation felt great
it did make my skin a bit smoother
it left my skin brighter
gave me a nice glow
it helps my skin look radiant
leaves my skin so smooth
while helping to reveal brighter skin
skin texture is smoother
smoother after i use it
skin is brighter, softer, even tightened.
has made my skin look so glowy
it's really soothing but with visible results.
this mask was calming
gives a slight tingle to the skin
now my face glows is super baby skin soft
left my delicate skin feeling vibrant
my skin feels so smooth
not only does it make my skin brighter
deep cleans and brightens skin beautifully.
my skin was immediately brighter
left me a clearer complexion
it leaves my skin glowy
this is a nice mask - very cooling and relaxing.
it goes on with a cool sensation
it was soothing and evened out my skin.
i like to use when my complexion is looking a little dull
it leaves my skin feel very smooth and plump.
how smooth it was
i like the light texture
plus it gives you supple
a little tingly when it goes on
plumped up my skin and gave it a glow.
my face never ceases to look radiant
super-smooth after i use this mask
wonderful on your skin
the texture is great too: a translucent
color-free gel that goes on cool
it leaves my skin glowing!
it makes my skin look beautiful.
it wakes up my skin and makes me glow.
looks radiant like i'm way younger
it makes my skin look brighter
it makes my skin glow
leaves your skin glowing
it does polish the skin a little bit
has a healthy glow afterwards
makes my skin glow after i use it
i just want a gentle polish
this works great my skin always feels silky smooth after using it
it gives a nice glow.
definitely a good mask to have to get smooth skin
this just helps polish the skin
gives it a great healthy glow
makes my skin feel so smooth
makes your skin feel wonderful after a brief 20 minutes
smoother after using it
makes it feel smooth
the texture of my skin has greatly improved.
it just gives my winter skin a glowy feel
it is definitely brighter
my skin is glowing
if you want radiant skin
your skin will look
my face has a beautiful glow about it
my skin just glows after this
then that sensation is replaced with a refreshing sensation
makes my face look firmer
makes my skin smooth
the deep wrinkles way softer
goes on smooth and feels light.
this cream fits that perfectly.
my skin is plump
this keeps those spots perfectly smooth
i can find the glows back
seems to give my skin a glow
actually made my skin smoother
my skin feels like silk
this helps so much, and the foundation glides on.
seems to be effective in keeping skin "supple"
it feels creamier and not as thick.
fabulous for the drier winter months !
i think my skin looks smoother since using these products
makes my skin smooth
skin already feels brighter
my face has a healthy glow (not greasy!)
i can tell a difference in the smoothness
a light soft silky feel
expecially my smile-line has smoothed
it keeps skin glowing and fresh looking.
the anti aging cellular creme has brought my winter blah complexion back to life
my skin looks younger
mpressed at how great my skinned looked
leaves you with a nice glow in the morning
my skin looks brighter and smoother too!
helps skin texture too... very good.
my overall complection looks healthier
my under eye has a nice youthful glow now.
i absolutely love the texture of this eye cream
perfect for my combination skin
helped to smooth out fine wrinkles
my eyes look brighter
fine lines and a bit of a crepey texture.
seems to improve the texture too
all is smooth now
is like the consistency of a balm
has the right balance- creamy enough so that the concealers go on smoothly
this is why benefiance makes the perfect nighttime eye cream
feels silky on the skin
makeup glides on just fine
never looks cakey or shiny
my eye area feels smooth
the product is lightweight and silky.
the texture is thick
softens the appearance of them
this eye cream is awesome!!!
no puffiness, just smoother less wrinkled eyes!!!
i wake up with a beautiful smooth skin
very thick cream, goes on nicely.
nothing is more beautiful than a luminous "natural looking" beauty
following your natural smile line
you will look ageless!
it makes them feel so smooth.
it keeps the eyes looking smoother, not oily.
eye area appears smoother
wrinkles are gone smooth skin around my eyes
this product makes the skin around my eyes look
this eye cream is very light
overall texture have improved tremendously
it creates the perfect base for flawless foundation
my skin has completely transformed
leaves my skin looking dewy without being greasy
it does have a bit of a dewy look which i love.
this product line makes my skin look beautiful!
my skin has never looked so bright and happy!
my skin feels so smooth
makes your skin supple
the texture is not as i expected.
breezy as this one
it settles in as a gorgeous dewy look.
my skin looks amazing
skin feels smooth and soft.
in the summer i use boscia's clear complexion treatment which works like a charm
keeps my skin feeling smooth
lightweight and leaves my skin flawless.
overall helps calm my skin down
amazing for my combination skin with red
makes me a little shiny
the texture thinner than i expected
the skin is so bright and beautiful."
it imparts an iridescence to the skin around your eyes
at first the texture
this is a wonderful lip cream also
radiant looking all day while diminishing the look of fine lines
it makes my skin look wonderful
adds a dewy youthful glow
i adore this great eye/lip cream.
adds some luminosity so the effect is instant brightening
the product itself is a thick cream that glides on smoothly
make your face feel that much smoother
this gives immediate firmness to the delicate eye area
leaving you with smoother skin -- it's pretty cool
brightens under my eyes
the skin around your eye looks a little greasier
color under my eyes
this eye cream feels great
lightens the dark circles
the formula was a little shiny
it goes on smooth and provides so much moisture.
gives my eyes a healthy glow
i really like the texture
it leaves them silky smooth
this cream helps to smooth them
texture, performance and price, all great.
it brightens my under eye circles.
this eye and lip cream is fantastic!
it leaves the skin very shiny
its nice and creamy and feels good on your skin.
it makes my eyes look gorgeous
gives you a smooth bright look
it also leaves your under eyes looking dewy which make them look younger
this eye cream is not instantly amazing
it gives me a dewy look
my skin looks and feels so healthy and supple.
it works over time to help with skin tone
my skin looks visibly better in the morning
my skin has been flawless
my complexion has cleared
but this little beauty has made my skin smooth!
this clears the skin and helps it feel refreshed.
keeps my skin flawless
:) so milky, leaves your skin soft and awesome.
just to have that soft peachy fuzz feeling
fresh appearance that i am complemented on
it has kept my complexion radiant
his skin looks incredible
it never looks shiny
his skin is smoother
make my eyes seem brighter
this eye cream has a wonderful texture
overall great eye cream
brightness around the eyes
it is also a perfect winter eye cream since it protects the skin with its thick texture
the skin around the eyes becomes smoother
my skin looks so much smoother.
it definitely lightens the dark circles under my eyes
brightness of the skin under my eyes
have found this is the best product to help smooth my crepe skin
as well as the texture
the cream itself is nice and light.
the area under my eyes seems firmer and smoother.
softer, smoother...this is a keeper!
it is a good thick cream
it does brighten the eye area.
leaves my skin very smooth
the skin around my eyes feels so much smoother
my dark circles look lighter
i like the thicker cream texture of the product
it goes on smooth
my eyes do look smoother
not very noticeably brightening
n the radiance of his skin
leaves the skin nice
my skin looks great
it feels like velvet on my skin
slick it feels while using it
smooth out my skin
i like the texture
for bright clean skin, i turn to this.
leaves your skin super smooth
really thick long lasting sun screen
complexion have not looked better
it makes my skin so smooth.
this a refreshing eye cream that is lightweight
the skin looks full
makes my eye area look smooth
since it makes your skin so smooth
it really does brighten up my undereye
i think my skin looks more luminous.
it also makes the skin so smooth
the consistency is just divine.
the texture is very smooth
the mild brightness is fine
this eye cream makes my under eyes look youthful
love it, the texture is silky and nice to apply.
gives my skin a smoother feel
makeup always looks cakey
my eyes look a lot brighter
feels luxurious to the eye area
this is a good starter eye cream
shadow go on smoother
it just really makes my under eye area look smooth
the texture feels amazing
it has the perfect texture
it makes my eye makeup application smoother
it leaves my eye area so soft and silky.
it's really moisturizing at the same time without any pearly pinkish texture or greasy feeling
it makes your eye area silky silky smooth
it makes my eye area feel silky smooth
the texture is light
finds it to be soothing
makes my skin look much healthier
although not entirely matte
it made his skin smooth
my skin feels healthier
and it feels smooth and light on face.
a fantastic light-weight everyday moisturiser.
it keeps face mositure and smooth.
improve my whole complexion
it goes on smooth
it's smoothing function is great!!
you will see a nicely moisturized face that is soft to the touch
it actually blends into his skin nicely
this cream is excellent for dry mature skin!
it also adds a healthy glow
perfect for oily skin!
this keeps it calm
it is not sticky but rather silky smooth.
keeps my face shine-less
perfect for normal to oily skin!!!!
gives me the best radiant glow without the oil slick
my skin looks brighter
so much more radiant
my tone is even
my skin glows after using it and is so soft.
very light to the touch
it makes my skin smooth and healthy looking.
matte as i wanted
look smoother with longer lasting matte finish then a typical oily moisturizer
perfect for combination skin ❤
it leaves my skin super smooth
skin texture has improved so much
within a minute you have a soft matte finish
the gel texture wears nicely on the skin
glowy without looking greasy
it gives you a healthy glow without making you look dewy or wet
leaves my skin balanced!
my skin has stayed matte
helps tone the skin
keeps my skin smooth
look of the mask is a little funky
leave me with a beautiful texture
my skin tone looks a lot more even
texture are noticeably improved
this mask is so lovely
it feels so good on my skin it leaves it feeling smoother then a velvet peach lol
makes my skin smooth
it made my face glow after!
made my skin feel newer and refreshed!
this made my skin look
tones my skin beautifully
it's smooth and even toned.
my skin feels smooth
my skin looks plumped
it has such a wonderful texture
it also give sky skin such a beautiful glow!
leaves my skin supple
the texture is a lot smoother
my skin looks flawless
it is also a nice toning mask
on top of that made my skin petal soft
refreshing textures are perfect for all skin types
your skin will maintain a natural glow for hours
my skin looked amazing
i love the gel-like consistency
my skin loves this mask.
toned when i use it
keeps it looking fresh
it helps to calm them
a great mask to refresh your dull skin
this mask has a gel like consistency to it
it keeps my skin glowing
it leaves my skin smooth
makes my skin appear way more lively
this keeps me matte 8 hours!!
made my skin look amazing
also, it felt dewy, not oily.
my skin feels plump
supple after one use
oily combo skin like me it really helps restore the balance
makes my skin look great
they make me feel elegant
i do feel like my skin looks a bit brighter when i use this
i love the texture of it—it glides over skin
just perfect for dry skin
make your skin feel so silky.
i love the light consistency which is perfect for my combination skin
this one is just lighter
my skin craves it now!
my skin is smoother
my fine lines are plumper
it makes my skin supple
makes my skin feel really smooth
it also leaves my skin feeling silky smooth all day
so my makeup goes on smoother
this spf moistrizer really helps keep skin from sun damage while giving that beautiful glow to your face
wake up with smooth skin
really actually no texture except baby smooth skin
my face looks and feels so smooth!
his skin is even toned now
i've noticed his skin is smoother
liven up his complexion during winter
his skin looks radiant again.
looks more dewy an refreshed after use
co-workers commented on how my skin looked smooth
instantly brightens your complexion
it starts as the solid balm
the balm starts solid
gentle, effective, nothing beats it.
it makes my skin feel smoother
it makes your vision cloudy for a bit
makes my vision go all blurry
it left my skin supple!
it leaves my skin clean and supple!
this makes my skin feel smooth
it feels likes silk on my face
my skin feels so smooth
leaves your skin balanced
i feel my eye are is brighter too!
it really lightens up my eyes both on the brow
helps undereye concealor glide on easier
this eye cream feels velvety
my eyes look great
my skin feels and looks wonderful.
brightens your undereye a bit
i think it has improved the fullness of the skin
i really love how this eye cream instantly brightens the dark circles underneath my eyes
my undereyes just look very supple and healthy.
this is the perfect combo for my skin
it glides on nicely
it is rare to find a great eye cream with spf
i like the texture
as for the brightening
it also makes my under eye concealer go on smoother
i love how it brightens under my eyes
it makes your wrinkles less noticeable
this is an excellent eye cream .
it leaves a slight dewy shimmer
puffy cream with slight "refreshing" character
stays smooth under foundation
it makes my eyes look brighter
the consistency is a little thick
product works well to brighten
this is my everyday gentle cleaner.
it's been helping with my oiliness
i feel like my skin is healthier thanks to this product
this one is silky smooth
my skin has transformed
healthy complexion while using it
my skin looks matte
this foaming cleaner has really helped keep my skin nice
my oily facial skin is shine free
gives my skin an instant fresher
it cleared my skin so beautifully
i think it makes my skin smoother
leaves my skin ready to be toned
your skin feels silky smooth after
my skin feels and looks healthier.
smoother with no sticky feeling
i skin looks clearer and brighter after using it.
it keeps my skin looking fresh
my skin looks clearer
keeps my skin clear
this product keeps me matte
makes my foundation look so flawless.
so gentle on my screen
i makes my make up look so flawless
definitely enhances the wear of my foundation
my makeup looks smoother and lasts twice as long.
i still think it's the best primer out there for fair to light tan skin tones
it works best for oilier skin
perfect for combination skin.
makes my face matte
my foundation looks smooth
it left an orange tint that made my foundation look darker :
it's smooth soft and matte.
matte, soft, not greasy and great performance
your face looks smooth
glides on like silk
this prepares my face for my make-up to glide on flawlessly
this primer blurs everything
my makeup looks so beautiful
glowing without the oily shine
it starts to feel like velvet
would definitely recommend to anyone wanting to hide pores for a smooth silky finish
if it works with your skin shade
creates a beautiful surface for your foundation
it kept my face matte
this primer keeps me matte all day
feels like satin once on your face
glides on your face so nicely
my skin looks amazing on photos
i only need a really light touch up with a translucent powder
it also controls my shine
it makes my skin so smooth
this primer is tinted
the shine is gone
it makes your skin so smooth and flawless.
i love how smooth this leaves my skin!
velvet feel on the skin
this is more of like an eyelid primer consistency
also not a fan of its tint.
has a nice silky finish
velvety way my skin feels
my skin looked perfect
it definitely makes my pores look smaller
the hint of color is perfect!
it goes on smooth
this primer is perfection
my makeup looks flawless!
goes on super smooth
leaves my skin looking airbrushed
or uneven skin tone
it gives my face a flawless
leaves my skin looking amazing
it seems to give me some brightening
it has a matte finish
my skin looks more radiant and so pretty.
texture in my skin
my skin is really starting to glow
goes on smooth and is very lightweight.
my skin looks radiant
it make my face smooth
my complexion seems a bit more even
my face glows now
also brightens my face
makes skin look healthy without having to have that "dewy" look
leaves my skin smooth
my skin looks healthy
the texture is great
it's lightweight in texture
my face feels like silk!
it keeps my combination skin balanced
it makes my skin completely balanced
using this mask revitalized my skin
also the texture is perfect.
this keeps her face smooth
also your makeup will look much better on nicer skin
leaves my skin smooth
skin feels silky soft
supple as when i was using lancome
my smooth skin is back!
its texture is very milky
it is as smooth as cream
seems to nurture your skin
made my skin feel brighter
i always looked very refreshed
it takes time to brighten my dark spots
makes skin feel smooth
very light smooth serum.
i love it but not that makes my skin brighter.
i've noticed my complexion has been much more radiant
this absolutely provided the radiance
it makes my skin so much brighter
my face looks radiant
radiant than in years
this is a nice texture
it does improve the look of my skin
eyes looks so healthy
gives me glow and smoothness at well!
i definitely notice the luminescence of my face!
it was brighter and healthy looking.
my skin looks bright
my skin feel and look softer and brighter.
it does a great job of brightening my skin.
my skin feels smoother and looks brighter
this really brightens the skin
the wild rose sleeping facial at night so using this serum enhances the golden glow on my face that i frequently get complimented on from men
my skin is beautiful in the morning
my skin looks brighter
over all my skin seems smoother/softer
my skin will look
eye serum in one to brighten
my skin tone is already looking brighter
no one belives that i'm 70 because my skin looks unlined
my skin tone is improved
and it evens up skin tone.
i wanted something to brighten both my face
i see my skin really brighten
the satiny feel is pleasant for fingers
the serum glides really smoothly on my skin.
because of its slightly sticky texture
it gives it a radiant glow!
i love this eye serum it leaves my skin looking smooth
think i do look a bit brighter
texture of my skin looks years younger
my skin looks brighter
really brightens skin tone
after applying the lightweight serum i swear my whole face looked brighter
evenness of my skin tone
my skin is more even and bright.
my skin is so smooth
my skin looks bright even without makeup
my foundation looks flawless with it underneath
my skin is more even and glowy.
my skin looks brighter
my skin is noticeably duller
my skin was looking sallow
my skin is noticeably brighter
skin feels smooth and great all day.
smooth over my face
it does add radiance
my makeup looks flawless
has only helped to make my skin beautiful
i continue to get compliments on how great/ healthy/ bright my skin looks
my skin is noticeably brighter
my skin is "perfect"
dewy all the time 24/7
need something more matte
my skin is so silky
my skin is glowing
the glow is youthful but not shiny.
this serum is definitely brightening as in i feel like my skin is a lot healthier
it has evened my skin tone dramatically
this serum definitely brightens my skin
my skin has gotten clearer along with the help of glam glow super mud face wash
it makes my skin really glow
really made my skin look dewy
my make up glides on perfectly
it makes my face feel soo smooth
makes my skin feel like silk
this goes on smooth
it goes on much lighter
my skin is smoother and feels bett.
my skin tone is dark
perfect combo for beautiful skin
i also noticed it evens out my skin tone.
very lightweight, not oily, and smooth.
leaves it very smooth
it also gives my skin a glow.
my skin looks clearer
smoother when i use this
it keeps my skin smooth
smoothen my face pretty well
evens out your skin tone
it gives me awesome moisturization
its the only thing that makes my skin look glow
it makes her skin look healthier
my skin feels smooth all day
i agree that the texture feels like a primer
keeps my skin clear.
it instantly makes your face matte.
it goes on silky
it has a silky light feel
it has a great matte finish
the texture is amazing
leaves a silky finish very similar to a really great foundation primer
smooths out my skin so make up looks flawless
it redefines your skins texture to a smooth finish while healing belimishes
makes your foundation go on so smooth
it makes your skin feel perfect
it feels smooth and gives my skin a nice texture.
it leaves your skin dewy for quite a long time.
this brightens/improves my skin tone as well.
already her skin is more even toned
makeup glides right over it.
my skin is transitioning to oilier
makes my skin smooth
my skin looks healthy
this cream provides excellent moisture that stays with me all day
it has also brightened my skin.
perfect texture, light, absorbs quickly.
this cream makes my skin feel great- goes on smoothly
the texture is perfect
how much brighter my face looked
this cream made my skin feel silky smooth
my skin looks better
it has a healthy glow
makes your skin feel wonderful
love the way my skins feels/looks
gives me a youthful glow
except that i've recently received many compliments on my "gorgeous" skin
made it look more "luminous"
my eyes look amazing .
skin texture improvement immediate.
my face is smoother
my friend has radiant beautiful skin
give skin a very smooth appearance
wow my face is dewy
it leaves your skin with a soothing
which would then lead to uneven skin tone
it doesn't feel oily at all - very silky smooth.
makes my skil feel smooth
my skin is glowing
it is a good cleaner
makes my face glow
the consistency feels a little slimy
helps my skin stay young looking
my skin actually glows,
my normally oily skin glows
it has a wonderful smoothing effect on skin.
makes my skin feel silky
my skin looks great
great for summer with its light feel and spf.
it feels lovely on my skin
shiseido kept my mom's skin youthful at 94.
provides good moisture for my older skin.
it has made it smooth and youthful looking again!
the texture of my skin has improved greatly
keeps my skin youthful looking
her skin looks more fresh
bright after using this
my skin looks fuller
the texture is really lovely
healthy my skin looks with this cream
keeping my skin blemish-free
its the only one i've ever found that keeps me matte
makes my skin look great
it plumps skin and makes skin glow.
this cream does make my skin seem smoother
it makes my skin silky soft.
this product makes my skin look so radiant.
goes very smooth into your skin
my foundation looks fine
leaves my skin like silk
makes my skin nice and smooth.
my skin seems clearer and more even toned.
it leaves my skin smooth
i've received compliments on how beautiful my skin is
it feels light to the touch
it's silky and very light, not heavy.
feel of this smooth creme
makes it look glowing
my face is brighter
this cream handles both beautifully.
my skin feels smooth
please with the lightness
this night cream will definitely brighten your complexion
i just have smooth skin
this night cream makes my face looks radiant
in the morning your face absolutely glows
my complexion has never looked better
it made my skin silky smooth
my face looks refreshed
evens out my skintone
it absorbs better than the white lucent cream.
my skin is youthful looking
makes my skin beautiful
my skin is more even toned
my skin feels softer and looks better.
retains moisture because of it's slightly tacky texture
it makes my skin look and feel wonderful.
i wake to seriously supple gorgeous skin.
feel soothing on, leaves skin smooth.
it looks like it would be super liquidy
leaves me with a nice glow
my skin looks perfect
skin is more plump with a natural glow
it seems to give my skin that supple
the texture of my skin has improved
is superb for my neck
my skin looks good
and leaves a very nice glow.
it has a kind of watery consistency
my skin's texture and tone is healthier.
plump minimizes their appearance i think
it has a more youthful inner "glow" without that fake light-diffusing sheen or the plasticky mask of some products
my skin stays dewy all night
my skin was transformed
my skin is finally balanced
i wake up with a healthy glow
my skin looks much younger
i love the glow it gives my skin
i get a nice dewy look
it makes my skin smooth
clear complexion instead of dull
my complexion simply looks good.
it is not a glow so much as just a healthier look
gives me baby-like smooth skin again
more glowing my skin looks now
skin stays velvety soft all day
my skin glows after i use it
my undereye wrinkles are much smoother
my eyes are smoother, softer, and i look younger.
this eye cream makes the skin look fresh
creamy so a little goes a long way
soothes my wrinkles helping my skin to feel young again
eye concealer glides right over to give a perfect finish
perfect for that skin that looks like crepe paper
this eye cream is very rich
a good eye cream has to be rich
creates a seamless canvas for
my eyes look fresher
i do like that it brightens my eyes in the am.
amazing for dry skin.
immediately brightens the eye area
the texture is so thick but very easy to blend.
the texture is very thick
brightening all in one
highlights cheekbones awesome brightening effects
this eye cream is awesome.
excellent for a night eye cream.
have much softer smoother skin
my eyes look great
adding some radiance to the skin
this makes my eye area so bright and smooth.
this beauty brightens my under eye skin
adds plumpness back to skin
in the morning after using these my skin looks radiant
these sheets are silky smooth
feels very refreshing for the eyes.
your sparkling clean face will love you
it really helps keep you matte
light on the skin
lasts beautifully throughout the day
no shine for me
it gives all areas a smooth
my skin looks better in the morning
this gives my skin a matte texture
it keeps my skin matte almost all day
it almost feels like a gel.
it definitely keeps you matte
it's very light in texture
leaving your skin smooth
this helps keep my face have a matte look all day long
it really helps control shine.
my cheeks are shining
i particularly like the matte finish
perfect for my combination skin
this mosturizer is perfect for my skin type: oily skin with blemishes
giving me an amazing matte finish
making my foundation stay beautiful
a different product i tried kept me matte
this does provide my face with a matte finish
i love the feeling of the texture
leaves your skin matte
this product keeps me matte the whole day
lightweight - perfect for oily skin.
i wanted to look less shiny
helps to improve the texture of my skin
also makes your face less shiny
it makes my skin really smooth afterwards
it was great for making my skin look radiant
makes your skin looks flawless
makes your skin super smooth
glides on my skin
the coolness it gives to your skin as its absorbing is great
it actually does make your skin look matte
it leaves a nice soft matte finish
the appearance of my face is much more smoother
a dewy finish might make your face glow more than you're used to
i really like the gel texture.
it gives a dewy look
it has a light texture
makes my skin soft in addition to improving the overall appearance
which helps with the lightweight feeling
perfect for my skin
!perfect for dry skin
super smooth as well
perfect for combination skin.
i absolutely love shiseido's lucent brightening gel-cream
my skin doesn't feel quite as smooth as it did using the lucent product
it's helped maintain my color
i like the texture
the texture can't be beat
it adds a noticeable hint of light moisture
love it for the summer 0 keeps my skin lush
keeps the skin supple
it has a really cool dewy feeling
but every morning my face looks radiant!
this is a great product for oily complexions.
the texture is quite rich
the texture is quite dense
love the glow it gives my face in the mornings!
my skin looks much more healthy
even better with a nice serum underneath.
my face feels smooth
helps plump up any fine lines
does wonders on my mature skin.
your skin soft like reborn!
delicate texture and smooth cream.
perfect for my normal skin.
this moisturizer help to give a very lively finish
my skin was noticeably a lot smoother
my face looks clearer
the skin is firmed
it helps smooth my wrinkles
it has made my skin more vibrant
it goes on smooth
it also even skin tone and roughness.
my skin feels so supple
after application my skin is instantly smoother
my mature dry skin benefitted from its emolient texture
it is still capable of leaving a matte finish
my makeup looks so much better thanks to this cream
also made it silky smooth with each application
as soon as it goes on my skin radiates
my face looked brighter
this cream blends so smoothly over your skin.
my skin was softer and smoother.
this cream feels very light and airy.
added bonus: it makes my skin tone look even
it makes my skin absolutely glow
luminosity of my skin was improved--like a little mini glow
my skin looks radiant
my skin looks amazing after i dab it on
t gives you a more youthful look
my skin looks fantastic
it has more of a glow
keeps my skin looking smooth
just turned 60 and skin still is flawless.
a beautiful cream that leaves my skin silky smooth
this a wonderful nourishing cream that diminishes fine lines
my skin looked like it glowed
makes my skin look wonderful
it makes skin so smooth and poreless.
my face looks smooth
i like it to be smooth
it is the perfect cream for dry to combination skins
the wonderful glow looks fantastic
my skin is smoother
smoothed my skin all over
though it looks really thick
it adds a lovely glow to my skin.
after using this cream just once it was visibly smoother
goes on fairly matte
the texture of my face looking refreshed
it makes me look forward to my morning/night beauty routine because the product glides on the skin effortlessly
my face feels a lot softer and looks brighter.
to the touch its very silky
brightens your face instantly
my face has never been this radiant!
it also, very gradually, evens the complexion.
this cream has a very unique kind of texture.
made my complexion more clear
"your skin is clearer" / "you look younger"
my face looks brighter and healthier.
this cream makes my complexion even
my skin is definitely "dewy" in apprearance
my skin looks even
this cream has transformed my skin
it doesn't make me look ghostly white
it also makes my face more smooth and bright.
my skin is now evenly toned
my skin is radiant
my skin has lightened
i love the dewy glow it has given my dull
which makes my cheeks look perfectly flush
it istantly brightened that spot with reflective radiant light
it "brightened" my complexion not "whitened" this is what people need to underst
my skin has been visibly brighter
it does brighten my skin
i'd say leaves a healthy glow
i also feel like this has brightened up my skin a little bit
brightens at the same time
it really works on brighten up my skin
my skin is so radiant
my complexion was clearer
much more even-toned from this product
it will brighten your skin
my skin is glowing
shiseido white lucent brightening line gives you an even skin color
it also helps brighten up my complexion
it leaves my skin looking bright
smooth on your skin
this combination makes my skin so bright
the white lucent brightening cleansing foam is one of the best
makes my skin radiant
perfect for oily/combo skin.
cleans deep, leaves skin softer and brighter.
her face got whiter
my skin become brighter
it looks creamy when you put it on the face brush
my face as a whole is becoming brighter
my skin feels fresh and glows wth health.
my skin looks fresher
really gives your face better brighter healthier look
it has such a nice texture.
feels wonderfully refreshing to use.
my skin looks brighter after using
it still brightened my skin
it leaves my skin feeling refresh and smooth.
it does make your skin lighter
i definitely see a brighter
i definitely see a difference in my skin texture
feels soft n' velvety on your face
my skin does seem brighter
it just brightens my skin
my skins looks nice and bright, not at all dull.
natural dark skin colouring to a very pale complextion
might as well have glowing pale skin
it leaves a rather flattering light glow on your skin afterwards
i felt the difference in my skin texture
i also received compliments on how bright my skin looked
love it rele brightens skin
very smooth on face
your skin will glow after using this product!
also helps keep skin clear.
my skin has lightened, more even and looks great.
it makes my skin really dewy looking
makes my complexion look very healthy and bright.
it keeps my skin looking bright, but not shiny.
has an illuminating effect which gives me a nice dewy glow
i love the silky smooth texture
gives my face a nice supple glow:
it gives my skin a beautiful 'glowy' complexion
it does brighten my face a bit
how it feels weightless
it purchased it because i wanted brighter glowing skin without the need for makeup
if you're looking to brighten skin
it brightened my skin tone instantly.
it brightens my complexion
my face seems brighter
i love the whole white lucent line
i just hope it evens out my skin tone
makes it a litle brighter
did not leave any uneven tones
it really brightens/lightens my complexion
it makes my skin look dewy and bright.
this product makes your face shine
my face is shinning
it actually brightens her face
it keeps my face flawless
a luminous glow to my skin after only 2 weeks of regular use
it is lightweight yet rich in texture.
bright complexion throughout the day
the color of my skin is more even
perfect for my normal skin
my skin was more toned
it does illuminate your face
the richness is less noticeable
this feels like silk on my skin.
my skin is so smooth!
my face is brighter and more radiant.
gives the skin a nice glow
it definitely makes my skin glow
make my face appear more radiant
my skin definitely looks
absolutely toned just after three uses
the proctective cream is definitely thick
the combination has really helped even out my skintone
the texture is greatly improved
the color of my face is brighter than the color of my every day foundation
the texture is heavy
my skin looks radiant.
like the heavy texture
my skin has a pinkish glow that always looks radiant
my face is brighter and it seems to glow.
i tone with the white lucent toner for dry skin
i wake up to bright, glowy supple skin.
my skin looks dewy
the whole shiseido white lucent line has nice packaging
use this cream you'll look absolutely glowing in the morning
although your face looks really shiny
leaves your face looking dewy
my skin has improved in texture by leaps
skin feels like silk
the texture is a rich
makes my eye area stay smooth
i've noticed that my eye area looks brighter
overall my eyes look healthier
this eye cream is perfectly simple-
it definitely keeps the texture of my under-eye skin smooth
really helps with puffy
my whole eye area is smooth
does the job of brightening
my eyes feel silky and look very smooth.
perfect for dark eyes
this product's texture is a thick cream that still glides on with ease
this eye treatment is a great eye brightening cream
it feels so luxurious
have noticed improvement in texture of skin --no more "papery"'feeling
perfect for oily skin.
my skin is flawless i even stopped using the foundation or powder
which is awesome since i tend to have rosy cheeks
for those of us with a drier texture on the cheeks
overall splotchiness in my skin's texture
perfect for my combination skin.
i like the texture
it helps keep my oily skin from shining through my makeup
it brightens my skin
makes it look more radiant
smooth it all over my skin
my skin now feels super smooth
leaves my skin smooth
my skintone is less blotchy as well.
this is perfect for my combination skin.
overall, my skin feels balanced.
leaves your skin so smooth
calming for my skin
only smooth, even toned, pretty pale face.
leaves my skin feeling supple, light, and fresh.
makes my skin look radiant when i wake up in the morning
my skin looks clearer
this facial cleaner feels the way it's described!
it's perfect conjuct with facial brush!
it's gentle and makes your face feel wonderful!
my skin has never looked so healthy, glowy.
i am fair skinned with freckles
my skin looks so balanced and smoothed and calm.
brighter every time i use it
the ren gave me a well rested fresh dewy look the 1st use
this eye gel is incredibly light
i like the texture
this feels cool and refreshing.
it had a great gel like texture- very light
is so smooth a refreshing
brightens entire eye area
brightens my entire eye area
makes me look younger
my eye make up goes on much smoother.
it also makes my dark circles much brighter.
excellent product for my eyes.
it completely brightened my under eyes
i think i look brighter
the gel consistency is perfect for the eye area.
this active 7 eye gel is fantastic!
leaves your eye area with a radiant glow
provides a good skin texture in the morning
radiance in the morning
i wake up with my skin feeling silky smooth.
my skin is gorgeous in the morning!
it gives me a natural glow
my skin is smoother and more radiant.
leaves your skin feeling supple
relaxes the skin for a good nights' rest of rejuvenation
it has a light texture
leaves my skin smooth as silk
feels like a creamy dream going on
my skin feels smooth
looks radiant in the morning
this product feels refreshing on my skin
leaves my skin glowing the next morning
my skin is not easy to get glow
texture is not smooth
omg my face glows
goes on very smooth
my skin is glowing
my skin looks noticeably better: my complexion looks more even
this leaves my skin super soft and radiant.
my skin feels really smooth
tight back to a smooth soft silky glow
its making my face glow
its creamy and goes on smoothly.
it helps with texture of the skin
makes my skin look better in the morning
my skin is smoother
smooth, creamy, and doesn't make me break out!
my skin looks great in the morning
smooth, glowy, soft, supple… it's amazing.
your skin feels so smooth
the texture appeared thick
makes my face look perfect
my face looks smooth
skin looks radiant and healthy in the morning.
goes on smooth, i wake up with wonderful skin.
i notice my skin glows with radience now
makes my skin seem supple
my skin is smooth and bright in the morning.
my skin is glowing, soft, and i look younger.
irritated now my face looks creamy
my skin looks better then ever
it left my skin soft with a clear complexion.
instead of their radiance renewal mask
makes it so smooth
it goes on so smooth and creamy.
this just makes my skin look cleaner
it leaves your face super smooth
made my dry skin smooth
made my skin so smooth
the consistency is quite clumpy
doesn't feel smooth like other masks
i do notice my skin looked cleaner
soothing as it goes on
my face was so smooth
it left my skin toned, smooth and refreshed.
it keeps my skin in a great shape
the texture of this product is great.
it has got a smooth texture
as my face was smooth
the green tint also seems to help calm redness
my skin is so clear and smooth.
the texture of my skin is very smooth
i saw improvement in my skin texture
i saw improvement in skin tone evenness
my skin color is balancing out again
the texture of my skin is way more smooth
my skin feels so smooth
you will feel a slight tingle
my skin is brighter
my acne looks worlds better
a half my skin was beautiful
my blemishes would create a strong texture just under the surface of my skin
excellent choice for an oily/acneic skin.
smooth with better texture
my face was so freshly polished
having reached an amazing smoothness
it does tingle a little
my skin feels amazingly smooth after i use this.
my skin is noticeably more balanced
looks refreshed in just a few uses
this product leaves my skin smooth
my skin looked really nice
my skin looks healthier.
makeup doesn't come on as nicely with textured skin
it even out my skin texture
my skin feels smoother / clearer
my skin looks healthier.
my skin is gorgeous
my skin looked much better
my skin looks great
much more even toned
needed something to help improve my skin texture
skin is super smooth after
my skin felt smooth instantly
everyone's skin is different
this is making my skin brighter
my skin cleared up beautifully
using this face wash has made the texture of my skin improve
my skin does feel a lot smoother
it looks a lot smoother
leaves my dry skin beautifully soft and smooth.
it's brighter, softer, and more alive.
the application is so much smoother
her skin like brand new.
even when she's not wearing makeup her skin looks flawless
made it so bright
makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin feels soooo smooth
my skin texture looks so much better
effective in that its "beady" texture nicely exfoliates the skin
uneven skin tone which not my primary goal
it made my skin smooth
keep your skin smooth as well
also, my make up looked very polished all day.
with the gel like texture gives sort of a cushion to not overly exfoliaye your skin
now my face is glowing
love the product, leaves my skin super smooth.
gives my skin a clear complexion
my skin is smooth again
i've gotten a few compliments on my glowing skin.
it transformed my skin!
my first wash: noticed a glow
my complexion was impressive
it feels similar to the laura mercier flawless skin face polish
new users may be a bit surprised that it's not thicker/creamier
evening my skin tone
i am beginning to have flawless skin
really does smooth out the skin
it leaves skin bright
keeps my skin clear
makes my skin brighter
my skin felt smooth
evened out my skin tone
has a nice smoothing effect
my skin looks clearer
instantly brightens your complexion
improve the texture of my skin
my skin is smoother by the day.
my face looks a little brighter
goes on like satin
my skin is clearer
smoother with a much more even tone
because my skin is instantly transformed into a radiant
it makes my skin instantly smooth
it is still smooth
it's very silky to the touch
makes my skin feel amazing
brightens up my entire face
evens out my skin tone
with these products plus the water my skin looks fabulous
this makes my skin look absolutely gorgeous!
my skin just glows
it feels softer and looks healthier.
this feels lovely on the skin.
my face looks flawless in the morning
my face gets whiter
my skin looks amazing
it has a more silky feel
you glow after use and it works wonders!
my skin looks radiant
it looks younger and healthier.
when i wake up - my skin looks fresher, smoother.
with an almost gel like texture
my skin looks amazing
it helped even out the texture
i like the texture
you wake up with a fresh and glowing skin.
goes on very smooth
my skin feels smooth
my skin feels super smooth
nothing makes my skin more radiant
since my skin looks nicer
my skin feels smooth
my skin is noticeably smoother
my skin tone was definitely brighter
it makes my face more even toned
i notice how smooth my skin looks
it has a thicker consistency
helps balance my combination skin
radiant in the morning
my face is so smooth.
it does give my skin a nice glow
i think my skin looks healthier
smooth when it goes on
it makes my skin radiant
glowing without that greasy
has a more even complexion now
gives me a fresh look
leaves my skin a bit dewy which works out nice when applying makeup afterword
my skin looks even
gives you a healthy sheen
my skin looks fresh
plump in the am
great for a smooth complexion
my skin looked really lovely
i really like this texture
i see smoother skin
the skin looks more firm
as far as skin texture
this makes the skin under my eyes looks its very best
this un-wrinkle eye has a splendid effect.
my eye wrinkles seemed softer
my eyes looked more relaxed
smoothed my under-eye skin
makes the skin look fuller
even more seductive with my younger-looking eyes
softens the skin beautifully
the texture around my eyes
my forehead area did feel smoother
it gave my face a wonderful glow
for me it looks flawless under my foundation when applied with a beauty blender
evened my skin tone
it truly balanced my skin!
my skin feels perfect
works perfect for my combination skin.
it gave my skin a nice healthy glow
works really well when paired with the umbrian clay mattifying primer
layering this on top really controls the shine throughout the day
now the finishing touch of this ultra light cream
supple skin is the result
this product makes my skin look normal
smooth while keeping my shine away
my skin looks flawless
my overall complexion is even
my skin is finally balanced
it makes my skin feel baby smooth
controls the shine all day!
yet your skin feels smooth
my face isn't looking supple.
i noticed smoother looking skin that look radiant
it feels super smooth on my face
i wake up with the most beautiful skin
so loft & has a nice glow.
the texture seems heavy
in the morning my skin is shining
my skin is unique
this cream smoothes my combination skin- leaving it hydrated with a luminous glow
makes my skin feel soft and dewy.
not to mention with a glow
it makes my dry skin look glowy
doesn't leave my skin shiny
makes my skin feel amazing
overnight my skin looked dewy
gives me brighter skin by morning
so the fact that this night cream leaves my skin smooth
make me look refreshed
now my skin is beautiful again
my skin looks and feels cleaner.
this face cleaner is amazing for sensitive skin!
highly recommend to anyone with the same skin complexion
this has really nice texture
makes my skin feel amazing
now my face is smooth
his face comes out very bright
my skin is glowing like never before
just smooth soft skin.
it leaves a very nice and silky feel on the skin.
i always get compliments on my complexion.
this does wonders for any imperfections on your skin
the texture is smooth
it keeps it calm
it clears up my skin really nicely
settle for my uneven complexion
the texture of my skin feels like a babies
evened out my skintone
it was amazing in making the dark scars much lighter
everyone's skin is different
my skin is brighter
best to give your skin an even tone
has overall improved the complexion of my skin
it helps control shine
it does have a bit of a tingly/burning sensation
the idea is to even out the skintone
the texture could be improved.
everyone's skin is different
not your whole face to prevent uneven skin tone
i’m still the same color
my skin looks brighter
brightens the skin too!!
overall brightening of my facial skin
my skin started lookin brighter
the texture of this is like a very thin gel.
i find it really hard to find reviews for darker toned individuals
and over time, the texture of my face improved.
refreshed-almost like you just had a facial
leave a nice glowing matte finish as well
his skin was vibrant
easier to use, the perfect astringent!
his skin is flawless now thanks to these babies
it is helping even out my complexion
an excellent toner that actually adds moister to your skin
my skin is visibly smoother
this makes your skin feel so smooth
the texture is perfect, rich but not to thick.
i feel that it has helped cultivate my pallor very nicely
keeps my texture down
in the morning my skin just looks bright
my skin has never felt smoother in my life
my skin is glowing and smooth and brighter.
i noticed after using it for a week that the texture of my skin became smooth
i wake up with even-toned skin
masks that promise an instant glow
nice formulation that leaves your face feeling like velvet in the morning
my complexion is even
the texture of the cream itself feels thick when you first apply
my skin looks great
has all the right ingredients to brighten
my skin is plump
my skin looks much more radiant
you wake up with a healthier glow.
my face is glowing
this in combination with the the vinoperfect serum makes my skin looks so amazing
my skin still have the smoothness
the morning after my skin feels so smooth
makes my skin baby smooth by morning
it goes so wonderfully with the radiance serum.
my skin is more supple and fresh than before.
also my skin is much brighter in the am.
the color is nice
beautiful glowing skin is worth the investment
it is a nice thick cream for the night
i feel my skin has been smoother
my skin looks healthier
it radiates all day long
my skin did look brightened after using this
my skin did seem brightened
looks brighter when i use it
makes your skin look great
really evens out the tone and texture.
has even tone to it
wake up with radiant skin
it had a really nice glow
it was very smooth
overall my face has a more youthful look.
this has transformed my skin.
i wake up and my skin is glowing.
this product helped me to recover with added brightness
this moisturizer not only makes skin feel velvety smooth
keeps my skin looking fresh
my complexion is much brighter.
while it is focused on giving you a radiant complexion
that my skin looked amazing
my skin tone has become more even/smooth
this product give me smooth
glowing skin that i get tons of complements on
my skin looks firm
i actually look healthier!
as far as skin texture
love the smooth creamy consistency
the way my skin feels smooth
radiant in the morning
i think my skin appears brighter
it has made my skin so much smoother and softer.
i wake up to supple
you will wake up with a nice glow
very good feel ; thick and lasting
this is making my skin complexion appear much more even
it gave my skin great elasticity
love the texture when it is applied
i noticed my skin looking firmer
my skin looks younger
makes them more subtle
the texture is rich yet light
my skin is so much smoother particularly around my eyes
my 50plus skin does look
it has a weird after texture
i now have smooth skin
my face is beautiful
definitely helps keep away the blemishes
i'd love for my skin to look naturally flawless.
looking healthier in all of my pictures
noticed clearer complexion of my skin
this really helps my complexion
she needed something a ltlle gentler
has helped with my oiliness
i also use the clear complexion tonic
my skin looks great
to help brighten her complexion
now my skin looks
i've noticed that my skin feels smooth
my skin felt cleaner and looked healthier!
supple after using it
my skin is clearer
texture on both of my cheeks
it feels super silky
my skin looks sooooo bright after cleansing
his skin looks so much better
i reccomended the clear complexion line from boscia
though i do still wear a thin layer to perfect my complexion
it has really transformed my oily skin into beautiful
instead it leaves my skin soft and glowing.
my skin looks great.
it's softer and more even toned.
no downside, just clear beautiful skin.
my pores look amazing
my skin looks clear and my pores look smaller.
it has given me smooth skin
overall my skin is worlds better
it's remarkably smoother and softer.
already my skin is brighter
the different colored tone pigments were also gone
my complexion looked so different
the boscia clear complexion treatment is great!
my skin is smoother and my pores are smaller.
your face feels smooth
my skin looks amazing- no bumps
it also smooths my skin tone overall
my skin was smoother
all the other clear complexion products of the boscia br
this has really helped brighten my entire complexion
i appreciate that it is weightless
boscia clear complexion reduces blemishes overnight
his skin seems smoother.
my skin looks smoother and ad healthier.
makes my skin feel very smooth
it keeps my skin much clearer
this product really improves the texture
this product make my skin look so much fresher
the texture and tone improved too!
aside from that my skin is even toned
the clear complexion boscia products are wonderful
i like the willow bark treatment better because it gives faster results
i am almost out of the clear complexion tonic
my skin tone is more even, and radiant.
it is so calming and lovely on my skin.
makes my skin look instantly more even
liked it when the product was thicker.
cheeks get bright red
this product has changed the texture of my skin.
the redness has toned down quite a bit
it is very soothing and calming to my skin.
my skin looks clearer
my skin is looking much brighter
it comes with the soothing clenser
my face looks clearer
my skin is clear and smooth as silk.
overall it is calming
feels weightless even though i has a pretty thick looking consistency in the jar
i blush very easily
it gives my skin a health glow
this keeps my skin balanced
there is a slight green tint to the lotion that fades into my skin tone quickly
even out my skin tone overall
it really helps to calm my skin
it is slightly thicker
have an even complexion
my face looked brighter
smoother after my first use
leaves my skin smooth
this cream definitely helps to calm my skin down
overnight you can see a difference in facial contours
it works great with smoothing out wrinkles too!
it just helps to make my face look soft
i am pleased along with my makeup the clearness of my skin
have been mixing this with a bit of nars illuminator for a great glow
wake up with perfect skin :
it goes on smooth and silky.
this serum makes my skin beautiful day and night.
complimented me on my complexion
the texture of my skin has improved
overall it feels firmer
my face felt firmer and silkier instantly!
the nutriperfect day cream gives my skin a beautiful glow
perfect for aging skin
the effect on the texture of the skin
you will notice there is an instant boost of radiance on your skin
get compliments on our beautiful complexions
my skin looks clearer
my skin feels comfortably soft and radiant.
makes your skin feel really smooth.
this cream made my skin look plump and dewy.
oh man my skin is transforming into such a smooth surface
my skin needs a little oomph
while it makes my skin smooth
really does make your skin radiant
my skin literally glows
my skin also looked plumper
my skin glows after.
my skin is as flawless as a baby
my skin was way brighter
instant results, yields glowing, dewy skin!
it looks instantly refreshed
leaves my skin looking radiant
it absolutely evens tone
gives skin a very healthy glow that lasts for at least a day
it's really nice totally brightens your face
it makes it feeling smoother
my skin feels smooth
it makes my skin glow like no other mask i've seen before
my skin was radiant
kind of sticky it makes your face glow
when i say glow
i mean glow like no need for face make up glow
this mask really does make your skin glow with a smooth radiance
my skin looked fresh
my skin looks refreshed
it really smoothes my skin
my skin was smooth
this is an amazing mask that leaves your skin beautiful
enjoy soft smooth skin afterwards
while it definitely does make my skin feel smoother
exfoliants with grit or texture so this product is perfect for me
glowing thanks to this mask
my skin appeared brighter
it really does brighten my dull aging skin
my skin feels smoother afterwards
was happy with the clarity of my complexion
also brightens my complexion for the next day which is great
dull skin actually look beautiful
results are brighter and glowing skin.
it doesnt irritate my skin or dry it out like glam glow
makes my skin glow
every time i use this, my skin glows.
my face feels smoother
bright my skin even just first use
my skin feels good and make up looks flawless
my skin is so soft and shiny it feels so surreal.
love how my makeup looks smooth and flawless.
brightens my super sensitive skin in minutes
my skin always looks better
just makes my skin smooth and clear.
it had a subtle glow
it gives me an instant glow
and glides on like a dream on your face.
it went away revealing a smooth glowing skin underneath
it really is a great facial mask
it left my skin glowing
my face is definitely a little brighter
your skin does look clearer
leaves skin smooth and soft.
remove it with my clarisonic for the smoothest softest glowing skin ever
the feel of your skin afterward is like smooth glass
my skin has improved tone
smaller pores and smoother softer skin.
my skin is so smooth
my skin feels smoother
my skin felt supple and smooth afterwards.
the second my skin starts to look dull
people compliment me on my glowing skin.
my skin looks amazing in the morning
it leaves my skin looking perfect.
she said my skin was radiant
it left my skin super smooth and polished.
it looked more clear and refreshed.
skin tone looked even
consistency is pretty thick
helps skin soft and glowing!
clarity in my skin overall
it doesn't make sense to have a smooth glowing face coupled with a dull uneven body
i've noticed that this product really brightens
evens out skin tone
i've also noticed my texture is softer
my skin is definitely brighter and more glowy.
it's helped remove so much texture
my skin is so smooth
my complexion is brighter
my skin has been looking much brighter
in general just much healthier with a glow
it helps even up my skin tone
my skin has definitely brightened.
my skin has a brighter appearance
it does wonders for minimizing appearance of lighter reddish spots
definitely brightens overall skin beautifully
my face looks a lot brighter.
my skin looks brighter when i use it
my skin looks so much radiant
my skin looks healthier than it's ever been
this helped to even my skin tone
my skin looks brighter too.
bright skin every time that i use it
it evens out my skin tone
my face feels velvety smooth
my skin is brighter
my complexion is brighter
my skin seems so much healthier
bright my discolorations seemed to be more blended out
it makes my skin brighter
made it very radiant
my skin is bright
my skin just looks better.
my skin looks brighter
my skin has started to become smoother
amazing-noticed difference in my 40 something skin after fist use-brighter complexion
it also leaves glowing
also, my face seems more fresh and brighten.
my skin is glowing
it makes my skin so bright
commented on how radiant
glowy my skin is lately
my face looks overall brighter
i think it really makes a difference in brightness of my skin
its brighten my skin, and make it feel so so good
once i've been using it daily y skin tone looks more even
had a glow to my skin that appeared brightened
my skin is brighter
this product has done a lot to brighten my complexion
it makes my face glow
bright with use of this
my skin looks amazing
my overall skin quality
it lightens dark spots
i feel like my skin looks different
evened out my complexion
to have bare face even toned skin
i wake up with bright fresh looking skin.
recently searching for a product to brighten my complexion
it keeps my skin clear and even toned.
only a week, my skin become more brighter.
made me slightly paler
my complexion is so much brighter
this also helps my skin have a healthy glow.
it just seems to add a radiance
brightens- definitely a permanent part of my daily beauty routine
it makes my skin look brighter
this c powder has brightened my complexion
makes your skin brighter
it brightens skin and helps with breakouts also.
clearer brighter and more even complexion.
i feel that my skin looks more radiant with this product
love how this leaves my skin glowing and fresh!
your skin will feel and look much smoother.
my skin looks bright
my skin feels and looks smoother.
my dark spots look lighter
makes my face glow!
this really helps to brighten under my eyes!
it's kept my skin bright
my skin really looks brighter
i've noticed that my skin is brighter overall
it improves skin tone
significantly brightens my complexion
my eyes look brighter.
brightens my eyes immediately
it really is so brightening.
the purple/bluish color around my eyes fades into a very light pink color
my eyes do look more plump
i recommend their shimmering cream eyeshadow in pale shell
this i found to have the best texture
the shiseido cream is definitely a lighter textured cream
this is a great quality eye cream.
love the texture, very easy to absorb.
my under eyes are moisture and bright.
the skin under my eyes seems lighter
it brightens while i'm using it
this eye cream seems even richer than shiseido's benefiance eye cream
seems to brighten up my eyes
makes my eyes like more bright
brightens my eyes better than anything i have ever used
it did brighten my eyes
although my eye area looks brighter
brightens and moisturizes the eye area.
it definitely helps brighten my eyes
works great as a primer to help smooth my skin
it keeps it smooth
i feel that the texture of my skin is so much smoother
it makes a nice smooth canvas
i can't stop touching my face my skin looks so glowy
during months when my skin isn't so dry this is the perfect lightweight moisturizer that lays beautifully under makeup
my skin literally glows with happiness
it is a gel that glides over the skin nicely
the weight felt luxurious
it's so light weight and refreshing on the skin.
smoothed in very well
the gel feels nice
my face feels very supple
my skin looks smoother
my skin loves the gel-like consistency
my makeup looks flawless now
my skin looks so much smoother
your skin feels so smooth
just leaves skin glowing
it makes my skin look amazing
the softness/firmess of my face just amazes me
my skin is glowing
my skin is noticeably brighter
it always gives me a slight burning sensation
it provides a little bit of a glow that works perfectly under makeup
it evens out my skin tone
gives my face a nice base and glow.
improves the texture of my skin
my skin feels smoother than ever!
it gives ones face a radiant look
the texture of my skin is totally transformed after i use this product
my skin is always radiant
it's so soft and silky smooth.
it has a beautiful glow
my skin looks glowing
he noticed how lovely my skin looked
leaves the skin very smooth
the texture feels good
i've noticed my skin is more smooth
plumps my skin and evens out my skin tone.
are looking to improve texture
add some healthy radiance
i do feel a slight tingle upon application
my skin truly does glow
my skin looks refreshed
if your skin craves moisture-this will fit the bill beautifully
creates a rosy glow, and is not greasy.
it makes my skin smooth
i feel this really helps my makeup look smooth
it also imparts a nice subtle glow to my skin.
giving the skin a nice glow without looking or feeling oily
smells pretty, feels like butter, glowing skin.
refreshing on my skin
it makes my skin glow
my skin looks healthy again.
my skin looks so much more radiant!
i feel it's smoothing my skin out
brightens the skin like no other
skin tone got more even and fresher look.
gives me a glow in the morning
i do like the texture
almost instantly my skin is more luminous
really plumped my skin and made it soft and glow
the morning after using this my skin glows!
i do look brighter
my face just looks natural
this really brightens up your face.
my skin feels and looks brighter.
i wake up in love with my skin everyday seeing the smoothness
it truly restores your skin to it's best!
non-greasy treatment that has brightened
it makes my skin look
in the morning my skin does look smoother
i love the texture and the ease of application.
my face feels more smooth and elastic.
it has a very smooth feel.
my skin is smoother
makes your skin look much younger
my skin is smooth
it makes me skin glow
feel my skin looks
i noticed that my skin has a nice glow.
skin tone improves and glows.
my skin is smoother
my skin is more balanced looking
glides on the skin
this night cream made my skin radiant
made my skin bright
my skin tone gets uneven
my skin is more toned and looks healthy.
leaves your face silly smooth
this cleanser gave me the smoothest canvas to work with
it helps even tone
also, my skin always feels so soft and glows.
my skin is even with a beautiful texture
i love the texture that it leaves in my skin
i feel my skin smooth
the skin is silky
my skin feels smooth
now my skin has become brighter
my skin looks amazing!
in terms of firming or radiance
leaves skin supple and radiant.
my skin is much smoother and brighter.
as a cleaner this is lovely
it leaves skin smooth and radiant
clean, smooth and soft skin.
dead skin to create a glowing finish
it looks and feels beautiful after using.
it was brighter and clearer.
my skin is clearer
the skin tone is extremely improving
love the glow i get
her skin is beautiful
you skin feels flawless
makes my skin look
the appearance of my skin improves with each use.
maintain my beautiful skin
this eye cream is awesome.
it makes my skin glow and feel super refreshed.
my skin began to clear and became luminous.
my skin became smoother in texture
less sensitive, even more luminous.
the whole area brightened
skin around eyes is very smooth
brightens them up as well
it truly brightens my eyes
there's noticeable improvement in my undereye skin--it's silky
the skin looks fresh on its own.
her skin is beautiful
my eyes look brighter
my mom even complemented that i look good
texture of the skin around my eyes
very strange consistency- like a thick serum-
can see smoothness around the eye.
the skin under my eyes does look better
my eyes look so bright; myskin looks dark.
the skin under my eyes feels so smooth
overall this eye cream is good.
this eye cream is very light
yet keeps skin clear
it also brightened my skin, so that was great!
healthy with a nice glow
my skin looks brighter
my skin actually looks firmer
it gives the skin a younger look.
my skin looks perfect with a natural glow.
makes my complexion look alive not dull.
mproves the texture of my skin
i like the way it makes my skin look glowing
helps your skin glow
more of a healthy glow to it
evens out my skin tone
my skin tone is improving
the texture looks better
my skin is smoother since i've started using this product
has a much brighter appearance
everyone's skin is different
it feels clean, fresh, and looks "brighter".
my skin is flawless!
my skin is clearer
the radiant glow i once got from philosophy i'm now getting from perricone
my skin feels smoother
my skin glows after using it
it is wonderful to her skin
my skin is clearer
it really makes your face smooth.
applying eye makeup was becoming difficult because the crepe paper texture of my skin made it not go on smoothly
it is a very rich textured eye cream that has softened the fine lines around my eyes
my eye skin looks more youthful
my face is never dry and my skin just glows!
clear with a natural glow
help to make my skin really smooth
smoother after i apply it
my skin is still silky smooth and "patch free"
great firming, great texture, my skin glows.
all of which seem to make the skin smoother
i like the smooth feel
the texture was uneven again
it completely resurfaced the texture to a velvety finish
my skin was glowing immediately.
gives your skin a wonderful glow
i saw a healthy glow from my face
really struggling with my complexion
my skin is glowing
much more even toned
glowing my skin is
it has a nice texture that is easy to apply
it has helped to brighten and smooth my skin.
even i feel like my skin"s texture looks a little bit better
my face looked dull
this helps firm my skin and my face has a glow.
tightens, brightens, and makes skin luminous.
my skin was brighter and tighter immediately.
skin has a healthy glow.
leaves my skin looking healthier
the ceramic skin smoother works well with this.
the texture of this is wonderful.
has made my skin smoother
my skin is so smooth
does a beautiful job on my skin.
my overall complexion has improved
makes my skin feel smooth
this wash makes me feel like a glowy goddess.
and feel smooth after using it.
my face looks so bright
i see brightness in my skin
it makes my face bright and gives a glowing look.
i've noticed my skin looks a lot healthier
balanced skin-tone than other br
in about a week i found my skin so radiant
it has definitely helped with brightening my complexion
leaves my skin glowing
it has the most silky texture
leaves it wonderfully plump
combining this with a wrinkle treatment should give you such soft plump younger looking skin
light, delicate, but powerful.
love the smooth even tone of my face after each use
flaky skin was smooth
i now have a soft glow
raved about how beautiful my skin looks
skin feels super smooth
keeps my skin clear
leaves your skin glowing
my skin is healthy and dewy!
i love how silky my skin feels uisng this great product
my skin is instantly back to its smoothness
my skins texture is changing
my skin looks amazing
light weight and soft to the touch!!
just improves the look of my skin overall
is the perfect texture for year-round protection
a really lovely skin cream otherwise
my skin is vibrant
my tone is smoother
once it does my skin feels supple
makes my skin feel silky smooth
combined with the orange face wash my skin looks superb
my skin is brighter too.
it helps to equalize my drier winter complexion without feeling greasy
makes your face glow!
this cream has improved the texture of her skin
this cream has improved the look of my skin.
makeup glides on smoothly as well after cream application
leaves it looking radiant
texture has never been so smooth
look forward to my face feeling silky
skin looks more refreshed than it has all winter long
it works very well and smoothes my skin.
definitely helps balance my skin
supple my face feel through out the day of wearing this product
smooth all day long
natural fresh looking finish.
give it a natural healthy glow
leaves the skin smooth
i kept using glam glow which wasn't helping
it's plumper and clearer and just feels great.
texture is a creamy-on the thick side consistency
leaves my face glowing
it has also helped to brighten my complexion.
helped with the texture of my skin
it feels natural and light weight on my face.
the consistency is thick
leaves your skin velvety
my skin has reacted beautifully to this
it has worked wonders on my skin by smoothing it out
this cream leaves my skin feel supple
doesn't look oily or shiny
it has a matte effect
this is soothing and lightweight.
creamy while still feeling lightweight on my face
the skin itself looks
makes my skin look glowing healthy gorg
my face is much smoother now!
my skin looks better than ever
keeps my face matte all day
leaves my skin smooth
with a nice matte finish
it is so soothing, so lightweight, so amazing.
it goes on smooth
it sinks right into my skin for a satin-like feel
leaves a nice matte finish
it keeps my skin looking smooth and oil-free!
it is a white colored gel cream with really thin consistency
it has transformed my skin.
it keeps me matte all day
also, my skin seems to be brighter.
now my skin has a glow
it truly keeps me matte all day yet provides my skin with enough moisture to make it look plumped
my skin stays matte
lightweight, and perfect for my oily complexion.
i love how smooth and silky it feels.
it keep my skin smooth
it makes me smile!)
and it leaves my skin soft and glowing.
not completely matte either
i like a bit of glow
my face is smooth
my face just looks radiant
my make up looked cakey
it is light and refreshing also.
keeps the shine away.
the matte balancing fluid is great for day time
my skin looks great
it restores the way light reflects on your skin when you're younger
it gives my skin the perfect balance
my skin just looks clearer
my skin looks amazing!
the matte finish it provides lasts me all day
this one has a great texture
the radiant glow after using this mask is just stunning
my skin is rosier and glows afterward.
cool on your face...slightly shimmery.
this has a nice light texture and feels cooling.
after using this mask, my face looks bright.
the texture is light
i noticed that my skin looked truly beautiful
it was illuminating light
everytime i use it, my skin is pale and pearly.
as far as the look goes i thought it gave my skin a slight glow
i could definitely see a glow
as my skin was beautifully radiant
this mask really does make my face glow
the mask tingles a bit
this product make my skin glow
my lines are getting smoother
the texture is really interesting.
kind of like primer but creamier.
it helps soothe my breakout
still have decent elasticity
then i just glow
it leaves you with a beautiful glow
young glow it leaves
i like the texture
during the transition to winter it's beautiful
kept my skin in excellent shape
has improved the texture of my skin
brightens under my eyes
again, the luminosity is my favorite part.
it makes my skin glow
made my skin look healthier.
i love the texture it leaves my skin
makes your skin feel luscious
my skin looks and feels amazing.
my face looks brighter
my skin looked smooth
although this cream does plump up my face with that youthful "bounce
it gives my skin brighter
the crepe like skin under my eyes has plumped
i do wake up to radiant
it is very silky
love the way my skin looks
it has great texture
my skin overall is more radiant and even toned.
it reminds me a bit like the korres cream in terms of thickness
it goes on smooth
my skin just looked radiant and smooth.
especially that my skin had retained a moist dewy look even while wearing foundation at the end of the day
my skin texture is like the surface of the moon
the texture of the cream is really greasy
it leaves a nice light glow and lasts all day.
it also helps to plump up the wrinkles
gives a much younger look to my skin
your skin looks great"
it is very creamy but light weight.
really softens my skin.
really makes her skin look beautiful.
it has a wonderful texture
it makes my skin silky smooth.
my skin looks amazing
my skin looks and feels younger!
texture that is a dream to use
my skin literally looks as though it's glowing!
it makes my skin feel silky
my skin looks more glowing and vibrant.
makes my skin shiny
the texture is silky
also makes my skin supple
my skin glows after i've used it.
it leaves me smooth
an uneven skin tone
my skin looks nothing
this mask has an odd texture to it
makes skin seem pore-less, even toned and matte!
the texture is a little odd
most of all leaves your skin looking refresh
the texture is smooth yet pretty thick.
it feels so natural and dewy.
skin feels so smooth after
your skin is silky smooth
it is a luxurious mask for sure
i needed a product to make my skin brighter
after the first use my skin looked brighter
the tingling sensation feels fine
makes my skin feel sooo silky smooth.
it not only makes my skin look brighter
makes my face smooth
fresh with a sensation of lift
leaves your skin with a nice texture
it gives your face little tingles
can brighten your skin tone very well.
to help keep my skin in great shape
kind of an airy mouse-like texture
skin looked healthy, younger, glow-y even.
made my skin so smooth
you appreciate the tingly cooling it gives you
it's a nice texture that goes on smoothly
my skin is definitely smoother
wonderful, cool sensation when removing the mask.
supple skin then get this mask
it really does instantly prefect the skin
this mask calms my skin and leaves it luminous.
my skin texture improved
incredible mask - perfect for combination skin.
my skin looks brighter
it leaves skin silky soft
it really help liven up your skin.
feels like a smooth cream was whipped up
this mask gives an instant refreshing boost to your skin
has a little bit of a nice tingle to it
cons: texture of mask is like
my skin feels firmer and very smooth.
the mask's texture is amazing
looked flawless after makeup
smoother after one use
it has a whipped mouse texture that feels a little off
it definitely takes a few treatments to see a difference in skin texture
undereye area feel a good sight brighter
this mask is at once calming and energizing.
my skin looks glowing!
it makes my face so smooth after
it is so calming
this mask has an amazing texture!!
it leaves my skin bright, even and calm.
this mask is super fresh
my face tends to look dull
this mask feels divine when applying
feels delicious going on your skin
my skin looked fresh
felt silky smooth to the touch
this will add a supple feeling to your skin after you use it
help overall balance its texture
it really does give the skin a nice glow
looks nice in the mirror
also makes my skin brighter.
my face has never felt cleaner than it does when i use mousse radiance
the foam feels fabulous.
it just gives you a nice glow in the morning
the texture is so rich
the texture is fantastic its very foamy
most importantly makes my skin look beautiful
leaves my skin perfectly smooth
it works with my skin in perfect harmony
the texture feels incredible on your skin
my combination skin works wonderfully with this product
i like it to feel smooth
the more i used this the smoother
keeps my skin clear and enviable.
it feels luxurious on the skin.
my skin glows after i use this product
i like the texture
perfect for truly oily skin
my skin looks great.
i've noticed how my skin maintains that healthy glow
my skin is in such better shape
it actually makes my skin look more luminous
i do think it leaves my skin brighter
my skin clean and balanced.
i feel smoother after washing
radiant after using this
it left my complexion looking brighter
more radiant than ever
my complexion appeared very dull
my face looks brighter
your face is left soft and brighter.
it leaves me a smooth
left it radiant rather than dry
i found the tonique doceur much gentler.
clearer more touchable skin
cool, refreshing, and removes make-up perfectly.
my skin is glowing
feels refreshing on the skin
it makes my skin look dewy and healthy.
my skin has transformed
plump my face looks
my skin is looking healthier than ever
it looks and feels more smoother.
my skin is glowing
my skin looked better
my skin tone evened out
makes my skin overall look so healthy
it leaves my face soft and brightens over night.
makes your skin look younger
its light and it feels like heaven.
mix with glitter for eye looks
gives it a little glow which i like
it leaves my skin super glowy
it was so smooth
however i don't really mind it because it gives me that flawless sun-kissed glow i've always coveted
it makes it look smooth
has improved the appearance of my pores
my hair looked fuller and felt softer.
my skin is much brighter and more supple.
it feels super soft and glows healthy.
feels absolutely lovely on your skin
my face felt soft with a healty glow
my skin looks so smooth the next morning
my skin craves it.
it turns my textured skin smooth
my face looks brighter
gives my skin a wonderful glow
my complexion looks amazing.
it helps a lot with flyaways
high-quality oil that makes my skin look healthy
my skin is so smooth
it softens my skin and gives it a glow.
it makes my skin look flawless throughout the day
(smooth like baby skin!)
it's brighter- not as dull as it has been- softer
radiant my skin looks
i love the way my skin looks so refreshed in the morning
t glides on smoother
waking up with gorgeous skin--clear
my skin feels soft, moisturized and looks glowy.
i also use her vibrancy foundation which works beautifully with this
increased evenness of my skin tone overall
my skin feels softer and smoother but not oily.
it literally revives my skin from dullness to brightening
made my skin looks smoother overall
the texture was very thin
my skin looks better then ever
this has plumped my skin
makes my skin look amazing
my skin looks beautiful
it helps my skin feel plump
i love the lightness of this more
it literally leaves a velvety finish to the skin
my skin is smoother and softer.
my skin texture smoothed out
along with smoother makeup application
she was amazed by my glowing complexion
my skin looks better
with my first use my skin looked refreshed
doesn't look as thin
my skin looks smoother
really made my old dried out skin dewy again :
it helps keep me smooth
keeps my skin so smooth
definitely plumps the skin
gives a smooth silky feeling
smoother feel to my skin
my skin looks amazing
i am seeing nice smooth skin when i wake up
my skin looks much clearer
the overall appearance of my skin is much more radiant because i am drawing more moisture to my face
my skin does look healthier
this one really makes my skin glow
my skin feels smoother
my complexion seems brighter
skin tone more even
i enjoy the texture
i noticed my skin glowing
feel this one absorbs better
supple with out any greasy feeling
really like the texture
absorbs nicely and is comfortable under makeup.
my skin isn't oily/shining during the day
now my skin glows like a baby
the texture is very light
since it's brightening it also leaves my face looking noticeably brighter which is another plus as well
it gives you a healthy sheen
my skin is smoother than ever.
makes my skin look dewy
the texture of my skin is better than ever
it makes your face prettier actually
my skin was shiny
i've noticed that it gives my skin a nice
it makes my face shiny
my make up goes on smooth
my skin looks great
gave me a bright glow every morning
it leaves me a bit dewy
it evens out my skin tone
i liked the lightness of the murad moisturiser
my skin looks really healthy
my skin looks brighter
since it's brightening it also leaves my face looking noticeably brighter which is another plus as well
my skin is quirky
my skin feels so smooth
it is sold for different skin tones
my skin looks more even toned
my skin is smoother
commented on how beautiful my skin looked
skin looks a little shiny at first
fast-drying product that literally feels like it sits right on top of your skin--has a matte finish
doesn't make my face look shiny
it leaves a nice "luminescent" quality to my skin which i feel gives me that "youthful
it has a smooth consistency to it that doesn't leave the face gooey
it makes my face smooth
makes my skin look better
my skin definitely feels healthier
protection with no chalky finish
leaving my skin smooth
i just look healthier
protects my pale skin at the same time
the texture is light
my skin looks more balanced almost overnight
my skin looks and feels healthly.
all my life i've had perfect skin
it has balanced my skin perfectly:
make your skin feel amazing
gives me a beautiful sheen/glow
patting this product into my skin feels heavenly <3
more in the "always-a-pleasant-experience" vein
i happen to like the texture
this cream goes on so smooth
this cream improved my skin quality so much better in brightening
this cream gives you beautiful healthy dewy glow once you put it on makes foundations goes so well
the texture is thick
that said, my skin looks gorgeous in the morning.
makes skin feel soft and smooth!
it works magic on my skin
if you like your skin to look dewy, look no more.
i love the dewy look it gives my skin
it allows you to achieve that "dewy" look that stays
plus, i like a bit of a glow.
my skin looks more radiant
my skin looks radiant after applying the cream
my skin looked radiant!
it is a very thick consistency.
it gives my skin a healthy glow
wonderful for dry skin.
a lightly dewy glowing effect
it looks like you just had a facial
its a nice look without powder
looks so luminous on its own
have a beautifully luminous complexion that feels completely hydrated
helps achieve the dewy look without greasiness
gives them a fresh look
this eye cream fits the bill perfectly!
this gives you a glow
i love the texture, it feels great.
plus it feels soothing
i really like the texture.
it has a great thick texture
it glides on smooth as silk with absolutely no stinging
primer combinations with the same result: a wonderfully matte finish
the foundation looks powdery
it totally keeps me matte for up to 8 hours
it kept my skin matte all day!
my face stays matte all day
my face would still look matte
mix it with a tinted primer
now my face stays matte and i love it!
done foundation it works beautifully i stay matte for a good 8 hours
my skin does look dewy
it is so smooth
this product is amazing very matte
this keeps me matte all day long
smooth almost like a primer would
nothing keeps my skin matte
it also helps my makeup glide on.
it's not amazingly spa quality smooth under my powder
this keeps it matte for long shifts
leaves my skin matte and soft.
the texture is really nice
perfect for combination to oily skin.
this product fits perfect with my oily
it also brighten up my skin afterwards
this cleaner is gentle
makes make skin feel much cleaner
gives me a bright completion
this cleanser definitely brightened my skin
makes my nose look fresh
was so smooth afterwards
my skin stayed perfectly balanced
i remember my skin so radiant
leaves my skin looking radiant and clean!
gets my face radiantly clean
uneven skin tone around the eyes
after i cleanse my face immediately looks smoother
feels like velvet on your face
this product really lessens the appearance of your wrinkles
complexion cleared up, skin looks great
it blends nicely into the skin
it keeps my face soft and supple.
the results are fantastic--smoother
i also noticed my skin looked more youthful
my skin is so smooth
its so light and refreshing.
it makes my skin look fabulous
feels so light-weight
my skin was glowing
nice light smooth coverage
it has a heavier texture
which also looks smooth
it does smooth out the skin
definitely improves it's textures
with a radiant glow that will make you thank lancomer for coming out with such a fountain of youth in a jar
supple feeling on my skin
am really happy with the smoothness of my skin
her skin is beautiful
my skin looks young
my skin is soft and supple, wrinkles seem less.
the lines are a little smoother
my eyelids look much more supple
i love that it transforms my skin into a supple palette for my eye makeup
the regenerist plumped my skin better
my undereye area looks and feels smoother.
the skin appears brighter
love the way my skin looks
makes the skin under my eyes look firm
it has a great texture
found the texture really agreeable with my skin
this eye serum really softens the delicate skin around the eyes
this eye serum feels really rich
makes eyes look great.
it goes on smooth
this product has immensely improved the brightness
evenness of my skin has improved tremendously as well
fine lines look softer
skin has a dewy glow after just one use
my skin looks n feels great
this really does seem to improve the texture of my skin
it gives me red
using it every other night has made my skin look smooth
it has dramatically improved my skin texture
my skin is glowing
evens out skin tone
i am of dark complexion
now my skin is even toned
given my skin a more luminous quality
gives your skin a nice glow
just lovely renewed skin
after the first few uses i felt glowy
my skins skin tone has definitely evened out
my skin is a lot brighter and smoother as well.
i like the way my skin looks
my skin texture is so smooth
my skin tone has improved
my skin looks beautiful
together they have made my skin smoother
i woke up with silky smooth skin
the skin underneath looked so much nicer
said i my skin looked so healthy it was glowing
really improved texture, clarity and pore size
my overall skin texture has definitely improved- more clarity
by skin is brighter
my skin already looks fresher
each morning i have noticed my skin looks smooth
my skin looks very healthy
it continues the positive smoothing
my skin stopped peeling and looks improved.
my skin appears to have a better texture
i've noticed that my skin looks brighter
i wake up and my skin just glows!
my face is not flawless
my skin is smoother
my skin is glowing
it is smoother and becoming more even.
what i really noticed though was the smooth texture
he's not the complimenting type or the complexion-noticing type
this has made my skin feel smoother
definitely improves the overall tone
after the first few applications my skin was remarkably brighter
this has helped with texture as well
my skin just glows in the morning
getting a nice subtle glow to the skin
if you want to have silky smooth skin
this is balances my complexion
its anti-aging and leaves my skin glowing.
brighter as well as a bit more youthful looking
almost like a gel consistency
helps it feel so smooth
my skin looks plump bright
glowy in the morning
not greasy at all and makes my skin look "glowy".
the pretty rosy look it gave my skin
my skin feels smooth
my face has a subtle dewy finish
its perfect for my winter skin
takes care of the dry areas for smooth perfection
leaves me with a healthy glow
my skin has such a nice glow
i swear it has transformed my skin to perfection
my skin looks better then ever!
it goes on smooth
i feel like my skin is actually healthier
it leaves my skin smooth
my face is left looking radiant
it is actually brighter
my skin looks and feels amazing.
it lathers quite nicely
the silky way my face feels after using it
smooth my skin feels after using gentle daily wash
g's perfect finish powder foundation
it has a nice silky texture which lathers fairly well
softer more glowing skin
this product really helps with the oiliness
specifically mufe bright or dark eye makeup
the lather is silky smooth and not too heavy.
smooth after using it
it's calming to my skin
it leaves my skin dewy
your face looks brighter
my skin looks fresh
radiant from this product
leaves my skin soft and smooth.
my skin tone was noticeably more even
this has improved my skin texture and tone.
i see brighter and clearer skin.
invest in your beautiful skin.
my skin has become brighter
calm down also brighten
it my skim looks brighter after i use it as well.
my skin feels so smooth
my skin looked clear
they're the perfect combo to achieve perfect skin
my skin is radiant!!
it glides on very well
keeps her skin looking good
after a few uses my skin had a dewy glow
leaves my skin looking fresher
my skin is beautiful.
it is a nice gel consistency
my complexion look fantastic
i also use this with the laura mercier flawless face polish
plus make my skin look better
it goes on smooth
my skin feels silky soft
it looks like it would be sightly thick
amazing for oily skin!
improved the texture of my skin over time
feels light in consistency
i love the light texture it has when going on
helps my oily skin to appear less shiny throughout the day
it balance my skin tone .
gives my skin a glow that comes from the nice amount of hydration it gives
my skin is noticeably clearer
my skin felt more smooth
my skin already feels smoother and super soft!
this cream makes my skin feels wonderful.
still leaves u looking dewy
helps maintain a nice glow without being greasy
for my combination skin, it works beautifully.
it leaves me with a dewy look
my skin looked fabulous all day
my skin looks radiant
it glides on smooth
it is cool, silky, refreshing, and light.
overall my skin is smoother
radiant after using it
my overall skin appearance was brighter
it keeps my chin area matte
my overall skin texture is much improved
it helps a lot with oiliness to
the texture of my skin has completely changed
keeps my skin clear
the majority of my face looks flawless
my face is softer, smoother, and clearer.
my skin texture has changed for the better!
i feel like it's even improved the texture of my skin
not to mention my skin tone has evened out perfectly
the texture is very thin
my skin looks great
i find that my skin looks plump healthy
makes my skin glow
leaves a slight healthy shine
leaving the skin with a nice glow
it feels so silky and smooth on my skin.
has given me a more radiant look
lightweight everyday cream that made my skin look more radiant
my skin has a different texture/feel
the texture is very light
it gave my skin a healthy glow and absorbs nicely
has it feeling more plump
the texture is a bit more watery/thin
my skin quality looks so much better
it has a thin consistency
supple in the morning
a dewy glow as well
makes my foundation lovely
my skin is glowing
my skin is silky smooth
my complexion has never looked better
my skin is healing faster than ever
my face is smoother
it makes my skin glow and look fresh.
feels super smooth on the skin
changed the texture of my skin over night
my skin looked the best it has ever looked with a lovely tone
i def see a more glowing/dewy complexion
my skintone is so even
the texture is quite smoothier
makes my skin feel great and it looks smoother.
my skin is plumped
my skin looks brighter
my skin is smoother
much smoother and more youthful looking.
feels like velvet when i put it on
this definately softens fine lines
my skin glows in the a
it makes my combination skin smooth
i noticed the difference of my skin texture
this eye cream is a brilliant moisturiser
makes eyes look youthful and fresh.
it makes my eyes less puffy and dark.
my eyes looked amazing
everyone compliments my skin
my skin really has the "kate somerville glow"
it has a nice texture
my eyes look great.
it softens the look of them.
mproving uneven skin tone some
my skin looks healthy
it gives you a smooth palette to work with.
my skin absolutely glowed
i constantly get compliments from others on how youthful my skin looks
the texture of my skin has improved dramatically.
not sure i agree with the luminous glow statement
it helps to make it feel healthier
it became firmer and plumper.
makes my skin look better than this serum
goes on silky smooth
this serum keeps my face smooth
this is a lovely serum for smoothing
it glides on and feels great.
added "oomph" to make it through the winter
this one glides on
it's now dewy with less fine lines
goes silky smooth perfect for under make up as well
it makes my skin look
i am constantly getting complimented on my complexion
i also feel like my complexion has brightened.
leaves my skin glowing
also gives me a little glow
definitely noticed my complexion smooth out
it always felt smooth to the touch
gives skin an underlying glow
leaves your skin smooth
it glides on my skin
makes my skin have a glow
it does leave my skin looking dewy
it does make my skin look dewy
in delivering you gloriously glowing
this product is so wonderfully smooth.
it does what it says: my skin looks youthful
my skin looks smooth
my face glows now!
really silky like a second skin
gives a nice instant plumper effect to little lines
my skin is glowing- not in a oily way
supple all day long
it goes on smooth
my skin is so smooth
fantastic product, makes my skin dewy and soft.
it makes your skin look perfectly dewy
it gives my face a great healthy glow
evens out my skn tone
it makes my make-up look flawless
my face does have a glow with this product.
this serum makes my face look so smooth
my skin looks healthy
leaves your skin feeling silky
and, it feels fresh and smooth after usage.
my skin feels smooth
it was amazingly even toned.
it lathers very nicely
it is perfect for my combination skin.
my pores look better than ever
and evens out my skin tone.
it also leaves my skin very silky smooth
it made my face calm and smooth.
the texture of my skin feels amazing
amore leaves my skin feeling plump
perfect for dry skin.
it lathers nicely and feels very luxurious!
my skin has a fresher glow to it
you will see a change in the way your skin glows in a couple of days
my skin has improved and is looking radiant!
it is so silky smooth
it feels so smooth
it's so smooth, absolutely luscious!
my skin is clearer
my skin literally looks glowy now without makeup.
the glow that i have its just amazing
leaves skin looking plump
my skin looks amazing
instead helped even out my skin's texture
this product improves my complexion.
in 3 days my oily blemished face was smooth
it's really made a difference in the texture
very light with a nice texture
it comes in a very sleek
my skin definitely looks brighter
it glows, and not in a bad way.
it feels like silk on your skin
it left my skin smooth, clean, and supple.
my skin has been dewy
it keeps my skin flawless
my skin feel perfect.
i went in to sephora for some lips gloss
my skin is looking brighter healthier
it has a very pleasant texture
my foundation looking smooth on top of this
all that's left is super smooth skin
makes my skin feel lovely
my face feels plump after using this product.
it plumped my skin
my skin is perfect
the consistency of this product is not too liquidy
my skin looks better than ever
my skin looked refreshed and plump.
so smooth and youthful looking.
and, the texture of my skin is divine!
my skin looks so healthy and radiant.
you will get a perfect dewy look
gives me a nice glow
it gives my skin a glow
the texture is great and goes on smooth.
superb, even for my normal-to-dry skin.
my faced looked brighter
nice gel that leaves skin velvety and smooth.
i like the texture and use it at night.
does not give you break out adding a nice smooth texture to your skin
it goes on smooth
leaves the skin looking bright
it makes the texture of my skin better
my skin looks amazing and clear.
i noticed my skin looked absolutely radiant
my make-up now glides on
i also noticed my skin looked smoother
makes my skin feel plump
leaves a fabulous matte finish.
my skin looked healthier
it's a bit thicker in texture than i like
giving it a supple youthful look without looking greasy or breaking me out
it works perfectly fine on my skin
it makes my face feel so smooth and beautiful.
probably the most effective brightening/radiance serum i've ever used
noticed that my skin was brighter
my skin is brighter and more even.
it help my skin feel and look healthier.
also my face always looks so radiant.
my skin is brighter, smoother and clearer.
this has made my skin look flawless
my face is brightened
my texture looks waaaaay better and brighter.
makes my skin glow
more even toned skin
skin looks dull again
my skin is brighter
overall my skin is brighter and more even.
:d it also brightens my face nicely.
it makes the skin clearer
my skin looks healthier, almost glowing.
it certainly aids a dull complexion
brightens my skin as well.
it instantly brightens and firms my skin.
my skin is even-toned and really is glowing.
youthful glow since i started using this
not only does it make your skin more radiant
it helps with evening out my skin tone
added a nice overall glow
i noticed better skin tone pretty quickly
my overall skin tone is much more clear
my skin appears brighter
it smoothes texture and evens tone.
my face looks fresher
it makes my skin look so healthy
my skin is so much brighter
my skin feels younger, brighter and radiant!
my skin looked soooo much brighter after only using it for a month
makes my face look so refreshed
this one improves the smoothness of my skin
my skin glowed and felt firm, yet soft.
it really does brighten up my skin
makes everything look soft
my skin tone looks more even
the texture is already smoothing out
glow of my skin in 2 weeks
it does give a beautiful glow to my face
my skin looked brighter
my skin was so bright
skin tone much more even
bright i don't need a foundation
it immediately brightened my skin
left an amazing glow
totally evens out my complexion
it's made my face brighter
appears brighter/ less dull
really bright orange color
this is very muted
my face seems to look more radiant
great to give your skin that extra brightening throughout the day
it has given my skin a beautiful glow
has given my face a nice smooth surface
my skin looked so radiant and healthy.
my skin looks brighter
with the dull skin
my skin looks so refreshed
it is helping my complexion a lot
it worked wonders for my dry sensi-skin
my skin looked great
restore a healthy glow to aging skin
this serum leaves skin with a velvety smooth texture which means that you need far less foundation than you normally would as make up just glides on
the serum does an absoloutely wonderful job of brightening skin
my skin looks radiant and my pores are shrinking.
left me with a great complexion.
the smoothness of my skin's texture
color is very improved
my skin is beautiful
it really does have a glow.
my skin is definitely smoother
my foundation appeared slightly darker on my skin
however if it's to brighten dull skin
the active radiance serum makes your skin glow.
my skin def looks nice
it brightens up my complexion like no other product ever has
which makes it look more youthful
it brightens those up as well
this brightens the skin instantly
skin looks like it is glowing within
receive lots of compliments on how lovely my skin looks
gives it a nice glow
feels marvelous on my skin
it brightens my skin and clear the acne.
you'll see a difference in the overall brightness
softness of your complexion in a week
it lightens my sun spots
my skin looks and feels wonderful!
my skin looked brighter and younger.
my face seems to be brighter
my skin feels plump and looks much better.
my skin is softer and brighter and it does glow!
my skin was bright
it realy does make your skin glow healthily
it keeps your skin youthful and glowing.
loved how it made my skin glow
my skin looks wonderful.
my skin was looking unbelievably radiant
this radiance serum seems to keep my skin "balanced
the texture is smoother
this serum really brightens your skin.
silky smooth, soaks in nice and feels soft.
this serum tingles in a pleasant way when you first put it on
radiance in my skin
my nose felt smooth
the next morning my skin looks clearer
my skin looks amazing.
in face, skin simply was clearer and smoother.
still manages to make it soft
my skin feels smoother and my pores look smaller.
it makes your skin feel magical
my skin looks clearer
gives skin an incredibly smooth appearance
left my skin feeling amazingly smooth
it made my skin smoother
my nose is so smooth its incredible
my skin look more brighter
provides a beautiful glow, short and long term.
my all skin texture just looks smoother
skin is brighter and tighter.
skin feels soft and radiant.
his skin is noticeably smoother
his skin has transformed itself
skin is tighter and smooth.
his skin looks younger
something to even out tone/texture
gives an instant glow :)
this makes him glowy,well-rested and sexy!
it makes his face look vibrant and sexy!
my skin looks instantly smoother
the under-eye area is smoother
it seems to help smooth the skin under my eyes.
this stuff still makes my eyes bright
leaves you looking radiant
the eye contour is ok
but my eye area does feel smoother
i do feel my eyes are smoother looking
lightweight product that brightens eyes
i will say alone for the spot fading with glowing complexion it's pretty nifty
it made my skin look firm
her skin looks flawless
it glows after its applied.
my skin looks a bit more radiant after a few days as well
the texture of my skin is better
i needed something lighter
it makes my 46 year old skin look 36.
it glows and the texture is great.
gives you subtle lift
my complexion is starting to look a little refreshed
skin tone is glowing
have to color my brows
it makes my skin feel firm and smooth.
my skin tone looked more even
my skin was amazingly smooth
- my skin is lovely.
it keeps my skin looking youthful and glowing.i
it keeps my skin tight and toned.
my skin looks smooth
i love what this product does to the texture of my skin
this has kept my skin smooth and wrinkle free.
gives skin great smooth texture
the 'face lift' does give you a feel of youthful collagen-full skin
my skin is brighter, tighter & more even.
everything is tighter and smoother.
my skin was smoother the next morning.
now my skin looks beautiful.
after 2 weeks my complexion was luminous
i think this enhances the smoothness
my skin texture has improved
my skin looked flawless
i now have dewy
my skin has never been "luminous"
my skin texture is even
my skin is super smooth
helps restore and keep a my skin glowing.
has balanced my skin nicely
i wake up with a nice glow to my skin
my skin tone has evened out considerably
my skin is firmer, more even, glowing and smooth.
my skin is tighter, less lines and smoother.
my skin looks much younger than that
it makes my skin look perfect.
my skin feels perfect
my skin underneath was glowing
color in my cheeks
leaves your skin rosy
this mask helps clear up all of my blemishes
it makes your skin feeling fresh and smooth.
my weird bumpy skin was smooth
every time i put it on my face instantly feels smoother
it looks shiny all day
the texture is great
makes my face look radiant
this mask is perfect.
fresher looking skin all around
my skin texture has smoothed out
smooth after one use
i got a stunning complexion
also keeps my skin smooth
this works perfectly for my blemishes
my face is matte
makes my skin look better
my face already feels smoother
it also made my skin smoother and more radiant.
this mask works wonders for my skin.
smooth all for just $20
just by the color change in my skin tone
skin texture seriously improved
my face was smooth
my skin feels smooth
leaves my face visibly smoother
it instantly brightens my under eye area
leaves it glowing every time i use it
evens the skin texture
my face looked flawless
this just makes my skin smooth
my skin looks smooth
this cream has utterly transformed my skin.
leaves skin feel smooth
my skin just looks brighter
is a wonderful texture/luminosity with no breakouts since
it's lightweight, effective, and soothing.
it feels so luxurious
my skin is brighter
i did notice my skin became so radiant
given me a healthy glow
i've noticed that my skin overall looks more brighter
i loved the gleaming look after i applied it.
noticed that my skin was brighter
my skin was smoother
my skin looks sallow
i don't have a nice glow
the texture is grainy
my skin feels like heaven
i noticed a evening skin tone
felt a overall tautness to my skin
leaves my skin more supple and smooth.
my skin is super dewy
i love the glowing
dewy look on my face
i get a beautiful glow without it looking greasy
don't like the texture of the skin of my face
my face was smooth
also keeps away wrinkles amazingly
it has transformed my skin
my skin is radiant
even better- my skin is looking almost flawless
my skin looks great
my skin looks smoother
makes her skin radiant
most noteably firmer jawline
skin is luminous and smooth as if lasered.
a nice consistency- on the thicker side.
because the texture is just smoother
the texture of my skin has drastically improved
gives my face a dewy finish
giving my skin a smoother appearance
my skin is so smooth
brightened with an even skin tone
my skin looks great
works amazingly with the eye cream.
my face felt soo smooth!
my face stays so radiant all day long
it works beautifully with my regimen
my skin feels velvety
my skin was smoother
my skin is supple and glowing in the morning.
my skin is glowing
the texture is soft
overall my skin looks "younger" fresher
has smoothed the overall appearance of my skin
it has truly helped with the smoothness
within days my skin looked vibrant again.
my whole complexion looks tighter and fresher.
my face feels smooth
my skin looks and feels smooth and tight.
my skin looks so dewy
i find my skin is much smoother
it has transformed the texture of my skin.
my face looks radiant
unevenness in my skin tone
in just 5 days i had the most gorgeous looking skin
it's helped my skin look healthy
i like the effect it has of smoothing my skin
made it look so much more radiant
because your skin feels like satin afterwards.
my makeup goes on smoother with this
my skin truly looks flawless under foundation
my skin was smoother
skin was not smooth
this product has refined my complexion by tightening pores
skin tone is so much nicer
i really feel this cream brightened my complexion
which makes me feel more spry
this stuff is great, it makes my skin glow!
it leaves my skin supple and brightened.
with a more even texture
clarity of my skin is amazing
my skin is more radiant
i can't believe the way my skin just glows morning
my skin looks clearer, smoother and firmer!
this product truly transformed my skin.
aside from giving my skin that healthy glow
this made my skin so bright clear and smooth.
healthy, youthful and radiant skin, yes, please.
it is definitely unique in texture
makes my skin look smooth
it is so light in texture
having beautiful skin gives me a new found confidence
i say "unique" because the texture is so lightweight
an uneven skin texture
everyone's skin is different
promises from complexion to smoothness
my skin consistently looks smoother
it really works-- my skin is luminous and soft.
i noticed a difference in my skins texture
the color was more even
my skin is in decent shape
the clarity is smooth
well i have never had luminous skin
my skin looks brighter
after using for 1 week my skin looks more radiant
my skin is almost perfect
leaves my skin smooth
helps brights my skin
my skin was radiant
makes my skin glow/radiate instantly
my skin is now brighter
makes skin look younger
my skin looks more even
like a healthy glowing look.
asked how come my skin looked "milky smooth"
my skin looks wonderful
offers the skin tone correcting to erase stuff from the skin
my skin has a beautiful texture throughout the day as well
this is a great brightening
my skin looked smooth
does give me a little glow
the dark spot corrector
my skin feels extra smooth
i also got a lot of compliments that my skin looks brighter
the texture of my skin is becoming smoother
my skin was brighter
this moisturizer has greatly improved my skin tone
overall appearance of my skin
your skin texture is more supple softer vibrant with a healthy glow
given me a much better skin tone
feels nice and creamy without feeling greasy.
color for the better
my skin is radiant and it feels softer.
it definitely helps even skin tone.
she definitely had more of a glow
this product doesn't make my skin look dull
it makes my skin appear brighter
it's great for for both mature and youthful skin.
my skin looks great
it also, leaves my skin silky smooth.
my skin is smoother, soft and supple.
skin feels really smooth
even tones your skin
makes your skin radiant without make-up
my skin looks fantastic
my complexion looks much more even in tone
it seems to be brightening my skin
evening my skin tone
brightens when i wear it alone
so my skin glows
overall my skintone is more even
it brightens my face
just generally uneven skin tones
i can see them all blending away so my skin looks smooth
my skin looks even toned
my skin tone looks great
leave a slightly ghostly sheen on your skin
i like the texture
my skin tone does look more even
it really evens out my skin tone.
it doesn't feel at all cakey
it leaves you with a dewy glow
my skin is absolutely even with a healthy glow
can at times makes face look shiny
it has nice texture
has a nice duey glow after using it
my skin has a "dewy" glow...not oily.
velvety feel diminishes the look of crows feet
my face is lighter
my skin definitely looks better and more radiant!
skin looks more overall healthy
maintain an overall better skin tone
the texture feels very nice
light weight perfect for day
i start notice that my eyes looks fresher.
didn't care for the eye shimmer
the skin even a little plumper
youthful skin even at 60
the color of my under eye skin is much improved
this really improved the smoothness of my eye lids
it really brightens up my eye area
it makes the under eye area brighter
it does seem to smooth wrinkles
this cream really brightens my eye area
gives smooth and velvety texture to my skin.
the product does have a good texture
very smooth under make up.
it is much brighter looking.
the skin around my eye looks brighter
it brightens the under-eye area really well
doesn't give a shiny look
my skin is looks marvelous.
the consistency is very light and silky.
this makes your skin feel velvety smooth
feels like silk on the skin.
plus my skin is soft and smooth.
velvety feel to the eye area
the slight crepiness to the texture of the skin is completely gone
texture in the skin around my eyes
overall texture of my skin has improved.
they are a bluish tint
keeps her skin nice
has a slightly pearly color/sheen to it
it's a nice creamy consistency that takes my makeup off really nicely
keeps my complexion normal
i also sub in the facial radiance wash that has a small amount of natural exfoliates to give the skin a nice all over glow
makes your skin looking flawlessly
my skin looked rough
it's soft and matte looking.
it leaves my skin smooth
it has made my natural skin glow
makes my skin look radiant and clean!
it leaves my under eye looking brighter
brighten my dark circles
makes my skin look great!
perfect for her puffy
i feel like it makes my eyes look more youthful
noticed that my undereye is much brighter
the cool serum inside brighten my eyes
it looks brighter and more awake.
make your eye area look refreshed instantly
my eyes are brightened and not puffy.
it's a great product it really reduces the puffy eyes
it was refreshing and light.
it helps depuff my eyes
brighten up your eyes
i like the subtle shimmer that helps hide dark circles
amazing and great for oily combination skin.
this was perfect for soothing the dry patches.
leaving a smooth natural finish
my skin was feeling smooth
this has brightened my skin
the consistancy is light
making makeup application a breeze
this really helps soothe
it keeps my skin balanced
it's a perfect canvas for makeup
it makes my skin glow
dry legs a real makeover
it doesn't seem to add to the oiliness
once it sets it leaves the skin matte
it looks like i'm wearing a highlighter
it goes on smooth
my face looks dull
my skin is also so much smoother.
my skin is smooth
my skin texture appears more refined
my skin is smooth
my skin feels smooth
now my skin looks flawless
doesn't have any texture
after a month my skin of normal texture
after two months my skin is absolute radiant.
it feels creamy but gets absorbed well.
much easier to correct the skin tone
in the morning, my skin looks great!
the texture was smoother
makes color correcting easier
it makes it so much smoother
immediately i noticed a cool calming sensation
my skin looked great
have noticed a bit of a texture difference on my cheeks
where this product shines
my skin looks amazing
definitely calms my skin
i've always been a really ruddy person
as for the texture of this product
n the texture of my skin
definitely improves my skin
with the rest of my complexion a transparent ivory
it brings some much needed smoothness to the rough areas
it has brightened my skin dramatically!
it maintains my skin balance beautifully
my face looked plump as a baby's
my skin is seriously glowing
my skin looks more supple and healthy.
my face is brighter
it brightens my skin again
my skin feels calmer
more supple than before
it has transformed my skin
it has a very silky feel
my skin is smooth and glowing in the morning!
my skin is far more smoother
the consistency of this serum is very easy on skin
they feel very smooth
my skin felt smoother
product helps with texture
my skin is clear and smooth.
healthy glow that i am not used to
it has already improved the texture of my skin.
i started getting all this texture
more beautiful skin in the morning
re-texturing for my skin
my skin is smoother
it also has changed my skin texture.
my skin was already smoother and more vibrant.
left it with a silky finish
gives you smooth radiant skim in the morning when you wake
suffer from uneven texture
it lets your healthy skin shine through
that's what makes you radiant
my face is glowing
it seems a lot smoother, even-toned and bright!
however, the texture of this product is amazing.
wake up with glowing skin
the texture of this feels very nice in the skin as well
also brightens my skin
it makes my skin look 10 times better
overall my skin looks healthier
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin is so smooth
i do find it makes my skin look refreshed
my complexion is even more radiant
since after applying it your skin looks luminous
the retinol in this product will make your skin look flawless without makeup
mu skin absolutely looks smoother
it goes on silky
kinda reminds me of the silkiness of smashbox's photo finish primer
my skin feels so supple
the texture of of my skin improve
make up stays looks fresher longer
my skin has great clarity
my skin was immediately smoother
my skin just looks better
my skin had a brighter tone to it
my skin seems brighter and more glowing also.
also it glides on very easily.
my skin looks nice
tighter look to my skin
my skin is dewy
it leaves my skin even toned
i feel like the skin under my eyes is smoother
texture has improved immensely
my sheer make up glades on very nicely
i really like the texture
everything just look bright
my skin is much smoother now
my face is much smoother the next day
my skin feels lighter
i notice that my skin is smoother
i like the way it smoothes my skin.
i noticed my skin texture
a good compliment to the firmx peeling gel.
makes your skin look young
my skin is smooth
has made my skin smoother
more even toned with no flaky skin after effect
leaves your skin smooth
this cleansing oil does a superb job in removing my mufe matte velvet foundation
my skin is clearing up beautifully.
it is silky against the skin
the product does for me stop the shiny shiny sweaty look
this does cause your skin to appear more matte
amazing for my combination skin.
i love the matte finish
clear my skin looked
while i love the turnaround radiance renewer
it works well for keeping my oily skin matte
my skin is still matte at the end of the day
the combo keeps the shine at bay.
keeps me shine free
skin texture has improved by becoming more soft
makes my skin so smooth
it glides on smoothly
it really gives that matte look
i mix this with my nars sheer matte foundation
my skin does look
everyone's skin is different
you can feel the smoothing
my face looked very smooth
this is the perfect product to use under the foundations that give you a dewy finish
this product makes my blush go on so much more smoothly by making my pores look smaller
my skin looks even
makes my skin look and feel great.
leaves skin soft and makeup goes on smooth.
it helps to give me a total airbrushed look.
it definitely gives me a smoother appearance
my skin looks great
left my complexion looking less than radiant
on the renewed youthfulness of my skin.
like smoothing out the appearance of fine lines
it is a great serum for puffy eyes
that i've noticed my skin just feels nicer
softer, more supple...healthier.
leaves my skin with a nice matte
it has a great texture that’s easy to rub in
my skin looks radiant
complimented me on how nice my skin looks
my skin feels smooth after
it is silky smooth
leaves my skin feeling like velvet
skin is still smooth
luxurious feeling on your skin
it is silky smooth when applied
i think it's helped my complexion improve.
it has improved my complexion
becoming lighter in consistency
my skin is smoother
nice gel like consistency
my complexion is visibly smoother
this moisturizer has noticeably improved my complexion
leaves my skin super soft and glowing!
i've received ton's of compliments from you looked totally rested to your skin is radiant
i like the texture and feel.
my skin definitely looked brighter
it has balanced my skin perfectly!
my skin feels dewy.
your skin is so smooth
miracle worker can give you the smoothest skin possible
my skin looks smoother
this product has helped to smooth
it comforts the skin and gives a lovely glow.
it's light and gives your skin a glow.
old with mature skin
miracle worker feels luxuriously silky on my skin
my skin is clearer
when it touches your skin
this cream is so smooth
goes on super smooth
my pores are smaller and my skin is smoother.
ireally noticed more youthful skin after using it
silky it feels when i put it on
i can see a difference in the smoothness of my face
it improved texture of my skin
leaves a bit of a glow to your skin
somewhat silkier amd softer
smoother it goes on very light
love the texture, and feel of it on my face.
my skin is more radiant
the next morning my skin feels smooth
leaves your skin so radiant!
more even skin tone
as well as a more plumped up look to my facial skin
the tone is even and the texture is smoother.
it turns into this perfectly milk smooth texture that takes off all my makeup
it truly does have a pillowy feeling
just perfectly balanced skin.
this gets a milky texture
the month sting it gives is very refreshing on the skin
leaves my skin smooth
your skin will feel softer and more radiant.
my skin is smooth
want clear smooth skin try this
its just a very smooth texture that leaves the face refreshed
this product is a gem at keeping my skin clear as well as glowing
my skin feels sooo smooth and clear.
the texture of my skin is improving every day
it just feels so milky
silky on the face
after using this for two weeks my complexion is much more radiant
smooth after i use this
the texture is very thick
your skin looks great
it has an interesting texture
skin looks very fresh, soft and brighter.
it makes your foundation look so smooth
everyone's skin is different
my skin was glowing
in addition to that my skin is gorgeous.
blemishes have diminished & my skin looks great!
whenever i get a compliment on my complexion
honestly my skin looks significantly better
it leaves your skin smooth
also some plumping & firmness & nice texture!
makes skin feel smooth
this product does give my skin a nice healthy glow
it makes my skin a bit shiny
my skin is glowing
this makes skin supple, smooth and moisturized.
this product makes my skin feel smooth
it promises to make skin more youthful.
it made my skin brighter
i will admit her skin looked brighter
i am thus far happy with the results of radiant skin
my skin looks firmer
this serum has noticibly improved the texture of my skin
chiseled look that i've never had
my skin looks firmer
my skin looks almost flawless
it made my skin firm plump, and radiant.
elasticity in my jowls have improved immensely
my skin looks great
my skin actually had a rosy
my face feels smoother and looks so much fresher.
i definitely feel this has tweaked my complexion
face feels soft, noticably lifted.
my skin was plumper
my skin looks years younger
it feels good on my skin and blends easily.
doesn't make your face shiny
it is perfectly light
it leaves my skin so smooth
amazing for oily skin
it perfectly glides on without making me feel like my face is shiny or cracking
my skin stays smooth the whole day
my skin felt calmer
perfect for my skin type!
my skin feels silky smooth
it is smooth and goes on evenly.
it makes your skin feel smooth
it doesn't brighten my skin
my face is brighter
gives me a subtle healthy glow
maybe love that silky feel
i love the silky smooth texture
it does feel light weight
the purpose of this eye serum is to not only deliver brightened eyes
there is no color tint
i layer first aid's brightening smoothing depuffer on top
it gives instant cooler sensation
i didn't noticed the brightens efect
the serum keeps my skin smooth.
the glider feels very cool under my eyes
i like the texture
there are no sparkles in this
definitely helps my eyes look women up
refreshing your eyes in the morning
nice touch with the ergonomic design
light texture, non-greasy.
i think it does make my eyes a bit brighter
plus, the rollerball feels so soothing and cool.
very soothing on the eyes
my eyes look much better
my skin had been looking less radiant
my skin was glowing
still got compliments on my glowing skin
my skin tone is perfectly even
my skin is taut
perfect for winter skin
texture is finer and feels tighter.
white lucent seemed to make my skin tight
rubbing my face seems counterintuitive if maintaining youthful skin is the goal
this product made my skin become super silky
use it to give you the smooth geisha face you see on film
it has a subtle illuminating quality making skin appear more youthful
i get an immediate smooth sleek texture to my skin
very touchable like powder
how it glides to my skin it's just fantastic
my skin in smoother
the texture is is hard to explain.
my skin feels like absolute silk
my skin was so bright
my skin looks younger
makes my skin feel so smooth
it gives the perfect light moisture with a velvety feeling
my dark under eye pigmentation has lightened to a pinkish color
tone makes my skin feel silky smooth
white lucent brightening serum
my face actually glowed.
made me glow better
it makes my skin glow
my skin looked incredible
my skin is noticably smoother
it left my skin so silky smooth and soft.
leaves the skin with a muted
definitely gives a nice glow!
this makes your skin glow
so soft fills in lines even seems like it plumps the skin a little
my skin took on a beautiful radiance
my skin looks great
i received a few compliments that my complexion looked really good
my skin just seems smoother
it makes my skin look and feel beautiful!
my complexion was nice and smooth.
my skin looked lightened somehow in a good way
my face looked smoother
since it smooth my skin immediately
it was very smooth
my skin is glowing
i currently feel radiant.
leaves face soft and radiant as well!
this product just makes my skin look
lifeless now it is glowing
my skin was suddenly radiant
my skin seems more radiant
it has smoothed my skin
toned my skin as well
it makes my skin smooth
my skins looks great
it makes my skin look so smooth
my skin now looks porcelain smooth
nice and smooth, soft like a baby skin.
this product provides so much glow to my oily to dry skin combination
it makes it feel so smooth
my makeup sits wonderfully on top
leaves my skin so smooth i love it
my skin looks great
this has completely transformed my skin.
this formulation makes my skin feel youthful
i would prefer a more cosmetically elegant formulation
plump up the complexion as advertised
it leaves my skin glowing
it is magic for my skin
nothing keeps you plump
makes my skin feel silky smooth
i can truly see my skin more radiant
makes skin feel smooth
since i start using my comfort creme my skin looks so much even in color
it has totally improved my whole complexion
my skin is flawless and *hydrated* all day.
this face cream feels smooth
it's a lttile thick in texture
goes on seamlessly like a perfect spa experience
now after couple of weeks of using it with the serum skin smooth even toned
the consistency is lighter than the day creme
the texture is just perfect
light texture, fresh effect.
goes on silky smooth
it makes my eyes feel refreshed
smooth the look under my eyes
my eyes feel better and look brighter.
it's a light jelly textured cream that goes on smooth
the dior 5 color eye shadow are my favorites
luxurious texture that feels refreshingly cool under my eyes
this eye cream feels luxurious on my eyes with no irritation
hydrating cream that helps me look bright eyed
lightens and brightens eye area in a natural way.
i also really like the texture
the texture feels great
it has a great gel like cooling consistency
very nice eye cream
it is light-textured
this eye cream has a wonderful light
feel on my skin is superb
is soothing to tired eyes
it goes on smoother
the consistency is like a gel
my eyes are brighter
it gives that area of my eye a bit of a glow.
but, the eye cream is wonderful!
the consistency is smooth
this product makes my skin look so much more youthful
perfect for my combination skin.
this is a great under eye cream with a jel like texture
it brightens my skin
makes my skin so soft, perfectly and dewy.
now my once "greasy" skin just glows
my whole face appears more even toned
it goes on smooth
to help brighten up my skin
beautiful texture, just soaks right into my skin.
evened out my skin tone
it really plumps my skin
makes it look dewy
my skin was clearer and brighter.
makes the skin supple
my skin looked a bit smoother in the morning
so far, beautiful skin.
this product has me feeling like nothing can be more beautiful than my flawless glowing skin
perfect for my mature dry skinsilky smooth with a fantastic scentoil absorbs quickly
i've also noticed my skin looking much more luminous
has made my skin so much more noticeably smoother
had its natural glow back
the texture feels great.
this serum makes my skin glow!
my skin incredibly smooth
my skin is more flawless every time i apply this.
vibrancy of my skin has transformed
my skin looks significantly better
my skin just glowed!
more even skin tone
this has transformed my skin!
this has transformed the texture of my face
evened out my skin tone
her skin is seriously glowing
my skin just glows in a way i cannot express.
the texture of my skin is improving
my skin is glowing
everyone's skin is different
the texture is really light
my skin looked completely different
my skin has a healthy glow.
my skin is now smooth and glowing.
my skin has a more even texture
it makes my dull winter skin look more fresh
it doesnt leave an oily shiny look
giving it a natural glow
perfectly smooth skin on my chin now.
i noticed my skin feeling brighter
it makes my skin flawless.
my skin seems plumped up
much more even-toned
i look constantly refreshed and youthful.
my skin looks amazing
mprove the texture of my skin
the radiance is shining through
my skin would of eventually looked fabulous
i feel like my skin glows more
a bit smoother in appearance
my skin looks smooth
my skin looks much brighter
it leaves the skin looking radiant.
it completely changed the texture of my skin.
makes my skin smooth
my make up foundation looks flawless
my skin looks wonderful
definitely smoother, softer and brighter.
my skin tone finally looks even and luminous.
my skin feels smoother and looks more even toned.
within a week not only was my skin silky smooth
it glides on silky leaving my skin so smooth
it has improved my skin's texture
redhead and it has evened out the tones
my skin is firmer and brighter.
my skin appears more youthful
it gives really nice glow to my dull skin!!
liveliness in my skin
her skin is still bright
my skin texture improved after using it a short time
my skin practically glows!
evened out my skin tone
transparent golden glow if you pick the right color
my whole face looks airbrushed
it makes my eye area feel really velvet smooth.
i love this eye cream it makes your eyelid look oh so smooth
helps with my morning puffy eyes
the cream is smooth and glides on smoothly.
my eyes are look brighter
brightens my eye area almost instantly
concealer glides nicely over
brightens the eye area
my eyes look brighter
i notice it brightens my eyes
a more refreshed under eye appearance
my concealed goes on smoother
feel that it has helped my puffy eyes
it has given me a more youthful eye contour.
brightens the eye area
skin around eyes looks bright
this product definitely makes the under eye area look smoother
brightens the eye area
the delicate under eye skin has a brighter
my eyes look brighter
definately gives my eye skin softness.
it makes my eyes look bright
this cream goes on smoothly
all i know is that my eyes look brighter
the product does brighten the skin around my eyes
my eyes look bright and refreshed.
brightens up your eye area perfectly
it makes my eye area smooth
truly keeps my skin radiant
it goes on smooth
it makes my skin look glowey
like this the best with my normal skin tone
i also find my skin has looked healthier
skin becomes smooth instantly!!
my skin looks great
once set it keeps my skin looking dewy all day long
my skin is noticeably brighter
my skin feels smooth, absolutely amazing!
it looked beautiful under one
with makeup for a more polished look
it is a tiny bit dewy after applying
my skin looks healthy
it leaves my skin dewy
it just gives my skin a glow
nice glow to my skin
it provides great moisture and is gentle.
it goes on silky not greasy at all
it gives my skin a nice radiant look
makes my skin look and feel wonderful!
my skin tone evened out
my face was much brighter
this product is the perfect way to finish off the boscia clear complexion system
this refines my skin complexion
evens out my tone
the consistency is almost like a gel
my skin is so smooth
my skin looks healthy
it feels really smooth, light, and refreshing.
it is super smooth
my skin looks brighter
my skin is smooth
makes my skin glow
i noticed within a week of use my skin texture became smoother
my face always looks refreshed
left my dry skin smooth
my skin looks visibly improved
it turns a wonderful milky texture
i love the smooth texture it gives to my face after using it
it is great for calming the skin
my skin is luminous
i'd like to find a product like my old one that also helped my skin's texture/firmness
it glides on skin silky smooth
the texture is interesting
t goes on very smooth
my skin's texture is much smoother
it gives my skin a nice texture
it's smooth and even brighter.
makes my skin look really fresh
silky on your skin
the texture is just fantastic
my skin is now blemish free, smooth, and soft.
my skin is glowing
leaves my skin fresh and glowing.
my skin feels silky
my skin is clearer
the texture is amazing
i finally feel comfortable enough to only wear lip gloss
my skin is balanced all day
does not add greasy feel or shiny look to skin
i swear my skin seems smoother already
it has made my skin much smoother
looks radiant every morning
the cream goes on smoothly
i like the texture
this product feels like a velvety primer
my face is so much clearer ans super smooth
makes your skin radiant
my face looks beautiful
also my skin remains matte looking
still feels soft with a healthy glow
that seems lighter to me
the overall texture of my skin is greatly improved
i like how the texture is
your skin is left luminous for days
my texture has improved
my skin instantly looked brighter
i can feel my smoothness of my skin right away!
my skin is so smooth
my skin looked clearer
my face was noticeably brighter with less redness
make your face look more flawless
it also leaves my face looking luminous which is a plus
this made my skin smooth and even.
my skin feels smooth
it also brightened my skin
really does make my skin feel smooth
this mask makes my skin more radiant and bright.
my skin feels softer and pores look smaller!
giving the illusion of softer skin
i feel like it does help to smooth my complexion
right after this makes my skin is just glowing!
this gives my skin the most radiant glow
it makes my skin look luminous
makes my skin look beautiful
keep my skin bright
it isn't greasy and leaves a nice, soft glow.
my skin looks great
i think my skin looks brighter
gives the skin a dewy finish
it will brighten your face
it has a nice texture
the skin feels healthier
your skin feels like silk
my skin feels and looks fabulous!
soaks in to my skin easy and feels great.
it leaves a nice radiant glow
doesn't leave skin looking shiny
makes my face smooth
my skins already brighter
very light and perfect for my combination skin.
my skin feels balanced
flawless and smooth in under primer and makeup.
makes my skin velvety.
does a great job brightening skin
gives me a nice glow
suppleness it gives my skin is worth every penny
it looked fresh and dewy.
it looks very white
it does leave your skin with a sheen/shine
have a dewy look all day
instantly makes your face look luminous.
gives it a natural glow
it also gives me a very glowing dewy look
make my face look chalky
actually does make my face look a bit brighter
my skin is brighter
my skin is smoother and has a nice glow.
my skin is dewy
the consistency is a little thicker
my skin is considerably smoother
i love the way it makes my skin feel smooth.
it also is really good at minimizing texture.
my skin is so smooth!
great texture as well
brightens my skin as much as my primer
it makes my face feel smooth
it instantly makes your skin look better
overall my skin is smoother
mostly just in texture
my skin surface was not as smooth
my complexion started to get dull again
in just one night my skin became noticeably smoother
my skin is smoother
my skin looked luminous
it keeps me matte all day
my skin feels much smoother
overall texture to my face was smoother
luminosity have greatly improved
it is smooth & bright.
my face is smoother @ this time.
wish it also refined skin texture
more importantly gives your skin such nice tone
my skin is definitely more smooth
my skin looks healthier and smoother.
my skins looks good
the first one was a more "yellowish" color?
my skin is smoother
her overall skin texture looks a lot better already
it helped the texture of my skin
i love the way this makes my skin feel velvety soft
believe i see better skin texture
to help even out skin tone
it brightens up a little bit of skin tone
my face felt smoother
felt smoother for sure
my skin looks smoother
my foundation seems to just glide on
made my skin feel so much smoother
the serum has a smooth feeling
my pores look amazing!!!
my skin is smooth
for it wasn't really brightening my eye
i do think this makes my skin appear brighter
a little more youthful/lighter
it really improves the skin
it soaks right in and keeps my skin very subtle.
my skin just looks so much better -- firmer
in the texture of my skin
my skin feels smoother than ever!
it is definitely soothing
i believe it has a plumper look
i think my undereye area looks brighter
this eye cream is wonderful as it feels so creamy
it makes my eyes feel amazingly hydreated
no need to use a lot to make your eyes supple
it does a really good job of smoothing my fine undereye lines
my eye area is brighter
my complexion is more vibrant
foundation always glides on
the tone of my skin has improved tremendously
firmed into my skin
my skin was plumper
it leaves my skin silky
never helped with the texture
my face feels like silk
my face is so smooth
makes my skin look great
it also helps create a perfectly smooth canvas for my foundation when i apply murad on my face in the morning
non greasy yet rich and smooth.
it's a wonderful "re-boot" product to calm the skin
i wake up with incredibly smooth skin
your skin feels velvety soft after each use
i've noticed my skin looking a lot smoother
my face looks dewy
wake up feeling gorgeous with a more even -toned
this makes my face feel smooth and soft.
my skin tone looks more even
my skin looks 5 years younger.
my skin feels smoother
skin is radiant after using it morning
texture of this cream is exactly right
supple throughout the day
found that my skin looked duller
leaves the skin silky soft
my skin feels better and smoother.
foundation go on smoother
it is so thick and silky.
leave my skin silky smooth.
i love the way this milk makes my skin calm
makes my skin glow
also makes my skin glow
perfect for a dry skin-smooth silky skin after using the product
it makes my skin silky
dior products will always make your skin smooth
your skin will be soft and "silky smooth".
keeps skin in balance
this makes my face so vibrant
found over time my skin is smoother
it gives a smooth canvas for makeup.
my makeup looks smooth
it gives you this luminous look to your face
the texture is just perfect to me
its pretty light for a cream
amazing for dry skin!
has a nice natural radiance to it
feels like a thicker cream
gives a radiance to my skin without making me appear oily
makes my face so soft and smooth.
my face is smooth
leave your skin smooth
gives me such a glow.
made my skin all glow-y
it gives me a dewy look
provides a pleasant cooling sensation
get great moisturizing as well as dewy looking skin under my makeup- my skin looks great with this
my skin looks radiant
this cream is very rich and smooth.
it helps my skin be more balanced
blending more difficult on my cheeks
i like the bobbi brown “vitamin enriched face base” much better
it makes the under eye so smooth
this is just the right texture
3- the cream adds a bit too much shine for my liking
helps makeup glide on
this eye cream gives me life!
it also gives your eyes a soft non oily glow.
jus statred using it in hopes to make my eyes more vibrant
brightens my dark circles
supple throughout the day
makes makeup glide perfectly over it
i've never tried an eye cream that feels as silky
it goes on creamy and settles in very nicely.
leaves your skin feeling silky
overall great eye cream for 20's
my concealer looks seamless
it is so smooth
makes my bobbi brown longwear foundation go on so smoothly
my under eye area looks flawless with this eye cream underneath
the skin was perfectly smooth the next morning
my eyes are noticeably brighter
this eye cream really helped!
this leaves your skin looking smooth
keeps my skin clear
it has evened my complexion
smooth, not greasy, cool one.
my skin seems brighter
the texture of my skin has smoothed out
it appears more radiant
gives an overall glow to my complexion
much more even skin tone
a beautiful natural radiance will come through your skin even if it isn't currently sitting on the skin
it gives your skin its natural youthful glow back
i feel like my skin is more even-toned
keeps my skin looking glowy
absorb fast and makes my skin glow!
smooth my skin looked
i look radiant and glowing and fresh.
glides over your face so nicely
my skin looks airbrushed
my skin has the right amount of glow.
foundation look smooth/natural looking
it feels semi light
it makes my overall makeup look 10x better
it makes your make up look flawless
it helps my foundation look beautiful
it literally looks like i have flawless skin!
makes my makeup look flawless
almost looks like i'm glowing
makes my skin nice and smooth
makes my acne dull dry skin look better instantly
this keeps my skin looking natural.
it goes on smooth
it doesn't accentuate oilier areas of my face
this makes your face so smooth
tone improvements for my skin
sounds beneficial to skin care
my foundation has never looked so smooth
a shining beacon of hope for oily skin women like me
leaves my skin a little too shiny to be a primer
this makes my base look flawless
my skin has become so much brighter
my skin looks amazing
it makes my face perfectly primed for foundation
it makes your skin smooth
this makes my makeup glide on effortlessly- like the foundation is melting into my skin
it makes my foundation looks flawless
this works amazing to help with inconsistent skin textures
makes my face so smooth
she says that she loves the way it glides on her skin
to brighten her skin a little
it really helps with my skins texture
even with my combo skin it really helped my makeup blend
works like a charm for my combo skin!
my skin looks perfectly even
gave me that natural healthy glow
i can tell my face looks smoother
it doesn't create that chalky feeling that makes foundation go on smoothly
it moisturizes and keeps my skin looking bright.
vibrant skin is what this product gives me
matte at the same time
primes my skin so beautifully
it's an effortless glow is the best way to put it
my face looks fresher and my makeup lasts longer.
i swear my skin looks more dewy
my makeup always looks flawless.
the texture of this is thick so a little goes a long way
supple without the greasy feel
helps my foundation apply super smooth.
my armani foundation goes on so smooth
even my cream contour, it's perfect!
my skin looks seamless
adds a great dewy effect
it does feel smooth
as it is a thick consistency
a more even skin tone
i wake up and my skin is smooth and supple.
i will even wear this under my foundation for a dewy glow some days
i can also dot it on my cheekbones over makeup for a "glow"
made it feel fuller
goes on thick, but feels luxurious.
it just makes my skin bright and smooth.
have been told it glows
it gives me a soft dewy look
wake up looking dewy
feels so luxurious on your skin
it helps clear my skin
it gives me a nice dewy glow all day long which my skin has been lacking for so long
light texture that provides a nice sheen to the skin in addition to protecting it
a light film under foundation makes it apply flawlessly
my skin looks perfect
only made it really shiny
smoother to the touch not to mention feeling really moisturized
should be applied over make-up for a soft dewy glow
in the morning, my skin is smooth and glowing.
my skin feels a lot smoother
my skin looks great
made my face look fresh and smooth!
the area looks brighter
fine lines appear smoother
the texture is really thick
i’m fairly happy with this- my concealer goes on much smoother
this eye cream is very rich
the texture is very thick
it feels comforting, soothing and firming.
my overall eye area looks brighter
afteri liked the tinted balm i came back for skin care products
this eye cream is wonderful.
my forehead is smooth
awesome even saggy skin is firm.
s instant firmness is amazing
ladies, this tightens and brightens.
love the smooth effects this provides to my wrinkles
my skin is clearer & firmer.
the result is even toned , soft, and toned skin!
leaves face looking wrinkle free flawless like a baby face
have youthful looking skin
the end result is just lovely: a smooth youthful face
the smoothness of my skin is so exhilarating to me because this product makes me look so young looking
it leaves my skin looking noticeably firmer all day
i drys very matte, which is awesome.
am truly impressed with how smooth it leaves your skin
gives you a polished look
crepe like appearance under my eyes
makes the skin like a baby's bottom
the smoothness lasts all day.
i feel it a lot smoother
i like how this makes the texture of my skin feel
the overall appearance is brighter
my skin looks smoother and plumper.
i noticed my skin become smoother
it comes out dewy
my skin looks years smoother
the texture of my skin is improved
my skin looks younger and cleaner.
my redness is also disappearing so my skintone is looking pretty even
leaves the skin feeling velvety soft
it has made my skin glow
look so much healthier
leaves my skin feeling supple
the texture is amazing
my face feels smooth
i really feel that this moisturizer helped improve my overall texture
it leaves it very radiant
more even skin tone
has a gorgeous whipped textured that really sinks into the skin
it is light in texture
this is a perfect in between it's smooth moisterizing
is absolute perfection for my skin
feels like it's truly nourishing my skin
still have my face feel airy
my skin has never looked more radiant
the texture is lightweight
the difference in texture is incredible
it must have sparkles in it
my face shines bright
my face looks smooth
my face almost glows!
my skin feels perfect
my skin glows in the best way when i wear this.
when i was done the feel of my skin was so silky smooth
it is an odd texture
makes my skin look youthful and health.
so works well with foundation/glam face
leaves your skin matte
my skin feels so smooth
my complexion looks wonderful after i use it
it also makes my face look so radiant after application
my whole face also feels smoother
leaves skin very smooth
my skin is classic combination
helps to brighten your skin
this was the perfect balance of moisture
look so much smoother
my skin literally glows
depend on it to help my skin produce a youthful glow
my dewy, fresh, bright, firm skin was back!
my skin looks fantastic
only without the tint
already i am seeing a nicer glow to my skin
i do think it's improved the texture of my skin
this one glides on effortlessly
love the way this gives my skin a sheen without looking greasy
i noticed my skin looked flawless.
imoroves skin and makeup glides right over it.
i think it really improves skin tone
i really like how it makes my skin look--sort of dewy
instantly makes me look brighter
my skin was smoother
had a healthier glow after just one use
is a bit shiny under bright artificial light
my skin feels smoother
my skin gets an instant glow
my skin is looking ageless
the texture of my skin has definitely improved
my skin seemed somewhat smoother
this plumped my face
gave me a wonderful dewy glow
my complexion evened out
texture is good, absords quickly.
this definitely plumps up your skin.
i liked the texture
hubby's face is smoother already!
it looks a bit greasy
tightens and brightens your skin.
feels much better than a traditional sporty sunscreen
makes my skin even in tone
my skin looks fantastic
i found the texture to be amazingly silky
i really like the texture and the sun protection.
really smooth it into the jawline
seems to make my skin glow in the sun
this product makes it easier to conceal my puffy dark circles
it goes on completely smooth
helps brighten the undereye area
significantly improves dark circles
my eyes look instantly refreshed
goes on a little shiny
make my face look more radiant
my skin texture is starting to even out.
my foundation looks flawless when applied
it plumped my skin
my skin feels so smooth and radiant.
it adds a really pretty glow to my face
it gives that nice subtle shine
its creamy, but very lightweight and comfortable.
it literally softens your skin so much it improves the texture
my skin also looks brighter!!
my cheeks looked super dry
it made my skin feel smooth
my face is smooth
it leaves my skin so smooth
it made my face feel supple.
my skin was silky smooth
i receive so many compliments on how my skin looks glowing
my skin is perfect now
still gives you a refreshed lightweight feel
it creates a beautiful smooth base for my primer
i makes my skin feel smooth
leaves shimmer on my face :
very nice, light and smooth.
my complexion is generally clear
pleasant texture when applied
the formula glides on smoothly without the heavy cake feeling
my face feels like a baby's bottom it's so smooth
i love how smooth the cream feels on my face.
i also use the sephora luminous primer
the texture is so perfect
overall my skin feels smoother
it almost seems to illuminate my dull skin
perfect for combo skin
everything felt silky smooth
it leaves my skin smooth and luminous.
it works better than any lip plumper i ever used really enhance my lips
it really brightens up the area too
this shiseido eye cream is fantastic
future solution does everything: plumps my skin making the eyes look softer
brightens around my eyes
lightens my dark circles
just a dab is all she needed to transform one eye into a smooth
it also seems brightening
my skin was considerably more plumped
her face is flawless
blend/warm a bit with my right
lip contour rengenerating cream has nice luxurious "just thick enough" feel to it
the gold shimmer in this products lights up my face
my under eye area is smoother, brighter, fresher.
it doesn't make your eyes puffy
the skin under my eyes is smoother
it gives me radiance
visibly makes it smoother
this lightens my dark circles
adds luminosity to my eye area
it gives me instant brightening
i really like the texture
is light-reflective which is great for dark circles
lightens my dark circles
his eyes also seemed brighter
i actually looked brighter
gives the eye area an instant brightening
totally comforting cream that reduces dark circles
visibly lessens the appearance of wrinkles
my boyfriend noticed fine lines smoother
does smooth out the fine lines
noticeable difference in under eye creepiness.
it helps with my dark cicles
it goes on very smooth and light.
nothing beats this eye cream
it has a subtle sheen that detracts from dark circles
this eye cream truly helps with both
very good eye cream.
i love how smooth it makes my skin around my eyes appear
lightweight, leaves my skin feeling like silk.
leaves my skin feeling silky
the skin around my eye looks much healthier
leaves my skin dewy
it's like feeling new wrinkles form
the makeup is gorgeous
while my skin is dewy
my skin is silky smooth
my skin was flawless
there's something in this cream that just makes my skin glow
it makes my skin look
makes a difference in the appearance of your skin
my skin is healthier
my skin feels silkier than with the sheseido.
this cream made my face glowy
this cream goes on silky
it has a fairly rich texture
it makes my eyes look more youthful
it has kept my skin smooth and wrinkle free.
lines an gives my skin a radiant look
supple at the same time
gives me a nice illuminating sheen
perfect for dry skin
this cream has a very smooth texture
i can see that my skin is smoother
is perfect for dry sallow skin
i feel like my skin looks healthier
this product has definitely made my skin much smoother
my skin looks great
this is an excellent eye cream
hyrates my skin giving it a smooth
less fine lines with an overall refreshed plumped look
while improving the look of fine lines/wrinkles
makes makeup look flawless
i can definitely notice a brightness
evenness to my skin tone
this product has brightened my eyes
this is a great eye cream- light consistency with a good moisture pay off
it really helps to smooth the lines under the eyes
love this eye cream because the texture is amazing
getting a bit of refreshed contour around the eye
they just look flawless
i love the way it really softens
left my skin plump
this is the best-weightless
after all a good canvas is the start to a beautiful application my eyes are moisturized
vibrant like never before
my eyes look refreshed and younger.
this eye gel is just lovely.
the skin texture around my eyes looks smooth
you will see the skin around your eyes brighten
also made the skin look more plump
it leaves eyes refreshed and dewy.
this really brightens it up
this eye cream is fantastic!
it really wakes me up and brightens my eyes.
i get complinments on the smoothness under my eyes
my eye area looking brighter
a tiny touch is all it takes to blend in
it provides the perfect canvas for easy
softens lines and brightens eye area.
the texture is really nice though.
face looks very radiant the next morning
it has a silk like texture that glides on your skin without irritating
it was glowy and silky looking.
it makes your foundation glow
my skin had a natural glow to it
this product gives my skin a real smooth
matte during the day
my face starts to look shiny
this wonderful cream gives my skin a lift.
it also makes it more supple
after a week of use... my skin feels baby smooth!
good face cleaner on my combo skin.
it has a great texture
my skin looks great!
my skin really looks younger
it feels very smooth
this left my skin so soft and it just glows!
wake up with beautiful glowing skin
my skin is much more radiant and even.
my skin feels so smooth
feels so silky going on
makes my skin feel smooth
leaves the skin dewy
my make-up glides on beautifully
my skin seems plumper
my skin glows like nothing i have ever seen after application
this serum has made my skin smooth
made my skin smoother
silky texture that feels like it's penetrating
said my skin looked "fresher"
already my skin looks brighter
the becca barely there "foundation" now looks gorgeous on my skin as you need glowing skin to use the barely there becca product
makes you look older
my skin is more luminous
my skin instantly brighten up.
i saw my skin looking more youthful
this product along with all of the amore line will brighten your skin
give you a youthful appearance
the serum worked nicely and refreshes my skin.
my skin feels velvety
looks radiant after use
look like the color of your skin
i realized it makes my matte bareminerals foundation look so much better
his skin looks incredible
i love that this feels so silky on my skin
makes the face feel so smooth
i love how silky smooth my face feels
this product has really helped with my skin complexion
it has improved the texture of my skin
it makes my skin glowing.
this serum works wonder my face was super smooth
my face is so smooth
it keeps my skin smooth
night my face is so smooth
it gives my skin a nice diffused finish
it definitely improves the texture of my skin
i started getting compliments on my complexion
i gave it four stars because my skin looks amazing it looks smoother younger my scars are fading my its like healing my skin
improved clarity, smoother texture.
my skin looks so smooth
it seems like its probably got silicon in it that makes the surface of your skin smoother
my face definitely looks healthier
which gives me a cleaner
this product works to make you skin look a lot softer
it goes on smooth, and feels good to my skin.
your skin feels satiny smooth after using this
gives a nice soft velvety feeling after putting it on
this product makes skin seem flawless after application
the texture is very light
makes your skin super smooth
my skin is not as shiny
my skin appeared smoother
my skin also feels smoother than normal.
and it had a soft, smooth finish.
i get more complements on my skin
it glides on silky-smooth.
it made my skin feel so silky smooth instantly.
the texture is noticeably better
it goes on smooth
surprisingly my skin tone looks overall better since there is less redness to it
makes my makeup go on smoother
my face has never looked smoother.
do i now have flawless poceline skin?
it gives my skin a glow ad i do not have one wrinkle
my skin overnight is toned
it does help your skin look flawless
makes my skin feel zippy
the first night i could notice a rosey color in my cheeks
this thing really works my face glows my skin lift
my skin looks very youthful
wake up with vibrant, youthful skin.
keeps skin youthful and toned.
overall my face is smoother
velvety feel it gives you
my skin looks smoother
the texture is definitely softer
my skin is much firmer and brighter.
it leaves a brightening effect on the skin
your skin will feel marvelous
it adds a beautiful glow (hue) to my skin.
my skin is now more smooth
glowed the minute this product was on my skin
i notice a difference in my skins texture.
my skin feels tighter and more radiant!
skin tone even out
actually look porcelain-like
skin texture is better
my skin is flawless
the texture and feel is lightweight and smooth.
it glides on your skin
its light great texture feels so good on the skin
my skin feels plump
my skin feels smooth and my pores are smaller.
my skin was noticebly smoother within 1 week
it has a light texture
i like the texture of my sun-damaged skin since starting
my skin seems bright
i love how this serum made my skin smoother
my skin looks smooth and radiant.
skin appears smoother over time.
my skin looks more radiant
my skin has more radiance
my glowing skin is soft
it makes my skin just glow
my skin texture is improved
my skin has a healthy glow
my skin is smoother and brighter.
skin is glowing and just looks healthy!
my skin is much smoother
it's been 2 weeks and my skin is smoother!
dark spots from the sun looks lighter in color as well
the over look of my skin is brighter
it does what it says it does: my skin is plumper
the skin visually becomes darker
because my skin is glowing
smooth it makes my skin
makes my skin look
my skin has that glowing
gave it a beautiful glow
also makes skin glowy
my face is flawless.
the texture of my skin had chaged to a nice smooth texture
my skin looks younger
my skin is noticably brighter and tighter!
my skin looks amazing!!
keeps the texture perfectly intact
my skin just looks firmer
made me very smooth
i do see a smoothing
my face is smoother
my skin looks fresh
my skin looks smoother fresher
renewed radiance of my skin
more even skin tone
my face looks very smooth
it leaves it looking flawless
had a more youthful glow
tone and color also better.
it makes your skin look amazing.
it also really makes your skin look toned.
my skin looks smooth
the texture is rich
my skin looks brighter
my skin is sssooo smooth
my skin looks great
my skin just has a glow!
prevention to all you lovely young flawless faces
it feels fabulous on my skin
it makes skin so soft and dewy.
lovely moisturizer that seems to have helped my skin retain a more youthful appearance
this seems to smoothen out the skin
makes the wrinkles look less harsh
i feel like my skin looks brighter
i wake up with bright subtle skin
my face is smooth
less blotchy making me feel fresh
makes my skin smooth
the texture is great
my skin quality is definitely improved: smooth
it is perfect for my skin
my skin looks healthy, clear and smooth.
it is silky smooth.
illuminating while making skin super soft
my skins feels rejuvenated and silky.
dramatic differnce in skin tone!
plumped up my skin and made it look dewey.
this cream makes me look years younger.
my skin was glowing
the way my skin looks after applying
my skin looked more supple
my complexion looked fresh and bright!
i noticed a smoother fullness in my skin early on
leaves your skin with a great soft texture
this cream makes my skin look radiant
my skin looks amazing.
my face has taken on a radiance
makeup goes on smoother too.
while it moisturizes nicely i've not noticed any great changes with fine lines or wrinkles
i love how radiant my face looks after using this
my skin looks noticeably better.
it is softer and smoother.
for flawless skin results
my skin looked fresher
my skin brighter form just one use
i get compliments on my smooth
improves the texture of my skin
love how smooth it makes my skin feel
the version without the spf seems lighter
the first thing i noticed was the silky texture
my skin appeared much smoother-especially on my forehead
i can feel the slippery smoothness of my skin
my skin looks smooth and has a glow.
this cream feels rich
my skin feels very smooth and has a nice glow.
my skin has a bounce to the texture
i noticed a immeadite brightening to my skin
it makes it go on smoother and no greasy feeling.
evens my blotchy skin tone
it makes my skin glow
is remarkable for my dry skin
this product makes your skin smoother
not a dewy finish it is just like your skin
my skin was more supple
the texture was alive
this lotion makes me face smooth to the touch
makes skin feels smooth :)
glides on smooth and makes my skin feel great
skin tone is visibly evened out
i began to glow a bit
feel that it makes a differences in the texture
it makes for skin perfection and lovely glow!
it really does give your skin a youthful glow
brightness in my skin
gives me a good sun protection
it leaves my skin radiant
it is great for keeping skin smooth
the texture of my skin is like a baby's bottom.
absorbs quickly to a satin smooth finish
this stuff makes my skin look flawless.
all the uneven skin tone, gone.
the thing that sells me is the texture it makes my skin
my skin looks like i have a primer on
red skin become healthy
it goes on smooth
makes my skin feel and look beautiful.
my face feels smooth
my skin looked so fresh
it makes my skin look very smooth
feels glorious on my skin
everything is smooth and flawless!
i notice it definitely brightens my undereye
more luminous the next morning
the complete eye renewal balm from algenist has brightened
i love how this eye cream feels as well-very soothing
the texture was amazing
smoothed the skin so much
smooth texture and not greasy.
i feel like my eyes look brighter
consistent with eye cream
this creme really works it make my eyes look so revitalized
this eye cream is fantastic
i can feel my eye skin was brightened
it makes my eyes less puffy
it's got a nice texture and absorbs well.
definitely helped me looked more refreshed even without makeup
this eye cream delivers all it promises.
it goes on smooth
the skin around my eyes looks brighter
makes your eyes look refreshed
make my eyes appear more lively
lessens the appearance of my fine lines
my eyelids look firmer
my eye are brighter overall
my eyes look brighter, healthier--& younger!
it went on just gorgeously
in minutes everything is smooth looking
mix it with a darker shade of your make up
smooth under my eye
they should make tinted versions for different skin tones
subtly also lightens up the skin under your eyes minimizes shadows
makes you look much more presentable
it made my undereye circles firm and smooth!
made my eye area much smoother
i like the lightness of the eye formula
you can totally tell she has smoother skin
it gives a youthful appearance to the eye area
it totally takes away my wrinkles.
i like this texture
i think the darker color does a better job covering the pores
blends beautifully into my skin tone
like an airy putty
i love the invisible bright shade
it has a matte finish
it helps me stay matte all day
it makes my face matte & not oily at all.
makes me look like i have perfect skin!
my skin looked flawless
it also gives my skin a dewy glow
it goes on silky smooth
i like that it glides on really smooth
keeps my skin matte throughout the day
it got a little cakey
the result is smoother complexion
i also like that the product comes in different shades
leaving a silky matte finish
silky it works perfectly as a primer under foundation if you want a super smooth finish
has that sort of slippy silky siliconey feeling which not everyone loves
feels so smooth on my skin
it has an interesting texture
so my skin texture is very uneven
the texture of my skin looks even after my foundation application
this covers them beautifully
just makes my skin look smoother and brighter.
this has a nice silky texture.
looks natural and lasts all day.
the bright color reflects light to greatly reduce the visual effect of a set line
invisible bright will make you look like a porcelain doll
it creates a matte finish
it makes my skin so smooth
creating silky smooth skin
just smoothes out your entire face like a beautiful canvas
really gives the skin a refined appearance
perfectly works with my skin.
silky skin feel- foundation glides on effortlessly after application of perfector
makes skin look smoother
as it promises to give skin a matte finish
smooth skin or alone
it is a light texture
when used that way, my skin looks flawless!
i get the colorless one
it makes my skin smooth to touch
feels smooth on skin
gives a nice smooth finish
alone for adding blush
it glides on smoothly
balance out the color
it has a great matte finish that lasts all day
makes my skin look perfect.
it makes my complexion smooth
primer gives my skin a chalky look if i'm not wearing foundation over it
the invisible bright actually does just that-brightens
even though the product is light it blends nicely into my medium skin
it has a matte appearance
it gives my complexion a soft brightening glow
love the invisible bright
adds a softened matte look
it slightly brightens/lightens my face
it brightens my complexion
this glides on super smooth
blend out much easier
then blend it outward
sort of leaves an airbrushed effect
more so with the invisile bright
it makes my skin super smooth
it sort of gives me some color
it makes your skin matte
smooth base for makeup while really making skin appear smoother
some deep perfector to get a customized tint to match my skin
it feels soft and smooth.
the invisible bright is completely colorless.
it leaves a smooth, matte appearance.
almost all of the pore-focused products have texture in common -- that silky
this helps even out skin tone as well as reduce the uneven texture
it is so much lighter.
this product has a nice matte finish
it gives a subtle brightening effect
in the light tint
leaves my shiny t zone looking matte.
it gives a very matte appearance
it makes my face very smooth
my makeup looks smoother
my skin looks awesome
(four stars for the thicker consistency)
everyone's skin is different
has evened out my skin tone giving me a healthy complexion
i like the thinner consistency
instantly my skin looked better
radiant without looking glossy
i've noticed more even skin tone
improved skin texture/softness
my skin is a lot more radiant
perfect for delicate eye area
it has transformed my skin
it leaves it so soft and smooth.
my skins softer and dress dry and crackly.
all while looking youthful
adds beautiful luminosity to my skin
texture it somehow keeps my skin clear
it makes my skin look glowy and healthy.
i've noticed my skin looks better
it leaves such a natural moisturizes glowing finish to my skin that lasts all day
keeps my skin looking flawless
it is light and keeps my skin clear.
my skin feels supple
adds a nice radiance to your skin, love it.
the smell is pleasant and lightens the heart.
however this one gives the same beautiful glow to my skin for $20 less
it made ur skin smooth ,sofe and light.
it gives her a really natural glow
skin looks brighter and feels super soft.
this made my skin really smooth
it goes on smooth
yes it did brighten
the pale green glass is really pretty
helped brighten my skin-tone.
the benefit “total moisture facial cream” improved my complexion so much
makes my complexion look absolutely radiant
it even adds a youthful glow to my face
feel the smoothness all day long
mpressed by how instantly my skin seemed fresher
plumper without becoming oily
gives your skin a very smooth feel
this product adds a super soft texture to dry skin
woke up with the most radiant
aside from making my skin look super glowy
i like the consistency of the cream.
fantastic for that dry winter skin.
my skin is supple
looks brighter over time
the texture is rather thick
i am so pleased with the beautiful glow my skin has now
my skin is clearer
the korres one is much more weightless
makes my skin look much smoother
helps my makeup go on smoother.
its ultra moisture leaves a flawless feel on your skin
i find that my skin looks refreshed over night
perfect for dry skin
smoothed out my complexion
by morning, my skin looks fresh.
the product does make the eyes smoother
everyone's skin is different
i like the texture
it creates such a flawless finish
makes a smooth canvas for your foundation
this lightens them quite a bit
it's a good cheaper alternative to wearing an eye brightening mask
seems like it brightens
people are constantly complimenting my skin for how bright
it is a brightening cream
brightens the under eye area
my skin under my eyes was smooth
the skin around my eyes looked brighter
my eyes look amazing
also makes skin feel silky soft.
it has a nice lightweight texture that doesn't leave my eye area feeling greasy
it has a nice thick non greasy texture.
it's very lightweight and silky.
i do feel that it brightens my under eyes when applied
it goes on smoothly and has a nice texture to it.
it really does brighten.
i feel it brightens my eye area
this not only brightens
after using the product my skin looks calm
the texture when it dries is amazing--velvety
i think the yellow tint also helps with coverage.
the texture is very thick
this cream is a bit thicker.
seems to calm and sooth red skin.
is quite thick in consistency
goes on matte and stays that way.
this gives a nice matte finish
my skin looks more clear
it has a nice texture and absorbs well.
the texture of my skin is so much smoother!
my makeup looks flawless as well.
it looks so much more radiant
this makes my skin tight, radiant, and acne free.
it keeps my skin smooth
really gave my skin a nice "glow
my skin was bright
and i think my skin looks brighter and firmer.
my face is smooth
my skin wakes up smoother
i feel that my skin is smoother
it absolutely improves appearance
i want glowing skin
also, leaves my skin glowing.
beautifully with no irritation
my complexion is brighter
my skin looks plumper
skin tone in general
my skin looked dull
i noticed improvement in my skins texture
my skin feels firmer and really smooth.
it looks brighter and smoother.
the difference in my skin texture
my skin looks younger, smoother and more tone!
it makes my skin smooth
my skin looks clearer and feels smoother.
my skin is smoother, softer and younger looking.
this stuff is incredible at smoothing the texture of my skin
this line totally transformed my skins texture
my skin looks flawless when i'm all made up
i initially wanted this to smooth out my complexion- my skin texture was looking uneven
this has actually brightened my skin
smoothed out the texture as well as firmed it up a bit
it's nice and creamy and goes on very smooth.
love that it brightens up the eye area
my skin looked fresh
it is not a harsh polish
my eyes are brighter
very nice eye cream.
my eyes look brighter, younger.
the skin beneath my eyes is really very transparent
my eyes are brighter
well worth the price for trying to keep a youthful glow
another bonus is it helped smooth out the crinkles under my eyes
the texture is light
keeps my eye area flawless
my skin around my eyes is smoother
my eyes feel firmer and smoother.
my under eyes brighten and it is truly amazing.
now my eyes have a glow that is beautiful
smooth without the greasy feel
brightens around my eyes
improves the overall look of my eye makeup
eye brightener is a fantastic combination.
it looks so cakey
definitely brightens the area
it leaves skin looking brightened
it did make my undereye area brighter
the texture is nice
as it wears lovely
makes my eyes look rested and bright!
makes my eye are so smooth!
i really like this texture better
excellent eye cream for day
eye cream which is nice
it helps to smooth my skin out.
i want my eyes to look smooth under my make-up
this eye cream goes on smoothly
provides nice soft illumination
too illuminating for my fair complexion
gentle on the eyes and feels amazing!
my complexion is clearer, brighter, and smoother.
the texture of it is also a little weird.
it made my face the perfect palette for makeup every day
i get a smoother finish
gave me the nicest glow
my skin is smooth as ever
my skin feels much cleaner and smoother.
this is the perfect texture
it has a grainy texture
feeling so soft- my skin looked radiant
my skin feels smooth
when my skin is look patchy
i also look brighter after using this exfoliater
it helps to keep his skin clear
my face looks plump and has a healthy tone.
now that i use the whole radiant line
this product makes my skin really smooth
this definitely leans on the grittier side for an exfoliator
skin was left glowing
my skin always looks refreshed.
this helps smooth out my skin
my skin looks younger
my skin looked different
my face was brighter
your skin is smooth
leaves my skin glowing
as a companion product in the radiance regime it delivers perfectly
skin does appear more brighter.
it makes my skin look so refreshed
this makes my skin look healthy
the texture is fab it is so airy
my skin is glowing
it leaves my face soft & smooth.
in the process the face shines
this left it radiant.
leaves my skin glowing
it makes my face smoother and brighter!
my face is so smooth
it leaves my skin smooth, clean, and bright.
skin rinses clean, smooth, bright and refreshed!
it really polishes my skin for an immediate glowing shine post-rinse
this leaved my skin incredibly smooth
my skin actually glows healthy for a bit after using
gives you instant "healthy" look to your skin
i wake up with a brighter smoother face.
brightened up her skin
it makes my skin look brighter
my skin was glowing
it left a smooth surface on my skin.
it helps keep my skin smoother
it keeps my skin looking bright
it has the perfect texture
makes my skin look brighter
definitely gives a more youthful appearance
i've already noticed that it helps reduce the oiliness to my face: in the morning my complexion isn't greasy
it goes on smooth
it goes on smooth
leaves my skin plumped
softens my skin to perfection
just fresh and illuminated skin!
my skin looks a lot brighter
now has a glow/shine to it
helps with uneven skin tone too.
it has definitely brightened
evened out my skin tone
skin tone of my face
my skin glows and is super smooth and dewy.
so far the best radiance i have used.
makes my skin glow
brightens my skin right away
just gives the skin a fresh
my skin is glowing
my face looks plump and has a healthy tone.
now that i use the whole radiant line
really brightens your skin
my skin is brighter and more even.
by morning my skin looks rejuvenated
this serum definitely delivers and pleasantly so.
my skin is finally glowing
it does tighten the skin up making it look plumped
brightening effect on my skin
my skin looks glowy
this stuff is brightening
does not make skin look shiny at all
my skin was smoother
gorgeous my skin looked after applying it
i keep getting compliments on how luminous my skin is
makes my skin look and feel fresh and smooth
my skin is literally glowing
my skin was luminous
it gives my skin a nice
had radiant and plumped skin.
my complexion is brighter
my skin looks so bright
i like how it makes my skin glows
my skin is brighter and looks more even.
i got so many compliments on how my skin was glowing
radiant tone to my skin
the radiance perfecting serum delivers what it promises
i find that it gives my skin a healthy youthfulness
i didn't think the texture looked right
the biggest difference is the texture: my skin looks smooth
bottom line: it works beautifully
my skin definitely looks more full
also notice a more healthy glow.
feels really luxurious on skin
my face looks younger
it makes my skin feel smooth
it even appears more radiant
absorbs quickly, and feels silky all day.
i love that it's a thicker consistency
it has a thicker consistency
brighten the skin around my eyes
this product brightened my eyes so much
i feel they look brighter and softer.
everyone's skin is different
this face wash has that pearly noxzema feel
its even brightened my genetically dark circles.
giving a youthful appearance to the eye contour almost overnight
my under eyes skin is smoother and brighter.
it has helped brighten my under eyes.
my mother said my skin looks smoother around my eyes too
it glides on very smoothly when applying.
the spf makes my day easier
is the perfect texture
improves the look of dark circles
it pats on very nicely.
it blends so nicely into the delicate under eye skin
my eyes are brighter and younger looking!
this is a very nice eye cream.
it brightens up my dark circles
very good eye cream.
my skin feels supple and smooth after using this.
it has helped brighten my eye are.
the skin around my eyes looked healthier
a little dab is all you need- it's silky
this eye creme is fantastic
my skin is just so bright
leaves your skin soft and smooth.
a similar texture just a bit thicker
my skin looks amazing after just a few washes
my skin is glowing
my co-workers complimented how "radiant" my skin looks
this cleanse is really good and smooth....
leaves your skin refreshed & smooth.
this sound gentle enough
my skin looks so much smoother
has a healthy glow to it
my eyes are brighter.
it glides on very smoothly
goes on like silk
low for the perfect eye cream
the skin was plumper and soft to the touch.
doesn't enhance dark circles with a shiny look
it feels silky going on
it does seem to smooth the wrinkles a bit.
seems to be improving the smoothness of my eye area
it leaves your skin toned and a firm texture.
the skin under my eyes looks 100% better
it feels soothing on contact.
it just glides on
the skin was smoother
the eye cream goes on so smooth
i now have an inner glow
an even skin tone
makes my skin feel silky smooth all day long
it's an amazing primer too'n leaves my skin so silky
your skin will be glowing.
i see some plumping and even texture now.
dewy on its own
it's very smoothing to my skin
it makes my skin shiny
gives me a healthy glow
it keeps my skin glowing all day long
my skin is smoother than ever
i like the texture
it's firmed my skin
my skin looked amazing
my tired dull, dry skin looks awesome.
it is brighter, smoother, and firmer.
my skin looks better
my face still felt velvety smooth
keeps my skin well balanced
has a great healthy glow to it
my skin looks more luminous
feels like it calms my skin
the consistency is smooth
it transforms my dull
my skin is flawless
a permanent feature in my skin regiment only because it made my complexion nearly perfect
my skin is brighter and clear.
after it feels just smooth
my skin looks even
anyone with darker skin tones could benefit from this
lighter skin tones will win with either one
my skin looks brighter and more even.
overall, my whole face is brighter.
which is better than fast and blotchy!
the texture of this product is perfect
it leaves your skin silky soft
i've never had skin that feels smooth
it feels so luxurious
makes my skin look
your skin looks amazing afterwards
radiant make-up base
my skin is much smooth
it leaves my skin very smooth
absolutely leaves my skin glowing is very gentle
the oiliness has improved
it leaves the skin with a nice glow
it left my skin with an amazing texture
was warm to the touch
leaves skin feeling so supple and smooth.
which is, glowing, clean skin.
i also saw some light reflective particles that left my skin looking so healthy
nice my skin looks
my face still feels heavenly soft
it makes my skin feel light , airy and soft!
my skin is definitely clearer.
my skin is even-toned
this balm has done an excellent job of fading dark spots
my eyelashes stay perfect
has brightened my skin
the eye cream is nice
great for combo-oily skin
leaves skins smooth , clean 7 refreshed
my complexion was actually clearer
it makes your face soft, clean, and touchable.
makes my skin glow
the brush gives it a little boost
my skin looks better than ever
always leaves my skin looking bright
it feels silky smooth when lathering
also makes your skin look squeaky clean immideatlyafter use
love the texture: creamy/milky with a great feel while smoothing over skin
tight it takes off everything makeup wise including mascara skin tone evened out red cheeks the smell is soft
has brightened my skin tone
does make skin smooth.
my skin looks better and better.
my skin looks amazing!
upon first use, my face looked brighter!
my complexion has definitely improved with use.
even with a little glow
my skin glows after
this gives a really nice glow to the skin
my skin definitely looks clearer
it is more radiant
it has given my skin's radiance a real boost.
keeps my skin looking smooth
works well with drier more mature skin
my skin looks fantastic
the texture of my skin is much smoother
kept my skin perfectly balanced all day
my skin is sssooo smooth
it firmed my skin
how sturdy it is
this lotion glides on smoothly
in just 3 days my skin looks so much fresher
more even toned skin
overall gives a great healthy skin look
supple skin in the morning
has also made my skin more supple
my skin glows more by the day.
it balances and evens my skin tone.
it is wonderful for my combo/oily skin
the ultra-healthy texture
the overall healthy quality of my skin makes my face look equally young
leaves my skin glowy
very soothing, brightening, and calming.
your skin will be bright
the glow lasts all day too
my skin looks amazing!
my skin is noticeably smoother
the texture of my skin seems better.
my skin was smoother
anyway, this makes my face glow!
aging skin look bright
my skin has never glowed so much!
my skin looks luminous
it's smoothes out wrinkles n i can see a glow on my skin
really does seem to smooth fine lines
skin tone looks more even
i love the lightweight texture
how smoothly the cream glides on
and my skin feels dewy and glowy.
my skin is smoother
it quickly absorbs into the skin achieving a texture to my skin so velvety soft
my skin looks firmer
my skin feels and looks amazing!
yes it makes his face shiny
soothing really magical for my older skin
i wake up with radiant
for improving skin tone
my face had a beautiful glow
my skin looks soo much healthier
my skin is almost glowing
it goes on like a smooth balm
my skin has been noticeably smoother
i noticed the smoothness right away
it glides on your skin so nicely
brighter without make up
my skin is transformed
i wake up with my skin beautifully smooth
it gives my skin a nice healthy glow
in the morning my skin feels supple
i can see that it plumps my skin slightly.
in the morning it looks so smooth
my skin is softer & smoother.
my skin felt smoother
i wake with a glow.
my skin quality is definitely improved: smooth
i rotate this lush
gives a nice glowy radiance
my sin is really glowy and bright now.
my face feels smoother
definitely think my skin looks brighter
my overall texture is a lot smoother
my skin is looking brighter
this cream has extended the improved skin tone
my skin looks so much healthier
it leaves my skin looking more plump
it absorbs quick and has a lightweight feel.
its texture looked a bit heavy
i wake up w/ smoother skin & less fine lines.
my skin looks healthier immediately.
supple my skin looks after using it at night
it definitely helps smooth wrinkles
it makes my make up look flawless
in the morning my skin looks dewy
it's texture is perfect
this cream makes my skin glow and look supple.
my skin is brighter
i can't believe how radiant my skin looks!
i do feel my skin looks more radiant
my skin looks younger
my skin is smoother
though i still prefer the texture
my pores looks so much better
it feels so silky
already my face looks brighter
my skin is smoother
the rest of skin looks a little dry
this product makes my skin look supple
this mask is perfect.
i wake up with a nice glow in my skin
keeps my skin dewy
it goes on smooth
my skin feels smooth
my makeup looks smoother and i don't feel greasy.
i wake up with plumper
my skin is supple
gives me a glow the next day.
it glides on with a silky
i also feel that it makes my skin a little more radiant
my skin really looks bright
my skin texture has improved
uneven-toned -- looks so much brighter
i think my face is brighten after used.
my skintone is even
the texture was a bit weird at first
my skin feels smoother
the next morning my complexion looked great
this has helped keep my skin smooth.
my skin is bright
it has a nice, light, gel like texture.
you wake up to velvety smooth skin
it helps with clarity and texture issues as well.
it's thick and goes on smooth.
wears beautifully under foundation
leaves my skin so nice and plump and clear.
it evens out my skin tone better than expected.
i've never seen my skin look so luminous
this cream gave me skin a brightness
bought it because it says that it would help dull skin looks dewy
it makes my skin so smooth
my skin is fresh, bright and supple each morning.
my skin looks noticeably better the next day
in the morning, my skin is glowing and clear.
the next morning my skin is plump
luxurious when you smooth it on
i wish this was a bit more brightening
i noticed my skin looking smoother
it looks more youthful
it always leaves my skin looking radiant
this product leaves my skin supple through out the night
made my face smooth.
i wake up with my skin super smooth.
makes my skin dewy
my skin was radiant
it makes my skin look dewy
my skin looked smooth
my skin just looks so smooth
this product made my skin glow on the first use
my skin looks and feels healthy.
skin has become more radiant
your skin looks refreshed
my skin felt youthful
my skin seriously glows in the morning when i use this product
my skin looking so much more radiant
my face is clearer, smoother, and brighter.
i wake up and my skin feels supple.
leaves me silky smooth
in addition to the incredible moisture it lends my skin
makes the skin glowing
that i was glowing
my skin texture has also improved.
this stuff actually made my skin look brighter
red uneven skin to glowing soft skin
it is brighter, even-toned, and moisturized.
my makeup goes on seamless in the morning
your face will be radiant by morning
i wake up and my skin is plump and glowing.
it's smooth and helps eliminate blemishes.
my skin feels silky
silky without that oily feel
it feels so so silky
my skin looks fresh
yet my skin looks smooth
my patchy skin is smooth and bright!
my complexion is brighten up after 3 weeks of use
makes my skin tone look great
keeps my skin looking
dewy all day long
the texture is a little thinner than the aqua fusion
this makes make up removal effortless.
greaseless texture make this an awesome eye makeup remover
i feel that my skin looks better
i enjoyed the color
it really feels smooth
the concealer glides on smoothly
seemed to help brighten it up a bit
this product is much lighter than my skin tone
underneath my eyes it instantly brightens the skin around my eyes
almost looks like a subtle highlighter
the origins ginzing refreshing eye cream is so pretty to look at
i enjoy the slight tingly sensation when i apply it
it seems to depuff and add a subtle glow.
i love eye creams as i am obsessed with making my under eyes-look brighter
skin under my eyes feels plump
the shimmer was the perfect amount.
it brightened up my eyes.
it gives you a pearly glow.
brightens up your skin
gives your undereye such a wonderful glow
the texture looks very creamy
with this product you'll automatically see a pearly sheen which helps with the brightening effect
gives a nice glow to my under eye
the brightening flecks definitely add some life to my skin
this eye cream is great for evening out under eye texture
orange makes your skin feel refreshed instantly.
ever-so-delicate brightening shimmer that makes you look alive
puffy eyes appear brightened
this helps my makeup not cake in my creases under my eyes
it has the slightest shimmer
the origins ginzing eye cream is fantastic.
it brightens the undereye area
love how bright and refreshed i've been looking!
i feel like it makes my eyes look brighter
made my eyes look revitalized
leaves a really nice sheen to the skin
the light pink color of this cream really helps brighten my under eyes
this eye cream gives my eyes a radiance that they've never had
overall appearance of my eyes
i love this eye cream its perfect for all skin types
refreshing and really does brighten under eyes!
it leaves my eye area smooth
i like this eye cream overall
i do wish it was a little creamier for nighttime use
overall it's a solid eye cream
it is really brightening
s great for under makeup since it brightens
have a glow-- there is a bit of a "shimmer" in the product which i wasn't sure about at first
just adds to a glowing finish
provides a smooth base underneath the eyes
gives that refreshing effect
it seems to color correct slightly
it does make my under eyes look brighter
leaves them looking bright
i can see it brighten my skin as well.
silky smooth finish of this eye cream makes it great for wearing alone or using before a makeup application
the product also contains super micro shimmers that illuminated my eye area
makes the under eye skin smooth
it brightens up my under eyes
leaves the skin around the eye radiant
it definitely helps soothe those puffy eyes.
it has a tint in it that brightens up my dark circles
it helps brighten my undereye area
when applied to the skin it leaves no sparkle/shimmer whatsoever
i feel like it genuinely brightens my skin from within
it brightens the skin and wakes it up.
because i have darker skin
i think it gave my skin a great glow
i enjoy how light this cream feels on my skin.
it definitely does the job brightening eyes
i love the consistency of this eye cream.
goes on so much smoother
it does brighten your under eye.
instantly brightens your eyes
feels great for puffy eyes
excellent eye contour cream.
the scarring has left my complexion less than beautiful
it has transformed my skin
it literally looked like i contoured my face with acne
keeps my skin bright
my skin looks better than ever
my skin is always radiant
my skin always looks youthful
nothing makes my skin as smooth.
refreshed sensation i personally crave when i'm starting my day
it feels very silky
i like the texture of it
i feel as if my skin looks glows after
this balances my skin perfectly.
it is silky smooth yet leaves no residue
leaves me with glowing fresh skin
after using it my face looks bright and soft.
my skin is balanced
a colleague even complimented me on my beautiful complexion recently
the stopper gives you the perfect little dot to rub into a blemish
from a dark skinned girl's perspective
skin looks great in the morning.
my skin color was coming back
tingling sensation this gives
he has beautiful skin.
it does leave a nice dewy look
made my skin even toned
the texture is amazing.
my skin seems silk
this product makes my skin glow.
goes on silky smooth and my skin is wicked soft.
your skin feels supple
this eye cream does smooth out fine lines
it goes on velvety smooth
claims that this has helped her complexion
it most definitely brightens your complexion
silky texture and beautiful finish.
my skin is brighter
i do feel like it makes my skin smoother.
instantly saw a fresh glow
softer skin that glowed
i noticed my skin texture is much smoother since adding this to my normal skincare regime
improves the texture of my skin
my skin looks great
makes skin feel very smooth
makes your skin look amazing
my skin was beginning to look a little dull
the radiant lifting foundation goes on like a dream over this product
gives a very nice soft diffused glow without looking oily or artificial
my skin looks amazing!
it's smooth, refined, and has that "glow."
it makes my skin feel so smooth
it has definitely improved the texture of my skin
really evens out my skin tone
does seem to make my skin glow
i've really noticed that my skin looks brighter
the texture looks smoother
this product has really made my skin glow
has improved the texture
its light texture makes it nice to wear
it felt like the astonishing silky-softness was from a primer-like coating on top of my skin
your skin looks dewey
it feels so smooth and light weight.
my face looked cleaner and more toned.
it goes on smooth
the texture of it is nice also
leaves my skin looking more healthy with a nice glow
it has a wonderful texture that doesn't feel greasy or that it just sits on top of your skin
lightens my dark spots
the texture of this is so different
which makes my make up look smooth
it glides on like a primer.
it has a nice texture.
the mega bright serum didn't seem to make my skin greasy
my skin looks great :
glides on so smoothly
i do think the texture of the product is more ideal for mature skin
never oily, but always sleek!
it makes your skin look smoother
this has balanced my skin
t goes on smoother
now my skin looks
my skin looks great
makes my skin feel so silky
i find it makes my skin look
anything that goes on over it glides smoothly
it make my skin so soft n brighter next morning.
my skin looked amazing
my skin just looked dull
didn't feel as smooth
you wake up with a healthy glow
my skin looks great in the morning
it makes my skin feel smooth
when i wake up it looks very radiant
the silkiness of my skin will make me use it forever
skin always looks plump
can't speak to how much brighter my complexion is
amazing cream ... it has smoothed my skin
it provides a fresh glow for the morning after
immediately my skin felt smoother and warm.
your skin looks luminous
when i wake up my skin looks plumper
i wake up looking radiant
my face look radiant in the morning.
it also makes my skin look plumpy & healthy.
helps with any possible texture
i wake up with a smoother softer more vibrant face
makes skin look marvelous
gives it a certain glow
feels so light weight
the texture is nice
helps your skin also
i love how smooth it makes my skin feel.
my skin looks and feels dewy and fantastic!
my skin is noticeably clearer
i've noticed my skin is smoother
it leaves my skin feeling like velvet!
it has a thick/greasy consistency
my skin looks so plump
provides a wonderful firming plump to my skin
awake to smooth, radiant skin.
it does a very good job of brightening my skin
it leaves my skin silky smooth
luminous my skin the next day it will be glowing
feels so silky on my skin
i also feel my complexion is brighter
it feels light and airy.
the texture of the product is light
this has balanced my skin
it looks pepped up
it's very clean, fresh and slightly masculine.
it makes my skin smooth and cleans it very well.
leaves skin feeling truly silky
my skin also feels smoother
smooth after using this
this left my skin smooth.
leaves you with refreshing skin
it definitely made my skin more smooth
the mask works amazingly
makes it nice and smooth.
i do think the white glam glow mask is better
it makes it glow
it leaves my face super soft and smooth.
my skin feels so smooth
i enjoy the slight tingly of this mask!
this makes my skin glow!
i like that the consistency is thick
this is so smooth
helps to improve skin tone
it seems to be improving the texture of my skin
my skin was a lot smoother
my skin is so smooth
my skin feels 100x better after
have that extra smooth appearance
my skin was clear and glowing.
the next day my skin felt so smooth.
my face stays matte longer
my skin overall is so smooth
my skin is noticeably brighter
my skin instantly looks smooth
makes ur skin glow and so smooth.
it helps with brightening
sits beautifully under makeup
the deep creases have improved immensely
it is refreshing to see the wrinkles fading
overall this product leaves the skin under my eye feeling smooth
healthy as well as smoother
started feeling how smooth
plump my eyes could feel
my skin does look
i really enjoy this light eye cream.
smooth the skin around my eyes is
in the morning my the skin around my eyes still feels silky smooth
instant smooth.absorbs quick.
looks beautiful under makeup.
the texture is off putting
i did like the nice, cool tingly sensation.
this eye cream is amazing its very long lasting it's allows any conclear to glide on
it doesn't make it look cakey
made my under eyes very smooth
overall this is a great eye cream
it keeps my under eye area looking soft and dewy.
this eye cream feels so nice under my eyes
i don't think it brightens my dark circles.
it is a thicker consistency which i like
excellent under eye cream.
my concealers go on smoother
make my under eye area look radiant
makes my skin feel smooth
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin remains smooth
my skin has a matte finish
bright my skin looked
the tone was brighter
it leaved my face looking brighter
-it improved my skin
feels invigorating on the skin
my skin feels smooth
made it look flawless
leaves it feeling silky smooth
this morning i was completely matte
helping it stay matte
my skin stays matte all day.
my pores look much better
my skin is in good shape
it makes my skin look
my skin is softer and looks healthier.
i wake up so refreshed and rosy!
light on the skin
everything i need to keep my skin glowing
smooth out my skin
i've used glam glow overnight
your skin looks fine
this mask makes my skin so smooth
makes my skin dewy
you wake up with plump skin
my face just looks shiny
it leaves your skin plump
give the deep moisture to make my skin radiant
gave my skin a great texture
found that's the trick to truly luminous
my skin turned from flaky/irritated to smooth/radiant
helps make it smoother
it was supple and clearer!!
makes my skin smooth
this mask makes your skin very smooth
super smooth after a treatment
my face feels plump
is a super light formula that feels smooth on your skin
feels rough to the touch
it makes my skin so smooth
this mask ...our skin looks amazing ...!!!
makes my skin look noticeably better
the texture is thick and smooth.
my skin does not look shiny as all
my face was beautifully matte
my skin texture feels better
i may never wear any foundation with a dewy or glowy look
it does also create a bit matte feeling
i prefer a more silky touch
the matte finish is perfect.
my face feels brighter
it makes my skin smooth
perfect for my skin type.
i tend to look shiny
flawlessly into my skin
can't really say it has resulted in a refined texture or a smooth finish
that it helps keep my complexion clear
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
it doesnt make your face feel cakey
my skin feels perfectly balanced
his skin tone is better overall
my skin looks brighter
perfect for wear under make-up because it leaves the skin matte creating a great palette
goes on very smooth
my face feels smoother
my face glows now!
my skin looks great
perfect for oily skin.
leaves a soft glow and silky finish.
my skin looks calm
my skin is so smooth
reminds me faintly of shaving cream
my skin is always radiant after this mask
was still so smooth
leaves my skin smooth
leaves my skin smooth
overall just made my skin look healthier
this helps a lot with calming my skin
makes my dry winter skin perfect
it's almost like a lighter clay mask.
this mask does wonders for my skin
my skin feels super smooth
i get a healthy, clean glow without the shine.
it makes my complexion uniform
the texture is great as well
perfect for oily skin tones.
my skin looked amazing
hope this improves my skin
makes your face feel very smooth
perfect for my combination skin.
it leaves behind a tingly sensation
it is very sleek, stylish and touchable.
my skin has completely transformed
has a cooling slightly tingly feeling to it
my complexion is glowing
i feel like my skin looks new
the extremely smooth gel texture
it has a cooling feature that i feel revitalizes your face
i woke up with brighter skin
this smoothed out my texture
it's a translucent black gel with a bit of a golden 'shimmer' to it
my skin is smoother
it makes my skin feel so radiant
it felt very silky at first
it does leave a dark tint
light on the skin
it also has a super nice cooling sensation.
gives my face a cool sensation.
my complexion has definitely brightened up
leaves your skin smooth
once you rub it in it brightens your face
boscia’s revitalizing black hydration gel gives a cool sensation as it glides on
i can see a difference in my skin texture.
it gives an instant cooling/tingling feeling that's very refreshing
i always wakeup with flawless looking skin
it has a pleasant tingly sensation
has a nice cooling sensation
it does not create shininess like other products will
the dark color of the moisturizer really make my skin look dull
my skin does not have the beautiful youthful glow anymore
overall gained a more youthful glow
my face stays matte all day!
there's a tingly sensation that makes you feel rejuvenated
this does a good job keeping my face matte
the color of my skin started to improve
not just feel smooth
it has a gel like texture which is cooling so feels lush in the mornings
everything seems smoother too
it feels lightweight and refreshing.
i like the texture of this eye cream.
my eyes look refreshed
makes my under eye area smooth
my skin looks younger
saw incredibly smoother fine lines
it really does brighten.
makeup wears superbly on top.
it also does a great joy brightening my dark circles
cream has nice texture
i love this under eye cream- it is so smooth
my eyelashes are fuller
my eyes do look brighter, and a little softer.
it has a pleasant texture and sinks in quickly.
cushiony as i would like
does a great job of smoothing fine lines
giving me a smooth palette for eye shadow application with no crepe-iness
above my eyes silky smooth
brightens your eye area
the texture of this eye cream is the nicest one i've ever felt
they make my skin just glow
it's made my skin look firmer and tighter.
my skin is brighter
after just 2 uses my skin is literally flawless
women to help even out skin tones
i've noticed that my skin glows
my skin has become more even toned
it also results in making my skin super smooth
i definitely feel that this product helps the evenness of my skin
gives my skin an nice tingly feeling
it gives the skin a nice
it makes my skin glow
my skin is softer, smoother and just glows!
it evens out the texture of my complexion.
makes my skin so dewy
the texture got better
the texture of my skin isn't as smooth
makes my skin feel balanced
it makes my skin feel silky smooth instantly.
i can feel an improvement in my skin texture
it gives my skin an awesome silky texture
specifically with uneven skin tone
the texture of this really is silky
it makes skin feel plump
the tone is noticably more even
this serum did give me brighter
i really do feel like it has improved my skins texture
my skin just looks younger
smoother it feels now
it doesn't make my skin shiny or breakout.
my face is glowing
the texture is also perfect under makeup
helped make my skin brighter
i love how it glides on
with my radiance overnight cream has done wonders with my skin
this glides on like silk
this makes my skin glow!
this one really brightens my skin
i absolutely adore clinique's turnaround concentrate radiance renewer
putting it on feels like pure silk on my skin
my skin instantly looked brighter and more even.
feel i wake up with glowing skin
my skin looks smooth
my makeup goes on smoother
my skin has a smoother texture
even better dark spot corrector
all around same skin tone
have dull looking skin
within days my complexion definitely seemed brighter
my complexion looks brighter
radiant when i use this product
it is softer, smoother, and more even toned.
my skin felt more vibrant and smoother.
makes skin look healthier with daily use
after about two weeks my skin looks radiant
i really had that glowing radiant skin
found out what "radiant"
my skin seems to have a "glow" without looking oily
i get a lot of compliments on the smoothness of my skin
i constantly get compliments on my complexion
have seen great improvement in my skin tone/texture
i love clinique's turnaround concentrate radiance renewer
my skin just feels so rich and glowing.
my skin looks even
makes my skin feel smooth
gave the radiance renewer a try
makes my skin glow with radiance
evens my skin tone
my skin looks almost perfect
it helps keep my skintone more even
my skin is brighter
the feel and texture is great!
my skin feels dewy after application
it really makes a difference in the texture
the texture of this really is silky
this instantly transforms your skin to a primed smooth wonderl
it leaves my face feeling silky smooth
my skin is plump
my skin is smooth
it layers beautifully under my foundation
i feel comfortable wearing no makeup as the moisturizer makes me feel glow-y
needs a glow in their skin
makes your skin glow the next day!!!
not greasy at all it feels velvety once fully absorbed
does give my skin plumpness
or foundation worked on my skin as they all accentuated my flakiness
this balanced my skin.
it was all cakey or blotchy
this product goes on smooth and creamy.
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin craves this.
my foundation looks better and isn't flaking off.
made my skin look amazing
the texture of it is light
make up goes on smooth
it's a very thick, smooth product.
i wake up with smooth glowing skin
this product is weightless
it makes my skin look youthful
my skin looks younger, tight, and vibrant.
my skin feels comfortable and smooth.
my skin feels quite smooth
my skin looks smooth when i put make up on.
really makes the skin smooth
made my skin glow
my skin looks better
this serum keeps my skin smooth and glowy.
this product totally changed my facial complexion
very very thin tall brunette with very thin eyebrows
it tightens, brightens, and serves as a primer.
the consistency of the liquid itself feels wonderful between my fingers
this definitely is smoothing
this makes your skin feel smooth as glass
this is a nice boost that keeps me from looking haggard
dewy my skin is--which is a compliment at age 58
it helps to smooth out lines
it makes my eyelids smoother which makes it easy to apply my eyeliner
nice feel, skin appears to look better
the lids of my eyes are much smoother
loreal mature eyes seems to work as good as the expensive eye creams
has brightening as well
my eyes are smooth as a baby's
it brightens the area
this serum makes the skin around my eyes so smooth
the firmness is remarkable
brightens the eye area
giving you an instant feeling of tighter firmer skin
find it does make the orbital skin feel more taut to the point i need a moisturizer on top of it to feel more comfortable
this product glides on
the texture fine lines were finer
my eyes are looking brighter
the skin is smooth
wider more youthful appearance
the skin looked bright
i love that this glides on fabulously
glides on smooth, i like the texture.
i like to mix it with my foundation to make the foundation glide on smoother
makes your skin look matte not shiny
your skin will glow.
my skin just looks plumper
gives my skin a nice healthy glow
my skin looks brighter
gives me a bright smooth look
gives my skin a nice dewy complexion all day long
found this product to brighten my skin
keeps my skin perfectly balanced
my skin is perfect
it's a beautiful serum that feels light
it provides almost a dewy look to my tired skin
my skin is glowing.
it makes my face smooth and brilliant.
truly saw quick results: skin is smoother
while my skin looks dewy not oily
my makeup also glides on effortlessly
my skin also glows like it never has before.
my skin definitely feels smoother
my skin is cleaner, clearer, and more even.
the gentle warm heat feels nice
my skin is brighter
the warming sensation feels great!
my skin is brighter
keeps my skin happy
this is making my skin look airbrushed
brightens my complexion without being too drying
leaves my skin smooth
after one use, my skin was radiant and glowing!!!
made my skin look gorgeous
calmer with this wash
my skin looks bright and fresh after every use!
my face is also so much softer and brighter.
i feel like my skin has a glow to it.
is looking much more radiant
skin was left smooth
the warming sensation is satisfying
the warming sensation is fantastic
my skin was brighter
has definitely helped tone down my oiliness
my skin much smoother
my skin is definitely brighter
left my face luminous
it makes my skin feel so smooth and silky.
keep your youthful appearance or get a more youthful appearance with a glow
nourishes your skin to the fullest
make up glides beautifully over
my skin appears smooth and bright in the morning.
my skin looks younger
i can see it's helping with face contouring
makes my skin feel really smooth
restoration to more youthful skin
my skin just glows
my skin is even and glowy.
gives a healthy/perked up look
it almost has a soft glow to it.
this cream is very smooth and silky.
the texture of my skin has really improved
improves the overall look of your skin
i started noticing my skin feeling more vibrant
my skin feels more toned
it makes my skin smooth
it feels super smooth
my skin looks smoother
keeps it looking fresher longer
i can see a subtle firming of my skin
i definitely see improved firmness in my jawline
cause her skin is glowing
my skin looks dewy
made my skin tone look ruddy
5 stars for making my skin firmer
my skin looks great
love how supple it makes my skin feel
love how it keeps my skin tone even
facial contours more youthful
the firming cream makes my skin look good
i like how it tones my skin
it has a very interesting texture
glides into the skin in an unusual way
very refreshing on the skin
my skin looks great
my face absolutely glows afterwards
giving skin a smooth look
i struggle with slightly uneven skintone
this stuff gave me cheekbones!
it makes my skin glow
it also has a nice texture
my skin looks much smoother as a result of this product
it gives my skin a healthy glow.
my skin is as smooth as silk
my skin is smoother
this cream has evened out my skin tone
my skin looks better than ever: dark spots are lighter
then my skin glows
my skin is smoother
the texture is nice
this is a lightweight gel that goes on smooth.
i look more rested, relaxed.
it also makes my eyes look brighter
this light weight eye gel definitely helps reduce the appearance
your eye area looks brighter.
good eye gel, brightens and firms under-eye area.
use color in my newly rediscovered contour
my skin looks smoother
my eyes look refreshed
makes my skin feel smooth
i feel it makes me look more bright-eyed than if i skip it
lift the skin nicely
this makes my skin feel so smooth
it does make my skin a little shiny
the texture is nice
the consistency of the cream is ultra light yet it nourishes my combination skin
the light gel texture feels amazing
perfect for dry skin
my active life style makes my skin pull more oily
it also makes my skin brighter
more bouncy if that makes sense?
it is amazing my skin feels super smooth
smooth i couldn't be happier
my skin became smooth
did make my skin brighter
my face seemed smoother
even the acne seemed duller
this is awesome for combo/oily skin.
amazing for combo/oily skin!
this product gives me the perfect balance of moisture
helps keep my skin matte
evens out skin very tone
it makes your face look dewy
smooth under your make up
it makes my face feel like silk
my skin has a slight glow
i love the matte finish.
it makes my face glow without feeling dewy.
its perfect for my oily tzone
it helps my foundation blend so much smoother
my skin looks fantastic.
the texture is very light
improved the appearance of my skin
perfect for my combination skin
it gives me a nice matte finish
still leaves your skin matte
smooth after using this
moisturizes without making my face super shiny.
supple in the morning
this made my skin so smooth with a nice shine
my skin feels so plump and it glows!!
rather has the dewy texture of youth it once had
the texture of my skin
it makes my skin super smooth
it evens out my skin tone
provides an instantaneous glow
my skin has never been better which makes my makeup look flawless of course
by skin looks flawless
it's plump and smooth and i love it.
my skin looks dull
leaves your skin silky
my skin looks great
your face feels like velvet all day
gave it uneven texture
glowing skin like never before
it makes my skin look brighter
makes my skin feel smooth
when you wake up your skin is glowing
my skin looked younger
literally my skin looked even and bright.
saw a smoother brighter complexion
i woke up with soft radiant skin
it's even helped my complexion
i wake up with glowing soft skin
my skin looked healthier
the best skin tone correcting cream out there!
it mostly evens skin tone
completely changed the texture of my complexion
evens my skin tone
great night cream, light but effective.
my overall skin tone is clearer.
my skin is more even toned
the texture is so much smoother
my skin feels smooth
my skin looks bright and awake.
wake up with glowing skin
texture has gotten better
it also make my skin look brighter
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it's brighter and healthier looking.
my skin feels smoother
definitely looks a little healthier
its better then my philosophy mirical night moister
i believe my skin looks brighter
this brightening sleeping facial works great to fade them
my skin was distinctly luminous
this leaves my skin so glowy
it's made my skin brighter
it makes my skin look radiant in the morning!
my face feels so smooth and looks like it glows.
i feel like smooth
i love how my skin looks more radiant
it gives me a beautiful glow
i woke up to see my skin was noticeably brighter
makes me skin look brighter
this mask really does brighten your skin overnight
it really does brighten you skin
it makes my skin feel bright
seemed to help keep my face smooth
the glow it gives
my skin looks amazing
it provides a beautiful glow to the skin
i always wake up with beautiful skin.
my skin look brighter
my skin was noticeably cleaner
i noticed soft glowing skin
leaving skin baby smooth
my skin feels lovely
i can even see the natural blush.
my skin is moisturized, soft, and gorgeous.
you will adore the rich milky texture that develops
it has a great texture
leaves skin feeling dewy and supple
my skin was glowing after i used it
my face was more supple
it leaves a soft velvety feel to my skin
it does lend a lovely finishing touch
my face feels smooth
it balance my combination skin nicely.
it feels super luxurious.
it really makes my skin brighter and softer.
it left my skin supple
looks much more radiant
my face is super smooth afterwards
what's best is your complexion really is clearer
you have a dewy glow
it really softens the skin
it creates a nice milky consistency
my skin has transformed into nice skin
my skin is smooth
makes your face soft and glowing.
my skin glows and i love using it.
i feel as though it's creamy texture has helped me battle winter chapped skin
was nervous about using a "creamier" type of product
it feels close to flawless
this product makes my skin look so healthy
my make up glides on
my skin literally looks firmer
overall smoother with the first use
i noticed that my skin looked much smoother
this product is anazing my foundation of youth smooth
radiant without being shiny
it just seems to make my skin look smoother
have always had a skinny/dry face-- this product gives my skin the fullness
my skin is now dewy and plump (and wrinkle-free).
i like thw dewy finish.
my skin looks luminous
skin looks smoother and firmer after using it.
it's a go-to product for making my complexion look luminous
this made the color more even
lightweight hydration that gives a definite glow to my complexion
"smooth, soft, younger-looking skin."
my skin looks tighter
my skin just absorbs and it feels wonderful.
gives your skin a dewey complexion
definitely makes skin smoother
my skin looks noticeably different
my skin appear radiant
as far as skin texture
leaving my skin glowing
i look younger, and cheerful!
it is smooth to apply
my skin tone looks clearer
my skin is bright
this cream makes my face feel wonderful.
feels like silk on your skin!
once i started using this cream my skin looks much smoother
my skin gained more color and felt smoother.
smooth yet not greasy
the overall plumpness of my skin was gone
plumpness was completely restored
my skin looks a lot brighter and softer.
smells great 2. moisturizes and brightens skin.
i get lots of compliments that my skin looks dewey
feels softer than usual
makes my skin glow!
absorbs quickly to leave you with a radiant glow.
my 40-ish skin looked and felt nice.
the added plumpness makes my skin look
this one absorbs wonderfully
my skin feels and looks smoother.
i always get complements on my bare face!
my skin is smooth
makeup looks great on it- my foundation looked very smooth
more alive looking complexion
it makes my face look healthy and bright.
it has such a nice texture
even shown more of a dry complexion
its perfect for night over the invigorating night gel
my complexion is still matte after the end of the day
my skin is much more vibrant
much more youthful due to the vibrancy
it gives my skin the dewy look i've never been able to find in a foundation
makes my skin glow
i can definitely see that my skin is looking smoother
the aesthetician complimented my skin
my skin looks radiant
and it helps my makeup look flawless!!
no linger is it supple
my skin is glowing
it is so light and refreshing!
very light-weight, almost runny in texture.
my skin tone has even improved.
this cream has a fantastic texture unlike any other i've tried
it makes my skin feel like satin, instantly.
so this cream is great for helping to keep my skin bright
it is a cool light textured cream
has helped to balance my skin tone
made my skin feel supple
i noticed my skin texture changed
it felt smooth like a baby's bottom
it definitely gives your skin a tingle
it does make my skin shinier on application
i switched to matte long wearing foundations
all of them just looked cakey
it keeps me matte all day
my pores are smaller and my skin is brighter.
it was less of an oily shine
i love the thin, light consistency.
my face looks brighter and better.
you'll wake to soft very smooth skin
it feels smooth and non-greasy.
makes my skin look smooth
it really brightens your complexion
the texture is a little tacky even after it absorbs in
my skin looks brighter
this produce has great texture
keeps my skin clear
my skin glows afterwards
made my skin even toned in general
the consistency is a bit thick
this product just brightens up my face
it also leaves your skin feeling super silky
i could see a difference in the translucence of my skin almost immediately
my skin quality improved
this product never gives me the greasy shiny face
it gave me an overall light glow
it goes on smooth
leaving a nice matte finish
stay matte throughout the day
it makes the bb cream the perfect color for my skin since i'm very pale
my skin does feel a little bit plumper
it does not tremendously brighten my skin
it instantly brightens my face
it is so easy to use: it glides over gentle under eye skin
has a nice tingly feel
it glides on smoothly
better for more mature skin
relaxing sensation to the eyes
it refreshing my eyes
great feeling with an instant cooling sensation
it has brightened and even toned my skin.
it instantly makes my eyes feel better
the skin look tighter
eyes are instantly refreshed
puffiness is gone leaving eyes feeling smooth
i think it helps reduce puffy eyes
it has a great cooling sensation
also felt tingly and fun.
usually clarins leaves my skin totally matte
i wake up every morning with smooth glowing skin.
my skin wakes up plump
this is the only cream on the market that makes my face silky
glowy my skin looked
it lightens dark spots and plumps wrinkles.
it makes my skin so smoothe and lively.
silky cream that feels great going on
noticed how smooth my skin was
makes my face feel silky smooth
my skin is balanced
my skin literally glows
your skin will appear brighter
glow with radiance when using this product
my pores seem smaller and my face looks polished.
it works well with the complexion enchancer
illuminating for combination skin
from firmness to dullness to pores: everything
makes my skin smooth
it also made my skin look so much brighter/more radiant underneath my day moisturizer that i've been wearing less makeup
skin brightening around my eyes
brightens my eye area perfectly
my skin literally glows
my skin literally glows
my skin looked as glowy as it does after an hour long facial
skin feels clean and smooth
i honestly prefer both my glam glows to this one
my skin needs a facial to look its best
dare i say creamy texture that glides on your face
my skin literally glows
my skin is smoother-letting me skip foundation or allows for an even smoother application
it feels like silk going on
the next morning my skin feels silky smooth
this made me have healthy looking beautiful skin
no breakouts, just plump, happy, radiant skin.
my skin literally glows
perfect for my mature combination skin
my skin literally glows
produces silky smooth skin
this definitely makes my skin look dewy
my skin looks amazing
it has improved my skin texture
my overall skin texture looked fantastic
it evens your complexion
my face looks brighter
smoother with this product
this product also offers an instant luminosity to the skin
literally always makes me glow
my skin looks even
my skin has never looked this radiant before
my skin glows when i wake up
looks almost like plumped
gives you a beautiful glow from within look
i wanted to really brighten my complexion while also giving it an hydration boost
just add it on my cheekbones as a highlighter in the morning
my skin looks a little brighter
evened out my skin tone
wake up with radiant
if makes my skin bright
it makes me glow
it adds a nice touch to my makeup
the texture of my skin
gives you a nice glow all day
it feels so smooth
my skin feels plump
gives me an extra glow
the combination has transformed my complexion!
it mixes really nicely with foundation as well for a gorgeous glow
the results: super smooth skin
my skin looks refreshed and glowing all day long!
glowing skin that takes makeup better
in the morning my skin looked heavenly
i wake up to a brighter
my skin looks younger and more rejuvenated.
makes my skin look
my face looks youthful, plump and smooth.
the texture of my skin is improved
instead it makes it look refreshed
it's also great under my makeup giving me a nice dewy look
makes my foundation look very smooth
the oil itself is a nice texture.
it is a little thicker
i can really see the glow it gives
this oil gives your skin the most amazing natural glow
want to preserve the youthful look
it creates such a glowing
all of them make my face radiant.
it helps me maintain a great glow.
luminous during the day
not heavy but smooth and plumped.
makes my skin feel wonderful
either way you get a bit of a dewy glow.
makes my skin look
it glows once again
gives your skin a wonderful glow
helped calm my skin
after just one use my skin glows
will bring back the luster to your skin
it gives me an instant glow
it gives me a healthy, natural glow.
pat a small amount of the oil on my face for a natural luminous finish
my skin is literally radiant
it gives my skin a great glow
gives me a lovely glow
my skin is so smooth and plump.
leaves my skin feeling radiant
sure improvement in my skins texture
steady journey to beautiful skin
and my skin looks more even and bright.
keeps my skin clear
it's helped my overall complexion clear up
it's lightened the scars and evened the texture.
nothing makes my skin glow like this!
it gives my face a glow that looks like i just was kissed by the sun
it evened out my uneven skin tone
it's smooth, glowy, even and over beautiful.
it has also helped my dry patches and texture.
my skin is brighter and more youthful looking.
it evens out my skin tone
perfect for oil skin.
you feel your skin looks dull or uneven in tone/texture
this makes my 42 year old skin bright
sits on my skin amazing
some texture i don't like
it helped improve the texture on my skin.
it's bright, tighter and so smooth.
i love the glow that it gives my skin
feel that it smoothes
brightens my complexion after applying
this helps my skin to look more radiant
the texture is very light
my skin is smoother
my skin hasn't been smoother!
i needed something that would brighten my skin
makes my skin feel plump
has changed my skin texture
it improved the texture of my skin dramatically
overall much more airbrushed
my skin is brighter and softer!
it transformed my skin.
textured skin immediately disappeared
it brightens my skin
helps even out my complexion
it leaves my skin glowing
it makes my skin smoother
i've seen a total transformation of my skin texture
people have complimented my makeup-free skin to tell me it's radiant
i woke up with smoother skin
not pleasant but it fades quickly.
my complexion was plump
this makes my skin bright
my skin is brighter
gave my radiant skin
it brightens my complexion
my skin looked more radiant
it gives me such a youthful glow
i absolutely feel this helped transform my skin from drab to fab
my skin is pink and radiant.
my skin is dewy
you will wake up with a great brightening
glowy look on your face
i noticed immediately my skin looked brighter
it for sure makes my skin look more plump
my skin just glows
makes my skin look great
my sensitive skin in smooth and bright.
it gives my skin an amazing glow
it leaves my skin with an amazing glow
i actually get complements on my skin.
good genes is so brightening
my skin looks fabulous
something about the good genes has brightened my skin
reduced the texture incredibly
i've noticed that my skin is brighter
my skin has transformed completely
my skin is more even and beautiful.
i notice my skin looking brighter
my skin is brighter
tingles slightly on application
my skin has never felt smoother or looked more radiant
this stuff has given me my youthful glow back
my skin feels so smooth
it almost immediately brightened my skin
give a nice healthy glow to your skin
in the look of my skin
with the texture of my skin
my skin looks great after use.
now it looks clearer
brighter than its looked in ages
it makes my skin clearer as well.
my skin feels smooth
my skin feels so smooth
has changed the texture of my skin
this leaves my skin smooth
give an extra-smooth
ceramic-like texture to my skin over all
i can deal with it for flawless skin
my skin just looks more refined overall
my skin looks great
my skin looked bright and definitely healthier.
my skin has become noticeably smoother
it just makes my skin look
my complexion is amazing
the texture of my skin
my skin is much smoother
my skin feels like porcelain
it also brightens my skin
find it lasts all day affording a dewy look that i love
does my dry skin feel more plumper?
it makes my face look glowing
a little bit of finishing powder
surely lose their youthful plumpness
the texture is silky
the texture is heavier than the old zerogravity which i loved
i wake up with silky skin.
my facial structure actually looks a bit more streamlined/chiseled now
my laugh lines are looking smooth
i feel like my skin is brighter
it would create some warmth
i wake up with glowing skin!
my skin just glows
i follow up with the first aid beauty radiance pads
5% my skin getting thinner
my skin also glows after using
my skin felt more toned
it's definitely evened out my complexion
gives it a nice glow
my skin definitely looks younger
smoothness of skin overall has improved
it gives an overall glow
my skin is smooth
the texture is improving all over
my face feels dewy and soft.
my skin looks looks plump
my skin looks great.
my skin also feels softer and looks healthier!
it really aids my moisturizer in making everything feel smoother
in the morning the texture of my skin looks
feels so much smoother
it makes my skin soft and bright.
leaves my face smooth and isn't greasy.
in the morning my skin feels toned
my skin feels so soft and smooth and looks great.
this makes my skin look perfect.
my face feels toned, smooth and refreshed!
it's silky smooth and feels great on my skin.
it seems to be plumping it up
my skin is brighter
there's a slight tingle after application
improved thin wrinkles as promised.
the skin around my eyes looks better
it immediately improves how my wrinkles look
this product gives my skin a doll-like smoothness
my eyes actually look youthful!
benefit's porefessional does a great job smoothing wrinkles
is an excellent primer for a flawless look
make sure it's smoothed in over my wrinkles
it really gives a smoother look without reapplying
truly has made my skin the perfect balance between oily
keeps my skin matte for most of the day
leaves your skin smooth almost like a primer
my skin is super smooth
it makes my skin feel smoother
my skin looks great
it makes my skin feel silky
even better it dries to a velvety/matte finish
my skin feels smoother in the am
skin feels smooth and more healthy.
this has a very nice matte finish
it glides on amazingly
this goes on light & smooth.
it's changed my skin texture
like that my face feels dewy
this has completely changed my skin texture for the better
it helped immensely with my bad texture.
it has my skin looking glowing beautiful
after just 4 days of using this my skin looks so much brighter
gave my skin a glow
my skin looks smooth
makes my skin look
all neck to provide a nice smoothing
feel flawless because of this
perfect for my skin!
makes my skin look healthy
so smooth and healthy looking.
after 2 uses my skin looks vibrant
goes on like silk
it makes your skin literally glow.
my skin feels smooth after only a few uses
my skin stays flawless all day
it's very creamy and smoothing.
but also evens out my skin tone.
feels very smooth on the skin.
i think something in the glam glow irritated my skin because it peels after using it
makes your skin look gorgeous without being greasy
it has totally transformed my skin
my face looks so much more radiant
it helps improve my dry skin
my skin now has a glow and feels healthy as well.
it has a slightly thick consistency which i love
perfect for my combination skin
glossy that it can't be layered under make-up
perfect for giving skin a dewy
super refreshing for eyes.
i really enjoyed the cooling sensation
dark color under his eyes
make my eyes feel fresh, pretty lit overall.
ever seen the skin around my eyes so perfectly smooth
the weight of it makes it relaxing
feels great and i love how it covers eyelids!!
leaves the eye area looking smoother
this was refreshing and moisture my eyes.
i certainly feel fresher
it is so refreshing on the eyes!
made my eyes look amazing
my eyes looked bright
helped improve brightness under my eyes
get a dark spot corrector for brightening the scars
gives me a fresh look
i looked so good and refreshed.
this mask was perfect
it's cool relaxing in the eyes
my eyes did a bit more refreshed
my skin still looked brighter
i can feel a slight pulsing of the skin
my smile was beautiful
my eyes sparkled with content
the cooling sensation felt so soothing on my puffed up eyes
my eyes look like matching pink pillows
my eyes look better and feel better.
my puffiness is almost always noticeably better
the texture of my skin is already much improved
it has also made my skin seem smoother
my makeup goes on so much smoother
small bumps all over my face that creates a lot of texture
my skin is quite smooth
definitely helps the texture of my skin
texture is better, blemishes disappear.
when i wake up i have radiant skin
i get horrible texture around my chin
smooth out the skin
gave me the glowing complexion i have always dreamed of
keeps my skin bright and clear.
the texture was much smoother
used with the complexion pads
it looks brighter, younger and healthier.
my skin looks firmer
evening my skin tone
my skin is clear smooth and bouncy.
my face is so smooth
skin is tighter, smoother, and softer.
evening for even toned
made my skin extra bright
i've also noticed my skin feels smoother
it does keep my skin smooth
my skin also appears much smoother.
my skin looks so wonderful !
reveal stunning supple skin
my skin also looks really smooth
my skin does look better
this serum gives you a nice glow
makes your complexion look fresh
i grew up with perfect complexion
my skin texture is much improved
skin has more of a glow and is softer.
it improves the overall look of my skin
this gel works great to keep my complexion clear.
i feel like the texture of my skin has changed
more even skin tone
my face is perfectly matte for the entire day
my skin looks fresh
the products made my skin smoother
everyone's skin is different
very smooth silky texture.
is perfect for mix skin/oily!
skin is brighter, softer, and blemish-free.
it helps my skin look
my skin never looks oily just glowing.
make my skin look dewy
my skin feels impossibly clean
i feel noticeably fresh
really makes your skin look flawless
it feels so much softer and youthful looking.
perfect for oily skin.
doesn't leave a shiny appearance
my skin feels excellent
this is perfect for my aging, combination skin.
leaves my skin with too much "glow" for daytime use
didnt make my face shiny.
it also leaves me with a subtle glow that is noticeable
it goes on nice and feels almost like satin.
velvety finish to my skin that lasted all day
i feel completely poreless and my faces is matte.
it doesn't feel too thickly velvet like some stay matte products can
this makes me look flawless in office lighting all day
it is incredibly light and goes on like velvet.
makes my skin look
i also love the instant matte effect.
it is a perfect lightweight moisterizer for oily
this works perfectly under my clinique stay matte foundation
it is very matte
makes my skin look all nice
keeps my combo skin
my skin stays matte all day
"stay matte" sounded like just what my skin needed
skin feels like silk.
my skin looks so smooth
i like the smooth
toned feel i get after use
skin stays matte all day
it keeps my skin matte for hours.
this keeps my face supple
it keeps me matte throughout the day
this combined with their new stay matte foundation my skin looks amazing
brighten up my skin
it does make it brighter
leaving your skin tight with matt finish
my skin texture is much improved
smoother with less visible pores
my skin is also much brighter with more even skin tone
gives my skin a nice glow
gives an overall complexion lift
gives my overall skin a glow
this helps it look brighter
it was more smooth and even.
loving the the texture of my skin
i find this gives my skin a beautiful boost
light smells great and brightens my skin.
after my summer color faded
after a week i felt firmer and brighter.
smoother, less red, clearer.
overall more even tone
my skin is more supple
my skin tone has brightened
my skin is definitely more even in texture
and the skin feels silky after applying it.
i saw my skin fresh
my skin looks amazing.
eyes really seem smoother
face texture appears improved as well
overall skin tone looked better
my skin glowed more and was smoother.
my skin was glowing, firmer, and bright.
my complexion is more radiant than ever
thank you perriconemd for my new complexion
have a great glow to my skin
my skin was smoother and refreshed after use .
made my skin brighter with a glow !!
it makes my skin feel like silk!!
my skin looks brighter
makes my skin glow
better still has left my skin luminous
toned somewhat similar to having a facial
my skin feels softer and brighter.
makes my skin feel smoother to the touch as well as replenished
my skin is much calmer
it makes my skin feel supple
the only product i have found that really enables my combination skin to achieve a "dewy" texture without feeling oily
after the product is dry my skin has a dewy shine to it
it touches your face
my foundation glides on after
more radiant than i've ever seen it
this definitely helped nourish my dry textured skin
amazing for combination skin.
good texture, not oily, and moisturising.
adding this serum to my skin routine has vastly improved skin quality
it leaves a light refreshing touch
my skin is supple and glows even more!
i love it for a good matte look.
works like a charm and gives my skin a dewy glow.
my skin feels balanced clean, and revitalized.
makeup that much smoother
complimented how nice my skin looked
have noticed smoother softer skin overall
my face looks dewy
i can visibly see that my skin is brighter
this gives me a beautiful glow
makes the skin glow
very smooth to put on
amazing for oily skin!
gives your skin a beautiful healthy glow if used consistently
as it adds shine
it leaves your skin so silky
make you feel very luxurious
this oil makes my skin glow
it glides well on my face
it does fade nicely on the skin
leaves my hair silky and smooth.
this product makes your skin feel divine
gives skin, especially legs, a subtle sheen.
my skin is silky smooth
it gives my skin a radiant
my skin just glows
it leaves your skin glowing for hours
makes my skin look luminous
dewy my face looked
great texture , not too greasy.
makes skin glow immediately
it enhances my color without stripping
leaves my face glowing
leaves skin and hair soft and sleek.
smells fabulous, skin is shiny and smooth.
it fades to something light
fades fairly quickly leaving a lovely
provides skin with nice glow
its so light warm
i look like i'm glowing
it made my dull, dry hair smooth and shiny.
otherwise, the product performs beautifully.
my face is flawless
you always wake up with glowing skin!
it leaves my skin soft and glowing.
it left it supple
it leaves skin feeling smooth and supple.
it makes my make-up look gorgeous
i am positively in love with the texture of my skin throughout the day
amazingly my makeup stays intact with a matte finish all day
this product makes my itchy dry skin completely transform into velvety soft amazingness
it feels very luxurious
it's made my skin so much more bright
this leaves me glowing !!!!!
it makes me look so luminous
it makes my skin so much smoother
after using the mask my skin felt smoother
it looks lovely following its use
so dry its textured
it helps my skin to calm down
it gives me a nice glow
it leaves my face smooth and soft.
helps my drier parts feel softer
the texture of this mask is like nothing i've used recently
a healthy pink in my cheeks
my entire face definitely felt smoother
the texture is incredible
this mask really helps to calm
makes my skin smooth
calm, glowing, and irritation free.
my skin always looks so plump
i feel radiant after i use it
i love the texture as well
the radiance pads- this mask was sooooooo soothing
my skin loves this mask.
there was smooth skin left
my skin did feel a bit smoother
the experience is lovely
my skin is starting to glow
this mask feels very calming and relaxing.
it is soothing and makes my skin feel wonderful.
although a little creamier/thicker than other masks
it also had a soothing sensation on my skin.
my skin is more radiant
and afterwards it feels soft a smooth!
my face looks matte for a long time
it really makes your skin incredibly matte
bought this hoping it would keep my super shiny skin matte
this keeps me matte for hours
works gorgeously when it's the only "wet" product on your skin
my skin looks shiny
this with my mufe velvet mat foundation is the best combo ever <3
my skin is clearer
it is perfectly light
helps stay matte all day
keeps my skin matte
this mattifying fluid is wonderful when used as directed
the matte finish is great!
perfect for dry skin.
a smoother skin with this
sits perfectly under my foundation
my skin looked supple
the texture is smooth
keep my skin lovely for the summer
my skin feels more supple and smooth.
it is very calming
feels lovely under makeup
it was also very silky to touch
it makes my skin feel amazing and luminous.
my skin did got tighter and brighter.
it evens out my skin tone.
it leaves my skin feeling supple
it does not lightens dark undereye circles
other than the instant brightening
by morning my eyes look brighter
the clinique even better eyes dark circle corrector is a wonderful product
i do like this corrector because it leaves your eyes with a nice bright look
the color combats the dark circles
works well to make under your eyes brighter
the application is effortless
brightens up under eyes.
feels silky going on
this is slightly tinted
this product immediately brightens them just enough while adding the tiniest bit of tint
followed by color matching you with a bobbi brown corrector
because it has a flattering tint that isn't as opaque as concealer
it makes your underye seem very smooth.
i like the texture under the eye
as advertised the product makes my eyes look brighter
into flawless dewy skin
makes your makeup glide on
my skin started glowing
gives such a healthy glow to the skin
pleasant on the skin
my skin tone looks way more even
i think powder blush makes it look dry
this oil adds a little glow as well as helping me blend the blush onto my face
it has evened my skin tone
it helped the texture of my skin greatly
surprisingly this product did wonders for my complexion
my hair loves it
leaves your skin with a nice glow
makes my skin look
love how it softens my skin
fresh my skin looked
skin was soo soft and vibrant .
this has completely transformed my skin
my skin is actually glowing again
if anything my skin looks more radiant
nars liquid foundation- my skin looks dewy soft
it's evened out my skin tone
my skin looks brighter
it gives my skin a healthy glow
my skin is radiant
my skin looks radiant
my skin is glowing after
my skin looks dewy
look shiny like a disco ball
also gives a slight glowy look which is lovely
sometimes in the morning for a more dewy finish to my foundation
it also gave my skin a nice glow!
luxurious oil that makes my skin feel great.
my foundation is glowy
my skin looks healthier
i wake up with beautiful even toned glowy skin
excellent for dry skin
feeels amazing on the skin!
i wake up with supple
helps with dry-patches and keeps my skin supple.
my skin is glowing for days
makes my skin glow
smooth clear beautiful skin when you wake up
smells amazing and leaves your skin so smooth.
what it does: softens my skin
i call it more of a glow
definitely changes your skin texture and tone.
evenness look at least 40% better
made the bumpy skin there smoother too
my skin in general looks much more dewy
its great for combination skin as it brightens
helps to correct damage...really smooth skin
my skin looks clear
evens my skin tone
making my skin smooth
freckled skin was looking dull
my skin is instantly brighter
toned after using this product
my skin looks more alive and less dull.
my skin looked like it glowed the next day
no noticeable brightness of skintone
maybe some evening of texture
evened out skin tone
i love the way it has brightened my skin
giving it a beautiful glow
makes my skin feel smooth and fresh.
evening my skin tone
my skin looked brighter
overall my skin feels plumper
makes my skin glow without oilness.
this serum is perfect for evening skin tone
my skin felt smooth and more youthful.
i wake up with a bright complexion
evens out the tone
my skin looks amazing
i wake up in the morning to skin with great clarity that is perfectly moisturized
it brightens your whole complexion.
my overall face has a glow!
my skin looked brighter and had a glow to it.
smoothed the texture of my skin
seems to brighten my complexion
helps with uneven skin tone
my skin is brighter and looks so much better.
feel like it really makes a difference in skin tone
it has maintained more youthful skin.
overall skin texture is better
tone and texture are radiant.
my skin looks more radiant and clearer.
my skin is smoother and brighter.
my skin is super smooth
i've felt my complexion has been dulling in my 30's
my skin has a glow again
i liked this , my skin is brighten.
this solution has really helped even my skintone by fading dark sun spots
my skin looks fresher and brighter.
my skin is really looking flawless
great on dark skin!
have uneven skin tone
my skin is so much brighter.
my skin looks flawless.
my skin looked smoother
my skin is smoother, brighter and tighter.
looks flawless all day
in one week, my skin looks clearer and brighter.
this has lightened the dark marks
my skin looks brighter
after using this product my skin is smoother
and i noticed my skin is softer and brighter!
it brightens up and even out my skin tone.
is brightening my complexion overall
my skin texture has completely changed
secondly, my skin looks brighter.
overall my face is brighter.
it just makes my skin glow.
my skin looks flawless
my skin is smoother.
my skin looks so much brighter.
smoothed out my skin's texture a ton
this product is amazing to get rid of texture
super gentle and works wonders on oily skin.
smooth out my skin overnight
my main purpose of using this is for smooth texture
this product goes on smooth
my face is smooth
my makeup looked so smooth
the new version is thinner
it evens out my skin tone
texture and consistency of a smooth, clay mask.
keeps my makeup looking matte
makes my skin feel much smoother
my skin is looks bright
my skin looks plump
it feels like silk going on
my face looks brighter even tone
it keeps me smooth
keep your skin beautifully clear
it makes your skin feel smooth
it left my skin with a beautiful glow
this product makes your skin feel so silky
my face looks so clear bright
this made my skin glow so much!
glides on very smooth on your skin
i feel as though it has definitely smoothed the surface of my face immensely
get a little of my youthful glow back
my skin never look so dewy
my foundation is applying beautiful
leaves the most refreshing amazing glow on my skin
it gives your face a healthy, youthful glow.
my skin texture changed
my skin looked more toned
plumps my skin overall
discolored back to the porcelain smooth bright glowing skin i rocked in my twenties
it looks so radiant and glowy.
makes my face calm
made my face incredibly smooth
it works perfectly on my skin
for having a good texture
my skin feels smoother
my skin is rejuvenated
my skin was radiant!
this creme make my face glow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it goes on smooth
you will feel you skin so smooth!
my makeup went on so much smoother
has improved the overall texture of my skin
my skin felt the smoothest it's ever felt
my skin looked amazing day in
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
this is perfect for my combination skin.
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
radiant look when i wake up
the texture is wonderful
makes my face glow
the real difference is how much my face glows
it makes my skin smooth, firm and glow!
it goes on smooth
this cream has made my skin glow
improving the texture of my skin
the difference in my skins texture is crazy-beautiful compared to what it was before discovering this cream
honestly, my skin is flat-out-gorgeous.
my skins texture has improved as well.
you notice a difference in skin texture
my skin has become smoother
beautiful my face looks
his skin is noticeably different
it goes on smooth
gives me a dewy radiance every morning
my skin so much more softer and brighter.
feels really silky not greasy
my complexion is more even
my skin feels plump
i wake up and my skin looks younger!
my skin looks airbrushed
i get so many compliments on my complexion
i really think my skin has felt smoother
i feel dior absorbs better
my face looks more plump
can't tell if it lightens dark marks yet
my skin looks better
complexion looks brighter, more even.
my skin looks and feels amazing.
my skin feels smooth and brighter.
strong sun screen have definitely helped
my skin is smoother and brighter.
his face looked smoother
i think it is working to brighten my skin a bit
it instantly brightened my face
my skin is glowy
the texture is so much better
any bumpy texture on my skin disappears over night
it has started evening out my uneven skin while giving it a nice glow
the color is weird too
i noticed that using this product made the texture of my skin even smoother
made my face look bright
it's even toned and smooth.
colleagues start noticing my skin brightening / glowing
smoother every time i use it
my skin is brighter
my skin looks clear
great my skin looked
definitely improved the texture of my skin
really makes your skin glow
improves my skin tone
it noticeably brightens my skin
definitely making my skin look
my skin constantly looks luminous and glowing.
all over looks much brighter
my face is brighter
the darker pigmented areas of my face have lightened a bit
makes my skin radiant
i've noticed a bit of glow to my skin since using this product
it has really brightened my complexion with
has really brightened my complexion
it did not brighten my skin
it really did brightened up my skin
my skin feels almost perfect
it is somewhat matte
my skin is radiant.
i am dark complexion
my skin was brighter after only a few uses.
this makes my skin feel smoother
it has brightened up my dull skin
it seems to be more even in tone and texture.
i see a difference in brightness without makeup
!my skin start looking bright.
my skin is smooth and feels great.
makes my skin bright & glows!
it actually does what it promises to do: leaves skin brighter
it def looks brighter
i noticed my skin texture look brighter
which makes me smile
which makes be bright
it has softened my skin texture
helps even out my skin tone
find that my skin is glowing
in addition it makes your skin super smooth
it makes my skin glow
i feel it helps my complexion look brighter.
my skin is luminous and glowing.
my skin looks brighter
overall my skin looks more youthful
my skin looks dull
my skin looked brighter
it has greatly improved my skin texture
skintone is becoming more even
i woke up to skin that looked brighter
my skin feels so smooth
in 2 weeks of use my complexion became more radiant
my face just looks & feels smoother!
it instantly brightens my tired eyes!
the color is less bright pink than the benefit depuffing product which does not blend well with my skin tone
it really does brighten
my eyes instantly look brighter when i use the korres eye treatment
nice silky eye cream that brightens
this eye cream is fantastic!
my eyes look brighter
instantly brightens your under eye area
it really lightens my circles.
it gives me a smooth
much brighter canvas to work on
it gives my under eye area a luminous look
brightening the under-eye skin
i like the smooth more lotion like texture
overall it goes on smooth.
it has the nice feeling of an eye cream
it really brightens my undereyes
especially their facial brightening cream
keeps my skin supple
my skin looks flawless
look amazing on my skin
lightweight moisturizer that wears beautifully underneath make up
it always left it smooth
fell in love it makes my face smooth
feels velvety after it has settled for a few minutes
it also absorbs very fast with a smooth finish
keeps my skin fresh
it doesn't make my skin glow
doesn't make me look flawless
the facial radiance pads are nice too
its light and perfect for me.
blush or powder glides on nicely.
it leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
soft with a "healthy glow"
it has also made my skin look very radiant
a more even skin tone
the consistency is very light
overall smoother softer skin
its much brighter/supple
i my skin truly looks younger
my skin appeared brighter
it definetly makes my face/neck bright
i can instantly see a glow to my skin with that said it's a little shiny at times
love it paired with the brightening serum- best my skin has been in years
in the morning my skin looks so glowy
my skins feels smooth
it has definitely helped to brighten
even out my complexion
my foundation goes on like silk
makes your skin silky
i found my skin looked much smoother
my neck looks lifted and jawline looks firm
to how it makes my skin glow
my skin looks immediately more radiant
evens out skin tone noticeably.
it gave me a nice glow
my skin looks brighter
i got this product for its brightening abilities.
my skin tone was uneven
the camu camu cream makes my skin smooth as glass
gives it amazing luminosity
it is easily toned down with primer or foundation
it truly brightens my skin
also my skin appears more even toned
help make my skin look brighter/younger
my skin looks much smoother and clearer.
my face is looking brighter already!!!
my skin is smoother
foundation glides right on top of it
"your skin is beautiful
today my skin is smooth
feels a little tingling it almost resembles the texture of make up when applied to the skin because it's thicker than other creams
it spreads smoothly over your skin leaving a very matte finish
this is similar in texture.
skin is very smooth after.
you will feel a slight tingle
my skin glows the next day
my skin looks tighter
my skin was smooth, bright and looked amazing.
this product is for all the textured skin girls out there
it makes my skin feel so smooth
your skin feels baby smooth after this mask
i find this mask helps a lot with your skin complexion
leaves my skin glowing
face is clear, supple, and glowing.
my skin has radiant
make my skin more even toned
my skin looks super dull
leaves my skin looking bright
then this lovely cooling sensation takes place
my skin felt smooth
smooth my skin looked
amazing tingle with results!
it brightens my skin in 10 min
my skin stays glowy for the whole day
my skin was glowing and super smooth after!
the coloring even appears more even
it brightens the face as well.
my skin feels smoother, tighter, and clean.
i loved this face mask bc it left a dramatic brightness to my skin
my skin feels so soft, smooth, brighter and clea.
my skin is smoother and brighter.
my face overall looks smoother
i def noticed my skin smoother and brighter.
i felt my face pulsating
it really does brighten
softer for me it looked a little clearer aswell
softest, clearest skin after this mask.
only a slight calming tingle
redeemed some points for the glam glow set
my skin has never felt smoother or more refreshed
i got the glam glow set with my points
my skin looks much tighter
makes your skin feel so smooth
now about the "gentle tingle"
your skin really does "glow" afterwards.
left my skin so smooth
it makes my fave feel smooth
the texture was totally different
my skin feels smooth
it makes your skin tingle as it works on your face
my skin is brighter in appearance
is constantly complementing my skin
after each use my face "glows"
it felt soft, it looked brighter.
my face was so smooth
light texture of the product
the the wrinkles were smoother
my make up seems to glide on
look smoother as well
my eye area is brighter
i love the pearl inside because it glides on
have a healthier appearance to my eyes
skin texture seems to have improved as well.
paired with a good night's sleep
nice texture and very coolng to the eye area.
mproved the texture of skin to make it smooth
my skin glowed the next morning
my facial tone overall seems more even
just a uneven skin tone
a overall even skin tone
the brightness of my skin
my skin appears brighter
the texture of the cream is light
my skin is glowing
it glides on the skin and makes it luminous.
the luminous quality is welcome anytime of year!
my skin is brighter
this product goes on smooth
my skin feels brighter
it is so smooth
my pores are smoother
the cellumination cream actually has brightened it a bit
it goes on light and easy with a little shimmer.
the creme feels great on my skin
love the light weight, silky smooth moisturizer.
it also gives me a beautiful healthy glow.
it seems to give my aging dull skin a brighter appearance
lightweight feel which gives an instant healthy glow
evened out my skin tone
my fine lines seem smoother
my skin is brighter than ever
i think this cream has really helped my skin too brighter
it absolutely makes my skin glow
i like that it gives my face a healthy "glow".
i don't feel like it has brighten my skin the way the product claims
my complexion looks noticeably more even
my overall skin tone lightened considerably
my skin is brighter
my forehead looks smoother
give my skin such a beautiful glow
my skin looks radiant
does seem to add a glow to my skin.
it feels luxurious on the skin
it makes my skin look younger: bright and dewy.
the texture is perfect
made my skin look
my skin is also brighter.
really feel that this cream has helped restore some of my skins luster
it got healthy glow
it's texture is light
give my skin a radiant glow
makes my skin feel so soft with a great brightening apperance
my face has a refreshing, dewy feel to it.
cellumination cream did seem to help brighten my complexion
my skin looks fresh
my overall tone was lightened
i glowed, even through my lightweight foundation!
my skin was brightened up some
seems to make it brighten even more
my overall skin tone lightened considerably
this product feels weightless
it seemed perfect for my aging
the rest of my body darker
i notice my skin is very smooth
keeping skin looking bright
the texture feels good upon application.
it definitely has left my face with a smoother
i felt a difference in the texture of the skin under my eyes
i feel like my skin texture is smoother
my skin feels more youthful
skintone is a bit more even
my skin seems nicer
have a more radiant appearance
my skin looks rejuvenated
it looks like glass
specifically my face looked thinner
the product goes on my face smooth
i noticed an improved in the texture of my skin
one of the first things i noticed was the consistency of the lotion-it has a very lightweight texture
i also love that my skintone evened.
my skin looks radiant
my skin is looking healthier than it used to
breakouts less, skin softer, looks brighter.
smooth my face looks
plump like i wanted
my skin looks more luminous from this cleanser.
skin looks fresh & clean & dewey!
gave my skin an instant glow
this cleanser helps my skin look smoother
my skin feels smoother
my skin at age 70 looks great.
my facial skin "glows" after the first wash
it's great for smoothing out my skin as well!
my skin is more vibrant
smooth, soft, calm, and just perfect!
the next day her skin looked absolutely radiant
it leaves your face silky smooth
this has a very light texture
it doesn't cause any breakouts it just leaves you with this beautiful glow i am super impressed
it is so smooth
that i was "glowing
almost had a glow to it
it has a nice even silky consistancy.
it feels soothing on the skin
it's completely clear, plumper, radiant.
my skin was smooth
helps the cleaning process a little smoother
it is so smooth
left you with glowing skin
it has also added a glow to my skin.
melt in my face like a magic super smooth
i liked the texture
i think it made my skin brighter
finish with another derm bought light-weight brightening
my skin is more balanced
i really like the texture
certainly notice how lusciously soft my skin feels
the consistency of this cream is thick and rich.
it makes my skin look
the texture is very rich
it leaves my skin plumped
i feel my skin radiant
my nighttime application left my skin feel supple
each morning my skin looks a little healthier
my makeup application looks so even and bright.
she said it looked so smooth
if my skin keeps improving
it definitely plumps my skin
which does make my skin look more youthful
feel of my skin definitely improved
my skin looks amazing!
my skin looks fresh and younger!!
my skin looks so radiant
the cream has a nice consistency
i makes my concelier glide on smooth
the texture is like
it makes my eye shadow look smoother
my skin looks and feels healthy and radiant.
the texture is soft
it is classy looking
like glowing, smooth skin.
the texture is mildly thick
leave skin with a healthy dewy soft sheen.
my face felt velvety smooth
that my skin looked dewy
i love how elegant it looks
the texture is very rich
also feel my skin a little bit more radiant
after just one week made my skin more radiant
will give you a dewy look that lasts all day
my first impression is that it glides smoothly on the skin
my skin is brighter and feels softer.
and skin is brighter and softer.
this product has made my skin more supple
smooth and pat into my skin.
how my face glows after using it
it has improved the texture of my skin.
she complimented me on my skin
said it looks brighter
my skin feels more plump
it goes on silky smooth
the skin isn't so smooth on my cheeks
i can see some evening of my skintone
i like the slightly cool almost gel like consistency
my skin also feels so much softer and smoother.
my skin tone looks brighter overall
my skin looks great
keeps my skin looking almost glowing
that really lets the "glow" come through
leaves skin smooth and soft.
make your skin matt and balanced.
works wonders in brightening
of age, my skin looks fabulous.
improves my fine wrinkles
it leaves your skin so smooth
your skin looks younger
more youthful i looked
this cream goes on smooth
it gives a youthful, smoothed and refreshed look.
it brightens the eye area
diminishes the appearance of fine wrinkles
seems to have improved the texture of my skin
glides on so smoothly
it brightens the eye area
it adds some brightening effects
my eyes looked 100% refreshed
it makes your eyes look refreshed
makes the skin around my eyes look younger
i see an improvement in my skin texture
makes the skin around my eyes smooth and soft.
gentle eye cream that works
my aging eyes looked brighter after 2 uses.
my skin immediately felt smoother and softer.
my pores did look refined
applying my makeup i noticed my pores looked even more refined
my face was glowing
my skin is smooth
sometimes use the glam glow under eye mask
leaves skin smooth and clear.
overall my skin just feels 100x more healthy
creates this photoshopped smoothness to my face
leaves you with amazing skin
my skin is glowy
spells a little funky and tingles at first
my skin is more radiant looking
my complexion positively glows
not the most pleasant sensation at first
my face felt super smooth
what an after glow to my skin
it smoothens out the skin and skin feels fresh.
it made my skin immediately look brighter
the way i look at my skin
it does have a tingly sensation at the beginning
my skin is radiant than ever
instantly feel smooth fresh
it left my skin looking very shiny
my skin has looked flawless
my skin looks 10x better after
its just so smooth
my skin really improved
my skin looks 5 years younger
it is a perfect texture for under makeup
it leaves the skin glowing rather than matte
keeps my skin balanced
absorbs very fast n gives my skin a little glow which i like
the silky texture almost feels like a primer.
foundation lays nicely over top.
improved the texture of my skin with a brighter complexion
i really enjoy the texture
since i started using this my skin looks flawless everyday
has transformed my skin completely
just leaves my face glowy and soft!
it instantly made my skin feel fresher
my skin has never been this soft and smoother!!
the texture of this one is better
my skin feels plump, healthy and happy.
leaves my skin glowing
my skin just looks glowy
works really well with my foundation when i go for a light dewy look
my skin is radiant
my skin still feels smooth
will a little powder your skin will look perfect
it does stay matte
finally matte all day!
my face is so shiny
does an excellent job of keeping my complexion matte throughout the day
this helps my oily skin look matte all day long.
this keeps it matte all day
and it makes my skin flawless looking.
it has a natural look
my skin is smooth
makes my skin glow
this has completely transformed my skin.
in just a week i noticed how brighter my complexion looked
my skin has an overall glow to it
my face has become so smooth
my nails are stronger and look much healthier!
just a few drops on your face makes it dewy
in my personal experience this product has made my skin smoother
this product makes my skin look dewy and healthy.
overall my skin looks
it makes my under eyes look flawless.
my skin has a very light glow!
makeup glides on smoothly over the wonderful product
it made my skin smoother, and dewy!
since using this product my skin looks flawless
my skin looks brighter
it gives a "natural" dewy finish
it makes my skin look amazing
it looks so radiant
even complimented my skin
it ended up looking super cakey
my foundation looking dewy
it has helped my skin look more rejuvenated
it was overall just brighter
i noticed my skin starting to look more dull
my skin is glowing
the skins looks fresh
my skin is smoother
wake up with glowy skin
it really helps with spreadability
it gives my skin a nice dewy glow
this stuff is amazing for curly hair!!!
skin has more glow
my skin has totally transformed
everything made it so smooth
it made my skin so smooth
so beautiful and healthy looking.
my skin is super soft and literally glows now.
my skin is glowing
it helps with my combination skin
my skin has transformed
my face is genuinely radiant/glowy
this is perfect for improving skin texture
made her skin look flawless
this makes my face smooth all day
makes your skin so smooth!
for a pretty dewy glow
feels light on the skin
makes it more dewy since i bake it makes the powder less noticeable
on some of my powder contour shades to make them a bit more creamy
my complexion is more even
it gives such a beautiful glow
and my face is more brighter.
one drop with the cream and flawless.
makes my skin glow the next morning
apply my make up it helps my make up look dewy
makes my eyes look amazing.
the texture of the skin under the eyes is significantly smoother
it feels so luxurious
face feels perfectly supple
plus:- light weight- no greasy feeling- very subtle perfume- skin looks healthier
that my skin's tone is clearer
the texture makes your skin feel like silk
it goes on so silky smooth and feels great.
it feels creamy & good on my skin.
my skin has got its glow back
my skin looks refreshed
it makes my skin balanced
my face feels plump
my skin was smooth
makes my 45 year old combination skin look
it leaves my skin very smooth
also my skin glows a little bit after applied this
this cream keeps my skin nice
my skin is always luminous after using it
i still have that luminosity in the morning
gives it an intensive glow
great texture, doesn't leave skin oily.
it does make my skin look more radiant
made my face fell silky
if feels refreshing, light and super smooth.
my makeup looks flawless
gives me a radiant glow the next morning
my blemishes disappear was wonderful
also feels light and fresh.
has improved the overall texture of my face
it is a nice eye cream
around my eyes appear smoother
i do think that this one makes my skin more radiant
it makes my skin look supple
today though i look as smooth as a baby!
it's helped smooth out my skin around my eyes
it has made them bigger fuller and more plump .
works great to build up the scaffolding that the skin needs to not look saggy
my skin looks even and younger.
your skin looks better and better over time.
my skin feels so much smoother
seemingly powerful as it tones my skin nicely
although the consistency of the cream feels light
seems to plump up the skin
smile creepily at myself in the mirror to make sure
my skin was so smooth and looked very healthy.
fresh my skin looked
makes my makeup go on smoother
allows my under eye concealer to go on much smoother than without
it just leaves my eye smooth.
the texture under my eyes feels smooth
overall brightness of the eye area
silky in no time
definitely my new favorite eye cream.
it is very smooth
the color of this product was now white instead of yellowish
this is a very soothing eye cream which reduces dark circles
it does smooth it a tiny bit
even improves the coloring
makes the skin around my eyes feel amazing
the skin around my eyes feels silky and smooth.
it makes the skin around your eyes absolutely silky smooth upon application
love how it smoothes and brightens the eye area.
i really like the consistency of this eye cream
silky cream is the exact texture you want for an eye cream
goes on super smooth.
still love a good tan
more youthful appearance under your eye
this leaves a great matte finish
it has a silky texture
the texture is somewhat odd
i really like the texture of this product.
it glides on under make up easily and smoothly.
upper cheekbones looks smoother an softer
the eye area looks more smooth and healthy.
because of the velvety smoothness
i feel that my make-up smooths on easier
bright-eyed" look i am so happy to see return
i love the smooth texture
my eyes look amazing
love the results: smoother lines
this eye cream has firmed
this eye cream feels silky soft on the skin
have complemented how good my skin looks
with the help of the murad has lightened the skin
my skin is much smoother
kinda sorta lightened the freckles on my cheeks.
her skin looked great
the texture is more even
my skin looks better already
i tried different lightening/brightening products
made the quality of my skin look healthy
it really lightens the color of your scars
i can already tell that my skin looks smoother
my skin has become smoother
works wonderful on scars.
my skin is smoother
my skin is plumper
it's also brighter and more even.
my skin is smooth
my skin looks radiant
it makes my skin look fresh
the beginning of some texture issues on my cheeks
my texture issue is plumped up
my texture issues reappeared
my skin has a glow to it
my skin looks flawless
i saw that my skin was more smooth
my skin looks great
my skins seems to look brighter in the morning
my skin looks radiant and more taut, even.
in fact it was nourishing leaving my skin smooth supple
it really helped to smooth out the texture of my skin
my skin literally looks plump
after a week, it is softer and smoother.
has helped to rejuvenate my skin
my face feels supple
smoothed out the unevenness
is that i have: uneven skin texture
my skin definitely appears more bright
the texture is nice
this is the first retinol product that has brought smoothness
vibrancy back to my skin
it has evened out my skin texture
it helps diminish wrinkles adds moisture while the retinal truly transforms skin from dull to radiant
this product brought me the satisfaction of smoother skin
my skin has smoothed out
my skin tone seems brighter
my face already looks smoother
my skin has been smooth and overall looks better.
my skin is smoother and more radiant.
my skin is smoother
definitely helped change the texture of my skin
my skin feels so new and revitalized.
it really helps to smooth my skin.
smoother skin and a more even skin tone.
my complexion is clear
my cheek area is smoother
makes my skin feel silky smooth
its cool and soothing to the skin.
my face is smooth
it has made my skin smooth
my skin still feels wonderfully balanced
my skin is baby bottom smooth all day
gives a smooth foundation for my foundation
in need of smoothing the texture on their face
it makes my face look brighter and smoother.
my skin stays nice and matte all day long.
made it feel like silk
my skin has never looked this flawless.
leaves my skin extremely silky smooth
the result is a smoothly refined texture to the skin
my skin had a much smoother appearance overall
my skin is bright
making it more bright
my skin is glorious.
a bit of blush on my face
my skin feels smoother
at least my skin is smooth to the touch
it gives a beautiful glow to your skin
has improved the texture
overall look of my skin
leaves me...not matte, but 'multiperfected'.
my skin looks clearer
my skin looks noticeably better
my skin is smoother
my skin looks smoother and healthier.
my overall complexion is bright
hasten cell turnover for a brighter skin tone
i've found that it is helping to plump
the texture of my skin is very nice using it
this helped even out my skin tone
it goes on silky
it does smooth the skin's texture
my pores are tighter and my skin brighter.
smoothness that it needs
it helps with the overall skin texture
feels so much smoother
my skin looks instantly brighter and clearer.
my pores are visibly smoother
i wake up to such smooth skin.
it does make the skin smooth
the texture is smooth
your skin actually looks younger"
my skin feels smoother
my skin was also smoother
this serum has helped improve tone.
my skin seems brighter
the area is smoother
it brightens almost immediately
this product give a smooth dry finish
lightens the under eye
my eyes look brighter
made my eyes appear much brighter
have the pale thin skin
the skin there appears much smoother.
my skin has been glowing
he commented on how my eyes looked brighter
it brightens my entire eye area as well as softens my fine lines
under eye area looks brighter.
the lightweight texture is soothing to the under eye area
this treatment is smooth
eyes look and feel better.
yet glides over skin
it feels nice and silky.
it makes my eyes look refreshed.
skin looks more plump
4 weeks in my skin is smoother
eventually you'll see smoother fresher skin come through
it made them so smooth
it also just makes my eyes look brighter
texture under my eyes
brightening my under eyes
i do look more refreshed
this eye cream is brightening
makes it super smooth
it has made a lot of difference in how moisturized my eyes look
my undereye instantly brightens
i love the thick consistency of this eye cream
know the eye brightness is a result of this
pleased with this eye cream
this just seems to brighten up my undereye area.
this eye cream is absolutely perfect
the brightening makes up for it
it helps brighten dark eyes
smooth my under eye
t gives me a natural glow around the eyes
it goes on silky smooth
hope that my eyes brighten
not much for brighten
it definitely brightens up the eye area
really like this eye cream very smooth
this has really made my eyes smoother
i love the silky smoothness of it
my skin is brighter
this eye cream helps with brightening under eye darkness
i think the texture is creamy and smooth.
brightens that area up
it has a tiny bit of shimmer in it which brightens up the area a bit
makes my skin soft and feels heavenly.
keeps the skin way softer
it makes the skin look brighter too
gives me a glow that literally lasts all day
it immediately makes my skin look healthier
so my face is very dry lately because of the first aid beauty : facial radiance intensive peel
it gives me a nice healthy glow
(awesome for lips and cheeks!)
the foundation dbls as dewy
makes it look fresh
it has really helped the texture.
make up goes on smoother.
the texture is perfect without giving me the oily feel
it imparts a bit of a natural glow
makes hair better healthy looking..
the title infinity cream really fits the description
i also smooth this on my lips.
it makes your face look so dewy
it definitely left a shine
you could also use it in combination with eye-shadow for a glossy look
the texture is light
it makes my face dewy throughout the day
every foundation looks cakey
gives a beautiful dewy finish
the shading still looks perfect
great for mature skin plumping
giving a glow to my face
it's the consistency of aquaphor but thicker.
this keeps my skin glowing
my skin becomes clearer
my skin is brighter
gives me an instant glow and silky hydration.
sheer build-able color in a whisper light formulation that sinks right in to my skin adding a "natural looking glow"
its versatile because you can build the color or keep it lighter
its easy to apply and gives a natural glow.
the texture is awesome
leaving it with a soft glow
feeling smooth as ever
my lips feel smooth.
it really gives your skin a healthy glow
keeps my skin nice
it gives my makeup a beautiful finish.
this one glides on
my skin feels great and plumped.
however a little bit of powder in the morning gives me a natural looking glow
not oily and leaves your skin supple and smooth.
this creamy oil creates the perfect base for makeup
it left it looking dewy and healthy.
i woke the next day with soft and supple skin.
personally i love the dewy glow it gives my complexion
i get compliments regularly on how nice my complexion looks
the eye area was much smoother looking.
it absorbs nicely and feels very comfortable.
the glow is back.
makes your skin smooth
gives me beautiful skin
the texture of the skin has changed for the better :
this one is definitely lighter
this cream will definitely give you a beautiful glow as well as leaving your skin soft
today morning it works wonderful my face looks bright
my face is so much softer/smoother
fresher once i've used it
the consistency is somewhat thick
plumped/refined the whole area
it has a nice light texture and isn't greasy.
this seems to be a good for my smile crinkles.
rich cream that really brightens the undereye area
evens out my skin tone
this product is smooth
i like thicker richer eye creams
i am loving the way laser focus feels
dewy skin that feels soft
i woke up to beautiful soft skin.
makes my face feel super soft & refreshed!
makes my skin so supple
it has a silky whipped like texture
my make up also looks flawless
this cream makes my skin feel fantastic.
leaves my skin lovely
it gives a healthy glow that lasts all day.
great for mature skin
it keeps your skin nice
i do get that dewy glow by morning
made my skin look bright
supple in the morning
i've noticed my skin to look healthier
i don't wake up with an attractive glow the way i do with my usual turnaround radiance night moisturizer
a dream for dry skin
my skin was bumpy and blotchy.
my skin looked so dewy
it gives it an awesome glow
it is very plumping
i wake up with plump radiant skin
however, this is a lovely mask.
this soothing gel product improved the quality of my skin in just one use
does fulfill it's promise of a dewy morning glow
your skin feels smooth like a baby in the morning
my skin has never been more dewy and healthy.
my skin was dewy
leaves my face soft with a nice glow
my skin looks great in the morning
my skin has a nice even glow
my skin has definitely changed in texture
it makes my skin look
the texture is more like a gel
continues to keep it bright
t does deliver on making your skin dewy
my skin had no glow to it
not to mention had a rough looking texture
my face felt beautifully soft
my skin looks dewey
my skin stays beautiful
it did a great job on brightening my skin tone
divinely smooth texture that moisturizes without feeling too thick or greasy
i woke up with very smooth skin
this leaves my skin smooth
brightened my skin after just one use
is far less grainy- it applies very smoothly
it feels super luxurious on the skin
no graininess what-so-ever
the glow it gives is just pure magic.
the brush is perfect
it always looks clearer
glows after i use this
its easy to put on and it transforms my skin.
my skin is glowing
my skin always feels velvety smooth afterwards
much nicer than the givenchy one that comes with their masques
my skin seems fresher
more even toned from using it
my skin looks brighter
also gives a lasting radiant skin
made my dry skin soft and gorgeous!
skin looks brighter after each use!
right away i notice my skin more supple
the brush is of good quality
it leaves my skin with a radiant look
leaves my skin soft and radiant!
your skin looks cleaner
the brush it comes with is lovely
it feels more luxurious
it tingles pleasantly while it's on your face.
it feels like a feather on your face
it really works to make my skin clearer
my skin looks great
my skin is much smoother
i literally felt a difference in my skin texture
felt/ saw my skin glowing
my blemishes look smaller
my face feels toned
the brush is a nice bonus
my face felt smoother
was noticeably more radiant
my skin looks much more radiant than when i first received that tiny sample
my skin looks much better
keeps the skin clear
just feels healthier overall
my skin feels so smooth and refreshed.
my skin is still smooth to the touch
my skin looks cleaner
keeps my skin soft, brightened and glowing.
my skin looks brighter
in the morning it feels like velvet.
keeps my skin glowing
it goes on smooth
this leaves me with a light dewy feel
this left my complexion glowing
everyone's skin is different
my skin feels a lot more smooth
i wake up with supple
i wake up with great radiance
my skin looking younger
my skin is so smooth
my felt like my skin texture improved quite a bit
the texture is perfect- it absorbs like a dream
my fave feels soft and smoother in the morning.
it is great for the décolleté area
my skin is softer and brighter than before.
i glide this one my face
it makes your skin feel so smooth the next morning
it goes on silky smooth
i truly wake up to glowing skin.
ended up looking cakey
i wake up to a beautiful glow
i did like the light texture
it feels so light on your skin like a feather
lightweight, non-greasy and perfect.
it gives an amazing glow
i like the texture.
blends nicely with my makeup
it makes it very supple
it gives me flawless skin
it always glides on smooth
it is a little bit thicker
texture- definitely worth the money- natural ingredientscons:- too shiny
even under make-up it still leaves a glossy look
this left me with a pretty tan color after some sun exposure
there is a slight shine that is easily covered with powder that stays matte most of the day
cakey feeling to my skin
it evens out my skin complexion
it helped my skin texture and vibrancy.
this oil is a little thicker consistency
leaves a nice glow to the skin
it improved the texture of my skin.
balanced with great texture
make it more beautiful
just a dewy like finish
it seems to have a matte look
gave my skin a much-needed radiant glow
it works to create a smooth surface on your face
has actually helped to make my skin smoother
make you look shiny
evened out my skin tone
my complexion is more even
my foundation goes on more smooth
my skin looked healthier
the inner glow definitely showed through my matte finish foundation
my skin feels plump
my face feels smooth
leaves my skin smooth without any side effects
my skin looks refreshed
my 40+ skin felt "plump" and incredibly "smooth".
skin plumped right up
give me a little glow
this product makes my skin glow
noticeably transforms skin and improves make up!
my skin is clear, radiant and smooth.
give a beautiful natural luminance to the faceworth it
it really gives you a glow
like a healthy beautiful glow
while adding subtle luminosity that makes my skin appear vibrant
very light, but also soothing.
my one slight complaint is that it can accentuate the oiliness of my skin
it leaves my skin supple
even-toned as well as soft
makes my skin look and feel fabulous.
my face has an even texture
my face is always glowing
the oil gives a great glow to your skin
gives some great glow to my 40 year old skin
my skin looks more radiant
radiant when i wake up
this product works wonderfully with dry skin.
leaves the skin flawless and helps elasticity.
i feel like it evens my skin tone
i get complements on my skin
my skin has never looked so radiant and smooth.
makes me skin feel smooth all day long
it makes my skin glow so nicely
foundation glides on so nicely
my skin is noticeably smoother
my skin is more dewy (not oily!)
look more dewy-fresh
this product helps my face to be smooth
my skin looks so healthy
the texture has improved
gives your makeup a lovely glow when mixed in/applied under your foundation
feels silky smooth going on
it makes my foundation apply much smoother
my skin is more plump and supple.
over time my skin has become smoother, softer.
it glows with such a radiance
brighter, softer skin...less blemishes.
smoothed out my texture, made my skin glow.
there is an instant glow
my skin just glows now
i like the more dewy looking finish of make up
skin feels heavenly after using it
my skin has been immaculate.
makes my legs so beautiful
my skin is smoother
it has made my skin glowing and smooth.
my skin is glowy
i could always use it on clients for dewy looks
leaves your skin silky smooth
it has a wonderful texture
it has really left my complexion looking radiant
leaves skin so smooth
leaves your skin with a beautiful glow
i get tons of compliments on my complexion
my face looks youthful and my skin looks amazing.
it makes my face feel smooth
leaves my skin with a smooth
my cheeks feel like a baby's
my complexion was more even
made my skin soooo smooth
gives a tingling fresh feel
it makes my skin have this healthy glow.
perfectly soothed like a rose
also love that it brightens up my skin!
my makeup glides perfectly over it
i noticed that my skin had the most beautiful glow
refreshing on the skin
the formula is wonderful -- the texture is thin
i just got fab facial polish
compliments on my gorgeous glow for weeks now
my skin looks glowing
my skin felt a lot smoother
over healthy skin glow
it illuminates my skin
makes my skin soft and dewy?
i like to feel dewy
it's also silky smooth without any sticky feeling that usually gel creams give
it soothes your skin which is perfect for the warmer weather seasons
my skin seems smoother
my skin usually looks a bit shiny
it really refreshes my skin after work
giving my face a healthier-looking complexion
my skins feels more plump
my skin is riveting
it's bright and soft and feels so nice to touch.
it leaves my face soft and smooth.
many cultures that rosewater rejuvenates the skin making it smoother
your skin will definitely improve
my skin looks flawless
continued use expect to see smooth clear bright beautiful skin
my oils feel more balanced now
was quite shocked to see how radiant my skin looked
my skin was brighter
my skin has never felt softer or looked more radiant
it adds the perfect glow!
love how it brighten my skin
it leaves an orange tint on your skin if you are very light
left pleasant looking glow to my face
an uneven skin tone
my skin is brighter and plumper.
the orange tint goes away
gives it a nice hue
after using this oil, my skin is luminous.
my skin looks amazing
my face is flawless
more radiant than it's ever been
my makeup looks dewy and my skin is so glowy!!!!!
my skin is clear and radiant.
my skin looks healthy
my face was bright, radiant and smooth.
its feels noticeably softer
your skin will be more even toned
i just have a beautiful healthy glow
it leaves a slightly orange tint to your skin
it feels very luxurious
brightens the face instantly
the results smooth skin in the morning.
it gives your skin a nice glow
my skin looks and feels so youthful.
rough skin has improved
it does leave a slightly "orange" tint
even on my light skin i feel like it looks more glowy
my skin appears more youthful
it does leave an orange tint at first
the textures on my skin disappeared
my skin had a healthy glow
i can see a subtle glow
my skin looks so refreshed
the feel of the oil is smooth
my skin looks so dull
gives my pillow a slight orange tinge
makes my skin look radiant/healthy
i wake up with a smooth & refreshed look.
i wake up to beautiful, youthful looking skin.
gives it a natural glow
my skin seems more balanced
brighter using this oil
just the all over texture of my skin
brightens up my skin and my day!
it perks my complexion for sure
wake up with silky smooth skin
i am very fair skinned with pinkish tones
all thanks to this beautiful oil
it also brightens the color.
it looked even more youthful
gave my skin a "plump" moisturized/youthful appearance
my skin looks almost perfect now
glowing look it gave my skin
adds a slight tint of orange to your face after applying
i actually like the small orange tint as i feel it evens out my skin tone
gives me a slight glow
no itchy problems just gorgeous smooth skin
definitely gives a great glow to my face
plump without looking puffy
it really gives your skin a beautiful glow
makes your skin look gorgeous
makes your skin glow - for real.
my skin looks amazing
my skin looks amazing
your face is so "glowy"
this oil made my skin glow.
my skin is looking brighter
adds much-needed color to my face that looks natural
gives a lovely glow to my face
now my skin looks super fresh
my skin is more glowing and even.
it looks a bit greasy
my foundation looks flawless without drying out.
my skin looks healthy
my skin looks dewey
the good news: it does brighten my skin
i recommend this for anyone interested in a more radiant complexion
my skin is firm and radiant and very smooth.
use eye cream for brightening
it has a nice texture
this is smooth as silk
has improved the texture
makes no claim to brighten or improve the appearance of dark circles
the texture is perfect.
makes eye area very smooth
the skin looks plumper
it glides on the eye area and feels silky-smooth.
the way it glides on
it seems to make the whites of my eyes a little brighter
while i liked the texture of the cream
am pleasingly surprised to see that my dark circles are lighter
my eyes overall look brighter
this really helps smooth the fine lines around my eyes
i really like the texture so smooth
on my cheek bones for a healthy glow
a bobbi brown makeup artist vanished the fine lines under my eyes with this extra soothing balm
even gives it a little bit of a glow
gradual color with no orange tint or streaking
hampton gel product keep me from looking pasty pale
makes your skin feel toned
my skin texture is smoother
i love the glow that it gives my light/medium toned skin
it is a nice skin-kissed glow.
it leaves my skin glowing
my skin looks clearer
when i washed my face next the color was flawless
perfect for when i want to self tan
it's perfect for transitioning into warmer weather
it gives me a little bit of color while keeping my skin moisturized
the texture is light
this makes my skin look amazing
it always leave my skin looking luminous
feel so much smoother
my skin feels smooth with less texture in the morning
everyone i know notices how radiant my skin looks
better looking my skin is
my skin has never looked so bright and even.
my skin tone is brighter.
my skin is transformed.
just beautiful glowy skin!!
it really does give my skin a glow.
skin is so bright
all over skin color/tone
with a bonus rosy glow
my skin looks smooth
my skin has a beautiful radiance
this has really brightened my face.
this product has given a luminosity to my skin i've never had
i like the light texture
even my esthetician commented how nice my skin looked
my skin is super smooth
my skin looks feels
my skin looks shiny
this makes my skin glow
it was helpful to keep my sun-kissed skin glowing
this eye cream is hydrating with a subtle glow to really help brighten the eye area
gives you such a healthy glow
orange makes your skin feel refreshed instantly.
my skin is plump
love how bright and refreshed i've been looking!
it makes my skin smooth
it didn't create a glow that i noticed
feel verg refreshing on the skin
it definitely did leave my skin silky smooth
for my combo skin this is perfect summer moisture
i love how radiant it makes my skin look
i've also noticed that my face looks slightly brighter
the texture is wonderful
more of a fuller cream if that makes sense
to the refreshing tingle across my skin
it's smooth texture glides on easily
feels like it glows
the bouncy texture reminds me of a cloud cream.
those areas look brighter
i did enjoy how it glides on my skin
my face is super silky
it makes my skin absolutely velvety.
i genuanally see a brighter difference in my skin
it gives a small tingling sensation
i do notice that my skin looks lighter
bright after using this
the texture it's soft
it instantly gives me a nice glow after i put it on
it's supposed to brighten and refresh the skin.
really smooth the canvas for makeup like this primer
my face was still flawless
this gives a great canvas
give my skin a nice matte
it provides a nice smooth canvas for foundation
makes my foundation apply smoothly
gives a beautiful all day finish !
providing a flawless canvas for makeup application
this primer really smooths things out abs gives my foundation a beautiful finish
this evens out my skin tone
my face looks smooth
it makes my face look and feel like velvet.
it evens out my complexion
feels silky on my skin.
leaves skin silky smooth.
my skin always improves when i use it
my face looks flawless!
my skin texture really is bumpy
my complexion is clearer and brighter.
my skin feels silky smooth after application
soft satin finish with no sticky feeling!
this one from algenist is smooth
my skin feels like satin
this is a neutral color primer that goes on nicely
my make-up looks smoother
satin- soft feel to your skin
made my skin super smooth
made foundation application a breeze
this makes my skin amazingly smooth
makes my complexion like velvet.
it was very smooth
it makes skin texture smooth
fills in imperfections so that make-up glides on perfectly
my skin feels so smooth
no pilling no shine it is just smooth
gives a smooth texture to your skin
my skin tone is fantastic
it keeps my face looking smoother
it made my face so silky smooth.
it made my skin smooth
yet still an amazing texture
primes skill beautifully before makeup
love the finish it leaves on my skin-nice smooth
the texture was better than my skin alone
it not only leaves your skin silky smooth for foundation application
this was perfection - smooth, velvety texture.
smooth without the oiliness
it looked firmer, and more radiant.
my makeup glided on
my face had a natural glow with it
my skin looks 5 years younger
my face looks rejuvenated
using this product made my skin looked porcelain.
it leaves my skin radiant
great my skin looks
my skin looks amazing
it goes into skin beautifully
it makes my skin smooth
my skin just has a better texture
i think it brightens the complexion
this cleared up skin beautifully
gave my skin a brightness
skin does feel smoother though no "miracles"
the skin under my eyes looks like it use to
skin is firmer with a younger texture.
my skin texture is smooth again.
my skin was noticibky smoother
my skin is clearer
"plumper" without looking fat
my skin just glows
as well as olive skin tone
my skin looks smoother
gives a much smoother appearance
overall texture of my skin
overall seems to brighten my skin without feeling greasy like some other products
my skin is brighten
leaves my skin so smooth
my skin just wasn't as radiant
my skin just glows
i definitely notice my skin looks better
over all look of my skin
makes my skin pop with fresh light.
i see an improved brightness to the skin on my cheeks
my cheekbones are much more defined.
skin texture feels smoother and less wrinkly.
my skin has a new glow
it leaves it very smooth
my skin-tone became much more uniform
my skin is smooth
overall my skin color is evening out
my skin feels supple
my skin now literally glows
i think my face looks firmer
makes my skin nice
this product has smoothed my skin's texture
made my skin so much smoother and softer!
i saw remarkable changes: more uniformity of skintone
mirabile dictu/oh wondrous day: really noticible increase in firmness
thinner cheeks/bolder cheekbones
it definitely helps my skin look younger.
my skin looks beautiful!
clearer, brighter, softer skin.
my skin looks great
skin tone is more even
my skin looks younger
my skin is definitely smoother when i use is once a day
my skin is brighter
even the texture is better.
my skin was even and glowed.
skin texture is improved
this product certainly gives you a glow
it makes ny skin so soft and much brighter.
it left my skin smooth
my skin is so smooth
helps balance my skin
make me skin dewy
my skin looked great
it feels so luxurious on the skin
has such a great texture
this cream makes my skin look polished
this made it so smooth
brighter more even neutral skin color
it leaves my face like a baby's - dewy and soft.
you wake up to the most supple smooth skin
my skin looks great in the morning
i feel like my complexion is noticably better in the morning
you truly have smoother skin by morning!
my skin looks clearer
i wake up with an amazing glow!
i wake up to perfect glowing
my 30s skin looks brighter and smoother now.
my skin was glowing and soooo smooth.
my skin is transformed
i've always been complimented on my skin
has enhanced the look of my makeup
i like the texture of this
i can instantly feel how silky my skin is
wake up with supple
i hoped it would improve the texture of my skin
using this oil has miraculously improved my complexion
my skin just looked more radiant
my skin was radiant
just soft radiant skin
while that's good for keeping wrinkles
it definitely helps control the shine
now i have this amazing glow on my skin
my skin is brighter
such a gentle and pleasant experience using this.
i felt it evened out my skin texture
softer and more vibrant skin resulted.
holds make-up beautiful
gives your skin a nice complexion
the tone of my skin
my overall skin tone has improved.
my skin looks better than ever it is smooth
my makeup goes on smoother
not the only shrink your pores it also helps your skin look brighter more even
her skin is smooth
the consistency is a bit thick
my skin is smoother
my skin was immediately brighter
my skin appears smoother
tone that looks like healthy
it makes my skin dewy and brighter!
i love the lightweight texture this gives
perfects the look of skin
it gives a luminous sheen
leaves your skin flawless
make-up glides on
it has a bit of shimmer that looks really pretty
the texture is perfect, not too heavy.
i feel like it gives my face a healthy glow
i love the little shimmer it leaves.
makes my face so smooth.
my skin is more even and supple and bright.
it has not a matte finish
smooth with no greasiness at all
even with my olive/tan skin tone
the cream goes on smoothly
and feels clean with a silky finish.
this product gives a little light
pinkish glow that looks really healthy
wide for a moisturizer that actually makes my skin look better instantly
it gives my skin a natural glow
evens my skin tone
give your skin a beautiful finish
i tried the one with the tint
gives good glow to skin.
my skin is literally glowing
now it looks like a baby skin
the product is beautifully made.
especially under more matte foundations
this is so weightless on my face
it has a nice texture
it makes my face glow
adding the photoplasma gives my face a glow
it gives my skin a dewy glow that i can tone down with a matte powder as desired
the texture is wonderful
like some "radiant" products
glowing when i wear this
the product gives my skin a truly lovely glow
this makes your skin radiant and luminous.
it makes my skin feel supple!
leaves your face with a nice soft glow
not a bit of a greasy shine
which makes it feel super light
my skin is absolutely just glowing
i've received compliments from coworkers about what's changed in my skincare cause my skin looks radiant
it provides wonderful sun protection
i needed to add color
it gives a significant glowing illumination which is not too shiny
the finish is smooth
performs like a beauty cream
i feel my face is smoother
it is a mousse texture which makes it feel light going on
i feel my skin is much more velvety now
i instantly have a radiant glowing smooth skin that's improving by the week
it gives you that fresh supple look.
my skin looks flawless after using this which makes my makeup look a million times better
as it has a "whipped" texture
my skin has been left looking smoother
has the added bonus of making my skin look incredibly smooth
my skin feels silky smooth after applying
with this under it my skin feels smooth
supple all day long
my skin is glowing
my skin looks healthy
the texture is a very light
and has an spf 30 made my skin glow
this mositurizure leaves my face glowing
the great thing about this cream is the light texture
including the natural glow
my skin looks extremely glowy
it feels like a silky whipped cream.
i love the iridescent glow it gives however!
its very light and makes my skin feel amazing.
give your skin a radiant glow
my skin looks smoother and more even-toned.
gives me an instant glow.
left my skin so smooth
this serum makes my skin so smooth and radiant.
my skin looks easily 15 years younger
i enjoy how even my complexion is
just a touch left for a healthy glow
it's also balanced my skin beautifully.
make it significantly smoother
leaves my skin looking firmer
this immediately changed the texture of my skin
my complexion was dull before
my skin is rosy like i have new skin
it is far more even toned
my skin is smooth
definitely does make my complexion more illuminated
my skin looks healthier than ever
my skin glows and feels so much firmer
it's made such a big difference with the overall smoothness of my skin
i do notice my skin smoother
it has smoothed the texture of my skin
makes my skin look more radiant
i do notice my skin smoother.
my fine lines are smoother
over all skin appears more youthful
this makes me glow
evens my skin tone
my skin looks airbrushed
i feel the smoothing effects
with some added radiance
within 7 days my skin looked radiant
my skin looks better than before
also makes my skin feel silky
when my tan fades
regular use maintains my skins ideal peach
because it makes my skin feel silky smooth
made my skin visibly radiant !
more on pretty lipstick colors
my skin is more radiant
my skin is smoother
leaves my skin glowing.
my skin is so smooth
foundation just glides on now
my skin texture smoothed a lot
i can tell my skin texture is better
feels firmer than before
my makeup glided on
gives it such a youthful glow
it perfect for the dry skin!
simply put, i glow!
it just looks brighter, smoother, more perfected.
my skin looks so much smoother!
a nice improvement in the eveness of my skin tone
leaving my skin smooth
it started to make my skin looks even
this makes my fair skin brighter
evened out my complexion
made my skin glow
my skin looks great
soothing for under the eyes
my skin looks amazing.
my skin is glowing
my skin type is normal to dry， this makes my skin illuminate
narrow the pore，my skin feels smoothy
i even mix it in with my foundation for a more luminous look
it's really silky in texture.
skin felt more supple
evens out my skin tone
my skin looked more radiant
my skin looks flawless
my skin looks radiant and smoother.
gives the glow and is anti-aging!!!
my skin is soft, smooth and always has a glow!
immediately after using it my skin gleams
my face looks brighter
my skin looks younger!
my skin looks glowy
texture appeared more balanced
even textured skin after using this for only 4days
has restored brightness and allure to my face.
the gel side gives excellent lift.
this works, smooths wrinkles, look younger
it does a decent job of smoothing--maybe brightening
my skin looks radiant
skin is radiant the next morning.
also just makes it brighter
my color is even
my skin is plumper
the silky oil as it heats up on the skin is amazingly soothing
it leaves my tempermental skin perfect
makes my skin super glowy.
this made me glow
leaves skin soft and glowy.
you'll love the texture of your skin
my face is brighter, smoother, and clearer.
it made my skin really smooth
it looked so radiant
instantly made my skin brighter
it made my skin smooth
my skin does look
my skin is so smooth
it definitely smoothed it out
my skin felt remarkably smooth after one use
my skin looks younger
smooths any rough texture in just one use
for the next 7 days my skin looked so luminous
it immediately reveals smoother skin after just one use
for a nice smooth complexion
my skin looks so healthy, smooth, and glowing.
it helps with uneven texture and dullness.
my skin is noticeably smoother
your skin is glowing
the resurfacing mask: this mask is for instant glow leaving the skin feeling smooth
super soft, even toned, glowing.
it makes my skin feel softer, plumper, calmer.
the glow it gives
my skin looks glowing instantly!
omg my skin was gorgeously smooth i didn't feel any texture it's glowy
and leaves my skin so smooth and glowy!!
it also helps to even the tone
give you a little radiance
it looks absolutely flawless even
this mask works so well for an instant glow
my face looks pretty much flawless
will smooth out texture
in the morning my skin is noticeably glowing
this mask definitely delivers beautiful
my skin just glows after using this product!
it truly provides a glow
my skin had a refined
does make the skin look radiant
this mask makes my skin glow the next morning!
in the morning i have healthy glowing skin
my skin felt smooth
it left my skin smooth and petal soft.
instantly gave my skin a nice glow
this mask has a gel like consistency
my skin glowed and felt like baby skin.
it has completely changed the texture of my skin
it made my skin smooth
my skin looked brighter
glowed after i used it
it does add radiance
after using this it gave me a brighter complexion
the next day my skin looked brighter
my skin also feels much smoother, like porcelain.
it looked clearer and brighter.
it quickly brightened my skin
it has improved my oiliness of my skin a lot!
if you want a glowing complexion
my skin glows and is so soft after using this.
it makes me skin look so glowy
i've received so many compliments on how radiant i look
it instantly made my skin look better
it makes my skin look luminous
my skin looks flawless
is super smooth after i use it
my skin was glowing
my skin is always glowing after i use it
my skin is noticeably different.
my skin is honestly glowing
leaves a somewhat matte finish once it has absorbed
it's really light and absorbs very nicely.
it really makes your face brighten
my skin truly looks
actually makes your skin look smoother
make your skin glow
gorgeous soft skin that keep getting compliments.
my skin felt like exactly regenerate.
my skin texture/tone is nicer
my skin feels smooth
keeps my skin balanced
my face has such a healthy glow.
this product makes my face glow
my skin is vibrant
i've never had smooth skin
it leaves skin soft and supple and glow-y.
so wonderful seeing my face glow
less than perfect skin
this leaves your skin absolutely stunning
you only need a gentle scrub to achieve beautiful results
my skin is so velvety
overall skin looks amazing
my makeup look flawless
it feels like a mini facial
the tone of my skin
great treatment for a glow
i think my skin brightens a little after wash too
makes it glow beautifully
my skin actually looked a bit brighter after using it once
after one use, my skin was smooth and glowing.
it cleans my make up and makes my skin glow.
absorbs beautifully into the skin leaving a natural glow
i feel beautiful and relaxed all day.
gorgeous texture and great results.
my skin is glowy
my skin was plumped
the way this serum helps with my darks spot is amazing
it's more the consistency of a light cream
youthful rejuvenation as time went on
leaving my skin bright
my skin instantly looked brighter
i really like this serum for evening out the complexion
it makes the skin very smooth
the texture is smooth
it has transformed my skin!
i feel like my skin is smoother
instantly my skin looks refreshed
my skin looks more plump
on my skin it feels luxurious
it plumps my skin and makes it dewy.
the next morning my skin was smoother
the texture is great
i like the light texture
it felt wonderful, smooth skin , not oily.....
it feels cool and relaxing!
gives a cool sensation under your eyes
feels cool on the eye and relaxing!
my makeup goes on perfectly smooth
i didn't feel the brightening
adds a little glow/dewy look
the mega bright serum even has an illuminating sheen to it which gives the appearance of glowing skin
it does brighten your skin
make it even toned
has a nice rich consistency that absorbs quickly
the consistency of this is like gel
slightly smoother than before application
uneven skin tones were gone.
after just one use my skin was brighter
brightening up my skin
my skin is more vibrant
leaves my skin glowing
with an even color
my face looks brighter
my skin looks clearer
even after the first wash my skin looks clearer.
it does give your skin a really nice glow
does amazing work for my complexion
it does make my skin look more illuminated after use
my skin feels radiant after using this.
definitely feel that it has brightened my skin tone
makes me very matte
it definitely gradually makes your skin look
doesn't leave my skin shiny
perfect for oily skin!
my skin feels balanced
this oil is a good light weight oil that gives you glowing skin
left my very dry skin glowing.
i feel like it's left my skin glowing
it noticeably evened up skin color
she goes to sleep with the most amazing assortment of products that leaves her face high gloss shiny
adds radiance to the skin
it has a pleasant texture
is keeping my skin looking plump
mixed with foundation for a more glowy dewy look
i remember that it made my skin glow
i look forward to the plump
my face looked glowing
beautiful, smooth, radiant glowing skin.
looks gorgeous under makeup too!
it gives a glow and subtle moisture.
more color to my face
improved my skin tone
my skin appears brighter after use
it's effective and makes my skin so silky.
well my foundation looks flawless
makes my skin glow
it helps it go on smoother
my skin looks bright
this oil makes my skin look
the texture of my skin was amazing afterward
my skin is definitely more radiant now
it added a nice boost of moisture
my skin is noticeably brighter
my face had a wonderful glow all day
radiance is mine at last!
it feels lighter than most oils
makes my skin feel silky smooth
it diminished my fine lines leaving my face flawless with a natural glow
this product gives my skin an amazing glow.
i do feel like my skin has looked more radiant
silky without feeling greasy
my skin is supple
my skin feels like silk
feels like silk in about 5 minutes
the tone is more even
my skin looks flawless
my face literally glows
my skin has improved so much from this silky oil.
others have commented that my skin looks "luminous"
makes me skin look fresh
to smooth out makeup that has settled unflattering
takes such little product to achieve glowing
makes my face look smooth
gives me a wonderful glow
it's evened my skin tone
my skin looks brighter
it looks healthier overall
within 2 weeks my skin texture improved dramaticaly
my skin just looks better
the texture of the skin on my face used to vary quite a bit- chin
just makes you glow
my skin looks fantastic!
my skin is glowing
my skin looks more radiant
it has an amazing texture between an oil
it truly makes your skin glow by the time it's morning
my skin glows when i use this.
it has helped my oiliness significantly
my skin does feel smooth
i feel like it makes my skin look a little more brighter
improved my skin completely
it keeps my skin balanced
i feel like it really helps with radiance
not only is my skin brighter
my skin is perfect now
it looks like my skin is clear
my skin was smooth
my skin appears more evenly toned
this serum made a huge difference to the texture of my skin
made my skin plump
makes my skin smooth
makes my skin smooth and fresh!
i feel like i look a little more refreshed
uneven texture is going away
gives me a glow every time i apply it
the texture is so smooth, easy to absorb.
gave an overall dewy appearance
it evens out skin tone
i love how my skin glows
my skin looked more even textured
my skin tone evened out
it has dramatically improved the texture of my skin
my skin is brighter, smoother, and more radiant.
my complexion looks brighter
texture-makes my skin look generally better
my skin is less textured and so much smoother.
it looks more radiant too.
i love it, make my skin smooth inthe morning
smooth out the lines on the face for the most beautiful glow
skin feels like satin
my skin has more of a glow
it has evened my skin tone to the point that i can just use some tinted iridescent powder
my skin feels so smooth
it makes my skin super healthy n glowy.
makes it look smooth
i wake up looking bright and refreshed.
i find it evens out my skintone
my skin is smoother
this has helped my skin 110% feels mega plump afterwards
my makeup goes on smoother
this product is amazing i noticed over night how even toned my skin looked
skin tone has evened out dramatically
it smooths out my complexion
this is so smooth
give me a fresh glow
helps so much with the texture of my skin
my skin is glowing in the morning
my skin looks more radiant, even, and awake.
the texture of my skin
it's evened out my skin tone
i feel a complete change in texture.
i am fairly happy that it has evened out my skintone
my skin is much more brighter in the morning.
it has improved the overall texture of my skin
my skin's texture has greatly improved
my skin has a great glow to it
my skin looks brighter
more radiant the next day
leaves my skin looking fabulous the next morning
it completely evened out my skintone!
improves the look and texture of skin.
it has a very smooth
made it feel like velvet
it keeps my skin smooth
it makes my skin look so flawless
smooth as a baby's bottom
my skin looks smoother, more plumped up.
helps reduce fine lines and brightens up my skin.
just makes the skin smooth
makes my skin look beautiful
i know for sure it provides the skin with smooth silky texture with blurring effects
this makes my skin velvety soft
makes my face look dewy
it helps improve the look of my skin instantly
the texture is silky
makeup goes on smooth excellent product
feels like velvet on your skin
it makes my skin look smooth
it leaves your skin soft with a matte finish
leaving my skin with a velvety finish almost immediately
makes my skin feel silky smooth
my skin looks better overall.
i already got a compliment from my threading lady who is an esthetician that my skin looks good
makes skin fee silky and soft.
really smooths my complexion
your face feels like satin
my skin looks heathy and pores are smooth!!
knew that it was making my skin feel smoother
my skin looks flawless
it goes on to create a silky-smooth
it feels like silk on the skin
my dry skin even feels smoother
from the first use i swear my skin looked smoother
makes my skin feel amazing
my skin feels so smooth
pros- goes on smooth
i can now feel a nicer texture to my skin.
it glides on like silk and has a wonderful feel!
my skin looks younger
cheeks looks so much better again
my skin is plump
super smooth when i use this
it provides just the right amount of glow without looking overly shiny
my skin is noticeably clearer
my complexion is more balanced now too
i like the way my skin looks
it doesnt look dry, and has somewhat of a glow.
felt my skin had a little more glow to it
definitely see/feel a difference in the brightness
overall tone of my skin
it changed my overall skintone
my skin can look very dewy
if it looks too dewy an oil blotting sheet works perfectly
it's awesome for my complexion
it has nice texture
my skin looks amazing, it's smooth and clear.
my face in general looks brighter
my skin looks great
my skin is gorgeous, my winkles are gone.
i found my skin brighter
it does come close to the comfort this wonderful cream offers to a dry skin customer
the texture is much smoother
the radiant look my skin had
it helped a lot with keeping my skin smooth
i figured one that promised a radiant complexion
gives my skin a radiant glow
brighter skin after use
the consistency is runnier/thinner than i thought it would be
omg my skin looks flawless
both feel wonderful on -- 1st step instantly calmed my red/blotchy skin
makes your eyes brighter
my eyes look amazing.
i love that my eyes look brighter
my eyes look supple again and not crepey.
it's smooth and light when applied with care.
can notice the skin around my eyes looks so much nicer
it feels silky smooth when you apply it
uneven skin tone in that area
eyes immediately look brighter
this product helps keep my eyes smooth
it instantly brightens my under eye area.
it makes my skin brighter
plumper every time i use it
mattes my skin at the same time
this says its ideal for oily to combo skin
it makes your face glow with cleanliness.
my skin feels a lot smoother after use
my face looked so much brighter
smooth my skin felt
definitely gives me a glow
perfect for my skin type
i see that that her face looks fresher.
this makes your skin super supple
it makes my skin dewy without looking excessive.
leaves skin with such a lovely glow.
really like the lighter version
this has smoothed the texture of my skin so much
my face just looks so glowy
it makes my skin naturally plump and luminous.
this "light" version is perfect
gives skin a nice healthy glow
this oil makes my hair look so beautiful.
my face is smooth
the light is perfect for my oily skin
a little bit in my curly hair to make it less frizzy
i love how dewy my face is with it
dewy, gorgeous skin for the day.
it just makes my skin perfect!
smooth and supple and fluffy am in love!
occasionally mix this with my foundation for a dewy finish
it makes me glow
i've noticed my skin texture is way better as well
ur skin looks flawless
back to my normal flawless skin.
my face feels flawless!
it makes my skin look so dewy!
it makes my skin look
it leaves my combination skin plumped
my face was smooth
i add a couple of drops of this argan oil to my beauty blender which creates the smoothest appearance to my skin
great feeling perfect glow to the skin
gives my make up a stunning glow
my skin's texture is more even.
waking up with a nice glow
my skin looks great
it just makes your skin lovely
it makes my skin look
my makeup looks flawless on top of it
very light weight and makes my skin look amazing.
which makes your make up application much smoother
on top of leaving my skin supple
started to notice the uneven skin tone
makes your face glowy
it gives it a lovely luminous
buy another bottle because my complexion becomes noticeably duller without it
my skin looks subtle, soft and vibrant.
my skin tone was flawless
my skin feels smooth and supple.
my skin literally glows
my already stellar complexion curtesy of the concentrate is just magnificent
except that my forehead seems smoother
my skin looks better then ever
my skin does looks fresher
it absorbs well though it is very creamy.
subtle that i find it very pleasant
makes my skin dewy and fresh.
my skin is smooth
the texture took a little getting use to
plump my skin is
my skin looks radiant and firm.
wake up with beautiful glowing skin
perfect for combination skin.
that helps tone the skin
also, it's helped my skin look more glowy.
it feels better than a toner with a nice
t felt extra airy on the skin
when i am done my skin feels brighter
left my skin feeling silky smooth.
t's not a pleasant experience to sleep in
silkiest my skin has ever been
feels so luxurious and dewy.
plump your skin is
and my makeup looks flawless.
made my skin dewy
even left the clear parts of my skin with a nice luminous glow
it transformed my skin!
makes my skin look glowy
it really helped my skin become more smooth
i've always struggled with "cakey" makeup.
i've never looked more flawless in my life
also gives skin a healthy glow on days you want to go natural
my skin is perfect
leaves my skin so smooth like silk
goes on smooth and not greasy.
my skin has never felt smoother overall
great product, effortless, smooth
still gives amazing moisture to the skin
it delivers a very comfortable natural moisture level which i really appreciate
smoother after the first use
it makes my skin radiant and smooth.
it makes my makeup look so smooth!
my skin feels perfect throughout the day
it does a great job of smoothing my lines
it definitely brightens my under eye area
soothes my under eyes wonderfully
it has pinky color
my skin has begun the not so graceful aging process
nice "just right" texture
noticeably brighter, firmer skin around my eyes.
very lightweight and perfect texture.
plus the pinkish tint brightens
does a great job at brightening the eye area
i am in love with this eye cream it brightens instantly
makes it look natural
as far as brightening goes
it is a bit brightening when applied
it also blurs imperfections
it gives me a little glow
while it does have some shimmer to it
i noticed a beautiful glow to my skin that looked healthy
it gives my skin a healthy glow
the consistency is very light
it is so lightweight and smooth.
it made my skin lighter, brighter, smoother.
it's awesome that it protects my skin from the sun
makes my face feel softer and smoother.
it is really light to the touch
the consistency is very runny
makes my skin look nice
wonderful touch on my skin
look like i have younger skin
my skin is looking better
my skin feel softer and smoother.
my face is definitely smooth
my skin is a lot smoother
it goes on smooth
my skin is so much softer and glowing.
my skin has been looking pretty dreamy
it gives my skin a plump, light feel.
make my skin look healthy.
refines the texture of the skin
gives me a slightly dewy look
it sinks in quick and has a lovely texture.
like other reviews it seems to give a nice subtle glow to your skin
makes me skin look even
this product has a wonderful sheen
my skin looks so radiant
has made my complexion radiant
it has also made my skin a lot smoother
the consistency is somewhat liquidy
it makes my skin light and smooth.
the subtle "glow" is great at times
also gives it a nice glow
really refined my skin to a more smooth
it has smoothed out the texture of my skin
leaves my skin dewy
i see the results of my makeup gliding much smoother with it
it keeps my skin glowing in the winter weather
it also helps to even out and brighten skin tone.
my skin looks dewy and glowing and i love it.
i notice even skin tone
gives my face a healthy glow
my skin looks so healthy
my complexion looks great when i keep up with it!
just a nice healthy complexion
leaves skin soft and dewy.
gives me a nice glow
it definitely evens out my skin tone
i do see some evenness of my pores
my skin do look healthier
leaves my skin feeling supple
textured they are smooth
the texture is so amazing.
its so silky and lightweight.
my skin looks smooth and younger.
no breakouts and makes my skin look smooth.
her face is glowing
also, it leaves my face so smooth and bright.
my skin is smooth.
my skin is glowing
you still get a glow
my skin looks great
it helps keep my skin balanced
continues to clear my skin
my skin looked brighter
my skin overall had a smoother healthier look
my skin is smooth
my skin looked awesome
my face has a glow about it
now my skin is starting to feel smooth
my skin looks amazing.
the texture of my skin is noticeably smoother
one of the nice things is that the pad exfoliates
they make my skin smooth
tone and texture have improved.
my skin is brighter and the texture has improved.
my skin looks amazing after
and you get that awesome smooth dewy feeling.
perfect for oily skin.
you can find silky skin :
gentle---the perfect mask to put on
even smooths my complexion
seems to restore my skins balance
my skin is an amazing springy texture
my skin feels supple
my skin has been looking more radiant
the rest of my face is dry, uneven complexion.
it makes my skin so supple
in two days my skin has better texture
with the occasional texture issue
my face feels to smooth
and it leaves my skin so wildly clean and supple.
your face is smooth
my skin glows now.
it looks all glow-y
skin feels like newly created perfect flesh after use
it leaves the skin soft and smooth.
makes my skin feel amazing
it brightens my face a lot
reduces my blemishes while leaving my skin looking healthy
eve lom is very gentle
my skin went from glowy
this brought back my old radiance.
my skin looks brighter and clear.
made my skin look more youthful within a month
the texture is so soft
my skin looks much better
it has a rosy blush
it looks polished and positively pearly.
my cheekbones look highlighted
my face looks contoured
my complexion is suddenly amazing!
my face is glowing like a pearl!
it creates a much better palette for makeup application in the morning
the texture is incredibly silky
it left my skin smooth
i absolutley love the smooth oil based texture
however the eve lom evens out the texture of my skin
the texture is wonderful in summer or winter
makes me skin look more radiant and feel awesome.
it leaves your skin with a beautiful velvet-like texture
it makes my face smooth
it definately brightens the eyes up
my skin looks expensive
skin is more luminous
there was a lovely natural glow to my complexion that i have not seen in a while
it leaves my skin super smooth
my skin looked amazing
my skin looked less blotchy
i feel my skin got much brighter
smoother after using it
brightening or evening my skin tone
this is my go-to for a combination of brightening
it tingles at first, but in a refreshing way.
made my skin smooth
prepares it nicely for skin care
it melts into a nice oil like texture an goes on your skin smoothly
my skin looks like it glows
enjoy your super soft, supple glowing skin!!
it looked so much smoother.
leaves my skin soft and smooth!
the skin looks so healthy
my skin looks younger
love this morning cleanserleaves your skin radiant
the cleaner is perfect for my skin
my skin looks fantastic
it seems to be calming
afterwards your skin will fabulously glow
gives your face a cool sensation
her first compliment was "your skin looks amazing
i', convinced my skin glowing because of it.
leaves my skin smooth
the texture is exactly right
this cream is great for the summer because it has a very light texture
my skin looks, and feels amazing.
my skin has become much smoother
softer as well as evened out in terms of skin tone
noticeable results in texture and look.
in the morning my skin is brighter
seemed to have a new radiance
it not only smoothed out my complexion
your skin will look flawless
its tighter/firmer and looks very healthy.
uneven tone in my skin as a whole
my skin looks clearer
once that cleared my skin is dewy
it has more of a creamy consistency which blends into the skin not just sitting on the surface
a new brightness to my complexion
overall appearance of my skin
every day my skin looks better
my skin texture has greatly improved
i just look fresher
it appears brighter and more plump every day.
seems to plump everything up
my skin looks so good from using the eye cream
my eyes look healthy
improves the texture of my entire eye area over time
my skin is much much smoother
also, the texture improved.
the skin under my eyes is brighter
it is amazing for lines and tones of your skin.
makes my skin look great
it actually makes my concealer glide on a bit easier
gives a little glow under the eyes
this eye cream instantly brightens up the entire eye area
finishes with a dewy finish
my eyes do look brighter
not in a sparkly way
gives a really dewy finish
offers an spf of 37 for my delicate eye area
my eye makeup looks fabulous ontop of this product
wonderfully eye cream for the daytime!
the white color really illuminates the area around my eyes
my eyes look bright
really liked the consistency of this eye cream.
the positive aspects: it definitely helped lighten my sun spots
i love how it helps even my skin tone
my skin feels so smooth
my skin looks wonderful
my skin is glowing
my skin is luminous
my skin indeed looked flawless after using it.
my overall skin tone has improved.
my skin is happier
he doesn't notice my hair color
it lightened as well as any other corrector
at first it does give a good glow to the skin
my skin looks much younger
gives me a beautiful glow instantly
a very very light tint
this treatment gives you a nice healthy glow- i have very fair skin that is combo
softness in addition to dark spot corrector
it has some sparkle but it blends nicely.
hope it continues improving my skin tone
it comes out a pale glittery pink color
like i said i have darker skin and use the #1.
my skin looks amazing.
i find #1 makes my skin look peachy
and even better, my skin is glowing.
gave it a bit of a reddish undertone
does change the overall glow/complexion of your skin when applied
it does have a pinkish red tint to it though.
i notice a more even skin tone
it totally made it lighter
lit-from-with-in my skin looks
feels nice on skin.
my overall skin looks better and evened out.
my skin just feels healthier
skin tone is unified
makes my skin look rejuvenated.
it also really helps the texture of my skin
leaves my skin glowing and plumps up fine lines.
your skin is absolutely luminous
my skin looks radiant in the morning.
it makes my skin look so beautiful
my face looks radiant in the morning
it's amazing and made my face glow.
along with hydrating my skin it has made my skin look brighter
i always wake up with dewy
clear my skin looks
i've also noticed since using my kit that my skin has a nicer texture
makes my skin smooth
the cream also brightens the face in just a few uses
skin feels and looks healthy.
it seems like a thick cream
the cream was working nicely
this truly does make your skin feel luxurious
my skin feels and looks amazing.
love it,very smooth and not greasy.
smooth, goes on easily.
your skin won't feel super silky
my skin tone is significantly improved.
discovered dewy soft skin
even gives my skin a toned feeling
it gives me a glowing complexion
which is an extremely smooth complexion
it makes my skin divine
my skin is now super smooth and fab.
it makes skin glow without making it greasy or oily
it makes my skin so smooth
my skin feels brand new :)
my skin looks healthier
makes my skin glow
my skin is brighter
it manages to be gentle
my skin looks dewy and fresh.
tones in one step
i love this facewash it's great for cleansing while keeping skin looking youthful
my skin looks even better now
skin turns smooth as silk.
it allows the skin to feel smooth
leaves my skin glowing!
your face radiates and feels years younger.
my skin looks even
i noticed my skin being smoother
my skin felt supple and looked more smooth.
my skin looks amazing
your skin will glow!
gives me back my glow.
was left with amazingly smooth
clear complexion even skin tone redness is gone
it has a clear glow .
makes it feel brighter
i wake up with bouncy, radiant, smooth skin.
smooth my skin well
my skin has never looked so radiant!
my skin is noticeably smoother--pores are reduced
my skin looks amazing!!!
it really does make your skin glow.
my skin has never been so smooth/flawless in my life
my skin is brighter
wake up with beautiful skin
this product keeps my skin smooth
also makes my skin glassy-smooth
after using it daily my skin looks very dewy
your skin is glowing, clear, and soft for days.
my skin is definitely smoother
it's kind silky/smooth
it makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin looks wonderful
i feel refreshed and my face looks brighter.
it makes my skin look brighter
nicer without a greasy after look
my skin always looks radiant
it makes my makeup dewy
my pores are noticeably smaller plus my skin is very smooth
this mask is excellent for calming
perfect to calm skin after sun exposure.
it wears wonderfully on the skin
refreshing on your skin
it helps calm my skin down.
it was baby soft and even had a nice glow.
makes my skin feel amazing
made my skin glow
result: the brush was spotless!!
it leaves my skin flawless
perfect for my skin type
leaves my skin smooth
my skin feels perfect.
my skin looks brighter
evened out my skin tone
helping the skin look supple
and it has evened out my skin tone slightly.
the way in makes my skin glow
i could never find a good combination of products to achieve the perfect dewy/moisturised skin without it looking overdone or greasy
now my skin looks perfectly dewy!
skin seems more glowy
it has a wonderfully pleasant
because it is thinner
gives me a great dewy glow
makes my skin feel like silk
this oil keeps my skin glowing
looks luminous after applying
gives face a real natural look.
this product improved the radiance of my skin in less than 2 weeks
made my skin look much healthier.
my skin is flawless
my skin looks healthier
perfect for aging skin.
"your skin looks so much clearer
smooth my skin was
just leaves an amazing dewy glow
it gives your skin a healthy glow
gave it a refined texture
make my skin glow
my skin is glowing
my skin is smooth
it truly does give radiant essence to the skin
makes it feel so smooth
your skin feels very smooth
it makes my skin look amazing
it is glowing and younger looking.
skin feels wonderful and smooth, not oily.
leaves my skin feeling silky smooth
evens skin tone with its tint
ideal for dry skin!
is perfect for soothing skin overnight
my skin looks plumper too!
the texture seems like very oily
it works so nicely under makeup my foundation just glides over top
my skin feels so bouncy
it evened my skin tone
it helps plump my skin
glowing skin when i use this day
leaves an amazing finish and texture.
it honestly feels as though it has improved the texture of my skin with use
the packaging looks nice
my skin doesn't look
the texture is thicker than the gel version
it makes my foundation lay perfectly
it makes my skin look airbrushed!
my skin looked amazing
it wears amazingly as a foundation
skin is dewey and plump.
s were visibly smoother
make up also glides on beautifully over it.
my skin is brighter & looks more plump.
makes me look younger
makes your skin plump
makeup looks flawless on my skin
this cream is amazing it gives your skin an amazing glow to it it leaves it so soft
my foundation also glides on really well
virtually blemish free and...dewy.
when smoothed over my face it turns quite emollient
the texture is fairly thick
this is a little lighter
silkier cream that i love for every season
which gives an appearance of younger looking skin
smooth it over my cherks
it makes my skin visibly plumper
i reallyyyyy liked the way it plumped up my skin.
my skin sometimes looks dull
this has added a nice glow
more youthful appearance to my skin
it's definitely improved the texture of my skin
i think may coop edges out over this product for how it makes my skin more radiant
maybe the day tint
my skin looks gorgeous and healthy.
jart's ceramidin line has transformed my skin
complexion looks sooooo amazing
it seems to have smoothed out some texture
gave me a smooth surface to work with
it gives me a nice glow when i use it.
my skin looks plump
my skin is smoother
def has an inner glow look to it
it's definitely a solid serum to add some very lightweight moisture
makes my skin look dewy
it leaves my skin dewy
it creates a beautiful canvas
my skin was definitely smoother
it immediately makes dull skin look refreshed.
this duo has transformed my dry winter skin into soft
it creates the most beautiful canvas for makeup application
it gives a nice glow
my skin has this dewy glow
my skin is stunning
this makes my skin feel silky
this keep my skin dewy all winter
my face is actually touch-ably smooth
it makes my skin smooth
my skin is glowing!
the skin on my cheeks is smooth again
have noticed my skin has become more supple
boring skin with ruddy pigmentation
has a beautiful overall texture after using this for a month
my skin glows all day.
definitely feels light weight
my skin looks amazing
it makes my skin glow.
my skin was flawless
it has just made my skin look more youthful
it left my face with the most beautiful glow
looks absolutely flawless under my foundation
i'd like to keep a youthful appearance lol
it leaves my face instantly soft and radiant.
this seemed to even out the color
smoothed the texture of my skin
s that i have a flawless complexion
leaves skin feeling silky smooth
it does have a "squeaky" sensation
feels very luxurious on the skin
it keeps my skin in perfect balance
my skin is brighter
brightened by skin tone
my skin is smooth
my skin is brighter and clearer than ever.
my skin got more smooth
it also really improved my skin tone
my skin feels amazingly smooth and silky.
giving me a fresh glow
just like i have a healthy glow
my skin is brighter
evened out my skin tones
my skin looked amazing
it has an incredible milky texture
it also feels very silky and luxurious.
it lathers quite nicely
it will create a very smooth creamy lather
leaves it extra smooth
makes my skin smooth and soft!
my makeup looks so much nicer
it is a really thick texture
evenness in my skin
my skin looks just excellent
it gives my complexion balance.
my skin is smooth and glows as never.
which is much thinner
my skin brightens and i'm not longer red.
this helped even out my skin tone
it seems a bit more radiant
dewy than it was before
made my skin look amazing
which doesn't come off shimmery or shiny
seems to just kind of blur imperfections so my skin has a nice even glow
shiseido does a better job of smoothing
it seems too watery in its consistency.
my skin has been amazingly smooth
it creates a healthy glow underneath my makeup
the surface of my face is more even in texture
my skin is literally glowing and plump.
the texture feels slightly sticky on the skin
my skin also looks so much healthier and radiant.
keeps my skin balanced
there's a clear difference in the texture
not drying-faint lovely rosey smell that goes away soon after its on-has evened out my skin tone
my skin looks so much nicer
i wake up with glowing skin
my skin looks more radiant
it's rich, but absorbs into a smooth finish.
this version clearly improves the smoothness of my skin
my face is smoother
this has made my skin feel and look smoother.
my skin is glowing
it always look brighter
in the morning my skin looks refreshed, smooth
my skin had its glow back
my face has a nicer glow to it
my skins texture is starting to improve
makes my skin look very smooth
my skin is looking much more smoother
my face is smoother
my skin is smooth
definitely did not help too much to smooth out a complexion or reduce blemishes
my make up went of smoother
it leaves your skin feeling so beautifully smooth
my skin looks flawless throughout the whole day
my skin was smooth
my skin has never looked so radiant!
makes you have a smooth complexion
my skin seemed a lot smoother after application
makes my skin look more even and healthy.
had a mini makeover to make my skin appear nicer after i had my hair cut
makes my skin absolutely glow.
i saw skin that was sculpted nicely
skin that had a healthy texture with a slight dewiness
skin feels soft and supple
do not age makes the skin glow.
my face is super smooth
my skin looks amazing
my overall skin tone is more even
my combination skin does look slightly better
i notice a renewed plumpness and smoothness.
my makeup just glides on.
my skin feels smoother and plumper.
soothing on the eyes
the added bonus is the texture
it is very smooth
my skin around my eyes look refreshed
brighten up the most delicate
to me, this is the perfect eye cream.
my undereye area is smooth
i noticed my skin looked more refreshed
not to mention it leaves my skin shimmering with a beautiful glow
this cream does a lot to brighten
i feel the skin around my eyes looks refreshed
overall brightness around eye area
i do feel my eye area is brighter
there is a brightness to my eye
this eye cream makes my eyes look smooth
i didn't feel any tingles
makes eyes look rested and youthful!
foundation go on like silk
skin was plumper, undereye was less puffy.
my skin looks 15 years younger
it has made my skin look gorgeous
my skin has transformed
overall my skin is just more glowy
if you are in need of better texture tone
it makes my skin glow
this product gives skin a smooth
this serum smoothes the surface of the skin instantly to give it a silky soft finish
when i washed it off my skin looked brighter
my skin looked very silky
made my skin radiant
my skin is much better toned
every morning it glows!!
my face looked like i'd infused it with water
the texture is very light
have def noticed my skin having more of a nice glow
leaves your skin so smooth
t's a little lighter on skin
it creates a beautiful dewy foundation look
four people complimented my skin
my skin looks great
doesn't leave skin shiny
my skin is luminous when i use this
have fair skin with a lovely
moisturizers enhance that rosy glow
wake up with glowing fresh skin
smoother and even all over.
it has a great texture
it makes my skin luminous
it helps glides my device smoothly over my face.
my skin looks so healthy
this makes me look so refreshed
perfect for my attitude skin
perfect on my combo-oily skin
i now have radiant skin as well
my skin was so glowy
comfortable as it begins to get drier
i noticed that it's smoother
my skin has maintained its glow
it has such a natural glow now
my skin looks glowing
my skin is noticeably smoother
it's a rich eye cream that goes on smoothly.
it also brightens and lifts!
it made my skin brighter
the texture of this cream is very silky so a little goes a long way
leaves your skin visibly brighter
it gives my skin a nice
the gel texture feels very nice
my skin texture is already better!
leaves my skin looking glowy
my skin's texture has improved as well
has a nice glow to it
it's a really nice gel texture
my skin feels so smooth
my skin glows after using it.
smoother i love it
i notice visibly smoother skin
my skin glows in the morning
this combo has really helped my skin plump up
looks so smooth now
your skin automatically looks healthier
it leaves skin smoother
this is like a super thick face cream
this week my skin was looking really blotchy
as for the texture
my face is just glowing
i am torn because it makes my skin look gorgeous
leave the skin smooth
my skin is softer, and brighter.
the consistency transforms from a cream to a silky
my fingertips can pick up on a rougher texture
leaves your face glowing
my skin looks completely smooth in the morning
my skin looks so smooth and soft.
lets me wake up with a bit of a glow.
leaves your skin super glowy
i definitely see the glowing
my skin feels drier
skin is much more luminous
my skin looks so bright
it almost plumps up your skin and makes you glow.
my makeup goes on smoother
will make your skin feel fabulous
my skin texture seemed to truly change
the creme seems like it just sits on my skin
this product is smooth like butter.
this is heavenly for dry skin especially under makeup
after using it my face feels super smooth
my face is glowing
it gives my skin a nice glow as the day progresses
this stuff makes my skin look like silk
leaves it silky smooth
the consistency is on the thicker side
supple the next day
really nice cream- brightens my skin
my 70-year old skin is smoother
leaves skin glowing, brighter, and moisturized.
my skin was glowing
whenever i use this product my skin instantly feels smooth
this has an amazing balm-like texture that smooths the skin
so light weight but cushiony!!
no kidding, the texture is smooth,creamy,subtle.
this product feels a little richer
your skin will feel smooth
my under eye area immediately looks brighter.
it brightens my under eye darkness instantly
my eyes look brighter
it did help the texture a little
this did make my eyes look a bit brighter.
it made my eyes so bright
has a good sun screen in it
better texture to my skin
because it has a lighter texture
it gives the eyes a subtle glow that is more natural looking compared to ginzing
my eyes look brighter
has that same slight shimmer to it which gives an immediate brightening effect
i love this eye cream it really helps lighten dark circles
make your eyes look younger
i feel this product does a good job brightening up the dark/purplish shadow
does not leave behind any shimmer or sparkle
evens out my skin tone
my skin feels smooth
my complexion looks brighter after using this product
makes skin feel amazing.
my skin looks brighter and feels firmer.
i've noticed my skin looks clearer
my skin looks smoother...healthier.
this stuff makes my skin glow.
glow of youth kind of way
my skin's texture has significantly improved in smoothness
this product actually makes my skin appear more smoother
after using his skin brightening solution my make up goes on much better
gives enough moisture to my skin thruout the day
it makes my skin smoother than ever
was amazed by how smooth one dab of the product made my skin
makes my skin glow
my makeup looks so smooth in the morning
it goes on smooth
although it looks like a cream
i wake up to brighter skin
the texture is very light
i feel that it evens my skin tone slightly
my skin is just glowing
very rich, nice and dewy.
this product does a great job mattifying without dulling
my skin looks luminous but not greasy.
my skin feels brighter
it gives my skin clarity
mattifies without making my skin look dull
after waking up i noticed this luminosity
radiance from my skin
see how your skin looks
my overall skin tone is visibly radiant
my skin looks flawless now.
my undereyes look flawless all day
i feel like my skin looks refreshed
really into the bouncy texture of it
with a lightweight texture should give it a go
my skin is radiant
the texture was weird at first
my skin looked porcelain
give me a natural glow as well
this little guy evens out my skin tone
the stuff makes my skin glow when i wake up!
everybody's skin is different
my skin looks fabulous
this has made my skin look younger and plumper.
makes my skin very smooth.
the texture is whipped
noticed my skin looked brighter
i started to see the texture of skin improve
who loves it on her "creases
my face is brighter
you must try this we'll keep secret to glowingly radiant skin
my skin is smooth
healthier looking skin in the ten-ish
makes my face more brighter
?has it transformed my skin into perfection?
i noticed an instant glow
my skin looks wonderful
the consistency is light
my complexion is smoother
my skin is smoother
each week, my skin looks better and less aging.
i feel like it really imparts a radiance to my skin
my flakiness is gone, my skin is glowing.
and just gives me a wonderful "glow".
wake up with smoother skin
the texture is a little strange
makes my skin feel smooth
this is a richer cream
i think the eye cream adds the appearance of luster to the eye area
the texture does feel odd at first
my skin is brighter
evens the skin tone
this cream is a great texture
told me that my makeup made me look like i had a dewy glow
my skin feels like silk.
tighter more youthful looking skin
after three days my skin is brighter fresher more even
makes your skin feel so smooth
my skin is softer and looks better.
i love the fine & light texture.
best of all my chest is smooth
the eye cream is wonderful too
its plumping is nice for any dull skin or small fine lines
my skin looks brighter
must say that every am my skin glows
it is silky and smooth.
smoother my skin was
jar and my skin looks amazing.
my skin looks firmer
what i really appreciate is the youthful glow that's once again apparent in my complexion
it has a great gel like texture that absorbs really quick
it makes my skin noticeably smooth
my skin looked amazing
my facejust feels super smooth all around.
my complexion looks lovely
my skin was totally transformed
makes my skin look radiant
this mask is surprisingly refreshing
my skin looks/feels so smooth
my complexion definitely looks better
it leaves my skin so nice and smooth after.
my skin looks healthier
this made my skin feel a lot smoother after using
not only is my complexion even
my combination skin with uneven texture feel smooth
leaves my face nice and matte!
my skin is instantly smoother.
gave it a healthy glow
an excellent clay mask!
i feel so smooth
my face has "that glow"
it gives me clearer skin the next day
it keeps your skin looking fresh
the consistency is thick
it left my face super smooth
my skin looked matte
my skin looks better
my face was smoother
my skintone was so even
the scent also makes my skin feel super refreshed
i like that the red clay leaves a matte finish
my skin looks amazing
keeps my skin calm and under control.
it feels so smooth
gives the appearance of sparkles
my skin looked clear
makes my skin feel smooth
how smooth my skin feels after
balanced my skin beautifully
i used the fab facial radiance pads
definitely helped with radiance and softness.
had a nice smooth consistency
the facial radiance pads
my skin looks clearer
it does leave a nice smooth finish
radiant it makes my skin look
and the color is so cool.
this really leaves my skin perfect
it has a great thick texture that foams up really nicely
cleans very well and my skin feels smooth
i swear my skin is glowing
it brightens and helps keep my skin glowing.
my skin is brighter
my skin looks brighter and more supple.
my skin color is starting to blend in again
this has turned my acne prone skin silky smooth
my face looks brighter
my skin is bright
is visually plumper is the morning after using this product
next morning my skin looked so bright
this bottle of sunshine brightens
need to brighten my complexion as well
my face is so bright
my skin looks brighter
this product definitely helped brighten my skin
give you a luminous lasting glow
help even out your skin tone
my skin looked great
a glow in my skin
feels good and seems to brighten my skin.
this product not only brightness
it also evens skin tone
it does certainly brighten the skin
my skin in the morning is smooth
you will see some immediately brighter skin
brighter skin after the first use
my skin looks amazing
makes my skin brighter
it brightened my skin
gave me a wonderful glow
while providing a great glow
in the morning my skin really is smoother
my skin is supple
not only does this brighten
my skin was not only so vibrant
my skin is so smooth
supple in the morning
i saw results of my skin looking beautifully bright within one week
it works beautifully as a mask
my skin does look brighter in the morning
my skin is definitely brighter
it really brightened up my skin tone
leaving my skin totally radiant
my skin has an radiant look
bright, smooth, firm skin the next morning.
can definitely see a difference in the lucidity of my complexion
the ptr camu camu made my skin look amazing
it has noticeably improved the texture
my skin is glowing
my skin looks dull
my skin feels rejuvenated
my skin is smoother
just all around brightens
love the consistency as it's on the thicker side
my eyes look brighter and more firm too.
very happy with this eye cream.
the texture is good.
it has a really nice texture
my lips are so smooth
are finally light enough i can wear lighter shades of colors
not greasy and does help with puffy eyes.
helps smooth fine wrinkles
it gives such a beautiful glow to the eye area.
overall an amazing eye cream-
it seems like my smile-wrinkles don't look as harsh
actually brightens my eyes!
skin tone is bright
scaly looking under high magnification
generally make my eyes a little perkier
my instantly look less puffy and more smooth!
its perfect to use in the morning with a very very light cooling sensation
amazing product for puffy eyes.
my eyes are moisturized, lighter, and plumper.
my undereye looks more plump
my eyes are brighter
it also makes my eye seem brighter.
the texture is fantastic!
it still feels smooth
it is a nice thick cream
the skin below my eyes looks fantastic
foundation creases into my smile lines
this is a very nice eye cream.
i ended up purchasing this because it really helps smooth out the texture under my eyes
more about instantly brightening when it comes to my eye creams
it feels like a luxurious
the cream itself is very smooth and cooling.
enjoy the beauty of healthy looking skin
this makes my skin glow
leaves me looking glowy
while my skin does look smoother
healthier my eyelashes look
my makeup looks flawless!!
it makes your skin glow
it gives my dry skin a glow!
makes my skin absolutely glow
the scaly-ness of my eyes became plump
leaves me quite shiny
my skin is so supple and smooth.
there is a subtle glow after it is applied.
my skin feels healthier!
i feel like my skin looks brighter
i think the added moisture just makes my skin look revitalized
my skin looks looks
it does make your skin brighter
so far my skin is a lot smoother
also leaves a beautiful glow behind
gives me a luminous look under makeup.
my skin is clearer
it goes on smooth
calm with a slight sheen
after one use my skin looked more dewy
this left my skin so silky
it gives my skin a beautiful glow.
this makes my skin so smooth!!
my skin actually looked dewy the first time i used it
i've had some great results from all the glam glow products so far
this glam glow mask is truly amazing.
it also slightly changed the texture of my skin
my skin looks healthier
it makes my skim look completely flawless
every time i use this gem my skin feels so smooth
the results are smooth and supple skin.
i feel like it made my skin more flawless
my face is so smooth
with textured patches on my cheeks
leaves my skin bright
makes your skin look plump
makes it feel smooth
my skin is back to being vibrant and healthy.
i can smile again with flexibility
supple after one use
it helps smooth out my skin
keep my natural glow
it's done wonders to my complexion
there's a light tingling feeling
my skin is plump
this product makes my skin so smooth
it gives my skin such a beautiful glow
makes it feel noticeably softer
this mask made my skin look super healthy
it smells amazing and softens my skin so much!
leaves your skin glowing
leaves my skin noticeably brighter
my skin looked smoother
i've always been skeptical about glam glow
my skin looks radiant
it creates a stunning glow when used as a foundation base
makes my skin look
i receive compliments all the time on the texture of my skin
the way it glows
it's so thick in consistency or i use the fresh nutritious skin boost
it helps smooth out wrinkles
fullness from using it on my eyes as well
it has truly transformed my skin
it makes my skin so smooth
i feel my face looks radiant.
plumping effect with a glow that just gave my skin a much needed lift
makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin looks luminous, jyouthful, and healthy.
this cream has really made my skin look smoother
makes my makeup look brighter
it totally transformed my skin
my skin looks bright
everyday my skin looks firmer
glowing my skin looked
it makes my skin look even smoother
overall my skin looks better
my skin appears more youthful
it does give me a dewy glow
leaves my skin looking glowy
my skin is bright
my skin looks even
my skin looks even
my face has never looked smoother or more luminous
my skin is impossibly soft and smooth.
it is incredible at smoothing
i definitely see my skin is more smooth
i see the difference in the smoothness
it is rich but silky and smooth over the face.
my skin looks great
the skin is smooth, wrinkle free and luminous.
it even made my eyes look brighter.
brightens the eye area a bit.
when i first felt the texture
improved the texture of my skin
it also gives you a natural glow finish.
it feels very soothing
the sensation over the skin is perfect
perfect for a quick clean before refreshing my makeup
feels so smooth on my skin
leaves my skin as smooth as silk
my pores look smaller and skin looks better.
even my mom commented that my skin just seemed overall brighter
the texture is really nice
my face feels smoother
leaves my skin a little bit glowy
this one is so effortless
leaves my skin smooth
saw my skin brighten
makes my vision a little blurry
it glides on so smooth
it almost like "blurs" my skin out
makes it look so smooth
like a matte, smooth, light face spackle.
helps the makeup look fresher for longer
makes the skin under my eyes looks so smooth
makes the foundation glide on very smoothly
it glides on smoothly and lasted all day!
it honestly makes my skin look flawless
leaves skin bright, clear and even.
does seem to blur the imperfections
it makes my skin purple.
very light primer and blurs imperfections great.
it smoothes out the appearance of the wrinkles
it delivers a very smooth appearance
yet my skin looks so smooth
the skin is smooth and poreless!
my skin looked flawless & radiant!!
over all it give me a perfectly smooth complexion
this primer is smooth
it instantly blurs the look of imperfections
my skin looks like porcelain
my skin looks beautiful
it was smooth to the touch
gives a little airbrushed effect
this really does blur imperfections.
i think it blends in my imperfections quite well
the transformation to bright green as it does its magic… notice that my skin glows
i loved how smooth it made my skin
really smoothed me out
keeps my skin looking flawless
this makes my skin smooth and flawless!
it evens out my skin tone
gives my skin a smooth finish
makes my skin smooth
it creates a perfect flawless base for foundation
noticed smoother skin with out it
i think it does blur imperfections
while still imparting a natural look
light weight perfect for summer.
adds a slight illumination to my face
my skin tone has improved
feels super lightweight and smooth.
it leaves your skin radiant
yet it keeps your skin glowy
this i love for the lightness
so soft and even-textured.
my skin is glowing
let me tell you my skin glows
my skin is glowing the next day
gives me a slight glowy appearance
my skin feels silky smooth all day
gives a slight dewy look to the skin
it does make the texture of my skin feel
evens my skin tone a bit too
my oiliness is balanced out
my skin looks great!
my skin is so smooth
i feel my skin looks lightened
bring in a nice glow
it's truly refreshing and my skin is radiant.
that softens a bit more
super smooth on the skin and lightweight.
gives a nice radiance under my foundation
it gives my combination skin the moisture that it craves
i feel it makes my skin brighter
perfectly prepped for the day
i love how bright and smooth my skin looks.
you have silky smooth
my skin tone just looking overall dull
it detoxes, brightens, softens texture, and more.
my skin is left flawless
my skin was textured
it definitely feels smooth
just makes me glow
and my skin is so smooth.
i do think that this mask helps give your skin a healthy looking glow
it does visibly improve the complexion.
my skin is perfection
it makes my skin so smooth
my face is smoother
way up there with the glam glow truly works
a bit of a rough skin texture
my skin is much smoother
it gives my skin a beautiful luminous glow immediately after use
works great at brightening
makes your skin feel fresh and relaxed
my skin looks more luminous
the texture is consistent
already getting compliments on my skin looking smoother
my complexion is clear
it was definitely brighter
this mask makes your skin glow after use.
it turns a darker shade of green.
cloro plasma is more effective than glam glow supermud
after one use my skin look smoother
it seems to give my skin a radiance and glow.
my skin is super smooth
my skin afterwards looked amazing
it looked more radiant
my skin looked smoother
glam glow supermud did nothing for me
everyone's skin is different
my skin looks nearly perfect
my dry skin is smoother
my skin felt so much smoother
makes it so smooth
textured more frequently than not
makes my skin look radiant
this mask delivers very smooth skin
my skin is smoother
my skin felt smoother
pop resulting in a darker green color
my skin looked "rejuvenated/refreshed".
my skin glows after each use
my rougher texture chin skin is much smoother
my makeup looked fantastic
amazing evenly complexion after one use!
made my skin softer plus helped skin texture
my face looked brighter and felt smoother.
my skin is smoother
it leaves your skin smooth
my skin was firm, radiant and smmmmmmmmoooooth...
it left my skin brighter
love how the mask turns color
my face instantly looked brighter
the radiance was absolutely amazing
baby soft skin and radiant??
leaves the skin with a glow
my skins looks smoother and cleaner.
the glam glow didn't work for me
i actually like this 1000x better than the glam glow masks
color of my skin were visibly smoother after one use
my skin is glowing, smoother and clearer looking.
make my skin glow
i went into sephora to get another glam glow
the radiance i have is incredible
mpressed by how smooth this mask leaves my skin
refine the texture of my skin
my complexion appears overall brighter
also it really does brighten the skin!
my face is brighter
its very light and i love the texture.
it blends so well with my skin
really evened out my pigmentation and tone!
its help a lot with brightening my skin
it helps restores my skin tone
i wouldn't say it is particularly greasy it has a more dewy/natural glow finish to it
love the texture and it goes on nice!
my skin tone has really improved
smells and feels great plus skin looks refreshed
my skin goes dull
it definitely illuminates the skin
i can definitely say my skin has become more radiant
it leaves your skin brighten
when i wash it off my skin looks so much brighter
mega-bright is a bit thicker than a perfect world
this is the best i've found for brightening dull skin
it brightens my skin
i can't say it makes my skin "brighter
it brightens up my eyes
although i don't care to brighten my skin
actually leaves my face matte for the day
this product makes my skin look plump
definitely feel like my skin tone has improved
friends say my face looks brighter.
gave it a natural healthy glow
makes my skin so radiant
adds a radiance to my complexion
my skin is more even-toned
make my skin glow
my skin is clearer, brighter, and smoother.
at 40+ my skin is far from flawless
i can tell that my skin is brighter
gives my face a smooth
the radiance on your face
it has definitely brightened my complexion
feels smooth on (not tacky).
like the way my skin is glowing.
my overall skin is healthier
my skin looks fantastic: it's brighter
this product is great for making you look more luminous
my skin looks a lot healthier
it leaves my skin with a nice glow
this is definitely a radiance booster
really just more radiant in general
the tint is just fair enough to cover
it really helps to neutralize the dark coloring under my eyes
it blends in with my skin
my under eye immediately looks brighter
smooth it with my finger
it really does brighten the under eye
it genuinely brightens my under eye area
it instantly makes under the eyes look brighter
it definitely brightens my eyes
blends really well into the skin
it does smooth the lines.
and it is soothing to the skin.
i like this product a lot as it helps with brightening under my eyes
it instantly brightens which i love.
brightens up my under eyes.
makes the under eye look smooth
i still want to look presentable
the light tint helps hides dark circles without a heavy or cakey effect
i still use the lighter shade
it has a slight pink color which works to color correct under eye circles
then a light layer of something brightening like the ysl touche eclat
i like the way it brightens my eyes
soothing on puffy eyes
this is perfect for lighter makeup days
my eye area looks so bright
i like that it has a bit of color to it.
this eye cream has the best salmon tone to kind of pre color correct dark circles
the metal tip helps depuff and brighten a lot.
it actually works for brightening any blueish tones you might have under your eyes
the nude tone of the product blends well with my foundation
bright undereye look i've been searching for
it definitely brightens up under my eyes
i like the texture and it's very smooth to apply.
brightens the under eye area
i blends very nicely into skin.
it's got a bit of a tint to it
make up looks flawless when applied over it
it brightens up my eyes
the fair/medium corrects the color with it's slightly pink/peach shade
the lightest shade worked for me
it instantly brightens my eyes.
this is a nice light eye brightener.
great for puffy eyes
it gives just a bit of brightness to my undereyes
this eye cream gives my eyes such a refreshed look
creates a fantastic base for my concealer to glide on smoothly
so the lightest shade works for me
it instantly brightens up my face
brightens up my skin
silky my skin feels after using this product
my skin looks bright
helped smooth some rough textured areas
found that my skin was smooth
my skin tone was noticeably more even.
it brightens and softens my skin like no other !
was amazed at how it brightened/lightened the dark marks on my face
it brightens my skin like no other
my skin had a clarity
not only does it really brighten the skin
it makes it feel silky smooth
it really makes my face/skin very bright!!!.
the texture of this mask feels incredible
), but it exfoliated my skin and left it glowing.
looks so much brighter afterward
my skin's texture was so smooth
makes it youthful looking
my skin became smoother, and brighter.
my skin is smooth
my skin looks much tighter
my skin is brighter
more even toned after every use
leaves my skin soft and radiant.
this mask made my skin look bright and balanced.
my facial skin seems to brighten
this keeps my skin in good shape
really softens my skin
my skin was brighter
how dull my complexion looks
it instantly brightens my complexion
it helped brightening my skin too
helps with uneven texture
it has replaced my glam glow mask.
my skin was so bright and it lasted.
this does brighten up my complexion
gives my skin a very fresh
after one use my skin was glowing
the texture is weird
skin is instantly brighter
my face literally looked flawless
my olive complexion had a glow
my faces looks particularly dull
it brightens the skin giving it a healthy glow
my skin now has a healthy glow
my skin felt smoother
this product makes me skin baby smooth
my skin does look brighter by a shade.
leaves your skin with a luminosity i can't explain
it has evened by skin tone
my skin was supple
brightens and evens skin tone beautifully
it instantly brightens and detoxes the skin!
my skin feels smoother
it is so smooth
my skin has it's suppleness
it brightened my skin
this mask is a nice mask
i love using this gel cream under foundation as it gives a perfect glow
results in increased plumpness and smoothness.
it has made my skin look more vibrant
my skin looked so dull
my skin is glowing
your moisture barrier intact is the key to a good looking healthy complexion
makes my skin look more lifted
flaky skin is refreshed
makes your skin feel beautiful after
my skin looks more radiant
the tone is more even
feels very silky on the skin
gives me a sexy glow!
creamy leaving my skin supple
i love how smooth it makes your face.
gives me a nice glow after i use it.
texture of my skin after using it
my skin is flawless
most of all really plumped
cloth is great quality.
my face seems over all smoother
my face turn slightly pinker underneath
it really helps brighten the complexion of your skin
skin looks plumper and feels softer immediately
your skin will be glowing
my skin is glowing!
skin feels & looks fresh & glowing.
made my skin look so fresh
the texture was thick
gives my skin a fabulous glow afterward that i can absolutely see
evenly-toned skin is revealed
brightens your skin along with evening your skin tone
my skin is softer and glows after using it.
feel your skin looking healthier
my skin looked smoother
my face looks brighter
fresh beautiful plump baby butt skin!!!
my skin looked and felt amazing.
my skin is brighter than ever
the outcome was my skin looking refreshed
my skin looked so much smoother
pleasant on the skin
that glow didn't last
skin felt softer and smoother right away.
can't tell that it brightens or makes a difference on my skin
it definitely plumps up my skin
i wake up to soft smooth skin!
the cooling sensation feels great
brightens up dull skin
it leaves your skin radiant
with a more even skin tone
it will be smoother
after just one use, my skin looks flawless!
my skin has really transformed
my skin is glowing
it left my combination skin soothed and smooth.
my skin looks brighter
glowing my skin was
defintely brightening it as well :
my skin feels completely smooth
it has improved the texture
tone of my skin dramatically
nothing soothes blemishes like this does
made my skin look flawlessly amazing!
which glides on effortlessly providing a slightly cooling sensation
it keeps my skin fresh
it helps keep my skin from looking dull.
like i said, your skin will be glowing!!
people give compliments about looking refreshed
makes my skin look so nice
it made my skin feel super soft and brighter.
this feels more luxurious.
my skin is much more visibly radiant!
this cleansing gel is a nice thick consistency
it does make my skin glow
the texture is great
my skin feels balanced
this feels so luxurious.
makes my skin so smooth
this gives my face a really nice glow in the morning
rejuvenates the look of your skin
as it does cause my face to feel noticeably plumper
my skin is brighter
feels so amazingly smooth
it makes your skin feel divine
i do feel my skin is brighter
i really like the thick consistency
my skin is so smooth
it actually has more youthful glow
you can feel it smoothing
it is an interesting texture
my skin looks so radiant
it's definitely a gel consistency.
my skin feels like silk in the morning
my skin is left clean, bright, and smooth!!
leaves your skin smooth even after the first use
it truly does brighten up the skin
helps plump the skin
my face was so smooth
this mask is perfect.
i awake with perfectly smooth
it does feel a bit creamier
it feels smooth like silk and goes on so easily.
suits my skin tone
it actually feels weightless
the finish is natural/skin like.
it gives me a glow and brightens my complexion.
this makes my skin look almost flawless
my complexion looked fresh
this serum has made my skin look better
hopefully they make a lighter shade like the foundation
i will still be matte
it so soft almost silky like
something about it makes my skin glow
look super healthy yet flawless
it has an amazing texture
is flawless in blending
my skin looks flawless all day
it evens out my skin beautifully
gives my pale skin some color
it's of a thinner consistency than foundation
my skin looks flawless
this left me with a super natural finish that provided just enough coverage to blur imperfections
noticeably better quality product for my skin.
it evens out my skin tone
it evens out my skin tone
helps me look like i had a restful nights sleeps
it goes on dewy
a lip look of your choice
the no foundation foundation evens my skin tone
gives an overall glow-y effect
looks exactly like skin.
other than that my face is a perfect satin matte the whole day
in the summer it matches my skin color perfectly when i have a little tan
just gives me a little bit of extra color
it evens my skin nicely
my skin looks like silk
it can look a little orangey
my skin "magically" looks amazing.
this product makes my skin look fresh
developing more of a rosey undertone
glowing my face looks
adds a lovely glow to my skin
so the lightest tone was a bit dark for me
my face looked smoother
it provides sparkling coverage
it is truly weightless.
not a greasy shiny way
it never fades or cakes so the shininess looks better than it naturally would if that makes sense
gives my skin a perfect
the universal color works great on my skintone
see how it smoothes out your skin texture
my skin color is tan
so the light-medium color blends well
it's great for my aging skin because it blurs the imperfections
i love a light coverage with a natural look.
it's the perfect shade for me!
makes me look naturally dewy
the formula blends perfectly with my tone of skin
perfect for my skin!
my skin looks younger and feels smoother.
it helped smooth it out
it makes my face look really smooth
it blurs all my imperfections
goes on really smooth and evens out skin.
i am tan even in the winter so the color is perfect for me
this serum made my skin look perfect all day
love that it leaves a dewy finish
makes your skin look flawless like you aren't wearing any make up
the finish is satin on my oily skin
i am white with a hint of color
it creates this smooth flawless skin finish
in the winter i like to look a bit more polished
really like the way my skin looks naturally dewy with out a heavy makeup look
actually leaves my skin semi matte
evens out my tone
please make this in a lighter shade for us porcelain girls
the color didn't match my skin perfectly
the no blush blush which i also adore
i am a lighter to medium skin tone
leave a fantastic satin-matte finish
if there was a fairer shade
blend to make my freckles
my skin looks dewy
the color looks very natural
this foundation serum somehow manages to look amazing despite my cute little skin issues
my skin is so much smoother
my face looks flawless!
this product blends into my skin tone
my complexion tends to be oily
this foundation helps reduce the appearance of shine
my skin looks flawless
it's perfect for a tan glow
this lightweight foundation covers well yet looks so natural plus a bit dewy
as i look tanned while wearing it
gives me a healthy glow
giving a more polished effect
barely there tint is just perfect
leaves a fresh look to the face without the "dewy" look that often looks shiny or oily on my skin
it evens out my skin perfectly
this gives me a perfect glow without having that makeup look
just beautifully evens out my skin tone without making me look like i'm wearing a mask
stays a matte finish all day
this is a foundation that smooths the skin without looking like you have make up on
it has given my skin the perfect healthy glow
it leaves a slightly shiny result
it gives my oily t-zone skin a nice glow
my skin feels silky smooth.
my skin looks more even
this product glides on beautifully
my skin feels smooth
lots of hydration for tired or dull skin--rose is incredibly brightening
my skin is getting smoother and lighter everyday.
my skin looks gloomy with this product.
just the overall appearnce while using this i now have a healthier glow to my skin
my skin looks much better
it consistently leaves my skin glowing
i woke up to the smoothest skin
stunning productmy skin never felt better
instantly felt the calming
my skin was smooth and smelt good.
this eye cream impressed me
i do feel that overall my eye area does look firm /plump
makes the skin so glowy
then this awesome eye cream
soothing for the eyes
pros:• smells amazing• really hydrating• made skin appear "plumper" • didn't cause break outs*
definitely looks healthier since using
it keeps my under eye skin supple all day long.
the consistency is more like a gel
my skin under my eye looks healthier
no cakey look under the eyes!!!
this eye cream is very lightweight
i like the nice light texture and glides easily.
it's very light gel texture
if you like creamy texture better
provide a nice smooth canvas for makeup without irritating
i will feel a burst of freshness under my eyes
it is silky smooth so goes on very easily
the cream is really comfortable
it helps to improve my dark eyes
this is a very light eye cream
leaves my skin plump
it also has incredible cooling texture
makes my eye area feel very supple
it keeps my under eye make up smooth.
), and this product really lightens them.
the overall complexion of my skin
my skin looks great
makes my skin look noticeably more clear
the soothing strip at the end is a nice touch as well
makes your skin look black head free
the second stripe makes you go "awwww" because it gives you a very soothing/calming feeling
the combination of the super awesome nose pad
it makes my eyes less puffy
the day cream brightened my dark circles without having any glitter or shimmer
i do love that the day cream definitely brightens my eye area
it sinks in and feels velvety smooth.
the day cream has a beautiful sheen that reflects light
gives your eye a wonderful glow under make up
the day cream brightens
makes my eyes look magical
when you wash it off your skin feels so silky smooth
i get a great glow
i can actually notice my skin looks cleaner
it goes on as a smooth
i feel like this is one of the more underrated glam glow masks
my skin feels smoother
when i wash it off my skin is brighter
this mask leaves my skin smooth and bright!
it really does feel velvety when you are done.
tingles at first in a good way.
i really wanted to try the glam glow in the white jar that focuses on clearing blemishes
glam glow is just amazing all around!!!
this made my face feel nice and smooth.
it is the thinnest of all of the glam glow masks that i've tried
made my makeup look flawless
it made my skin feel glorious
leaves it bright and super soft.
this mask overall was refreshing for my skin
love the way my skin looks
now i am hooked on everything glam glow
my skin feels so smooth
my skin is smooth
it really improves my skin
it takes the graininess out of my skin
keeps it looking smooth
after just one use i noticed my complexion brighter
uneven toned areas of my skin
it leaves my skin really smooth
as the plumping effect is really impressive
makes my skin very smooth and even-toned.
glow of my skin right away
has more of a flawless finish
i do feel like i've had some smoothing of fine smile
my face is looking so much brighter
it has a wonderful smoothing
it just feels smooth
they are so bright and beautiful.
works beautifully over something like acylglutathione for undereye
looks fresh all day
this eye gel is excellent if you have puffy eyes.
i definitely have experienced smoother skin
looks as if the skin is lighter
it's great for eye contour
my eyes look big & bright.
great for soothing tired eyes.
the skin under my eyes is considerably darker
it is altering the color of the skin under my eyes to be lighter
makes skin super smooth
i think over time it definitely brightens skin
help keep skin looking radiant
makes my skin look radiant
you will see brighter
my skin always feels smoother after.
is so much smoother
it leaves my skin smooth
noticed my skin looked supple after one use
my skin was smoother
the exfoliation is awesome it tingles in all the right ways
my face is glowy after use
leaving a smooth far from dull skin.
easy to use and it will make you glow
had mildly textured skin
90% of my texture was gone
the next day my skin's texture definitely improves
leaves it smooth n bright.
i love the healthy glow it gives me after i use it
has a gritty gel like texture
it's smoother than i've felt the skin on my face in a while
my skin after glowed.
my skin is smooth and glowing.
you can feel a more smooth texture of your skin.
it has a nice texture to it
my face was brighter
it actually brightened my skin
my skin was bright red
this mask leaves my skin so soft and glowing!
gives it a nice polish
i kid you not his skin was radiant
it helps my complexion
just makes my skin glow
the initial burn mellowed into a nice warm tingle that definitely was doing something
i find a nice exfoliation with some nice moisture leading to a nice glow on my face that's well prepped for makeup
it also makes my skin fantastically smooth
i love the glow of my skin afterwards
so fresh and rejuvenated and so smooth!!
reveal new brighter skin
my skin feels so smooth
glow-y my face looked for the first time
it does tingle a little
it made my face brighter
literally gives you a glow afterward
beautiful your skin looks
it feels good while smoothing it on my face
you're smoother than ever
it definitely makes the skin more radiant
my skin is smoother
makes my skin glow
tingles but really works!
the tingle was nice
the tingle feels amazing
my skin always feels smooth
my skin feels smooth
my skin is glowing
makes it feel smooth
i constantly get complimented on my skin
my skin has such a healthy glow
this mask has completely transformed my skin
left my skin instantly smooth
i am constantly complimented on my "beautiful skin"
this mask works wonders on my uneven texture/skin tone
it has a gritty texture
my face is so smooth
the texture in my skin completely evened out
i instantly saw a brighter
lathers nicely, taking off makeup beautifully.
gives my face the perfect balance
my skin feels heavenly
just clean, smooth and balanced.
just makes this a breeze to use
my skin looks luminous and even-tone.
has a nice silky smooth feel to it as i'm washing my face
makes my face feel squeaky clean,soft and supple.
leaves the skin very smooth
it is creamy and feels good.
leaves my face soft and smooth.
it is great when used with kslumiwhite skin tone perfector
my skin was brighter and the marks began to fade.
my skin tone is better
my jawline is firmer
i didn't see a difference in my complexion or in the firmness of my skin
this lightweight cream has made my skin luxuriously smooth
perfected my beautiful skin
my skin looks smooth
this product will brighten you up
it has a dreamy texture that my skin absorbs almost instantly with no leftover 'greasy' feeling as some i've tried
it makes it look smoother
my face was glowing
putting on makeup was a velvety dream
because the texture of this cream is slightly oily
leaves me quite shiny
great my skin looks
my skin glows with this
my skin is firmer, brighter, softer, smoother.
my whole complexion looks refreshed
it should be a little dewy
this makes my face looks brighter and younger.
supple throughout the whole day
i get a lovely glow
it has a great texture
my skin has never felt smoother
my face is looking smoother in just 3 weeks.
my skin went from wintery
my skin looks and feels amazing.
skin was softer and brighter.
smoother with no oily or sticky feeling
it makes my skin feel so smooth
my skin looks great.
it leaves me skin silly smooth
i definitely feel like it's made my skin smoother
almost any product makes my skin pink instantly
makes my skin glow in the most noticeable perfect way
immediately i noticed the silky smooth consistency of the serum
i noticed my skin was more radiant
my complexion was so even
leaves my skin so smooth
my skin looks so fresh
it helps my skin be plump
this just makes my skin look...fresher?
this goes on so silky smooth
almost had a glow to it
my face was definitely brighter
my face feel like silk
i definitely see a huge difference in the radiance of my skin
it feels silky on the skin
my forehead feels as smooth as silk
my skin looks radiant and smooth.
also the product has a great texture
left a matte finish on my face
my skin seems smoother and more supple.
has made my skin look flawless
my skin practically glows!
my skin definitely feels healthier.
also creates softer skin
it makes my skin so smooth, and its noticeable!
look forward to putting it on because it makes my skin feel like silk
it has transformed my skin
my skin really did look radiant right away
it makes my face so smooth
it makes my face so smooth
my skin looks great
soothing on my skin
my skin feels smoother
the texture of my skin has improved
my skin is smoother
the texture is more uniform
dewy finish to my skin--at 53 this is great
my skin looks so much brighter
almost has a glow after
my skin feels smooth
brightens the eye area
this is a medium textured eye cream that goes on smooth
the area around my eyes was brighter and plumper.
i could certainly see firmer skin tone
the entire area is plumper
are definitely a little lighter
i love the texture--not thick
this eye cream helped me look like my old self
how bright my skin is now :
had even brighter skin
my skin definitely has a nice glow
i see my makeup looks nicer a
i've always had the classic combo skin
skin is smoother, firmer and oh-so soft.
my skin looked smoother
compliments on my skin
the eye cream is also excellent.
i would say my skin looks brighter
feels smooth when i apply it
i look dramatically refreshed.
gives you an oily shine look
this facial is marvelous!
it makes my skin look dewy, fresh and young.
this product instantly brightened my skin!
besides that this product made my skin smoother
texture after i use this
my skin looked amazing
it left my skin glowing
i think leaves a nice glow
makes my skin bright and soft.
the perfect quick pick me up for dull skin.
the product has a very watery consistency
my skin looks radiant
skin texture is smoother
clarity in my skin
my face is noticeably brighter
smoother after using this
much smoother than usual
i just beam with radiance
;) skin was also super smooth.
it looks like i'm glowing even with foundation on top
my skin is glowing!
the skin looks better
this gave me anunearthly satin feeling
it brightened it up
making my skin look rough instead of smooth
my skin looked smooth
made my complexion bright and my skin smooth!
this left my skin glowing
smooth it looks now
my face feels flawless afterwards
it makes my skin radiant feels tighter
find that my skin is much brighter
the texture is nicer
my face was so soft radiant looking
skin is instantly revived, glowing and luminous.
her skin looked noticeably different
the grainy texture felt like it should be a scrub
my skin looked amazing.
this facial is amazing!
great supple skin after
only glowing beautiful skin
amazingly in one minute this facial treatment renders your skin firmer
my skin did feel instantly brighter
i really enjoy using this facial polish.
my skin looks so much smoother and clearer.
has an uneven tone
it makes my skin look fresh
glowing, soft skin in minutes.
it leaves my skin so smooth
i might just have the brightest smoothest skin ever
really brightens up my skin
then it turns smooth with a slight tingle on the skin
it makes my skin look smooth
amazing for skin prepping
it has really improved the texture of my skin
noticed that my skin looked bright
my skin is more even toned
my skin feels so smooth
i can feel my skin smooth
provides a nice veil of dewiness that is incomparable
seems much less cakey
this made my make up look flawless.
it really made a difference in the texture of my skin
gave me an amazing glow
after half a year of use i can honestly say my skin texture is smoother
i just look more rested and healthier overall.
my skin instantly feels more supple
was surprised how supple
i feel like it even smooths out my uneven pigmentation
the texture is very light
my skin does feel smoother.
glowing my skin looked
literally made my skin look better
it makes my skin so smooth.
this product helps my skin look and feel better.
my skin is smoother
my skin was smoother than ever
it makes your skin look smoothy and healthy.
somewhat uneven skin tone
my skin is more radiant
"cheerful" looking when using this
clearer tone with time
my skin feels smooth
my dry rough skin was changed into smooth
it evened my skin tone
it makes my skin look so bright and healthy.
it's done wonders in terms of smoothing my skin out
overnight is amazing it works great for my smile wrinkles
my skin actually glows from this product!
my skin looks gorgeous!!
this makes my skin look soooo dewy
it feels so smooth
brighter my skin looked
my skin looks amazing
some texture issues around the cheeks
basically my skin glows
it gives me a glowing look
it leaves skin silky
leaves skin soft and dewy.
my skin is smoother
my skin feels smoother, too
your face feels like satin
it keeps the texture of my skin amazing
noticed my face looks brighter now
made my skin glow.
people complimented me on my complexion
how my face glowed
it's evened out my coloring
my face was noticeably brighter
my skin is more luminous
gives your skin an incredible glow
actually makes my skin smoother under my foundation
made me skin look
i do believe that my skin glows because of it
my skin just looks healthier
i think i glow my skin looks great
my skin is lighter, smoother and glows.
its smooth, absorbs fast, leaves a silky feeling.
makes my skin look younger
just pretty radiant skin
all over texture of skin
this is a fantastic soothing mask for winter.
leaves the skin feeling like silk
skin also appears healthier and clearer .
my skin looks like porcelain after i use it
my skin was clear and bright.
smooth after using it
it leaves your skin baby smooth
leaves it with a fresh glow
this leaves my skin supple
makes it look more plump
has even drastically improved my skins texture
you will actually look forward to waking up with smoother
it gets this milky texture
it has left my skin looking healthier
this stuff is perfect for my sensitive complexion
i smooth it on
makes your skin feel wonderful
i receive so many compliments on my complexion
gives it a beautiful glow
i quickly learned to love the smooth silky makeup remover
my skin is noticeably brighter and clearer.
your skin will look supple and renewed.
after using this a week my skin is truly brighter
my skin is dewy
skin is really glowy after couple uses.
then milky consistency as promised
my face looks like it's glowing afterwards
has a little bit of a glow
silky smooth and just amazing
it feels so much smoother
it feels luxurious to apply
makes my makeup go on so much smoother
my skin looked brightened
it was so smooth
my eye area is noticeably smoother
the texture of this eye cream is brilliant.
sinks in to my skin beautifully
absorbs in very nice.
my skin feels supple
my complexion looks more even
my skin became more smooth
it leaves my skin so silky and amazing too!
my scalp and overall look is transformed.
overall my complexion has improved
my skin was super bright after one use.
also super smooth/soft
my skin is smoother
my skin feels so smooth
it gives you a glow aftwards
experience the radiance of your skin the next morning
no only has my complexion become smoother
my skin is plump and glowing the entire next day.
my skin felt so smooth and refreshed.
this made my skin instantly clean and so bright!
left my face with a beautiful natural glow
my skin felt smooth and refreshed.
i love the smooth texture
the skin looks fantastic
easy to use and left my skin feeling a bit silky.
it actually makes my skin smoother
it feels like a jelly as you smooth
was very much impressed with how dewy
the texture is amazing
perfect for dry skin!
leaves your skin beautifully smooth
it was a very runny consistency
leaves my skin feeling like silk
the oil doesn't glide really smoothly
as this makes the oil texture turn a little creamy
the tone is more even
this eye cream helps my eye area to be brighter
gives an even palette for future eye makeup application with staying power
it doesn't make the eye skin look "tight"
and my eye shadow goes on so much smoother.
does a good job of smoothing
i wake up with more visibly smoother
i saw that my face got brighter with an even complexion
my skin became smooth and glowed.
maintains the plumpness i think
i'd rather have nice smooth skin
leaves you looking radiant
i noticed my skin looked so much brighter
my cheeks are smooth
my skin looks great
it leaves your skin looking smooth and dewy.
it does plump your skin
makes my 58 year old skin look 33.
firmed up skin and felt great.
aha routine has perked up my complexion
this product makes me glow.
this has really changed the texture of my skin.
it gives it a dewy, smooth look.
my skin feels like silk
the ha makes my skin look so much smoother
just in 1 week my skin is smoother
fine line seemed plumped
my skin is super smooth
all without the greasy shine!
just a wonderful, smooth glow.
the glassy glow it gives will be enough to sell you in it though
mix it with your foundation for even more glow.
perfect for my combination skin!
my skin feels smoother
this product brightens it right up
my skin looks healthy
i wake up every morning with plumped glowing skin
this product transformed my skin!
i now have normal, glowing skin again!!
my skin feels dewy
seems to do a bit of brightening
m my face looks so chalky
gave it a little glow
my skin feels clear and bright.
to its really pleasant texture
it really improves my texture
makes my skin look amazing
it feels like a thick cream
i find that it makes the skin moisturized without making it look shiny
my skin is plumper
this cream is so thick and smooth i love it!!!
my skin looked radiant in the morning
it goes on smooth
it makes my skin look much brighter
visibly looks better by morning
my skin is brighter
it evens my skin out enough to make makeup look flawless
my skin is restored
a "glow" ageless look to my skin
the skin tone looking more even
my skin is looking a whole lot brighter.
my makeup goes on a lot smoother
i feel that my skin gets really smooth when i glide this on
this helps even out my skin tone
plus it makes my skin silky smooth
my skin truly glows when i use this
the finish is non greasy, very natural and matte.
my skin has a natural glow
my skin looks brighter
evened my skin tone
evens the skin tone
this has made my skin glow
does not feel taut aftwards
also left my skin super smooth
my skin looks and feels so smooth and supple.
the texture is kind of like a cross between a gel
it revives your skin making it look brighter
my skin always looks so glowy
my entire face is radiant
it makes my skin smoother
my skin looks brighter healthier
this cleaner is light
my skin feels really smooth.
my skin has a nice natural glow
i find it brightens my skin a bit as well
this cleanser attracted me with "radiance" in its title
my skin is brighter
overall my skin is brighter
with this i noticed better skin texture
since i've started using this my skin has a beautiful glow
perfect for combo skin
this gel makes my skin look
definitely feel it gives a 'blur' to lines/wrinkles
bright my skin is
my skin is more youthful and i love how it feels.
not only did this make my face look radiant
my skin is noticeably clearer
my skin has stayed a bit more matte throughout the day
my skin always feels smoother
looks brighter in the morning
it also makes my skin look so smooth
have brighter skin that looks
my skin texture has improved
the skin looks healthier
left it very supple in the morning
wake up to very supple
instantly fall in love with the texture of this mask
my skin has this amazing glow
texture after every use
looked flawless all day
it has smooth out my texture.
this left me smooth
made my skin glow without turning me into an oil slick
woke up to an improved complexion
your skin is simply radiant
glowing skin that looks like a baby's cheek
my face is so radiant
love that it brightens
my skin looks so much brighter the following morning
my skin looked brighter
i also really like the texture.
it has changed my skin texture completely!
they blend into my skin so nicely.
my skin look clearer
this serum brightens the skin
makes the skin look so clear
this serum has made my eyes look refreshed
it feels light weight and amazing!
with some textured areas
i try everything for brightening
every single time i use this product it lightens my dark spots
my skin has more of its former glow
makes my skin glow !
my skin becomes smoother
the skin feels so smooth
first i noticed that my skin became silky
my youthful features were back
as for contouring the face / jawline
my face looks well rested smooth
bright with no oily shine all day
making my face look slimmer
it really does contour your face!
this serum made my face look thinner
smoother under eye area
immediately my skin feels softer and smoother.
my skin feel lot happier, smooth and plumped!
creates a noticeable difference in the texture
my skin both looks
made it so much smoother
makes me feel radiant
also has a nice instant firming effect that wakes up my skin
have a flawless canvas to apply foundation on
everything looks tighter and more youthful.
you feel the firming instantly.
your skin looks luminous, lifted, and smooth!
my makeup goes on so much smoother
my skin feels smoother
making my skin more youthful
it looks healthy and youthful.
it's the consistency of a feather-light gel
my skin really looks younger
i noticed that my skin looks more even toned
it instantly feels firmer
my skin looks all dewy
i love using this for a dewy effect on the eyes
melts right in for a natural glossy look
skin looks great in the a.m.
brighten the dryest sahara skin
i love the texture of this as well.
it is such a nice texture
it gives that super dewy
my skin looks magical all day
my skin has a natural glow
it goes on smooth
it is solid until it touches skin
texture of my skin has improved
and my skin has more of a glow.
i've always had uneven skin tone
this lightens the dark spots
skin feels smooth, toned and cool.
it leaves it bright
i noticed my skin is smoother
brightening my overall complexion
it leaves my skin smooth
fresh my skin looked
evens out my skin tone
my skin looked amazing!
it leaves my skin smooth and refreshed.
brightens the skins which is amazing
because it takes off all of my bright colored eyeshadows so easily
making my vision blurry or cloudy
my face feels 100x healthier.
it looks healthier too
it has really assisted in brightening my skin
my skin feels absolutely radiant
helps to keep my skin balanced n toned.
the texture is nice
my skin is a little glowy in the summer
i didn't see the contouring effect fresh claims it has
my skin looked smoother and felt firmer.
and my skin looks the best it's ever looked!
texture of my skin has improved quite a bit
the texture is perfect
the next morning, my skin glowed!
it felt softer, firmer and looked amazing!
your skin is glowing
my face was brighter
my skin is smooth
it looks healthy and seems to even be firmer.
really helps plump your skin up
it's improved the appearance of my skin
my skin looks smoother
it goes on smooth
my skin feels plumped
gave my skin a glow
my self tanner even looks great when used over this at night
people have complimented me on looking refreshed
my face is incredibly smooth in the morning
skin is plumper, smoother, and calmer.
it does make my skin look "fresh"
my face looks baby smooth
it definetely tones your face its a big plussss !
this moisturiser has quite a thick consistency
my skin felt very smooth, clear and airy (?)
my skin feels velvety soft
my skin looked radiant
clarity are visibly supple
my skin is glowing :
plumper complexion after using this at night
i found it to be restful
this smoothed out a lot of texture issues
my skin is always visibly brighter
my skin is glowy
you wake up with a refreshed, dewy look.
it truly makes my skin glow though.
my skin was beautifully refreshed in the morning
my face looks fresher
the outcome is beautiful vibrant moisturized skin that always gets comments
- my face looked brighter
it makes my makeup look smoother too.
it's nice smooth skin
it does tingle a bit
eye creases are smoother
i do notice a smoother appearance to my skin especially around my eyes
our skin looks more rejuvenated
i really like that this is fast absorbing leaving the skin silky smooth
this product has really helped plump the skin
this makes my face look relaxed.
notice my skin looks smoother
it really softens my expression lines
it's still look smooth
this cream feels light and tingly after use.
happy with smoother forehead lines.
the cooling minty feel gives my face a boost
thank you glam glow!
glam glow products have done wonders for my skin
it makes my skin feel smoother
i like the slight tingle
leaves a beautiful matte face
my skin feels supple
my pores look better than ever.
really reminds me of the clearing glam glow mask
it makes my skin look really fresh
not only does it make my skin matte
this clears my skin wonderfully
it cleared my skin and left a nice glow.
my skin feels so smooth
my face is noticeably bright and smooth looking.
makes my skin look amazing
first the gritty texture usually does not make my skin happy
my skin felt a lot smoother
i like how it helped with the texture of my skin.
has a natural gritty texture to it
glam glow please fix this!
the new glow is absolutely amazing
just this amazing over glow
the texture is so soft and muddy.
it helps with keeping your skin look fresh
sets beautifully underneath makeup.
my face looks like new
few drops and it makes my skin glowing.
this definitely plumps my skin to look dewy
makes my face feel smooth
my skin looks fantastic
my skin has a youthful non-greasy glow
my skin is baby smooth
leaves my skin smooth
my skin looked better overall
my skin is smoother
skin feels soft and dewy.
then the texture works well
its wonderful for my skin
it has such a nice texture
it feels so luxurious
your skin feels amazingly fresh
my skin has become more smooth
smooth out my skin's bumpy texture
is fairly uneven in tone
i noticed smoother skin with less bumps
it has brighten my skin.
i could see my skin glowing
i now how perfectly smooth
it also gave my skin a great, non-greasy glow.
my skin feels very smooth
gives me a healthy glow
after 2 uses my skin looks more luminous
my pores look much better
making my skin clearer
the texture is light
seems to make my natural skin glow without looking greasy
leaves my skin looking plump
my face feels so fresh and silky smooth.
makes me skin silky soft
brightness of skin with out making it oily
it makes my skin look great- even tone
texture is so refreshing to your face
i like a matte foundation
it definitely has made my skin more smooth
made my skin feel a lot healthier
in the texture of my skin within 2-3 uses
my skin looks healthier.
the consistency is much airier than the original formula
love it makes my skin feel like silk
makes your face smooth
my under eyes look a lot brighter
i feel like my skin is a little smoother
it also really brightens the area
t kind of brightened my eyes
this eye cream is surprisingly good.
my eyes have a nice taut look to them
it's the perfect texture
it is lightweight and absorbs beautifully.
brightened under eyes and smooths out fine lines.
i've definitely that the texture of my eye lids have improved greatly
this eye cream is awesome!
my eyes look refreshed
the luminous dewy eye serum followed by
at night i’ll follow that up with the luminous dewy skin night concentrate
my face felt so smooth fresh and radiant.
it gives me a dewy glow
only leaves behind silky smooth skin
you get the smoothest
my skin looks great in the morning.
i always wake up with smooth skin
smooth after using this
my skin is much softer and just glows.
leaves my skin looking fantastic
the bottle shape is perfect
my skin feels so smooth
my skin look awesome
it is a luxurious experience with jawdropping results
love how it leaves my skin so smooth.
it really makes your skin smooth
improved my skin tone
i owe my smooth shiny skin to tatcha.
it left my skin smooth as a baby's
it leaves your skin feeling much smoother
extremely smooth skin behind
by the time i'm done my complexion is flawless
my skin feels so smooth
it has left my skin very radiant with a beautiful glow
this is an amazing facial oil!
left a beautiful gloss to cheekbones though.
my skin has never glowed more
i mixed it with my nars sheer glow
a more youthful look to your skin
it gives a natural health glow.
it gives my skin a radiant
as my skin is noticeably duller
my skin is noticeably brighter
goes on like silk
it's even great for mixing with matte foundations for a more dewy effect
it's so smooth and soft and clear !!!
this oil has made my skin radiant
wake up with supple
my skin appear more radiant
while this oil hasn't made my skin matte by any means it's noticeably less slick
my face looks dewy/glowing
it makes my skin looking healthy
it creates the most gorgeous glow
my skin is so smooth.
my skin appears more luminous
plumped up-it feels like a baby's
helped even my skin tone
everyone compliments my skin looking radiant
gives your skin an amazing glow
my skin is so smooth
plump it leaves my skin in the mornings
it looks plump and younger.
makes it look more natural
cleaner, brighter, softer, more balanced skin.
my skin looks great
it has helped my skin tone
the oil is a nice consistency not a watery version at all
this oil leaves a nice glow to the skin
it feels like silk
it also sets into the skin nicely
this is going to smooth the skin
my skin looks healthy
made my skin look much fresher than before
my skin is glowing
my uneven color is improving
my skin overall is much smoother and less red.
makes you look flawless
gave a nice lasting glow
i wake up in the morning with glowing radiant soft skin
made it radiant as the sun
my texture has evened out
my skin is brighter
my face looks brighter every day
my skin was glowing and brightened.
my overall skin texture
my skin's texture has become so smooth
it helps with texture
my skin is noticeably refreshed
my skin is brighter, glowy, and less irritated.
i don't experience much texture
my texture definitely got smoother
brightens my face every morning
my skin feels smoother
my skin just feels brighter
my pores already shrunk my skin tone is brighter
my skin was glowing to perfection
this truly changed my skin texture
this product has really helped with my texture!
improved the texture of my skin helping with the dryness
my skin was smooth
my texture is very uneven
looks like a perfect foundationed face
my texture is more even
notice my complexion is much brighter
smoothed out my skin for sure
has greatly improved the texture of my skin
my skin texture has improved so much
my face is much smoother
my skin is clearer
this product has brightened my skin
my skin was smoother
ridiculous texture on my cheeks to significance clearer skin
i've used a lot of different products for my textured skin
both in the texture
the overall glow of my skin
my skin does look a bit brighter
texture on my skin
it's so smooth to the touch.
now i need something for uneven skin tone.
my face is so smooth and even.
the texture of my skin
my skin has such a healthy glow now
gave me a natural glow
i wasn't very impressed with ole henriksen's invigorating night transformation gel
skin has a better texture
see a slight lightness to my spots as well
there is more radiance in my face
skin def felt softer the next day
my skin was smooth
its helped with the overall clarity of my skin
my skin looks so healthy and glowy.
my face was so smooth
my foundation now looks flawless
my texture is gone
it has helped overall with smoothing my skin out a bit
my skin looks so radiant
this night serum has kept my skin looking dewy
porcelain-like smooth skin
after 2 days my skin is smooth like a baby.
that there's less dullness/texture
gave me a more radiant and glowing complexion!
delicate skinned lady look her best
i feel vibrant and beautiful.
my skin is glowing
my pores are smaller, my complexion is clearer.
it's calming and keeps my skin smooth.
my skin is soft, clear and perfectly balanced.
my skin looks amazing using this
i feel as though my skin looks brighter
make my complexion much more bright
evened out my skin tones
great overall for a facial bar
my skin was smoother
texture as much as de's products
my cheeks aren't textured
my skin is also undeniably soft and radiant.
my skin looks and feels amazing!
it made my skin silky soft, glowing and clean.
it left my skin with a smooth perfect finish.
it has healthy glow now
my skin looks so healthy
my skin looks calm
my skin looks super clear
just a perfect combination of normal skin.
my skin is smooth
also leaves my skin dewy.
my skin looks great and radiant!
i feel like the gritty texture really cleans
my skin truly has a better appearance.
had a natural glow everywhere else
i don't mind a little natural glow here
this makes my skin feel so smooth
this cleaner has significantly helped my oily skin
my face was so smooth
fyi: can be used in your foundation for the all over luminous glowy look
my skin looks amazing
i love the slightly grainy feeling of exfoliation that you get from this bar
this bar has hugely improved the texture of my skin
my skin feels balanced
its a perfect compliment to my clarisonic brush
my skin looks smoother
this exfoliates makes skin look brighter
texture as much as de's products
it was smoother, glowy-er and well balanced.
also keeps my skin tone even.
to keep the texture smooth
my skin is more balanced
the texture looks so much smoother
my face feels smoother
brighter looking skin immediately
my skin starting feeling smoother
after a few washes i see my complexion looks renewed
my skin looks good.
my skin feels baby soft and glows!
my skin looks radiant
this bar keeps my skin looking smooth
my skin looks so nice
it doesn't dry my skin out and it brightens.
my skin looks amazing
this one balances my skin flawlessly
gives me the luminosity
despite the acnee my dermatologist told me i have a beautiful complexion
my skin is clearer, brighter and smoother.
smooth my skin is
the texture is incredibly luxurious.
leaves my skin feeling luxurious and glorious.
my skin glows it looks firm
my scars and texture have improved tremendously.
skin was noticeably better
my skin is more radiant
the skin is smoother and plumper.
my skin looks dewy
it makes my skin so glowy
look amazing on my skin
this stuff has made my skin look like porcelain.
my skin looks great
my skin tone is radiant
woke up to significantly smoother skin
skin looking radiant definitely get compliments on my skin
the oil immediately gave me a nice glow
supple my skin has become
when i wake up my skin does look a bit brighter
when you wake up your skin looks radiant
overall i think skin texture has improved
it adds instant radiance to my skin
my skin is more brighter
i saw instant results with the radiance it brought to my skin tone as well after a week my skin felt firmer
to smooth on my face
it looks more toned than it has in years
makes the face feel like silk afterwards
leaves the skin radiant
it just feels great along with the sonic brush.
i even feel a slight tingle
it feels too smooth!
my face is so smooth
it is very smooth and silky also.
this face has restored my texture leaves my face extremely soft
it feels so luxurious
has added a nice glow to my usually tired looking skin
i feel like my entire face is calmer/smoother
in fact it feels smooth
literally makes your face very smooth
it was brighter and softer after one use!
makeup with making skin feel smooth
the texture is great
least textured its been in years
this cream cleaner feels
leaves your skin smooth
keep my face smooth
it isn't the smoothest texture once you rub it around your face
it leaves my skin soft and silky.
it leaves your skin silky soft
it feels so luxurious.
the texture is thick
it'll help brighten your skin
has improved my skins texture
a wonderful milky smooth texture
my skin feels plump
am noticing that my skin texture is a lot smoother
my complexion looks so much healthier too!
it smoothed my skin
improves the look of your eye area
my skin is illuminated
you will feel a cooling sensation
not frosty or pearly exactly
it brightens my eye area
it gives me a fresher appearance in the morning
the puffy-ness is reduced
smooths the appearance of puffy morning eyes
it also brighten a little bit.
brightens my eye area
want minamize that puffy look
gives slightly smoother appearance to under eyes.
my eyes look brighter and rested!
this has a gel cream feel and a faint tint to it.
the cream has reflective properties that help blur
it will however feel fabulously refreshing under your eyes
this stuff has really helped brighten my under eyes
i feel like it's a little bit like an illuminator
makes my under eyes look flawless
makes me look bright eyed
it glides on smoothly
gives a nice subtle glow
it made my eyes look instantly better
refreshing under the eye
the product has a bit of a tint to it which i found made my under eye look brighter
loved this made my undereye look smoother
this product has a little bit of color to it
everyone said my eyes looked brighter!
the skin also looks nice and smooth underneath.
my skin looked smooth and felt smooth.
it looked dewy and fresh.
it gives u a really nice glow
makes your foundation wear light
my skin was more plump and even toned.
definitely helps my skin look smoother
had the perfect texture
this is perfect for my skin
my skin looks absolutely glowing
radiant when i use it with my clarisonic
great face wash for smooth, blemish-free skin.
the product leaves a strange plasticy film type feeling
nothing on the market today plumps your skin like this magical serum
my skin is instantly plumped for the rest of the day
my face becomes so matte
it turns my makeup on my face orangish
it makes your skin beautiful again!
it makes a perfect canvas for makeup
also, it gives me that airbrushed looked.
foundation for a perfect smoothing
this combined with my tarte face oil has done wonders to my complexion
my skin is smoother, pores less noticeable.
my face looks more lively
my skin has never been so radiant and smooth!
makes my skin feel and look refreshed
makes your skin appear smooth
it goes on matte and feels super light.
it creates a perfect matte without being or looking dry
def during the day to achieve nice matte poreless finish
my skin felt smoother
my skin tone looked more even
its made my face brighter and even toned.
i helped control my texture issues
gives me a perfect glow
my skin is smooth
makes my skin look
it makes the skin super smooth
really smooths skin makes it a nice base for moisturizer than primer
the radiance is a bonus
amazing job of my my skin feel smooth
was so much smoother
it brightens your skin
smooths out my complexion to make it more radiant :
it looked tighter, brighter, and glowy!
left my skin feeling smoother
my skin looked dewy
once this product glides on it makes your skin look smooth
this serum really helps make your skin look plump
glides onto my skin beautifully
this serum makes your skin glow
in gives you a seamless matte complexion
it's made my skin look brighter
has smoother over any imperfections
the redness in my face has toned down tremendously
my skin feels smooth
it evened my skin tone
this gel actually gives me a noticeable radiance boost
it's radiant, glowing and not a bit oily.
an uneven skin tone before
i needed something to brighten my skin
it really has made my skin look brighter
it makes my skin soon soft and bright.
i feel my skin smooth and my pores less visibles.
it gave me a nice healthy glow
this serum helps give my skin that added bit of moisture while making my skin look glowing
most impressive is the smoothing effect.
you skin feels magnificent after application.
this makes my makeup look so flawless
can definitely tell a difference in the texture of my skin
it feels very smooth on the skin
my dull uneven skin tone is more radiant
evened out with a slight glow
i notice a healthy glow right away
my skin has that soft-blur look
i've noticed that my skin looks smoother
it makes my skin look & feel flawless!
my skin is smooth and has never looked better!
my skin looks a bit more plumped up afterward
even still this has made my skin look so smooth
my skin is plumped up and glowing.
my skin is firmer, lifted, and glowing!
am very pleased with the smoothing of lines
the thick texture really has an "elegance" about it that should be noted
glowing, plumped up & smooth.
my skin feels firm and smooth.
our skin looks beautiful
my skin was radiant
my skin is so much brighter
my skin was glowing
my skin looked so radiant that night
my skin feels smooth
my skin is looking radiant, smooth, and firm.
it firmed my skin
it brightened my complexion giving me a more awake look
gave my skin a bit more plumpness
this mask literally makes my skin glow
my skin glows so beautifully
your skin feels smooth
it definitely helps to bring blemishes to the surface as well
it leaves my face smooth and bright!!
clean smooth radiant skin
my skin is glowing
my skin feels so smooth
great mask for a quick fix for blemishes or maintaining a clear complexion
my skin feels more smooth than ever
my skin looks bright
your face is absolutely glowing
my skin felt plumper after one use
my skin looked very "refreshed after
brightens my skin immediately.
it makes my skin so much clearer
helps keep it toned
my overall skin texture felt much smoother
this stuff makes me glow
leaves my skin looking photoshopped
makes my skin look and feel great!
the skin so so bright and plump after.
my skin looked great
it makes my skin very refined
it's also definitely brighter
my skin definitely has a natural glow to it afterwards as well
my skin tone looks brigher
it did make my skin look almost glossy
but it did seem to brighten and soften my skin.
my skin is more smooth
it's a gel like consistency
wanted to try something different from glam glow
this makes my skin just glow
compared to glam glow and origins, this one wins
over all my complexion always looks clear
it felt slightly hotter
my skin looked very smooth
his skin looks fantastic
it makes my skin look brighter
my complexion has a glow
i've noticed my skin is looking a lot brighter
my skin looks fresh
my skin felt renewed, tighter, and refreshed.
cool texture feels wonderful on the skin during use
my skin lit up
feel glow immediately after using it
my skin is noticeably better
clean- a slight bit dry even for my combination complexion
glides on silky smooth
leaves my skin supple
it makes my skin glow
it cleanses, my skin feels smooth and glows.
i like the texture
my skin comes out very smooth
my skin is flawless
is it is now smooth, clear and healthy.
my skin is glowing
my skin becomes much more smooth and clean!
effective exfoliator it leaves me with soft glowing skin nothing compares to this bar
it makes my skin glow
i feel glamorous and glowing all day.
its very light and comfortable to wear.
leaves the perfect fine sheen of luminosity on the high points of the face
gives a fresh healthy look to the skin
it makes your skin look amazing.
it makes foundation application a breeze
add a little more "glow" to my luminous silk foundation
i tried this lightweight balm as i needed a "glow"
my skin looks so dewy
this gave me a fantastic glow
already my skin is brighter
evens out my complexion
looks even shinier than usual
i see a difference in the complexion of my skin
love it, it leaves my skin fresh y clarified.
good for combo skin
now, it is radiant!
my skin is now smooth
makes your skin feel amazing
evening the skin tone
my face is brighter
my skin looks instantly brighter after i use it
it almost feels silky going on.
i noticed more vibrancy to my skin.
leaves my skin with a natural glow
my complexion is much more clear and brightened.
it's the perfect balance of powerhouse ingredients that are gentle on the skin to prevent the dryness
it has a smooth nice lather
it helps with uneven texture of the skin as well as breakouts
my complexion appears much smoother with less dark spots
my skin looked brighter, softer, and healthier.
using it once a week has transformed my skin in a beautiful way
super smooth glowing skin
skin looks and feels amazing!
while leaving my skin smooth
is glowing after using this
my face is silky smooth
after using this product my face skin has a beautiful glow to it
my skin looks smoother
more even in skin tone
my skin looks brighter and it's very gentle.
*there was a slight tingly sensation at first
this eye cream helps brighten my under eye
this cream goes on with a slight cooling sensation which i appreciate
he is pale skinned
my dark circles look brighter
the eye cream has a funny texture
suddenly i look refreshed
i feel like my face looks brighter
which seems to boost the brightness for me
my eyes look so bright
the skin under my eyes is so smooth
my eye area is noticeably smoother
my skin is glowing!
sometimes my complexion can look a bit dull
this brightened up my skin
made my skin soooo smooth.
really left it glowing
makes my skin seem brighter
"didn't like the color
i look so fresh after i use it and very smooth.
leaves skin feeling very plump and balanced.
subtle glow after using
it has really brightened my skin taking away a lot of dullness
i definitely like glam glow
my skin looked brighter
always looks glowy and radiant after!
it makes your skin look
the texture is truley amazing.
my face is so smooth and my makeup looks amazing.
it literally leaves my skin glowing and soft.
it is certainly smoother
leaving my skin baby smooth
it looks like your skin is glowing from inside!"
helps get rid of textural issues i might be having
it makes your skin feel so smooth
i notice that my skin is smoother
my skin texture is smoother
it leaves my skin very smooth and fresh
my skin has been looking so glowy!
it's a gentle exfoliator that leaves your skin glowing
it is smooth, clean and fresh looking.
my skin is back to that youthful glow i've been missing
everyone's skin is different
i really like the texture
it makes my skin so smooth
has a nice little glow
flaky skin looking smooth
leaves it with a beautiful finish
just a good quality cleaner
then i saw this glam glow cleaner
wake up with a dewy
this makes my skin look so bright and fresh.
glowing all day without looking oily
so i gave glam glow a try.
bright it makes my face after
my skin hasn't been this radiant
it's leaves my skin so beautiful
perfect for dry skin.
it leaves the skin so soft and bright.
the texture was very rough and bumpy.
my face feels and looks smooth.
my skin just looks so much healthier
my skin feels smooth
if you want a dewy makeup look with flawless application try this product
makes my skin feel and look amazing.
my skin is even, balanced, and glowing!
it leaves everything looking smooth
love the texture and consistency.
i like the way this leaves my face: smooth
this gives my skin a refreshing
my skin has never looked healthier or smoother
it does brighten the eye area
it goes on smoother
a lightness under my eyes
i think that the skin around my eyes looks smoother
the eye area feels very smooth and bright.
it has a great light texture too!
feels glorious upon application.
it has definitely improved the overall texture/appearance of the skin around my eyes
when i say radiant
the color looked very youthful
it also gives me a bit of a glow in the eye area
as it seems to illuminate it in a dewy
it makes under my eyes a little brighter
does brighten dark circles
overall this is a great eye cream
i struggle with texture
it gives me a flawless look
in the morning my skin is glowing
it has really changed the texture of my skin
leaves your skin silky smooth
overall evening of my face texture
its perfect for my skin
i see more of a glow
an overall balance of radiance
my skin tone looked even
my skin was luminous.
no shine, just smooth, velvety skin.
wake up to smoother skin
leaves skin silky smooth.
it leaves my skin feeling supple with a nice
it feels absolutely weightless
radiant skin then this is the product for you
its a great combomy skin looks more radiant
the next day my skin felt smooth
looks so much softer
the texture of the product is light
the shea definitely makes my skin tone look more even
my skin is glowing.
makes my skin feel amazing
it feels like silk on your face
it leaves my skin smooth
just amazing, clean, fresh, and soft skin!!
feels nice and smooth on the skin.
the texture of my skin is changing
skin looks youthful once again
gives my skin a nice glow.
it goes on smooth
more supple since i started using it
makes my skin glow
makes my skin look healthier
make my skin feel like silk
i also see a natural glow.
serum-like consistency that conditions my skin beautifully
my makeup goes on smoother, too!
i wake up with a dewy feel to my skin.
my skin looked 100% brighter
more color to my tone
now has a nice glow
my skin is way more supple
i would recommend pairing this with tarte's smooth operator amazonian clay finishing powder
everyone's skin is different
what's best about this blue goodness is that it absorbs super quickly into the skin
my skin feels plump
my skin feels so smooth.
my skin is brighter
cleansing just got more exciting for the minimalist
it makes my skin look amazing.
very clear, smooth, and even.
everyone's skin is different
leaves your skin so so smooth/supple/bright
this is something i use every day to add subtle shine
gives you beautiful glow
not so tinted for my fair skin
evens out my complexion
provides a subtle radiant glow to my skin
makes my skin looking healthier
subtle but evens out my skin.
if you like glow
this product gives the perfect amount of color
i often get compliments on my skin as it gives it a radiant
transforms into a nicely tanned look on your skin
it has a light tint which i wanted
my skin looks so moisturized and glowing.
this has made my makeup look like skin not cakey
the tint gives an awesome glow
gives a natural warm color to my skin
the color blends in great with my complexion
it's perfect for my skin tone
it gives more of a glow rather than a tint.
this moisturizer gives the natural glow of healthy skin even on my skin which has pigment issues
makes my skin so smooth
the color is great
it gives a beautiful glow
it leave you glowing and tan!
the tint gives me the perfect "touch of sun" glow
the tinted version is wonderful.
it's a very settle color
gives you a little tint of color so don't expect it to be a bb cream or in replacement of foundation
i feel like my skin instantly looks smoother
my color looks way healthier
it gives me a nice glow that looks great by itself or under foundations/powders
i am not a huge make-up wearer.
make it look like i had a tad bit more color
oil free, spf 30, and it makes my skin glow.
gives my skin a hint of color
i don't really notice much of a tint.
it leaves you with a warm glow that lasts all day
i wake up with smoother
pros - skin looks refreshed and youthful.
my skin looks more radiant
it feels so smooth on the skin
helping keep my aging 30something skin looks super fresh
seems to brighten my skin
leaves skin silky soft
this one gives a healthy-looking boost to my skin
it makes my skin look refreshed
it's evened out my complexion
very healthy color and look.
it gave my light to medium tanned asian skin tone a great glow
everyone said my skin was glowing
truly does give your skin some radiance
my face has never looked brighter
my skin is super bright
it is definitely a brightening
this has a very lightweight texture
this serum has made my skin smooth
my skin does look dewier
my skin looks much much brighter and very even.
it goes on very smooth on skin.
this makes my skin so radiant
instantaneously noticed a difference in how supple
smooth my skin became
i am noticing very smooth skin
my face was brighter
the texture of my skin was smoother
this makes me glow and helps with discoloration.
my skin looks noticeably brighter
the texture is perfect.
plumped it a little bit
my overall skin tone improved
it improved the feel of my skin
skin is tone and glowing.
i think my skin looks smoother
my skin feels really smooth.
my skin looks 10 years younger!
texture of my skin has improved
my skin is bright and more radiant than ever!
leaves my skin looking somehow plumped
my skin looks a little smoother
my skin looks brighter
i like how my skin looks
makes my skin very ruddy
this product really brightens my skin.
really brightens the face as well.
my skin us smoother, firmer, younger.
definitely made my skin smoother
it make my face brighter
my skin looked surprisingly smoother
paints a super gorgeous picture
my skin looked more even toned
my skin looked smoother
my skin looks brighter
my skin has completely transformed
my skin is smoother
my skin looks great
brightened my skin tone
improved that elusive thing called "radiance
my face is clean and smooth and beautiful.
finishes as a smooth potion on my face
my skin looks fresh and clean and spotless!!
my skin looks radiant
it's light and makes my skin feel so smooth.
it does make me look glowy like i just had a facial
my skin feels smoother
this has only helped my complexion
my skin is smooth
the results r amazing fine lines are slowly disappearing complexion brighter overall skin tone definitely improved i have extremely dry skin
the silky texture is between a gel
it was silky on my skin
it looks like a gel
the effect on my skin was amazing- smooth
my skin looks clear
my skin looks clear and bright.
my skin looks amazing
adds a beautiful luminosity to my skin
this cleanser has revolutionized the texture of my skin from rough
this cleanser has smoothed out the texture of my scar to the texture of the rest of my skin
it also has firmed and brightened my skin.
color change is awesome
my skin feels so smooth
my skin texture is so smooth
i wanted something i could use every day for a brighter fresher complexion
the color changes into a true orange color
evened out my skin tone
it makes your skin smooth
skin is smooth like silk
my face immediately felt whiter
i wanted to get a mask that really brightened by sometimes-dull-looking skin
after use my skin is glowing and soft.
my skin tone is evened out
my face is visibly brighter
makes my skin feel wonderful
it evens out my skin color
it's evened my skin tone
it gives you a glow
the tingling bubbling sensation this mask gives is awesome
your face looks refreshed
my skin looks amazing after
really brightens up and evens out my 40+yo skin.
instantly adds brightness and re-energizes skin.
gives me an instant perfect glow
you can have brighter skin
i can see my face has a beautiful glow
leaves it looking matte
the mask leaves my skin brighter
my face felt smoother and seemed brighter after.
my skin looks nicer already
refreshing sensation it leaves on the skin
plus, it makes skin look rejuvenated and bright.
my skin feels smooth
my skin is glowing
perfect for combination skin!
feels refreshing on the skin.
it really improves the roughness of my skin
the eye balm is perfect.
creates a flawless lasting finish
it just gels back over to the perfect bouncy appearance it was before you touched it i'm thinking my goodness this is flubber
my skin looks more radiant
glowing skin, even tone and pores smaller.
my skin looks glowing
first aid beauty will feel a little greasy
feels great and soaks in wonderfully.
it's helped with evening my skin tone
an amazing glow to my skin
my skin is clearer
there is definitely a glow
feeling much more confident due to the radiant finish of this serum
my skin is more cleaner
it goes on smooth
my skin looks visibly smoother
more glowing after use
it is silky smooth
it really did give my skin a glow
my skin looks more even and brighter.
love the texture and the way this reflects light.
on deeper skin tones, it turns almost golden.
makes my face instantly brighter
do like the shimmering effect it gives me a natural glow
has little bits of shimmer in it
the shimmer combined with the thicker
spf moisturizer really seems to blur out the unevenness of my face
if a light shimmer isn't for you
it just gives you a bit of a glow.
if you want get porcelain smooth skin
a glowing complexion this is your product
makes my foundation look flawless
works very well to refine my skin texture
it definitely made my makeup go on smoother
see more of a glow in my skin
after a few uses i definitely noticed brighter skin
my skin has never looked so fresh and bright.
it leaves my skin really smooth
brightens it as well
it leaves my skin so nice and smooth.
brings out a smooth natural skin finish
my face is so smooth
my skin feels balanced
it felt really rough to my face even with the gentlest exfoliating circular motion
my skin is brighter
making my skin so smooth
not only making my skin appear smoother
my skin is brighter
my skin is so smooth
the moisturizer i us over it just glides on smoothly
leaves my skin super soft and refreshed!
it's worth it to have glowingly beautiful skin
my skin is so much brighter
my skin is so silky
although a tiny bit grittier
glowing skin then buy this
it left my skin smooth and bright.
definitely leaves my skin glowing
skin was left bright and glowing.
my face felt so soft and revealed a nice glow.
my skin was glowing and so smooth.
leaves your skin silky smooth
it even gives it a bit of a glow
my skin looks flawless and minimized pores.
now my skin is glowing
the cream feels smooth, kind of like primer.
this product made my skin so flawless.
my makeup glides on.
makes your skin way smoother
how it goes on smooth on my skin
the texture has improved
skin tone is more even and bright.
more radiant starting from week 2
my skin looks clear
skin that could be smoother textured
my skin is overall more even toned
my skin actually feels smooth there!
my foundation goes on smoother
my complexion is clearer
my skin's texture was smoother
everyday my skin looks a little better
my skin is the smoothest its ever been
skin just looks a little tighter.
it's perfect, my skin glows and is so smooth!!
really blurs out all imperfection
in that short time my skin looked radiant
it makes my skin super smooth
i woke with beautiful radiant and glowing skin.
radiant as it should be
within a week my skin appeared smoother
my skin is smooth
my complexion so even
bright my skin was
back then i was getting compliments of how much my skin glowed
my skin is silky smooth
i'll update if my pores start to look better
my skin is perfect
my skin is so smooth
it feels very silky on the skin
the more matte the better for me
my 43 year old skin is noticeably smoother
immaculate foundation over to this serum
my skin feels softer and it's smoother as well.
within two uses my skin is smoother
my skin is starting to look smoother
clarity this mask gives is amazing
i love the way it feels soothing
my skin tone looks more even.
the texture of my skin is smoother to touch
really helps reveal radiant skin
i looked younger, healthier, and brighter!
you are left with beautiful skin
i prefer this mask to glam glow masks.
the color is really nice
my skin adores it
your skin immediately looks extremely bright
my skin just overall looked smoother
it did brighten my skin
my skin looked fresher
my skin glows after this mask
it made my skin look smooth and more healthy.
i noticed brighter, firmer more radiant skin.
my skin felt clearer and smoother.
the next morning my complexion did look brighten
makes the hair look brighter and healthier.
this serum has completely changed my complexion.
my skin is brighter and my pores are smaller too.
my skin looks like it's glowing
it's made me feel like my redness has toned down a lot
my texture is incredibley smooth
my skin looks mor taut
my skin tone is evened.
my skin is smoother.
my skin does look smoother and brighter.
even after one use my skin looked more radiant
my skin is more radiant
seems to be more tone
my skin instantly looked fresh.
this serum brightens my skin
i feel like i'm glowing without looking greasy.
my skin looks more even-toned
my complexions is so glow-y!
my skin is truly glowing!
most of all gives me this healthy glow
refreshed my eyes look
i also feel my eye area looks brighter
the eye she put it on looked visibly smoother
they are definitely smoother
and my make-up looks smooth again.
my eye area is noticeably smoother and brighter.
i love the texture and how it makes my skin feel.
this primer is very smooth
creates a nice canvas for my foundation
it definitely helps me achieve that air brushed non cakey look
the bobbi brown blends in a little easier.
giving a very smooth finish
it performs beautifully on all
smooth it over my whole face
your foundation will glide on so nicely
gives a matte smooth as silk finish.
make-up looks flawless whether it is a cc cream or a powder foundation
it leaves a beautiful finish on my skin.
it makes the skin feel so plump and fresh.
i love that it gives a bit of a glow after applying
it was a little smoother
skin glows but is not oily.
has an amazing non-greasy texture
my skin is so bright
this cream goes on smoothly
this is beautifully smooth
my skin feels softer smoother with a nice glow not shiny
it is a balm so the texture is thick
the texture is quite strange
it can make my eye makeup look splotchy
it also feels like whipped silk--very lovely texture
the thick texture really stays on
my under eye area is considerably smoother
my under eye area is smoother.
more rested eye contour
the skin in my orbital area feels dewy for the whole day
softens under my eyes really well
my eyeshadows go on so much better with my eyelids so smooth
my eyelids seem smoother which makes putting the make up on easier
my eye area is smooth.
there is significant lightness
evenness to the skin tone
my complexion is more luminous too.
really improves skin tone
the texture is smooth and not heavy.
it improved the texture of my skin
my face feels so soft and looks radiant.
think it makes my complexion brighter
this has completely brightened my complexion
this creme has lightened it significantly
love the bright & smooth complexion it gave me.
my face looks better
i definitely notice a more luminous complexion
left my skin feeling velvety
this will change the texture
it feels so luxurious on the skin
this glides on and makes my skin feel softer !
i noticed it did brighten up my skin
it does feel smoother
excellent for dry skin
an overall improvement on my skin texture
i wake up w/ bright healed smooth matte skin due to it sinking into the skin
the result is a glowy
my skin feels brighter
my skin is glowing
some texture i don't like
looks very even-toned
my skin is completely smooth!!
my skin has never looked smoother or brighter
my skin looks youthful
i wake up with beautiful skin
even-toned skin that frankly looks amazing at my age
i loved how it made my skin glow
the way my skin looks
my skin is supple
struggle tremendously with texture
it works magic on my skin
i wake up and have glowing healthy baby skin.
the next day my skin is super smooth
it's helped smooth my uneven skin out
i wake up with the most radiant skin
this stuff made my skin look absolutely gorgeous
my skin's texture improved - appearing smoother.
my complexion is more even
healthy my skin looked
gives my skin an instant glow
my fine lines looked smoother
but i feel like my face glows a lot more.
my skin is more even toned
it gave me a youthful glowing from within look
my skin's texture is much more even
i longed to wear a thin layer of foundation or maybe even bb cream
the texture has evened out
skin is brighter, softer and more even toned.
i woke up to my skin looking clearer and softer.
i've notice that my complexion is looking a lot healthier
texture is more even
it's tight, yet luminous, supple and balanced.
this oil has also made my skin look so smooth
my texture is better than ever
it brightened up my skin
in the morning my face litearally looks flawless
my skin has brightened
i wake up to baby soft, radiant skin.
this leaves my skin clearer
your face looks more luminous the next day
my skin feels plump
i'll definitely try other hydra sparkle products
the textural difference is noticeable
it made my skin smooth
my skin has totally transformed.
look so much more youthful
my skin looks brighter after 2 weeks.
my face was so plumped, bright, youthful again.
it's a lovely formulation that really makes skin glowy
i find that it is helping to make my skin look more radiant
it helps foundation to glide on seamlessly too.
also brighten my face
within 2 weeks i feel my skin is plumper/firmer
leaves my skin feeling silky
more balance in my skin tone
along with an overall radiance
the texture of my skin feels much smoother
the texture is really light
has made my skin more luminous
my skin is now a lot brighter
wow my skin looks amazing
my skin feels more balanced
overall my skin just looks brighter
my skin looks clearer, calm, and more radiant.
i noticed that my skin was more supple
made my skin more vibrant
my skin is much brighter
it was so bright and vibrant also.
my overall skin look/evenness improved dramatically
my skin looks healthier
my face is smoother and softer.
and my skin looks amazing!
texture of my skin has improved greatly
my jawline appears somewhat firmer
my skin instantly looked brighter
i noticed my skin became smoother
leaving me with a radiant complexion
the texture is pleasant
my skin would be flawless
my skin is in good shape
my oiliness seems to be under better control
my skin already looks brighter
didn't feel the usual roughness on my cheeks
it glides on super easy
my complexion is completely changing.
my skin looks smooth and even.
it is so weightless and comfortable to use.
brightness i mean everything
uneven texture as a result
made my skin super smooth
love, it makes your face soft and smooth.
it leaves my skin soft and glowing.
skin tone so even and wrinkles by my eyes faded.
smooth with increased brightness
had a uneven skin tone on my face
now i have a smoother
while texture has improved
it does cause a slight peeling that leaves fresh new skin that glows
my skin texture seems to be improving greatly.
my skin is noticeably brighter
over time this product does certainly improve my skins texture
the tone of my skin also has improved.
my skin tone was brighter
my skin is super smooth
my skin feels so much smoother.
smoother and more even skin.
it helps with texture
i love when my skin is glowing.
my skin is smoother, more even tone and brighter.
this has made my skin brighter
it feels slightly tauter
my skin does look brighter
in the short term using this makes my skin glow
it looks younger and smoother.
it totally transformed my skin
using this trio religiously has helped to smooth out the texture of my skin
my skin's texture has completely changed
helping with my overall skin tone
can already see my skin is brighter
it finally is becoming a more smooth texture
my skin texture went from flaky to smooth
it blurs and makes my skin look amazing!
my skin is baby smooth
it makes your skin so smooth
it's such a smooth texture
which is perfect for me given my skin color
it gives a very smooth and sheer finished look.
making you skin look flawless
the texture is perfect
my foundation glides on
the finish is matte
gives me good sun coverage
leaves my skin smooth
it also perfects your skin
make up glides over smoothly.
it really is invisible, and blends in perfectly.
it makes the skin very velvety feeling
got a lot of compliments on how smooth my skin looked
it does blur a bit of my imperfections
i love the texture on my skin applied with bblender
doesn't make me paler
my makeup looks perfect
matte all day long
makes an even canvas for foundation
it's smooth and silky and feels light on my skin.
creates a nice canvas for your foundation.
this is better than the ysl blurring primer with the gold sparkles
my skin looks great
especially when your skin starts to look more smooth
my makeup sits very nicely overtop of it
it goes on smooth and sheer.
it really feels invisible and matte.
the murad invisiblur instantly reminds with its gel-like consistency on the smashbox photo finish primer
this acts as a fantastic primer that will improve your complexion
the texture of your skin
it feels like silk on your skin
i prefer a matte face, and this delivers.
it makes my skin smooth
literally blurs my skin like it says
smooth,silky transparent gold.
makes your skin feel beautiful under your foundation
it really keeps my face matte all day
my skin tone looks so even after a month of use
this has a light silicone texture
this product really blurs the imperfections
it makes my makeup look so flawless
it goeson smooth like a primer
it creates a smooth canvas for foundation or a soft appearance for no makeup
my skin is fine except for a little dullness.
it gives me a matte finish
this product gives your skin a nice matte finish.
my skin is smooth
matte canvas for my foundation
this primer leaves a beautiful finish
glowing skin at my age
my makeup glides on.
mattes my trouble areas beautifully
my skin feels smoother
it evens out the texture of my skin so that my foundation application looks flawless
my skin feels so much better and smoother.
the texture is very light
my makeup looks flawless
it it adds that sought-after glow
amazing amazing lightweight texture
give a smooth look to the skin
it feels very smooth
these two products together give me flawless matte finish
my combination skin feels balanced
it just looks like your skin has a healthy glow
wow does makeup glide over it so smoothly
makes my skin baby smooth
it keeps me matte all day
my makeup still looks flawless
my make looks oily
helps me stay matte all day!
it works like a charm and super gentle.
my skin stays both matte
chin smooth with little to no shine
it keeps my skin matte even on humid days
it left my skin matte
light gel texture with a nice natural finish
plumping it almost feels like a primer
while it does make my skin look slightly shinier at first
after i set with powder my skin both looks matte
keeps my face matte all day
it feels so light & refreshing.
it gives a glow while providing very light moisture
love the matte look
it makes my skin look flawless
it makes me look radiant all day
one other product my skin looks flawless
it is wonderful for blurring
this would be excellent for oilier skins!
goes on like silk, blends in really well.
step in your beauty regimen that is sure to blur the appearance of pores
smoothed my skin all day
uneven texture if you got close
my skin looks airbrushed and it stays.
i love the airbrush finish this product givesi love the hint of color this product givesi love the way it fills fine lines
all my friend tells me that the skin around my eyes looks brighter
it definitely made my skin smooth and glowing.
brightens up your eyes!
it instantly brightens the under eye area
helped with smoothness/bags
super soothing and nice for the eye.
even on very textured
my eyes look bright
it instantly made my under eyes incredible bright
even lightens under eye
made it feel dewy
my face is smoother
this stuff makes me feel like a moisturized goddess
i definitely like the moisture level this cream provides my skin
my skin firmed up
supple feeling that this one does
this works wonders with my dry patches without accentuating my oiliness
my skin is a lot clearer now, soft, and glowy.
my skin looks more glowy
its lightweight and glides on the skin.
this marvelous cream instantly soothes
this cream is light and comfortable.
it is really changing the texture of my skin.
it feels more bouncy
look dewy fresh all day
it is very smooth
made my skin feel supple
i returned the glam glow mask because it was $70
my face is still glowy
when applying this before foundation it keeps the skin looking smooth
my cheeks had their own color!
my skin is very shiny
leaves my skin balanced
this really improved the quality/moisture in my skin
feels like satin going on
my skin is noticeably more healthy looking
this leaves my skin so smooth
it gives me a smooth canvas for my makeup all day
i wake up with dewy
my cheeks were back to my normal skin color
the combo really helps my skin
my skin was glowing
i love how silky it feels on my skin
my makeup glides onto my skin 100x better
super creamy, a little goes a very long way.
the consistency is just like the name: milky
not dewy for me
this is very smooth
i wake up with the smoothest
it gives your face a nice glow.
makes my skin look smooth and dewy!
leaves my skin plump
the aqua bomb gives enough hydration that it makes my face feel very smooth
makes my skin looked polished
my skin was brighter
gives it a glow while not being greasy
it makes makeup glide on
this has completely changed the texture of my skin
my skin looks younger
despite the gel cream's light consistency
my skin has never looked so radiant
amazing for oily skin!
refreshing sensation on the skin that makes it feel luxurious
i didn't give it 5 stars just because it doesn't improve my uneven textured skin or my dark spots
it has improved the elasticity of my skin
refreshing on your skin
it makes my skin look
the texture is so smooth
helps with my complexion
my makeup looks amazing overtop
doesn't leave the skin shiny
keeps my skin smooth
it balanced my skin perfectly
perfectly ligh on the skin
radiant through out the day
also the texture of my skin is a lot smoother.
keeps your face looking dewy for hours
a little illuminator for a nice glow
perfect for oily skin.
my skin is radiant
stays glowing all day
it's a nice lightweight blue gel
it has a light texture that doesn't make me breakout
amazing, amazing, amazing for oily skin.
perfect for combination skin
the texture is really unique
it is very lightweight, creamy and smooth.
i still have a nice glow
my skin is noticeably much smoother
i feel like my skin is glowing after using this!
the texture is just so enjoyable--rich
my skin looked soft, bright, and clear.
that kind of made me to buy this brightening mask
instantly after i applied it to my neck i felt smoother
keeps eye area smooth.
the texture is in between heavy
this eye creme is fantastic!
i do feel like my complexion is brighter as well.
nice light feel that absorbs well
not going to brighten to dazzling levels
i love everything about this brightening "mask".
every morning my face has a beautiful glow
my skin is glowing the morning
woke up with a glowing complexion.
i wake up to a very glowing and brightened skin.
it seems to brighten my overall complexion
more supple in the morning
wonderful results on my skin
after one use it made my skin brighter
my skin was brighter
i definitely notice that my skin is smoother
my face looks brighter each morning.
for the brightening side
my face is soft and glowing.
the skin underneath was radiant
the consistency is very thin
makes my face smoother
commented on how smooth my skin looked
this makes my skin so smooth.
my skin feels and looks radiant afterward.
my skin is already looking brighter
left my skin looking amazing!
makes my skin bright, soft and redefined.
made my oiliness much less
my skin is glowing afterwards
my skin looks clearer overall too.
it really promotes restoring radiance
my skin looks clearer and feels so nice.
it evened skin tone
it glides on smoothly
makes my skin smooth
my skin feels plump
leaves the skin smooth
it has balanced my skin beautifully.
get brighter as well
plumps the eyes beautifully
this product goes on smooth
brighten my under eyes
it's made my tiny little eye wrinkles more smooth
u will feel the slight heat sensation
it visually improves the eye area.
i am the pensive type
always needed to use an undereye color corrector
goes on smooth, non-irritating.
the texture around my eyes look
it also gives your skin a subtle glow which looks natural
i needed some pink for my sallow skin
the "rosy glow" is perfect
saw it comes with a tint to them
and honestly, it barely gives a tint.
it gives more of a glow!
it gives such a wonderful lightweight yet effective moisturized feel to my face
just the slightest glow that looks great under my makeup
the golden glow left my skin healthy looking
this does have a shimmer to it
light and gives you highlights on your skin.
it made my skin look radiant!
it is not sparkly
does give a bit of shimmer
it has a slight shimmer to it
just gives it a healthy glow
in my opinion the sparkle is subtle
all in all a nice average moisturizer that will make your skin look a little brighter
i would like to try the rosy glow
it does have a glow to it which
yes there is shimmer.
even a tad more radiant
dull my skin looks in the winter
brightens, evens out my rosy skin.
my skin is brighter
i buy the gold toned one as i already have very rosy skin
makes my skin feel so smooth with a very subtle glow
this ultra-light cream has a shimmer to it straight out of the tube
it works to brighten the face
make your skin glow rather than sparkle
it really does make my skin look more bright
it gives me a glow
my makeup looks flawless all day
it also gives a nice glow.
it made my skin appear brighter
sizes in golden glow
there's no glitter noticeable
i've also read online that the rosy glow one doesn't have as much shimmer
the consistency is light
i love the glow it creates.
gives my skin a healthy glow
it's nice to start the day off luminous
gives a perfect glow to my skin
left my skin looking plumped
leaves my skin plump
makes my skin feel super smooth
my skin looks plump
my skin is not only silky smooth
my skin was radiant
my skin adores it!
even out skin tone
my skin always feels smoother
looks brighter after using this product
my skin was more brighter
honestly help with the texture
i swear my skin looks better
my skin is glowing, dewy, and looks so healthy.
confident to just color in my brows
has my skin feeling beautiful
this thing not only brightened my skin
this helps calm my skin down
i look so luminous now with this in my routine
my skin has felt plumper
more even skin tone
my skin has a certain glow.
plus it makes my skin look amazingly
it has changed my skin texture
brightness in the morning
i pair it with the powercleanse mask for flawless skin
makes my skin squeaky clean.
leaves my skin feeling smooth and refreshed.
my skin looks better than ever
eventually my skin gets better and healthier.
the gel comes out beautifully
in the morning my skin is glowing
i love the way this brightens my face
the clay is super smooth
i first tried the white glam glow face wash
i've always been a huge fan of glam glow
it has made my skin look brighter
velvety smooth as advertised
my skin hasn't looks better
gives my complexion life
my skin looks bright
this wash gives me bright
my skin looks so bright
then first aid beauty's radiant sleeping facial
it made my skin so bright
glam glow products are fantastic.
my complexion is so clear
my skin looks vibrant
my skin looks cleaner
brighter every time i use it
i like the smoothness i receive from it!
my face looks so much cleaner & healthier!
supple after one use
silky smooth throughout the day
texture for my skin
it made it glide very nicely on my face
it leaves your skin feeling silky smooth.
make it glow with health
my skin completely transformed
with this product it gave me a perfect glow
it doesn't leave my skin greasy it just smoothed out my texture
gives my skin a lovely finish
the combo looks flawless
its helped the texture of my skin big time
my skin does feel smoother
it really does make my skin appear much smoother
helps give radiant skin.
it's made my skin softer and brighter.
makes your skin so soft and dewy.
it gives an amazing glow tot he skin4.
this oil blend is slightly lighter in texture than the
i love how it leaves a velvet soft finish on my face
my skin looks great
my skin looks noticeably healthier
the blur effect is perfect- subtle
it gives a matte finish
my skin looks so smooth
great layered under foundation.
it gives a matte finish to my foundation without piling
longevity of a great skin blurring primer
with spf which my aging skin loves.
it's feels velvety and smooth on my face.
don't mind the slight whitening others mention--imo more of a pale pink cast
leaves my sensitive skin silky smooth
keeps me matte all day
i get so many compliments on my complexion!!
it does a really good job of blurring imperfections
this glorious magic cream gives me 12 hours of perfection with zero touch ups
the texture is airy
feels smooth on the skin and works as promised.
it really does blur your complexion.
it has a whipped, light texture.
it really does make your skin look smooth
this makes my skin feel like velvet
it actually leaves me with a natural-looking matte finish
it blends smoothly into my skin
this cream glides on with ease
makes my skin so smooth
evens out any texture
gives tan skin a pale violet hue
have evens gotten compliments on my skin tone
my skin is smooth
makes your skin look great
it works perfectly for my combination skin.
make you look a little ghostly
my skin just feels balanced and super healthy.
it will give you a nice matte finish
the texture is not quite as nice as the cream
and blends wonderfully into the skin.
leaves your skin lush
has a whipped like texture
i would describe my skin tone as golden-tan
it brightens combination skin
smoothness on my skin after using it twice
it feels so smooth, not greasy.
best at keeping skin matte
it leaves my skin smooth and bright.
this mask feels amazing in the skin.
makes me feel flawless
my skin was impeccably smooth
could be a dupe for the glam glow mask
it has helped the texture of my skin so much
leaves your skin feeling matte
it also leaves your skin baby smooth
it did tingle my skin for about 2-3mins
it makes my skin smooth, matte and pore-free!
very gritty and grainy in texture.
i just feel like it smooths my skin a bit more
it makes my skin feel so smooth
my face felt smoother
my face looks brighter
the texture is a little weird at first
better than the other glam glow mask i tried
leaves you with a smooth finish
focus on the effects of this mask which are for me brighter glow
the feeling of smooth skin
overall my skin looks much brighter
rosy in such a good way, glowing, fresh.
it makes your face look clearer
you receive slightly more product than the glam glow version
it has made my pores smaller and face smoother!
it reminds me of the white glam glow
it really evens out skin tone
its comparable to the glam glow mask in how well it works
my skin looks better than ever
i love my glam glow face mask
love it, keeps my face smooth
my skin looks so good and so refreshed.
my complexion was bright
this mask is nearly indentical to the glam glow
go to sephora to get the glam glow mask
a lot of people are comparing this to the glam glow mask
this mask is perfect
it gets a little more glowy
it leaves my skin even-toned
or just need a boost of glow
gives my skin a nice glow
it brightens my skin instantly
has a very strong tingle
my face looks brighter
it seemed like my skin felt brighter
it leaves my skin looking flawless and smooth.
smoothes/brightens my skin immediately after 1 use
after using this product my skin is luminous
it gives me a very nice glow
it evens my skin tone
this one did not add radiance to the skin like the ptr
giving my skin a refreshed glow
it left my skin feeling wonderfully smooth
my skin glows after using it.
it noticeably plumps them
my skin ends up dewy
leaves skin like a baby's
makes my skin looking so healthy next morning!
it really makes my skin glow the next day
made my skin silky soft!
it genuinely warms so nicely
it make my skin smooth
leaves my skin really smooth
has more of a glow to it
my skin is bright and smooth and healthier.
it has made my skin so much more radiant
skin has a nice glow after one week use.
balanced my skin feels the next morning
texture are more refined
my skin seems brighter
the texture is so soft
my skin is radiant and so soft!
my skin feels like velvet
my skin is glowing
my skin is absolutely radiant now
it really evened my skintone
you wake up to radiant skin
my skin is radiant and smooth.
is wonderful for dry skin
this product is very brightening.
my skin looks more even
my skin looks amazing
the overall appearance to my skin is brighter
my skin feels fresher and brighter since using.
seemed really greasy vs oily as a texture.
my skin just looks amazing instantly after applying
my skin looked plump
my face actually looked brighter
it didn't give me this radiance
glowy in the morning
my skin looks brighter
my skin was dewy
this morning my skin looked amazing
skin looks great in the morning
my skin definitely looks smoother
i wake up with fabulous skin
always wake up looking radiant
my skin is brighter and more radiant each day.
it also helps with radiance
it makes your face look refreshed
my face was instantly brighter
it not only rejuvenates dull tired skin
my skin looks brighter
my fine lines look plumper
the best part is it made my skin look so fresh with a rosy glow to my cheeks
refreshes skin, leaves it glowing.
makes your skin glow
immediately makes your skin so vibrant
my skin looks amazing
my skin was silky smooth
it is so smooth and glowing!
my skin looks bright
a noticeable glow with every use.
i definitely looked refreshed
it makes my skin glow!
it leaves my skin so glowy
works very quickly, leaves skin clean and bright!
it leaves your skin flawless!
bubbly sensation feels great
looks radiant when i wash it off
afterwards my skin glowed
my skin looked more even and brighter.
my skin looked enriched
luminous after one use
my skin looked glowy
leaves skin silky smooth
skins look more even
makes my complexion look awesome.
the texture is gelcream like
goes on super smooth
i love how dewy fresh and young my skin looks!!
it has totally smoothed out my skin
it made my skin looking glowing
so light and makes my skin so smooth.
i love it under my makeup cause it really makes my skin glow
evens out my skin tone
i feel like it definitely faded some of my wrinkles
also gives me radiance
leaves my skin looking smooth
my skin is smoother
my dry skin feels smooth
my skin looks dewy
my face is so smooth & firm.
texture in my skin
my skin looks amazing
the texture is lightweight
it makes your skin glow
my skin feels so silky and beautiful.
i've noticed the texture of my skin is a lot better
it leaves a lovely glow
evened out my skin-tone
i could see the glycolic glow diminish
my skin texture looks better
my forehead literally looks smoother and normal.
use the heavier comforting cream
perfect under makeup or for night time moister
it has made my skin brighter
supple after one time of using it
this is a nice lightweight cream that works instantly
the texture is soft
it has a whipped like texture
my skin is smooth
it gives my skin a healthy glow
my face was instantly smoother and even tighter.
skin always looks super clean
it has an excellent texture
the more radiant my skin looked
my skin is a lot smoother
i really like how my skin brightens up after every use
gives it a nice glow
your skin will be luminescent
it gives skin this luminous quality
i see the rosiness of the mask color give my skin an instant rosy
not only is it a gorgeous colour my skin has never been this smooth
it was so smooth
left my skin soft and glowing.
my skin appeared brighter
my skin texture looked so much better
my skin felt smooth.
also gives a bit of a glow!
makes your skin look so beautiful
definitely made my skin look brighter after one use
refreshing on the skin
my skin is so much smoother after using this
it makes my skin look like it's glowing
my skin looks rejuvenated
it reminded me a lot of the glam glow mask
tighten skin looked really refreshed
the consistency of the mask
warm water to reveal a rejuvenated complexion that will hopefully draw a smile when you look at your reflection in the mirror
i found my skin tone more balanced
evened my skin tone
my skin looked much brighter after each use
i like the way my face brightens after using it
the glam glow one
this one by far beats glam glow
my skin looked amazing!!!
my skin looked amazing
my skin was smooth
amazing i've never seen my skin glow like this
this smoothed my skin
it is not as intense as glam glow
i feel this mask really improves my skin.
my skin was smoother and less red from blemishes.
it seriously brightened my skin
its a pretty light pink color
i love the texture goes on smoothly
my skin is glowing and my pores are tighter.
tried the glam glow clearing mask
makes the skin calm
glow it gave me
create a nice smooth texture
gives you that flawless "glow
it gives my skin an instant look of radiance
left my skin smooth
my complexion was smoother
my skin feels brand new and refreshed.
i love how this mask is smooth
not lumpy like how the glam glow tingle exfoliate is
make the application even smoother
makes your face crystal clear
this mask has a very smooth texture.
it gives me a soothing
my skin is brightened
it makes my skin immediately feel smooth
my skin looked brighter
supple for the rest of the entire week
my skin has an awesome glow to it
my skin is gorgeous
i get constant compliments on how beautiful my skin is
my skin tone looks more even
it just makes it feel so silky smooth
my whole face looks dewy fresh
minimizes pores and brightens complexion.
i love how my skin glows after i use this.
leaves a very greasy white cast
this serum lifts my your dull veil to reveal a brighter skin
my skin is definitely brighter
the texture had really improve
making it look very smooth
softens my face immensely
my skin is looking pretty flawless
this one from clinique is thinner
just feels silky smooth afterward.
my skin was much smoother in the morning
your skin instantly feels amazing
makes a big difference in my skin tone
left my skin velvety soft and clean.
instead, it's smooth and silky without being dry.
my overall skin tone is even
i didn't have a glow
it goes on smooth and silky.
my skin has regained elasticity
is more even toned
my face so smooth and flawless.
my skin is completely transformed.
it leaves my skin smooth supple
my skin just looked brighter
it is thick and goes on smooth.
i feel my skin glows
my skin looks radiant
my skin looks firmer
my face feels smooth
is more even toned
so clean skin complexion
my skin now feel super smooth and plump!
my skin feels smoother
it made my skin look so fresh
gave it a fresh glow
the gell texture is so cooling and great as well!
it's a nice thick gel texture
my skin felt smoother.
my skin looked plumper than usual
my complexion is much more even
gave a very cool relaxing effect
i love the way this product glides on
leaves my skin so smooth
it is very silky
my skin feels so smooth after
leaves skin smooth not tight.
the next morning my skin looks brighter
your skin is left feeling silky smooth
my complexion has improved with this method.
pros: becomes a nice milky consistency with water
works very well, face is smooth and clean
it is so smooth
it leaves my skin clean, silky and soft.
this on has a lighter texture that seems to work a bit better
glides smoothly around my skin
it makes you skin gorgeous.
skin is soft and clean and glowing.
it went from a waxy consistency to a really smooth oil
this is a surprisingly light-weight cream
it immediately makes your skin feel youthful
it does have a slightly dry texture
my face gets a dullness that this rectifies
like the way it makes my aging skin look
my skin is brighter
skin tone took on this dull
my complexion looks brighter.
this eye cream has helped minimize the coloration
s my overall smoothness
this product has my eyes looking bright
a lady at sephora told me to use very little eye cream to brighten
well on its way to my old smooth skin
makes my skin so smooth
my complexion is dull/uneven
helps your skin texture even out
my skin feels like silk after
my skin has an bright
it brightens my face as well
my skin also feels smoother and softer.
makes my skin feel brand new.
my skin looks so radiant is so smooth after every application
it helped with the texture on my cheeks aswell better
my makeup goes on better and looks less cakey.
my skin looks amazing
still leaves my skin supple
it is really smooth
my skin just glows
my skin looks even brighter now
i get this dewy, gorgeous look.
your complexion will love it too
"omg there is already a difference in the brightness of your skin
your skin looks amazing."
my skin looks refreshed
the texture is super-light
it really gives a nice glow
my skin looks amazing
it works wonderfully on my combination skin.
in one week my skin was transformed to natural glowy soft dewy look
i like the lightweight gel texture which leaves for a soothing
ends with a mattified smooth appearance on the face
felt much smoother after application
wears beautifully under make-up.
love how this softens my skin
cool gel, nice and light.
left my skin feeling crazy soft and glow-y.
this gives me a little glow
makes my skin look
i wake up with plumped skin
in the morning my skin felt smooth
its not greasy and leaves my skin dewy.
wake up with the smoothest skin
has made my skin more radiant
my skin looks fresh
it pretty much vanished the texture
my face has a glow to it
this one glides across your face beautifully
it glides on my skin nicely
30s compliment my skin
the texture in my skin
it brightens & tightens my skin.
my skin looks amazing
it truly brightens your skin tone
leaves my skin soft and radiant.
made my skin look so youthful
my skin appears brighter
my skin looks so clear
you want glowing healthy looking skin
my skin was more balanced in color
there are definitely strong tingles
makes it a lot brighter.
my skin is certainly smoother
this has made my skin smoother and less bumpy.
leaves it so smooth
i got the glam glow mini sample set
my skins glows and results are quick!
my skin felt so much smoother
it has definitely brightened my skin tone
it brightens your skin in almost 3 days
says your skin looks beautiful
this has really bought a beautiful glow to my skin
supple totally worth the money
smooth after i use this mask
they all complimented my skin
i definitely struggle texture
even looking glow to it
this mask definitely made my face brighter!
i've used other glam glow products that gave me breakouts
my skin definitely looks
the mask definitely does what it says: my skin looks even-toned
it helps give the skin a brighter look.
you get somewhat of a glow after use
i wouldn't consider this an instant brightening mask
has made my skin really smooth
give my complexion a boost
makes my face smoother
leaves the skin nice
it not only brightens
it looks radiant after several uses
exfoliated and brightened my skin in one use.
my skin was visually brighter in tone.
the texture was smoother
really did have a radiance to it
brightens my skin giving it a renewed
radiant boost i need
it tingles a little bit
so radiant and healthy looking.
it definitely gives a instant glow in just one use
gives skin a brightened appearance
this mask gave me a very healthy glow overall
truly brightened my skin within 3 uses.
it made my skin so beautiful.
it evens out the skin tone
and i absolutely love this brightening mask.
my skin is so glowy
this mask leaves my skin looking brighter
it leaves my skin brightened, smooth and soft!
my skin was visibly brighter
i like to pair it with the glam glow hydration mask afterwards
most beautiful skin in the morning
this has to be my absolute favorite glam glow mask
it just really gives my complexion
the mask smoothed out the texture of my skin
evened my skin tone
typically the lightest shade in foundation
my skin almost craves this mask now.
it brightened his face
made his skin look so much healthier
it gives me a visibly more balanced skin tone
my skin feels so smooth and bright.
love this mask for any skin type who needs a little brightening
and my skin looks amazing after using this mask.
my skin looked a little cleaner after
it really does brighten
i will have bright
this brightens my already lilly white skin so beautifully
and the texture is amazing!!
after the third night my skin is visibly brighter
the exfoliating properties even out the uneven texture of my skin leaving it with a subtle
it brightens your complexion like you just had a brightening facial done
i feel my pores tighten my skin is brighter
this has made my skin brighter softer clearer it minimized my pores got rid of blackheads it's just perfect
what it does is a fantastic job at brightening my medium-dark complexion
overall tone of my olive skin is improved
my skin is smoother
quick way to get beautiful skin
i especially like the fact that one side has a bit of a rougher texture for the purposes of exfoliating while the other side is smooth
i really like the 2 sides: rough vs smooth
he uneven texture of my face is no more
my skin feels smoother
it does wonders for smoothing my skin
perhaps that explains the rougher graininess.
the sheet has one side in texture
smooth on the other
rubbed the smooth side for the same
my face was smooth like a baby's
the smoothing side calmed my skin
the gritty side polishes my skin while the smooth side soothes
leaves my skin feeling like velvet!
it has one side that's smooth
it definitely has a shiny feel
this exfoliates well and brightens.
love using it when my skin looks dull.
take immaculate care of my skin
"well it looks clearer
tightens, smooths and makes your skin flawless.
my skin truly looked more luminous
my skin looks flawless
my skin looks better
feel so flawless after using it
makes your skin glow
my skin is completely smooth
glowing skin for a special event
this product makes my skin soo smooth.
my face was smoother, brighter, and lifted.
under eyes are much smoother
my skin looks and feels amazing.
i love the way it brightens my face almost instantly
it glided on my skin and has spf 30.
perfect for my skin
also, my complexion looks even toned and calm.
my skin feels a lot smoother
my skin also looks brighter
it still makes my skin look smoother than before
follow with makeup application my skin looks so flawless
has improved my texture
my skin was baby smooth
make it look healthier
glowing after winter made it very dull
i still have smooth skin
the day after i use this mask my skin looks flawless
my skin is so smooth
leaves skin feeling soft with a bit of a glow.
i like how i look in pink clay
it makes my skin look bright right away!
immediately my skin was smoother
feels great with minimal pore visibility
my complexion is glowing
make my skin smoother
my skin was perfectly smooth in texture
really helped my texture a lot
it makes my skin instantly smoother
gets rid of uneven texture
makes my skin feel super smooth
it evens my skin tone
my skin is smooth
the overall texture of my skin was evened out
my overall skin tone just much better
keeps my skin breakout-free
bright silkiness that is now your face
i feel like it does help with the texture of my skin
this made my skin smooth
this mask is nicer than your average clay mask-it just feels gentler on your skin
my skin feels completely smoothed
it helps even out skin tones
it makes my skin look buttery smooth & flawless!
it has made my skin look radiant after use
it really did improve the texture of my skin
makes your skin glow!
it makes my skin instantly smooth and soft.
my complexion looking amazing
my complexion less red
it makes my face smooth
helps me control the texture on my skin
makes your skin so smooth
even toned my skin is
my skintone is more even
definitely gives boost of radiance
for a bit of non-shiny radiance
it gives your skin a subtle radiance effect
had the most beautiful rosy hue
it gives your skin this amazing glow
micro sparkles make this serum special
made me look refreshed
boosts for a radiant younger look skin.
instantly brightens up the face
this is one of those products that does what it says of giving you a luminous radiance without looking like a disco ball
is so much lighter
this goes on smooth, gives skin a glow.
makes my skin look healthy
gives nice coverage for dark circles
it has a light texture and blends in well.
it leaves a little shine
(i have dark complexion)
goes on so smooth
it makes my skin look flawless
this one texture is very light
after just two uses of the pearl mask my skin looked brighter
my face is brighter, more plumped and has a glow.
it is very calming
my face looked radiant
i liked the texture too
my skin is smooth
i wake up with a natural glow
it gave me a beautiful glow!
they make your skin radiate
it made my face smoother
my face feels smooth
overall just looks even toned
my skin feels plump
i can see a difference in the brightness of my skin
it makes my face smooth
my biggest issue is my textured skin
the rose one brightens skin over night
evens my skin tone
it made my skin look so glowy and smooth !
i used the brightening
my skin was actually glowing
woke up to gorgeous skin
my skin was matte when i woke up
my skin was already glowing
my skin definitely looked brighter after each use
uses words like "luminous"
the texture was phenomenal
left my skin feeling super smooth and glowing.
i wake up with plump moisturized glowing skin
my skin looks so much smoother
i love the matte finish look it gives my skin.
my skin looks great!!
love how smooth and how my skin glows after use.
evens face tone and brightens amazingly well.
the pearl one made my skin feel
my complexion is glowing
pearl mask for a brighter complexion
with another day my skin was just radiant
makes my skin feel smooth
at first use, it makes your face very matte.
this keeps my face matte all day
it makes me feel matte all day!
my face feels matte and has a satin feel to it.
my skin soft with a slight powdery finish.
it feels super lightweight
it is so silky
leaves skin glowing wow
the kicker is my skin looks cleaner
the darker the pigment
it is amazing i'm of color combo skin
it keeps my eyes from feeling taut
takes off all of my complexion
i like the smooth texture
the texture of this eye cream is unique
it visibly helped brighten my eyes.
i feel it instantly brightens the area around my eyes
it really helps with puffy eyes
feels super comfy on the skin
made me look like i was glowing
my skin looks more even toned
my scars look lighter as well
highly recommended for a whiter
my skin got brighter
skin texture is improved as well
my skin tone is also visibly brighter!
it gives me an instant glow
they definitely lightened a fair bit
my skin looked brighter right away
you'll see the face bright
i love how silky smooth this mask is
leaves my skin glowing
makes my skin look good
my skin tone and texture were more even.
my cheeks appeared a bit more contoured
even more contoured than usual after makeup
i loved the smooth finish it gave me while priming my skin for makeup
try this and get the glow!
making my foundation look oh so flawless when applied
which gives my face a refreshed
made it extremely ceramic smooth
my face/ckeeks/nasolabial folds look kind of doughy/saggy/puffy
it made my skin look a lot healthier
really improved the texture of my skin
my skin has a subtle glow to it now
my skin's texture looks improved
makes my eyes smooth, and less noticeable lines.
improves the appearance of my eyes right away
the little bumps in the texture especially bumpy
my undereyes felt considerably smoother
i love the matte finish
silky texture my skin has after use
my eyes look brighter and more well rested.
it works great to brighten
perfect for dry skin
gives you a natural dewy finish
fair/light skin tone
it hydrates enough that my skin does not look textured under my foundation
her skin looks very smoothly
not a texture i wanted
it plumps the area nicely for a smooth skin appearance
my eyes are softer and smoother for sure.
it glides much better
my eyes are so smooth
under my eyes look smoother
the area feels smoother
you can see immediate results of a dewy finish
i love wearing this under my foundation or mixed in for a beautiful dewy glow
the radiance drops are the best thing to boost skin's radiance
get that dewy glowy look
also really great mixed in with foundation for dy skin or to look dewy
smooth to the touch skin
my foundation goes on so smooth
it helps give me a very dewy look
it blends with my skin flawlessly
you can add a few drops to your liquid foundation for a more dewy/glow like look
makes regular foundation very luminous.
instantly makes my foundation apply so effortlessly
makes my skin look so healthy
my undereyes are so radiant
it also made my foundation look more flawless
one drop for my creme contour palette is enough.
it gives a nice dewy
radiant glow without a greasy look
my foundation looked patchy
makes my highlight even more blinding
my skin looks glowing after i use it
it gives your skin a nice sheen/glow.
this helps calm my skin quicker
get the radiance drops as well
also have noticed more moisturized/smooth skin even without my makeup on
decided to go with the radiance variety
the finish is smooth
my skin has been amazingly smooth
my face looks more smooth
the radiance drops are a winner in my book
the radiance drops are a great option
so far both the radiance
this helps to calm my skin
my skin looks like it's glowing
the little bit that i did get to use gave me a beautiful brighten complexion
it makes my skin look glowy and healthy!
i mix this to my matte foundation
it goes on beautifully on my dry skin
my skin appears flawless.
i love the glow they give my skin when mixed with my foundation
my skin even looks clearer!
the finish leaves you plump
supple somewhat of a matte finish which i loved because i wear makeup everyday
goes on smooth as silk
my skin returns completely smooth within 30 minutes
my skin texture has improved
this has completely helped with texture
my skin is so much softer, smoother, and clearer.
this balances my skin perfectly.
as it improves skin texture
my skin texture has improved so much, i love it.
it's definitely improved my texture so much
it is a thick consistency
i could absolutely see/feel the difference in the matte quality of my skin
this doesn't slim your face "
the texture is too fun and enjoyable to touch.
super silky smooth formula that absorbs super fast
i love the matte finish
it even makes my pores look way less visible.
it leaves a clean matte finish
perfect for my sensitive oily complexion!
this bb cream matches my skin tone perfectly
great for cool toned skin tones
leaves my skin feeling polished
it leaves a nice glow to my face
this cream makes my skin feel wonderful
acts as a perfect foundation to keep my blush lasting all day
my skin is clearer, brighter, and softer.
i really feel like my skin looks clearer
gives your face a nice glow.
the cream gives you a brightness to your face
my skin looks more full
makes my skin look luminous
my skin usually looks dull
its very gentle and has the perfect consistency.
plus i can see my skin looks smoother
it makes my skin feel youthful
my skin soft, brighter and clear likely crystal.
my skin seems more radiant
leaves skin so smooth
my skin looks smoother
the texture is fabulous
my skin looks more plump
my skin looks even toned
my eye area is smooth
wears smooth all day
makes my eyes feel dewy
extremely soothing and refreshing for the skin.
the texture of this 'bounce moisturizer' is amazing
my skin has definitely been more radiant
i think my skin looks brighter after using this for about a month
sake balm seems to soothe and brightens my skin.
my skin is much more smooth
it feels so light-weight
the texture is very strange
has made my skin look better
my skin is glowing
has helped y complexion so much
the gel like consistency goes on so smoothly
i do find that my skin looks brighter
wake up with silky
it has smoothed out the texture of my skin
this balm does some serious brightening of skin tone
my skin is much brighter
when it says brightening
its a very lightweight texture which is perfect for my oily skin
make you look shiny
my skin is clearer
i recommend to anyone from oily to dry-combo that has dull or textured skin
i noticed my skin looked brighter
forehead are more vibrant
my skin looks great
once it dries the skin looks lovely
mproved the texture of my skin
it gives it such a nice glow
then noticed slight brightness
it makes it looks smooth also
i feel like it evened out my skin tone
my foundation goes on so smooth and perfect!
this balm may have a strange solid gel texture
i am 60 plus and this has brightened my skin.
my face also looks visibly brighter which is crazy
leaves it looking plump
your skin will glow
my skin has been brighter
my skin looks flawless
it seems to help my makeup go on smoother
its balanced my skin
it made my skin feel super smooth
since using this night cream my skin tone is more balanced
my complexion has never looked so good
feels refreshing and cool and helps depuff.
this works the best in brightening
does provide lovely moisturization throughout the day without irritation
my makeup glides over perfectly
it makes my undereyes appear brighter
i look more glowy on the eyes
i look healthy and not dull.
less puffy tan before
i love the texture as well.
skin texture surround eyes
my eyes feel refreshed and bright all day.
my eyes seem brighter no puffiness.
refreshing for the eyes
so, so impressed with this eye cream!
my eyes appear brighter
it is glass and makes me feel so refined!
i swear the look softer
the skin seems improved
this eye balm is just the right texture
superior moisture that goes on smooth
this eye cream is wonderful!
so smooth to put on.
the eyes look better
the eye balm was excellent in texture
makes the skin around my eyes look better
the texture of the cream is light weight
the texture is smooth with out feeling greasy.
this is a wonderful eye cream!
it is truly remarkable because my puffiness
the consistency is similar to the clinique eye cream: light
the immortelle eye balm is perfect
which is also surprisingly giving my skin a gorgeous glow
smooth it is worth it
my eyes look refreshed
eye area looks so smooth
light cream-like texture
it does make the skin under my eyes look smoother
this eye cream is really light
it glides right on
this cream produced a softer look around my eyes
leaves a youthful dewy-look to skin
my eyes just look brighter.
my eyes do seem refreshed
can make eye area very smooth
the cream goes on light and blends in well.
the eye blam has a soft texture that goes on smoothly
helps brighten my eyes with any irritation
it did make the skin around my eyes seem more vibrant
makes skin smooth and soft.
has a beautiful glow after
this felt so luxurious and smooth on my skin.
this feels like velvet on my skin
makes your skin all dewy and youthful.
makes my skin glowy
supple with everyday use
makes your skin glow
immortelle precious cream is like an instant facelift
he has slightly splotchy skin
it worked to even his skin tone
it leaves a nice matte finish
healthy glow to my skin
this cream is the perfect balance.
the texture is smooth
my skin does seem to be glowing more
so creamy and makes my skin feel wonderful!
my skin always looks more supple
brighter after i apply this luxuriant cream
my complexion is clear and my skin tone is even.
it is very moist, rich and very smooth.
my skin looks younger and brighter.
tells everyone its the secret to her lovely complexion
i swear my skin looks
silky on my skin
excellent product with a light feeling on the skin
overnight i see my complexion much brighter
blends into the skin wonderfully
it makes you feel confident in that your skin will be smooth
make it silky smooth
i woke to glowing skin
gave me a dewy softer complexion within a week
it makes your skin super silky.
this cream leaves your skin with a velvety touch.
love the velvety softness my skin feels afterwards
makes my skin just glow
i think it brightens my skin
makes it look healthy
calming, soothing, brightening, and super clean!
my face also looked radiant afterwards
it makes my skin moist and bright.
after i use it my skin is glowing
i noticed my face to have an almost marble texture after use
it made my skin glow
the mask is so refreshing
the cooling sensation felt amazing on my skin
it helps clear up blemishes
just makes my skin feel lovely
then feels very luxurious
i can feel the texture of my skin improve so much
this exfoliates my face like a dream
makeup go on like silk thanks to such smooth
have skin texture issue
they go on smoothly and feel creamy at first.
make my skin look great.
green clay seems to a strong contender for my all time favourites
improved the texture of my bumpy skin
my skin was brighter
it goes on smooth and my skin feels good.
this set is amazing for oily skin.
i feel like the tone
my skin looks amazing.
my skin looks great
your skin looks new
my skin is glows and looks refreshed.
skin feels very balanced.
my skin looks beautiful
my skin already looks smoother
it is creamy and a little goes a long way!
this along with the supple cream provides an excellent canvas for your foundation
am enjoying a more youthful face as a result
my skin has never looked more luminous
you're left with plump glowing skin
my skin looks airbrushed and is so smooth.
the texture is so smooth
the texture is thin, silky and gel like.
my skin feels so smooth
this product instantly made my skin so smooth
healthy looking with a hint of luminous finish
it made my combination skin look
feel flawless for days
but leaves you looking nice, glowy and fresh.
leaves my skin glowing
it does help brighten
it gives you a very nice glow
the iridescence makes it beautiful under make up
my skin seemed dull and not as plump.
my skin is plump
really makes the skin look beautiful
i've always had beautiful skin
texture is improved in 1 week
it improves skin texture
with an overall more smoothed out appearance
made it look extremely smooth
the texture feels great
my face was so smooth
perfect for the face
a plumper appearance to the skin
skin actually appeared smoother
these pads make my skin feel refreshed and toned.
make me skin look radiant
how my skin looks
make foundation look smooth
in all it made my skin feel plump and smooth.
it works much better than the thicker
i found it great to mix my foundation to give me a lighter dewy look
i love how it has some sparkle to it
it makes my skin look radiant.
my skin looks beautifully luminous after applying
this cream brings life to tired skin
this does what it says: gives you a pearly pinkish sheen
i love the youthful radiance it restores to my sometimes sleep deprived complexion
this is perfect for my combination skin
giving amazing petal soft skin
cream with a sheen starts my day off right!
gives a slight glow to my face
no more cakey face with foundation
this works great for puffy eyes
this eye cream feels like heaven on your eyes
the texture of my face
the texture changes from light
completely rejuvenating my eye area
it helps my dryness immensely
my skin was remarkably better in the morning
glowing my skin looked with this on
really makes your skin look dewy
has rather a slightly milky appearance
my skin is glowing
with this a color correcting primer i finally feel like my skin looks semi-normal
the polish is the first step
it makes my skin feel super smooth
my skin feels velvety smooth
helps add to my healthy glow
my skin looks amazing
this feels so luxurious
overall makes my skin look younger
i suppose i expected it to make my skin more radiant
it leaves my skin feeling supple
my skin is velvety soft
my skin is brighter
smoother skin after just one use
i get compliments on my glow regularly now.
it leaves my skin feels smooth
now it seems effortless
it prepares my skin
has given it a radiant glow in places i would normally wear highlighter
this stuff has really improved the texture of my skin
evens out my tone and texture.
leaves my skin smooth and glowing.
texture has improved a little
my skin texture has dramatically improved.
it has more radiance
overall my skin is very smooth.
looks healthier than ever
it has a nice texture
sun marked face more even toned
radiant after just one use
my skin looks amazing!
it also helps to smooth
the gel-cream texture is the perfect in between for intense
the texture took me a bit to get used to
it seemed to make my face glow
nothing but soft smooth cheeks!
have noticed smoother skin
yet gives perfect moisture
lays perfectly on my skin creating a flawless foundation application
it goes on smooth
i feel like my face looks brighter
minimized my uneven skin tone
it glides on silky smooth and isn't oily at all.
my skin looked fresh
my skin is incredible to touch
you can feel it with the texture
this one made my skin baby bottom smooth
it is amazing- the next day my skin looks glowy
leaves my skin feeling soft with a radiant glow
my skin looks radiant
my skin loves this mask
soothing on my skin
it makes me skin so smooth and refresh.
everyone's skin is different
smaller pores, rejuvenated texture, clarity.
this some how gave me a matte glow it's hard to explain
results immediately noticeable - velvety skin.
makes my skin look amazing
my skin felt smooth silky soft and very clean.
the color is a gray clay like color
this makes my face glowy, radiant, and smooth.
the color is a little odd
my glow was amazing my uneven skin specially around my jaw
radiant my skin looks
my skin looked glowy
i then use a touch of nars blush
my face looks younger.
the uneven skin tone
wake up with smooth skin
their eye cream is also fantastic.
this combo makes my skin look supple
i find it to work beautifully when used with a smoothing primer
my skin looks more even
best of all a smoother texture to the surface of my skin especially for my oily
gives you a matte finish
it makes for flawless
my skin is sooo radiant
my skin looks amazing
it's more evenly toned
makes your skin dewy / supple
it feels silky smooth
rise 'n shine looks kinda runny
in fact, it's made my skin softer and brighter.
my face became brighter
it makes my face glow
add a glow to their skin
after one bottle my skin is brighter
two that were darker have lightened enough that light foundation now covers them my skin looks flawless with foundation
makes my skin look so much brighter
it makes my skin glowy and radiant.
my skin looks amazing
it creates a seamless canvas for my make up
it made my skin glow
made it look healthier
prepares the skin beautifully for foundation application
makes my face have a smooth finish
my skin just looks glowing
i'll be using it under my foundation everyday for natural glow
upon first use my skin was glowing.
brightens my skin without overdrying
my skin glows with clarity
my skin looks brighter
nothing makes my skin glow quite like this oil.
also get that glow that people with perfect skin have
it instantly made my skin feel and look better!
perfect for combination skin.
i feel like my face has a glow to it as well!
herbivore's lapis oil keeps up with all my skins needs while making it calmer
has balanced my completely oily
my skin has become brighter
great for combo/oily skin!
glow of my skin has dramatically improved
helps even out my complexion
it is smooth everywhere
has such a nice glow now
my overall skin texture is completely changed.
my skin is smooth
my rough texture has completely disappeared
my face looks refreshing
leaves your skin glow-y
skin tone was amazing
my skin looks smoother
it also leaves your skin with the most beautiful glow
the texture of my skin is amazing
my skin instantly glows
four stars for natural, glory healthy oil.
my skin is glowing
my skin looks glowy without being greasy.
this honestly kept me matte with a velvet feel all day
my skin feels supple
even my foundation applies a lot smoother
i really enjoyed this facial oil.
the lapis oil feels lighter than a typical
ntrigued by its beautiful blue color
it helped balance my skin
but it works beautifully on my skin.
the color is gorgeous.
), color (no more splotches!)
makes my skin noticeably smoother
it helps me keep my skin beautiful
this face oil has the perfect texture
it feels really luxurious
keeps my skin clear and fresh.
this improved the texture of my skin
my skin looks more even
the lightweight texture is ideal for my sometimes oily skin
skin texture improves with use
i also struggle with texture and this helps too.
your skin will look so healthy.
my skin is glowing in the morning
gives me a lovely amazing glow that is not a greasy oily look
made an even skin tone
that my skin is seamless when i wake up
this makes my skin so supple and fresh looking!
improved the texture of my skin
it works beautifully under foundation
when used without make-up gives your skin a lovely healthy glow
it moisturizes and softens beautifully.
makes your skin glow
makes my skin look just flat it amazing
plump and glowing to be exact.
), color (no more splotches!)
love that it makes my skin look bright
goes on silky rather than greasy
my skin texture is smoother
my face is glowing
it makes my makeup look dewy
no breakouts, skin looks dewy and refreshed!
my skin looks good.
imparts a glow to my skin
my skin just glows
also adds a nice glow to my skin
now my skin glows!
also gives me a dewy
it made my skin so smooth
this kept my skin matte all day
all night -- my skin appears bright
healthy/glowing in the morning
my skin glows with a healthy radiance
almost creates a blurring effect to make your skin look brighter
i am always skeptical of brightening products
brighten your skin like nobody's business
my skin looks amazing immediately after using
add glow to my skin
my skin looks glowy
what an amazing discovery for making your skin fresher
the result is a glowing skin
it gives a slight tingle
skin is left soft and rosy!
feel far more smoothness on my face
it really did help my skin become brighter
it really does brighten my face
makes the texture soft
this mask definitely brightened the texture of my skin
brightens the look of skin quickly
that promise to give you the illuminating glow
this mask gives you that instant glow
this glorious face mask feels like such a luxury
with a slight tingly feel that feels refreshing
my skin looks more luminous than it ever has
i reach for brighten when i need a skin boost.
i like to get the brighten
it helps my acne and makes my face feel brighter!
your skin will feel smooth and revitalized.
perfect for my oily
this mask has done wonders for evening out my skin tone
much less textured than it was before
uneven toned skin could use improvement
best of all my complexion just looked brighter
my skin is smooth as a baby's
it has a nice tingle to it when applying
my skin was clear and flawless.
i think it definitely brightens
it leaves my skin so soft and glowing!
it does give a slight tingle
love the gel consistency
color of gel :p my face was super smooth
overall my skin looked healthier
i've noticed my skin is much brighter
my skin has felt smoother
eve makeup glide on better
takes care of any texture issues
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin was glowing all day
brightens my combination to oily skin
it always gives me an instant glow
after my skin was smooth
noticed that my skin is smoother
helps with brightening up the face
smoother skin from 3 uses
your face has an amazing healthy glow
it immediately felt smooth
my complexion looks amazing
my skin looks and feels so incredibly smooth.
this mask has improved the pigment of my skin
my skin looked so much healthier
skin tone is more even
the color and texture were pleasant.
it definitely made my face glow
my skin has never looked more smooth!
i feel as if my skin looks brighter
there's a bit of a sharpness to the scent at first
my skin looks soft and luminous and just amazing.
it's like having new soft smoother skin.
any texture has softened
my skin simply glows
making my skin look radiant
my skin is so smooth
skin was brighter, soooo smooth, and plump.
my skin looked clearer
it helps even out my skin tone.
a little amount brightened my skin
it does tingle a little
my skin is so smooth
has natural fresh-faced shine
smoothes out skin texture well
really helps to improve skin texture after a few uses
my skin has become so much smoother
this definetly feels like it smoothes
it turns from the vibrant cobalt to a blue green shade
i clild instantly see a more brightened complexion
this also immensely helped my skin texture!
brightens, clears, smoothes skin.
my makeup felt like it glided on my skin.
you can instantly see the glowing
your skin truly looks cleaner
my skin is so much smoother
my face is soo much smoother
makeup glides on better too.
started noticing texture on my skin.
they all complimented how bright
clear my complexion has become
overall more even texture
my skin is soft and looks bright.
my skin tone already looks more even
my face altogether just looks brighter
am getting endless compliments on how glowing my skin is
my skin tone looks more even
my skin is glowing
my skin is left with a bluish tint
the overall texture of my skin looks better
my looks brighter, clearer and smoother.
my skin glows afterwards
my skin has never felt smoother!
the color is blue
it was a pleasant mask to wear.
my skin feels firmer and just glows.
really loved the thick texture
my entire under eye looks a lot brighter
my eyes do actually feel brighter
the lines seem smoother
it's light on the skin.
the consistency is a bit thinner than my usual eye cream choice
my lines get smoother
this one keeps my eye supple and no irritation.
it is so soothing to my eyes.
this eye cream is fantastic!
it brightens my eyes very well.
wake up with plumper skin
this eye cream is awesome.
texture of this fantastic cream
giving your skin that extra glow
this product made my skin smooth
i've noticed that my skin doesn't look as fresh
it has improved the texture of my skin
gives me a nice glow with more use
made my skin radiant
my skin is brighter
the consistency is thin
it has a nice silky texture
my skin has felt smoother & more supple.
it has brightened my skin
amazing formula and smooth consistency.
felt a noticeable different in my skin texture
my skin texture is smoothing out
it is very concentrated yet light weight serum that preps my skin with amazing texture
my skin looks so dewy
my skin is smoother
i do feel my skin is brighter
my forehead seems smoother and younger looking.
it also completely smoothed my skin
this product was highly effective for me in terms of brightening my overall complexion
it has left my skin very radiant with a beautiful glow
my complexion is better
then your skin is bright
it has helped with my texture on my cheeks
i've noticed that my skin si so much brighter
my skin looks brighter firmer
saying that my skin is brighter
plump with just this
this definitely brightens up my skin
gives me a nice glow
gives me a smooth canvas to work with
brightens and laminates your skin !
my skin is more bright
it has completely transformed the textured
my skin is glowing
my skin is noticeably brighter
my skin looks amazing
my skin is so glowy
this gives me a more even skin-tone
just makes my face glow
my overall tone is brighter
brighten in general since my skin was looking so dull
my skin is brighter
not a illuminating sparkle or mica glow
my skin was immediately more radiant
this makes my face glow.
my face glows and feels smooth.
i feel like my skin gets smoother
my skin looks even
i've noticed my skin is brighter
it does definitely leave a shine/tackiness to the skin
the way it melts into my skin is lovely
abhorrent texture especially on my cheekbones
this serum has truly brightened my complexion
tlc night serum have tremendously improved my skin
it immediately adds a glow
makes my skin look super healthy
my skin looks so nice, smooth and supple!
i feel like my skin is brighter too.
this serum helped lighten brown spots while keeping the rest of my complexion clear
it definitely gives me a glow
made my skin smooth
my skin has improve tone
gives it a nice glow
which was a lighter golden
i can say this gives my skin the most beautiful luminous glow
this gives my skin life
it honestly gives my skin a brighter appearance
my skin absolutely glows
the first time i wore this under my makeup i got compliments that my complexion looked very beautiful
that i had a glow
my skin is visibly improved
i even think it has the added benefit of making my skin look tanner
it brightens my complexion
smooths the uneven texture
it brightens my skin overall
nothing else i've used makes my skin as glowing
my skin absolutely glows!
i feel like my skin stays matte with the use of this product
skin has been flawless
started getting texture again
like magic texture has decreased
the most noticeable thing is the glow on my skin
my skin feels firm & smooth.
my foundation gets very blotchy
i love that extra glow it gives
feels velvety when putting it on
your skin feels ''smoothed out" instead of dewy/tacky after application
moisturizes make make my face look really greasy >_<
it makes my face glow
it also helps with my eye bags the cream brightens up my look
it keeps my skin smooth all day
i love the way it makes my skin all glowy.
this gel gives the most refreshing feeling!
, it feels cool, light and refreshing.
the gel texture feels good on your fingers
it definitely looks and feels like whipped gel.
the combination have done wonders for my complexion
it blurs the texture
the shaving cream/mousse-esque consistency is definitely a plus as well
feels luxuriously soft on the face
also leaves my skin very smooth
def makes the skin feel clean
i enjoy the texture -- the foam is very gentle.
the skin is shining
this is perfect for combo skin.
this makes your skin so bright
it makes your skin beautiful!!!!!!
i really liked the foamy consistency
i found it oddly calming on the skin
and the mouse just feels luxurious.
this one keeps my skin balanced
skin feels refreshed and looks glowing and clear.
my skin tends to look dull
made my skin super soft and brightened.
skin was smoother, softer and pores not so big.
the texture of this product is amazing.
it leaves my skin supple
my skin looks amazing
my complexion is way better
it leaves my skin noticeably smoother
it mades my skin feel so smooth
left my skin bright and smooth.
overall complexion improved noticeably
it smooth out my complexion
perfect for a skin type with deeper wrinkles
creates a flawless finish for all skin types
completely restored the plump
leaves my skin glowing
when i use this everyday my skin is more radiant
my skin is smoother and more lifted.
my skin looks smoother
my skin feels plumper and just "good".
your skin feels velvety after application
my skin feels plumper
my face seem to be plumper and softer.
my skin looks plumper
amazing for plumpnss and sculpts my cheekbones.
finally, a natural eye cream that works <3
the texture is light, pleasant, and soft.
it sits well without making my skin shiny
it instantly revitalized my lips
it definitely brightens up the area
my eye area is so much smoother
the texture of this eye crème is so very nice
my skin in smoother
the texture is perfect
it isn't magical with wrinkles
under my eyes it appears lighter/brighter giving me a more vibrant
lasting longer on my new plump
makes my skin smooth
i find myself feeling like my lips not only look fuller
so my skin is darker
this will make your face glow!
brightens tour darks spots!
my skin is brighter
boy has it lightened this spot immensely
i look far more youthful and polished.
otherwise this makes my skin glow
my skin looks soooo smooth
i do notice that my forehead is a lot smoother in texture
almost unnoticeable reddish color
the texture of my skin is smoothened out
a half my skin looks amazing
i even have a glow.
my skin feels smoother
it brightens my skin while muting my dark spots
my skin is radiant.
it is then lighter than my skin tone
improvement in over all texture of my skin
helps my skin a lot with texture.
it feels and looks really soft and flawless.
my skin feels smoother
overall my skin just looks better
made my skin look fresh
feeling as smooth as ever
it immediately improves my skin texture.
leaves it super soft and with a glow.
the gentle scrub like texture leaves me skin smooth
after using this i feel younger and brighter.
created a bumpy like texture
the texture of my skin was so smooth.
has helped with texture with this product
smooth out the skin
smoother from the first use
my skin feels so much smoother.
after cleansing, your skin is smooth and bright!
my skin seems to glow all day
my skin feels so smooth
smoothing effects are unreal
uneven skin texture for awhile
leave the skin supple
my complexion is noticeably smoother
has made my face look brighter
it looks so clear and smooth.
my skin looks glowing
this cleanser has greatly improved the texture
really evened out my skin tone
it creates a beautiful base for the rest of my skin care products
it makes my skin feel smooth
your skin is radiant.
really helps clear up blemishes fast
my face is smooth as ever
my skin glows after using it
it has left my combination skin glowing
make my skin look brighter
my skin always looked lifeless
it brightens my skin
makes your face so smooth
exfoliates my face feeling so smooth after
my complexion is smooth
it makes my skin smooth
primes it perfectly for makeup
my skin is less smooth
the texture of my skin has improved
it makes my skin smooth
my complexion is a lot smoother and even toned.
my overall skin appearance
my skin is left smooth
my skin always feels so much smoother
pat my face dry my skin feels incredibly smooth like it's just been polished
it leaves my skin silky and pores super refined.
my skin looks more healthy
my skin is smooth to the touch
it seems to work even better at smoothing my skin
skin simply looks more radiant which is not easy to accomplish at age 68
this product leaves my skin radiant
it's so pleasant to use: glides on effortlessly
is way more supple
it has the perfect smooth
makes face feel smooth
it feels so smooth upon application
it was smoother and brighter.
murad products have beautifully changed my skin
it works perfectly with my skin
evening out skin texture
it keeps my skin feeling smooth
my skin was glowing
my skin is so flawless
my overall complexion has improved
my jawline was clear
since using this i feel like my skin looks brighter
it has an amazing tingly sensation that's so refreshing
my skin is much brighter & glowing!
my skin has smoothed out so much!
mine is more with texture
with this cleanser i've noticed that my skin is much smoother
my skin looks clearer
feels refreshing on the skin as well.
the texture of my skin has gone from bumpy
my face looks brighter
it feels soft, tighter, and refreshed.
murad keeps my skin clear
it did not plump wrinkles or smooth fine lines
i am instantly radiant
works so beautifully with my makeup application- skin looks so healthy
my skin is smoother
texture is a bit sticky at first
my skin looks radiant
gentle enough to leave face with a smooth
this gives me better texture
more porcelain finish skin
it's calms my skin
leaving silky smooth skin
the texture is perfect.
not only do i feel like a glamourpuss old fashioned movie star putting on a frickin' beauty balm on my face
also makes my face glow
leaves face soft and glowing!
this makes my skin feel absolutely beautiful.
leaves my skin silky smooth.
the texture of my skin has also greatly improved.
the little blue texture doesn't hurt my skin at the same time feel like slightly exfoliating
leaves my skin smooth and fresh!
i've noticed my skin is smoother
i noticed my skin feeling glowy
my overall skin tone looks more even
it has transformed my skin.
it is a very pale blue in color
after i use this product my skin glows
it also leaves me with clearer and brighter skin.
made it so glowy
my skin is blossoming into happy
daily routine: glossier skin tint
the texture is wonderful
the oily texture feels
glides so nicely over my skin
it makes your skin look awesome and glowing.
it made my eyes feel gritty
overall, the balm experience is very luxurious.
glam glow is my favorite face mask br
this product is great for drier skins
it leaves the skin very supple
my perpetually pink cheeks is noticeably whiter after each use
best suited for colder climes
the duos do wonderful for my sun spots
the texture needs some working
i looked smooth and fresh after.
makes my nighttime routine feel luxurious.
the texture is super light
my face looked more dewy
foundation looks very smooth
it gives the skin a nice
amazing for oily skin!
leaves me matte and my makeup looks flawless.
skin appears visibly toned and plumped.
it helps with my combination skin.
love this product makes my skin glow
my skin felt smooth
it gives my skin a nice
gives my 66 year old skin a fresh youthful glow
it seems like it gives me an airbrushed flawless finish
leaves my skin literally glowing
great for mature complexions.
very pleasant with no hint of "crisco"
makes your skin look
it makes your skin feel like silk
it made my skin glow
my skin is so smooth
my face looks and feels smoother and polished.
it makes my skin look so bright
her skin looks bright and clear.
eve lom is good texture
my skin tone looks glowing after 3 weeks of use.
the gold color is beautiful.
gives a nice glowing look
i am really impressed with the lovely texture of the wash
gold leave the skin with the most beautiful
texture of the product is amazing
it works wonderfully with the nuface microcurrent
really left my skin glowing!
this product has made my skin radiant
it was gentle and i liked the texture.
love the texture to its like a jelly silk that glides on the skin
it makes my skin look very supple
maybe even plumper skin
it made my skin glow
the texture was a bit like jello at first
the texture of this product is light
glides on like a dream
restore some color to my cheeks
is so easy to apply smoothly to my skin
smooth my complexion looks
my skin is smooth
it goes on super smooth
plus it felt smooth and calm.
wake up with supple
in the morning my skin felt smooth
leaves my skin glowing.
makeup glided on and my face felt firmer.
your skin will feel smooth
the skin seemed really supple
the texture is very unique
it feels weightless on skin
the texture is very different that other mask for sure
the consistency of the mask was cool
my skin glows all day long
my skin was glowing, tighter and brighter.
my skin is noticeably smoother
the texture is so light
